“The Hidden Children”
Book One
Of
The Capricon

 By Harry B Botha

Published by Harry B Botha at Smashwords

Copyright 2011 Harry B Botha

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Chapter One – Wattville

Logan could feel his friend breathing down his neck. Huck was only two steps behind him but it was not Huck that concerned him, it was the dog that was two steps behind Huck, a large black dog named Jaws. This was a fitting name because just a few seconds ago Huck had already become acquainted with Jaws’ nasty white meat grinders. The dog had torn a hole in his pants, a rather large hole that left the portly boy’s rear end open for the whole world to see.
“I can’t keep this up much longer” Huck yelled out of breath. 
“That’s good,” Logan yelled a reply.
“Why?” 
“Once you stop running I can make a clean getaway.” 
“This is no time to joke, this thing’s got sharp teeth.” Huck patted his rear end just to make sure Jaws hadn’t taken another bite. “Why am I taking the bite, it was your shortcut!”
“Because I’m the fastest, but for some reason I can’t get away from you today” Logan teased.
“More jokes! This is not the time!” 
Jaw’s teeth snapped dangerously close to Huck’s behind again.
“Really not the time” he repeated.
“We’re almost home, just two more blocks.”
“That’s two more blocks than I can do.”
“I’ve got an idea. Whatever happens, just keep on running.” Logan said with a smile.
“What are you going to do?”
“Do you want to talk or be doggy chow?”
“I’m running! I’m running!” Huck agreed nervously.
Logan jumped into the doorway of the Cust Off Laundry Service and watched Huck and Jaws dart past him. The dog didn’t pay any attention to the tall boy, he had his eyes locked on the scrumptious looking freckled behind in front of him, but that changed when Logan slapped the dog on its rump. Jaws spun round to see the curly haired boy running inside the laundry. 
‘Today must be sheet day,’ Logan thought as he ran to where he hoped the back door was. Filthy sheets were going into machines and clean ones were coming out. Logan bobbed and weaved the best he could, ducking the ladies and their sheets. All he had to do was make it to the door, slam it in the dog’s face and he should be safe. That’s the way it worked in his head when he planned it, but he did not expect all the obstacles that were between him and the door. The women in the laundry stood in silent surprise, watching the tall twelve year old make his way through the laundry. Silent surprise changed to furious yelling when the big black dog ran through the store tearing everything to pieces. Jaws was now covered in sheets and resembled a running heap of laundry, his only visible features were his snout, eyes and very sharp teeth. 
When Logan finally bolted out of the back door, Jaws was too close to slam the door in his face, so he made his way down the street hoping to still outrun the beast. He dared a glance to see how far he was ahead. Jaws was still a few steps behind him but the chase had gained a few extra members. All the women from the laundry were running behind Jaws waving their arms, yelling furiously. The yelling did nothing to upset the dogs stride, he had his eyes set on a goal and at this moment that goal was to eat the boy running in front of him, or at least that was what Logan thought the dog wanted to do. Logan looked over his shoulder again to see how far Jaws was behind him when he noticed that half the sheets the dog was wearing looked like Aunt Belle’s, and that for a second sent an even bigger chill than being eaten by Jaws down his back.
Aunt Belle was Huck’s godmother. She was a stout baker with a temper and a terrible habit of losing it for the smallest thing. A baker with a short temper is a scary image when you take into account that they always have a rolling pin handy to knock you against the head. Not that Aunt Belle had ever done such a thing to one of the boys but it did occur to Logan when he saw all her linen being ruined by Jaws, that she might. With every step the beast removed another sheet, tearing and destroying the material. When the sheets hit cobbles they instantly turned black, covered in a mixture of dust and coal dust that the locals referred to as cust (that’s where the Cust Off Laundry Service got its name). Logan and Huck often teased Aunt Belle, saying that one day she would blow the top off her head from losing her temper and today Logan was sure it was going to be that day. 
With that thought Logan turned his attention back to the road in front of him, facing Aunt Belle’s wrath was still in the future, first he had to survive Jaws’ ferocious teeth. He had to go right down the next street and left into the one after that. If he was still alive by then, a quick left through a door would put him safely inside the bakery. 
‘The Funnybread & Goodpie Bakery’ was where Logan and Huck lived with their godparents, Herbert Funnybread and Belle Goodpie. Logan shared a room with Uncle Herbert and Huck shared an apartment with Aunt Belle. Funnybread suited Uncle Herbert well and if you saw his bread you’d know why. The loaves were always lopsided, a little burnt and sometimes they looked like something resembling a rock, but they were always delicious. Uncle Herbert had a secret ingredient, which was so secret, sometimes people wondered if even he knew what it was. But that ingredient, made his bread irresistible.
Aunt Belle Goodpie’s pies were a whole different story. Even though her pasties looked good and smelled good they never really tasted good. She made Cornish pies, half moon shapes filled with meat and vegetables, with a thick crust around the side. The only people who ever bought her pies were the coal carters, and the only reason they bought them was because they could hold a pie by the crust, and eat it without getting it full of cust. Most coal carters will eat anything just to get the taste of coal out of their mouths. 
Logan rounded the corner and was surprised to see a panting Huck standing down the street. Why was he standing at the corner? He should have been home by now.
“Run!” he screamed with Jaws snapping at his heels.
Logan saw his portly friend turn to start running when everything went terribly wrong. He slipped and fell on a pile of wet cust (or cudd as the locals called it, mud made out of cust). Before he could get up, Jaws grabbed him by the sleeve, ferociously shaking his head ripping the shirt. The torn sleeve revealed a large red birthmark on Logan’s right forearm. The mark was shaped like a pair of wings, but people seldom saw it because Logan always wore long sleeved shirts to cover it up. 
When he finally got back onto his feet again he was surprised to see Huck standing next to him. He had the expression of someone desperately trying to work out a solution to a math problem in his head. Unlike a math problem he couldn’t solve this had more dire consequences. Logan saw the puzzled look on Huck face change to clarity. Well at least he has an idea, Logan thought relieved but that soon changed when he saw what Huck’s plan was. 
 Huck jumped on top of Jaws’ back, riding him like a rodeo bull. 
The redheaded boy had his hands over the dog’s eyes but Jaws did not let go of Logan’s sleeve. 
“Nice doggy,” he yelled, then he looked up to Logan “Do something!” 
“I don’t think nice doggy is going to work” Logan said sarcastically.
“Take off your shirt, let the dog eat it, and run!”
“Then how are you going to get away?”
Huck hadn’t thought of that - Logan could see he suddenly realised the flaw in his plan, even if Logan could free himself, he was still going to be stuck on the dog’s back.
Suddenly, a loud voice erupted next to the boys. 
”Sit!” it ordered. 
Jaws immediately dropped his rear end down on the street.
The loud voice belonged to Uncle Herbert. He was a big man by all standards, tall and round. He had a short beard, friendly eyes and was wearing his ever-present baking apron. 
“Now get off the dog, Huck” he said with a devious smile.
Huck let go of Jaws’ neck and slid down the dog’s back until he felt the cold cobble street on his open rear end.
“Good boy” Uncle Herbert said to the dog and patted him on the head.
The boys’ jaws dropped in disbelief - this ferocious animal had changed into the friendliest dog on earth, watching Uncle Herbert with loving eyes. Jaws opened his mouth in what looked like a smile, happily wagging his tail. Unfortunately for Huck every tail wag ended up slapping him in the face. 
“You’ve done good boy, now go on home”
The dog stood up, gave a quick growl at each of the boys, then turned and left, merrily jogging down the street towards the power plant.
Huck stood up and tried to wipe the cust from his behind. “How could you call him a good dog? Did you see what he did to our clothes?”
Uncle Herbert couldn’t help but laugh when he saw Huck’s naked rear. “You better cover that up. We don’t want people being blinded by your bright white behind.”
Huck quickly lifted the flap of his pants, humiliation written on his face.
“The dog was only doing what he was supposed to. I think you two took a shortcut through Mister Whittles back yard again.”
The boys looked as guilty as a cat with a milk moustache in a dairy. Uncle Herbert knew them too well, and there was no use in spinning him a story. Uncle Herbert had a quick look at Huck’s behind again.
“That bite doesn’t look too deep.”
“It might not look it, but it sure feels it” Huck rubbed the sore spot. 
“Why’d he listen to you?” Logan was trying to cover the mark on his arm with what was left of his sleeve.
“Who?”
“Jaws, why did he listen to you?
“I don’t know, maybe he was tired of chasing you two scallywags, maybe he thought you’d make a terrible meal, he already had a taste of Huck, you know. Maybe he has a girlfriend to get back to. I don’t know.” 
“Well he sure didn’t listen to us,” Huck claimed.
“I don’t know many dogs that really respond to ‘nice doggy’” Uncle Herbert teased.
Logan glanced at his torn shirt and Huck’s torn pants, then he shot a concerned glimpse at Uncle Herbert, worrying about Aunt Belle’s reaction. Their torn clothes were sure to make her blow her top. He shifted his gaze to Uncle Herbert who immediately realised what the boy was worrying about.
“So, what now?” Logan asked.
“I need you to deliver Mister Dingle’s bread” Uncle Herbert answered.
“We can’t go home like this, Aunt Belle will blow her top if she sees what happened to our clothes.” Clearly Uncle Herbert did not know what he was worrying about. 
“Lucky for you she’s not home right now.  Put the clothes in my room, and I’ll see what I can do before she notices.”  Uncle Herbert redeemed himself.
“Where is she?” Logan asked.
“She went to fetch the laundry”
“Then I don’t think she’s going to be in a good mood when she gets back.” 
“And why is that?” Uncle Herbert asked.
“The dog might have ruined her washing.” 
“Change your clothes, and go deliver the bread, it’s on the counter.  I’ll deal with Aunt Belle but it would be better if you’re not there when she gets home.” He gave the boys a sly wink.
“Thanks Uncle Herbert” the boys said simultaneously while making their way down the road towards the bakery.
He watched the two boys leave and he couldn’t help but smile. He had grown up with their fathers and the three of them had landed themselves in much more trouble than these two boys when they were their age. They reminded him so much of his dear friends. His smile changed and there was a hint of sadness in his eyes. He knew things about the boys’ future, soon their carefree days would be over. Things were about to change. In a few days everything would be different. There were difficult, life threatening obstacles in the boys’ future. The hopes of so many rested on the shoulders of these boys and it broke his heart when he thought that his two free spirited little scallywags had to start growing up very quickly to survive their destiny.

Chapter Two – The Naikers

The post office was once a bright red building but years of sitting next to the train station had changed it to a black, muddy red. Dark lines ran down its sides, like tears. There were two windows with a door in the middle and it gave the post office a face-like quality, a sad face with black teary eyes. But, there was a warm light inside. Just because the building was sad, didn’t mean the people inside were too. Mister Dingle, or Old Man Dingle as everybody called him, had a gigantic grey beard, which stretched from his face over his belly down to his belt. If you didn’t hear him talk you wouldn’t have thought he had a mouth. The beard covered it completely. Even though you couldn’t see his mouth you always knew when he smiled, he had “smile lines” as he called them, in the corners of his eyes, and when you saw those wrinkles move you knew he was smiling underneath that mass of hair he called his beard.
Those smile lines lit up when the two boys enter his post office.  He’d been waiting patiently for his Funnybread, and his stomach was rumbling. As usual Old Man Dingle was sitting behind the counter, in the chair he never seemed to leave. It was well known fact that the last time Old Man Dingle was out of that chair was when he had wheels installed so he could wheel around the post office. There was a wheel under each of the four legs of the chair, and they could move in every direction. At night, if you looked through the post office window, you would see him wheeling from side to side packing and sorting the mail. 
Parcels and letters that came through the Wattville Post Office always looked like someone had rubbed them with charcoal. Being next to a train station that received more coal than any other in the country, everything looked as if it had been rubbed with charcoal. The problem with this was that it made it very hard to read the addresses and they seldom went to the right place.  So, whenever you expected something from Wattville and a filthy charcoal-covered letter reached you, you could count yourself lucky you received it at all. 
The boys were desperately trying to shake the rain off their umbrellas. The sudden shower had just stopped but the stubborn water drops took a shake or two to remove. The boys were dressed in matching uniforms, the only clean clothes they had after the fiasco with Jaws were their Sunday bests. Crisp clean white shirt, blue pullover and dark grey slacks.
“Hello Mister Dingle,” Logan said, entering the door.
“Well if it isn’t the town’s hope for gold medals, the Funnybread and Goodpie boys.” he greeted, smile lines gleaming.
Every year, during the second school holiday, the Wattville Primary School participated in a large athletic tournament. The tournament was held out of town, meaning that it was a tour and that meant you had an opportunity to get away from Wattville for a while. So anybody that had a drop of talent tried their best to go. The trials were always held on the last day of school to determine who these lucky students would be.
Huck didn’t have to do trials, since the day he accidentally threw a large stone all the way across the football field, through the music class window, landing on Miss Dopler’s foot during choir practice. Some say it was the highest note she had ever hit. 
Huck only threw the rock because Billy Naiker made a bet to see who could throw the farthest. Luckily for Huck, that accident led to his automatic inclusion into the athletics team as a shot-put expert.
“I’m not in the team yet sir.” Logan said walking to the counter.
“When will you know then?”   
“Trials are tomorrow.” Logan placed the bread on the counter.
“Ah, do you think you’ll have some competition then?”
“Only Gilly Naiker. He’s ….” 
“Gilly Naiker, here we go again” Huck interrupted. “Are you nuts, he doesn’t stand a chance” Huck turned to Old Man Dingle “This afternoon Logan was running like a rocket, you should have seen him Mister Dingle. Like a rocket I tell you.” He was referring to athletics practice, not the incident with Jaws. Old Man Dingle didn’t have to know about what happened earlier, for all they knew his laundry might have been in the bundle Jaws had destroyed.
“I believe you, young Harold Huckleby,” Old Man Dingle used Huck’s real name. “But be wary of those Naiker boys. You never know what they might have up their sleeves. I’ve seen what they are capable of,” he warned.
The Naikers were the sons of the train station master, Mister Waterford Naiker. First there was William who was sixteen and was called Willy. Then there was William no.2, he was fourteen and called Billy. Then there was Gilliam, he was twelve and called Gilly, he was also Logan’s biggest rival on the athletics field. Finally there was Sillian, he was nine and called Silly. Under normal circumstances Silly would not have been a proper name to call a boy but it suited him perfectly.  
Old Man Dingle knew the Naikers well. Living next door to them had made him an easy target for the brunt of many of their jokes. One night the Naikers sneaked into the post office while he was sleeping and glued all four of his chair’s wheels in the same direction. When Old Man Dingle woke up the next morning he wanted to wheel towards the bathroom, but ended up going out the front door, landing on the back of Deaf Dilbert’s coal truck. 
There was a good reason Deaf Dilbert was called Deaf Dilbert.  All the years of carting coal had filled Dilbert’s ears with cust making him hard of hearing, but calling him ‘Hard of Hearing Dilbert’ was ridiculous, so he was named Deaf Dilbert by the town. He didn’t hear Old Man Dingle’s screams until he finally stopped at the power plant. By then the whole town thought there was something seriously wrong with his truck, because all they could hear were frantic curses as he drove past them. They waved their arms, trying to stop him, but he only thought people were particularly friendly that day, because usually nobody waved a ‘hello’ to him this early in the morning.  Of course Dilbert was a little more than surprised to find a fuming ball of hair strapped to a chair in the back of his truck when he finally stopped to off-load his freight. 
 Old Man Dingle was just one of their victims. The Naikers were seldom caught, but when they were, Mister Naiker would always bail them out (being the second wealthiest man in Wattville). If Mister Naiker wanted, he could refuse anyone coal and they would be out of a job. This made most of the town very wary of the Naiker boys.
Old Man Dingle unwrapped the package revealing a burnt lopsided loaf of bread.
“Your Uncle sure knows how to make bread the way I like it.” 
The boys gave each other a quick glance, if Old Man Dingle liked burnt bread, they were not going to say a thing.
“There’s nothing better than eating a fresh slice of Funnybread,” he continued.
The old man looked at the burnt lopsided loaf with wonder, while the boys were wondering how he was going to eat it through that thick beard. They had delivered several loaves to him, but had never seen him eat one. Old Man Dingle wheeled to the fridge, removed a block of butter and a jar of jam. He wheeled back to the counter, picking up a plate and a knife along the way. He cut himself a thick slice of bread, smeared it with a generous layer of butter, then jam. The boys looked at each other still wondering how he was going to get it in his mouth. To their surprise Old Man Dingle removed two hairpins from underneath the counter. He took the first hairpin and pinned the right half of his moustache to the right cheek of his beard. For the first time in their lives the boys saw that Old Man Dingle had a mouth. It was only half a mouth at the moment, but the rest would follow. The old man repeated the hairpin action with the left side, and there he was, looking like an old grey, large whiskered, Burmese cat. He smiled at the boys, and they could see his pearly teeth. He took a bite of burnt jam sandwich, chewed and smiled again.
“Delicious” he said to the boys. “I reckon you two would enjoy some candy?”
The boys could only nod their heads, there was no way words would find a to their mouths, while watching this strange spectacle.
Old Man Dingle grasped a large jar of gobstoppers from underneath the counter. For a brief second Logan wondered what else he was hiding there. He’d seen plates, knives, hairpins and jars appear in only a few seconds.
“You can have two each, as long as Logan runs circles around Gilly tomorrow,” he said placing the jar on the counter next to his bread.
“I’ll do my best sir” Logan said as he removed two gobstoppers from the jar.
“I’ll be doing the cheering, so maybe I should have an extra one to soothe my throat” Huck said removing three gobstoppers from the jar.
“Indeed Mister Huckleby. But I’d better hear you cheering all the way to here for that extra one” 
“They’ll be hearing me all the way to Glickenswitch , thank you Mister Dingle” Huck boasted stuffing a gobstopper into his cheek. 
The boys were about to leave when Old Man Dingle called them back.
“I almost forgot, there’s a package here for the two of you.”
“A  package?” Logan was surprised.
“For us?” Huck was just as surprised.
“Who would send us a package?” Logan asked.
“I dunno, it came in this morning.” the whisker-faced man said, retrieving a small box wrapped in brown paper. The boys’ names and the Funnybread & Goodpie address were written on the box. The strange thing about the box was that it was clean. No charcoal or cust in sight. Logan took the box from Old Man Dingle. 
“It’s clean” he said, looking at the perfectly wrapped box.
“Imagine that.” The old man said with a how-should-I-know expression behind his whiskers.
Logan was tempted to shake the box in an attempt to hear what was inside, as it was quite heavy but before he could shake it he felt it heating up in his hand.
“It’s getting warm,” he said shocked.
“Interesting.” Mister Dingle chewed his bread. He was clearly not listening to what the boy was saying, engrossed in his delicious funnybread.
Logan held onto the box as the heat increased.
“It’s still getting warmer.”  
“Well, take it outside before you set the place on fire” Old Man Dingle said, shooing the boys out of the office.
Huck could barely contain his curiosity, and when they were outside he also touched the box in Logan’s hands.
“What do you think it is?” he asked. 
“I don’t know but it’s still getting hotter” Logan answered.
“Open it so we can see.”
Logan was afraid that the box was about to burst into flames, but nevertheless he slowly started tearing it open. A bright green light shined from the corner he had torn. Huck jumped back and Logan almost dropped the box. 
“Cust me! What’s that?” Huck yelped. 
“What’s what?” a voice said behind the boys.
Logan pressed the corner back down and hid the box behind his back, while turning round to face the origin of the voice. Standing in front of them were the four Naiker brothers.
The Naikers were all dressed in running shorts and vests. They had clearly been practising for the next day’s trials. Willy was the fastest sprinter in his age group, the same went for Billy. Like Logan, it was Gilly’s first year to compete. That put a lot of pressure on the boy, he came from a family of sprinters and they had always been the best and fastest athletes, since his great grandfather competed in the school’s first year, so long ago. He had to be the best sprinter of his age but now this tall curly haired boy stood in his way.
“What’s what? I said?” Gilly asked again.
“Nothing” Huck said quickly - much too quickly.
“What do you have behind your back?” Billy added to his younger brother’s question.
“It doesn’t concern you,” Logan said. While Huck moved in behind him, he passed him the box and Huck hid it under his pullover. It wasn’t the best hiding place, the square box was quite visible against his round belly.
“Do you think we didn’t see that?” Willy said.
“Yeah, we saw that. We did, didn’t we? What did we see again?” the confused Silly stated and asked in the same breath.
Logan noticed that Gilly was wearing a brand new pair of running shoes and quickly tried to distract the boy.
“Are those new running shoes?”
“You still haven’t answered our question?” Willy said shrugging off the distraction tactics.
Huck tucked his pullover into his pants, securing the warm box firmly against his body. For a second he wondered if it was a good idea putting something that might go up in flames against his body but his concern didn’t last long, the box was his and Logan’s and the Naikers were not going to have it. Especially if he didn’t even know what was in it yet. No, it was time to take a stand, and he’d live with the consequences. So he did something he had never done before. He started rolling up his sleeves like they do in the movies, when the cowboys are getting ready for a saloon fight, he even tilted his head slightly, just like he’d seen so many sheriffs do on the big screen.
“If you want to see what it is, you’ll have to fight us for it.” He had some difficulty speaking as the gobstopper was still stuffed in his cheek but it only added to the effect. The sheriff looked like he was chewing some tobacco. He spat to make his point, just like in the movies.
Logan looked at his friend like he had lost his mind. The four Naiker brothers against the two boys of Funnybread & Goodpie just didn’t seem like good odds. Had their tussle with Jaws finally loosened the nuts holding Huck’s mind together. He wanted to start rolling up his sleeves as well, but was too embarrassed about the birthmark on his arm. So he did the second best thing, he moved in next to his friend and stood shoulder to shoulder with him. 
There was a long pause from the Naikers. They had no idea what to say. Nobody had ever confronted them like this.
“You know we can’t fight you today. We might injure ourselves before the trials.” Willy saved the Naiker brothers’ pride.
There was a long and uncomfortable silence as everybody measured each other up. Willy might have said that they didn’t want to fight but you were never too sure when the Naikers were  involved.
“Yes, they are new.” Gilly said out of nowhere.
Logan and Huck relaxed their stance when they realised that Gilly had swung the conversation away from the fight, back to his shoes.
“Not that I need new shoes to beat you” he boasted while jogging on the spot like it was a demonstration of his speed. 
“You think?” Huck almost laughed at the idiotic behaviour.
“We know.” Willy frowned, nobody laughed at him or his brothers.
“Yeah we know. We know. What do we know again?” Silly stated and asked in the same breath again. 
“That Gilly doesn’t need new shoes to beat Mushroom Head” Willy snapped at his little brother. 
The Mushroom Head insult was one Logan had heard many times, he had tried new hairstyles and different cuts but nothing ever lasted. After a few months his curly hair would always be back and his head would look like the cloud an atomic bomb leaves behind. He had heard the insult so many times it barely bothered him anymore, he was just about to rebuke when Willy continued his statement.
 “I’m so sure of it, I’m willing to bet you two that Gilly will beat Mushroom Head in a race right here, right now.” 
“We don’t have anything to bet,” Logan replied to the wager.
“How about the gobstoppers you got from Old Man Dingle?” Billy said 
“What gobstoppers?” Logan lied.
“Chubby still has one in his mouth” 
Huck was smiling, with what would have been a sheepish expression on his face, but the gobstopper stuffed in his cheek made him look like someone who had just had a painful visit to the dentist. Logan realised the news was out, they had gobstoppers, so he started removing his shoes for the big race, his loafers weren’t ideal running shoes, and he preferred running barefoot anyway.
“Then it’s a bet.” Logan said 
“Wait” Huck interrupted “What do we get?” 
Gilly removed a bag full of gobstoppers from his pocket, showing them to Huck.
“Okay that’ll do,” Huck said. Food was one of his weaknesses and to Huck a gobstopper was the pinnacle of the food pyramid. He removed the two gobstoppers from his pocket and put them into the bag that Gilly was holding. Logan did the same.
The street between Station and Main Roads was called Black Street, mainly because it was where all the coal carters picked up their coal for the journey to the power plant, permanently covering it in a layer of thick cust. The distance the boys planned on running was almost a hundred meters. Willy and Billy were supervising the start and at the finish line were Silly and Huck. Silly was holding the bag of candy and Huck was holding Logan’s shoes and their umbrellas. Logan could see the box underneath Huck’s pullover from where he stood, and wondered if it was still heating up, hoping his friend wouldn’t burst into flames.
Huck on the other hand was eyeballing the bag of candy and had completely forgotten about the box against his belly. It was not getting any warmer, so it was an easy thing to forget about when looking at so much candy.
Logan and Gilly lined up, ready to start. Willy was standing beside the boys and Billy behind them. Willy raised his hand like a starter.
“Ready,”
“Steady,” he looked at Billy and nodded. 
Billy nodded back to his big brother, one of those nods of understanding something that had to happen, one of those very sly nods.
“Go!” Willy yelled.
At the exact instant Gilly took off, Billy leaned forward and tripped Logan causing the curly-haired boy to fall flat on his stomach. Billy’s foot got tangled up between Logan’s feet as he got up. Logan gave a quick kick to Billy’s shin. This resulted in Billy losing his balance and falling back on his other foot, twisting his ankle. 
Logan heard Billy yelp in pain behind him but he couldn’t look back, he had a race to win. Gilly was ten meters ahead of him, if he wanted to win he would have to do the impossible. He stretched his strides as long as he could, but he wasn’t gaining on Gilly fast enough. He could see Huck cheering him on, and he knew his friend would be heartbroken if he lost this race, and all their candy. 
His legs started to burn as his muscles cried for more oxygen but he kept on going. 
He was half way and still eight meters behind Gilly. 
He looked down at the road trying to focus, forcing his lungs to take deeper breaths to feed his muscles.
 When he looked up again he saw something strange. The box underneath Huck’s pullover started to glow with the same green light as it did before. The light pierced through the little holes in Huck’s jersey. 
Logan was thinking how odd it looked when, suddenly, he went over the finish line. He took a few meters to stop. When he turned and looked back, he saw that Gilly still hadn’t finished the race, but was slowing to a stop. Huck and Silly were staring at him, astonished, with open jaws.
The box had stopped glowing under his friend’s pullover, and he realised he couldn’t remember a thing about the end of the race.
With his mouth still open in surprise Huck grabbed the bag of candy from Silly’s hand and walked towards his friend.
“How’d you do that?” Huck asked.
“Do what?” 
“You were behind and then you started moving like a rocket and I mean rocket. I could barely see your legs” 
Gilly still hadn’t completed the race, he was standing twenty meters from the finish line. He had his hands on his hips like he was trying to catch his breath but his face told a different story. He was amazed, shocked and angry all at the same time. How could this have happened? He was going over the race in his head to figure out where it all went wrong when he noticed Silly running towards him.
“Did you see that, zoom, quick, fast that one,” he said.
“Shut up” Gilly snapped.
“But, speed, train, no aeroplane. Quick” 
“I said shut up”
They heard their older brothers yell something from the starting point and moved closer to hear what they were saying.
Logan finally made the connection between the race and the glowing green light.  
“The box! It must have had something to do with it,”
“What do you mean?” 
“Didn’t you see it glow?” 
“What glow? The box? It was under my jersey.” 
They heard the older boys yell something. The Naiker boys met each other at the halfway mark. Billy was limping behind his older brother. They had some words and then their attention turned to Logan and Huck. 
“They look mad” Huck said.
“I think we have to get out of here” Logan said quickly.
“Why? You won fair and square” Huck watched the fast approaching Naiker brothers. “Well, sort of, I don’t know how you did it but….”
“I’ll tell you later, but first, we have to get out of here.” Logan interrupted while trying to drag his friend from the approaching danger of the Naiker brothers, but Huck didn’t move.
“You’re going to ruin my jersey is you keep on yanking on it like that.”   
The Naikers were starting to run towards the boys, all except Billy who was limping. 
“Why are they so mad?” Huck asked.
“Billy tripped me and I kicked him” 
“Serves him right” Huck decided to start to jog behind his friend. Not completely sure why, as far as he was concerned Logan had full right to kick Billy for tripping him. Especially when there were gobstoppers at stake. 
“I think I might have broken his ankle” Logan replied.
“Still serves him right. Why don’t we stand like we’re about to fight? That worked the last time.”
“I don’t think they were this mad the last time.”
“ That’s true.”  Huck was moving faster now, while trying to hold on to a pair of shoes, two umbrellas, a bag of candy, and the box underneath his pullover which had started to come loose and slide down his belly.
“I’ll never be able to outrun them” he said shifting his contents, trying to find a comfortable running position..
“You won’t have to, just follow me” 
“Is this another one of your ‘plans’, the last one didn’t work out too well” They still had to face Aunt Belle and her sheets.
“Run with me or fight the Naikers”
“Okay I’ll run again, but it feels like that’s all we’ve been doing today.”
They ran towards the coal landing where the carters received their freight before they left for the power plant. Deaf Dilbert had finished loading, and was getting into his truck. The boys ran up the landing as he started to pull away.
“Jump!” Logan yelled as he jumped into the back of the truck.
“Catch!” Huck yelled as he threw him the umbrellas and shoes. 
Huck held the candy bag tightly in one hand, and pressed the box against his belly with the other, then he jumped for all he could. He landed and a big puff of cust filled the air, covering the boys completely. 
They sat up and saw the Naikers start to slow down. There was no way they were going to catch them now. Huck looked at them and did something he just couldn’t resist.
All the Naikers brothers, except for Billy who was limping behind, saw the big and now completely black, cust covered body of Harold “Huck” Huckleby stand up, and wave at them. They knew he was smiling, because, except for his eyes, his teeth were the only white feature on the boy’s face.

Chapter Three – The Trials

The man would have looked out of place had anyone noticed him standing on the corner of Central and Main Roads. He was wearing a long dark trench coat, with his collar turned up, hiding his neck and half of his head. The other half of his head was covered with a dark wide-brimmed hat.  There was a slit in front of the coat, through which you could barely make out a nose.  Even though he was very tall, he was hardly visible next to the soot covered wall. If anyone paid him attention, which they didn’t, they would have seen that he was carefully watching the Funnybread & Goodpie Bakery.
The man moved even further back into the shadows as a truck pulled up to the corner where he was standing. On its side was written Dilbert’s Coal Carting Company. The man watched the truck stop, and saw two filthy coal covered boys sneak off the back. The boys didn’t notice him even though he was standing only a few meters away from them. He overheard them speaking.
“Agreed?” asked the tall boy with the curly hair.
“Agreed” said the round redheaded boy.
“We’ll open the box after dinner” the tall boy said taking a small box from the other boy.
The man in the dark watched them walk into the Funnybread & Goodpie Bakery. Beneath his barely visible nose, hidden in darkness, was a smile.
“Patience, young lords” the man whispered. “Patience.” 
****
 “Look at the two of you.” Aunt Belle scolded when they entered the bakery. She was a burly woman with high hair, always tied in a fountain on her head. The fountain was held in place by a bright yellow ribbon. She tied her hair to keep it from hanging in her eyes when she was baking, but Huck always said the ribbon was supposed to let you know where her temper was. At this moment, from where the cust covered boys stood, the ribbon looked as if it was about to shoot right off the top of her head.
“You’ve ruined your brand new outfits” she chided.
  “So do you have anything to say for yourselves?” 
“We….” Huck started
“I don’t want to hear it” Aunt Belle interrupted. “First a dog destroyed my perfectly good linen, and then you two ruin your brand new outfits.”
Once you reached the “I don’t want to hear it” with Aunt Belle you knew there was no point in arguing. She obviously hadn’t made the connection between them and the dog yet. Uncle Herbert gave them a quick wink, he must have hid their other ruined clothes from her and the laundry ladies probably forgot to mention that it was Logan’s fault that the dog ran through the laundry in the first place.
“Go, clean yourselves up and …” 
“Then go to your rooms” Uncle Herbert interrupted, surprising Aunt Belle completely, but before she could say another word he shot her an uneasy glance, then he looked out the window. She followed his gaze until she saw what he did. The ribbon on her head relaxed a little, her anger quickly gave way to a look of concern.
They stood in silence. Aunt Belle never calmed down this fast.
“Go on, do as you’re told” she shooed them up the stairs.
 Just before Logan went up his side of the staircase he looked over his shoulder. He was confused by the strange behaviour Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle suddenly showed. They were staring out of the bakery window at something in the street. Logan tried to see what they were looking at, and for a second he caught a glimpse of a man standing across the road, the man stepped out of the shadows like he was revealing himself and then he was gone again. It was so fast that he wasn’t sure if whatever he saw was real, or his imagination.
****
Logan was sitting in his room staring at the box. He had a lot on his mind at that moment. Firstly, someone sent them a box with something weird inside, but he knew he couldn’t open it without Huck. Secondly, why did Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle act so strangely? Usually Aunt Belle would have had a lot to say about them ruining their clothes, but tonight she suddenly stopped when she saw something outside the window. 
At dinner she didn’t even mention the dirty clothes matter. The little family ate in complete silence, with Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle glancing uncomfortably at the window. Logan would have preferred an irate Aunt Belle to the silent meal.  
And finally, was there really someone standing across the street or was it just his imagination? He slid the box under his bed and walked to the window to see if the figure was still there. He looked out but it was very dark on the other side of the street. ‘Nothing,’ he thought, ‘there’s nobody out there; it’s just your imagination.’
He climbed into bed and stuck some cotton swabs in his ears. When sharing a room with Uncle Herbert, cotton swabs were one of the precautions you had to take to get any sleep. He snored so loud the neighbours even offered to put in thicker window glass so they could get some sleep at night. Luckily Uncle Herbert was still downstairs in the bakery preparing for the next day’s bake and Logan easily drifted off to sleep.
****
The Wattville athletics stadium was packed with people eagerly watching the school trials on the black field. Grass didn’t grow too well in Wattville, the power plant’s smoke clouds permanently blotted out the sun. Making it impossible to try and grow grass on the field. The town used the one thing they had an abundance of to create a surface that was fit for sport - cust. They had a big machine that spread the cust evenly across the field, it was called the Cust Chucker. It was monstrous looking device with big scoops and turn wheels driven by menacing gears, but it did its job well. Cust was no fun to run on, but it was better than running on uneven ground.
Logan was getting ready for the hundred meter dash, warming up in his lane. He was wearing his running clothes, a vest, shorts and no shoes. The birthmark on his arm was impossible to hide while wearing a vest and to add to his embarrassment it seemed particularly red today. 
Gilly Naiker took his position, in the lane right next to Logan. He was wearing a brand new pair of running spikes. Logan had never seen real running spikes before; they were white with two black arrows on each side. He wondered if the black arrows were supposed to make you run faster, but he didn’t have time to ponder the thought when the announcer stepped up.
“On your marks,” he yelled.
Logan kneeled down next to Gilly.
“My brother can’t go on the tour, thanks to you” Gilly said.
“He shouldn’t have tripped me.” 
“You were lucky yesterday; you won’t be getting away from us that easily today”
The fact that Gilly said us, worried Logan, he was obviously not talking about the race.  He sensed the Naiker brothers had done something, something bad.
“Get set!” The announcer yelled.
The boys tensed their muscles as they got ready to start the race. 
 “Do you see your fat friend anywhere?”
Logan looked down his lane to the end, but Huck was nowhere to be seen. His mind filled with possibilities of where Huck could be, he had never missed one of his races. The only conclusion that he could think of was that the Naikers had done something to him.
BOOOM.
The starter’s gun went off. 
Gilly exploded into the lead.
 Logan’s reaction to the starter pistol was slow because he was still pondering what Gilly said about Huck, but he quickly snapped out of it when he saw Gilly shooting ahead of him. 
Gilly was four meters in front of Logan when Logan finally got going. He stretched his stride to catch up with the Naiker boy.
Closing the gap he was still thinking of Huck. What had Gilly and his brothers done?
They went past the halfway mark and Gilly was three meters ahead. 
Logan leaned forward as far as he could without stumbling, he was picking up speed, getting closer to Gilly.
Sixty meter mark. Logan was two meters behind Gilly.
Seventy meter mark. One meter
Eighty meter mark. Half a meter
Ninety meter mark. Gilly was still ahead, slightly.
Gilly was ahead when they were about to cross the finish line, and threw his arms into the air like he was the victor. But as he raised his arms, Logan stuck his head in underneath his arms to pass him, by the skin of his nose. 
The line judge stepped in behind the boys as they ran past him and he tapped Logan on the shoulder congratulating him, and with the same action declaring him the winner. 
Every muscle in his body was on fire as he had pushed himself as hard as he could. But winning the race meant nothing, where was Huck?
Logan was frantically looking around to see if he could spot his friend. He saw Gilly walking towards him, slightly out of breath but he had a smile on his face, even though he had lost.
 “That’s two for you baker boy, but that doesn’t matter” Gilly said
  “Where’s Huck?” Logan asked.
“I guarantee you, that you will not go on this tour” Gilly strayed from the question, making a point.
“Where’s Huck?” Logan repeated. 
“He’s safe for now” Gilly said airily. 
“Tell me where he is,” Logan felt like grabbing the boy by his vest and shaking the answer out of him, but he didn’t. 
“Meet me behind the cust chucker in an hour if you want to see your fat friend” Gilly sneered as he spun round on his heels and walked off.
Logan felt like his whole world was about to fall apart, he had won Gilly twice but that did not matter. As long as his best friend was in danger, going on the tour meant nothing to him. He had to go and face the Naikers and try to save Huck, even if he had to do it alone. 
****
Everyone had left for home when Logan crossed the sport field. The Cust Chucker was pushed right up to the school building where it was stored. It looked like a giant bin on wheels with teeth. The teeth were actually scoops which rotated, scooping and chucking the cust. At the rear of the machine were several levers and buttons, which Logan assumed were the controls. He was afraid of facing the Naikers alone, but that was outweighed by what his imagination thought they had done to Huck, they could have locked him away so no-one could ever find him, they could have thrown him on a train with no way to get back home, or worse the might have beaten him until he was seriously injured. 
He reached the cust chucker and moved towards the wall, hoping to see his red-headed friend.  He slowly rounded the teeth of the chucker and peered around the machine. Lying on the ground between the chucker and the wall was Huck. Logan sighed relieved when he saw his friend was alone and seemed uninjured. His hands and feet were tied together and he had a gag in his mouth but that looked like the extent of his situation. 
Logan bolted to untie his friend. 
Huck was desperately trying to say something.
“I’m going as fast as I can” Logan said, untying his feet and then his hands.
When his hands were freed, Huck pulled the gag from his mouth like it was a lump of coal someone tried to feed him.
 “It’s a trap, they’re going to break your foot!” Huck screeched when he finally got the gag out.
“What?” 
“They’re going to break your foot so you can’t go on the tour!” Huck said 
“What?”
“Chubby said that we plan on breaking your foot,” Logan heard Gilly say from behind him. The Naikers had crept up on him while he was untying Huck.
Logan and Huck got up and turned round. In front of the cust chucker stood the four Naiker brothers. They all looked ready to jump him, all of them but Billy who was leaning on his crutch with one hand and holding a menacing club in the other. 
Logan knew that club was intended for his foot.
“You put me out of the tour, so we thought we’d return the favour,” he said slapping the club against his thigh.
Logan looked around for an escape route. He might make it past Silly, who was standing on the side of the chucker, but he seriously doubted that Huck would make it.
“It serves you right, trying to cheat us out of our candy.” Huck spat.
Huck was not afraid, he was furious. Hours of being tied up had made his blood boil, and he was ready for a fight. Logan couldn’t believe the anger in his friend voice, it sounded like he wanted to take on all four brothers without a doubt that he would win.
“Like I told Mushroom Head, I’ll be going on this tour” Gilly said as he and his brothers started closing in on Logan and Huck.
Huck lifted his fists, and Logan could see he wasn’t going to stand down, even with Billy wielding a club. They were going to have to fight to the finish, even if it meant he was to end up with a broken foot. 
 “Grab them” Billy ordered lifting the club. 
 They suddenly heard the chucker’s engines start. It roared into life so loud that all four Naikers turned round. The giant engines billowed smoke into the sky like a monster coughing out a black cloud.
Logan saw a chance to run and grabbed Huck by the arm.
The chucker’s scoops started spinning. 
The first scoops of cust fell on the ground in front of the machine but then it picked up speed until it covered the Naikers in a cloud of cust.
Logan yanked on his friend’s arm, but Huck didn’t move, he wanted to repay the Naikers for what they had done to him, but Logan kept on pulling. Huck landed a quick punch into the cloud of cust and they heard someone yelp. 
“I think I got one of them in the nose” Huck smiled.
“We have to get out of here” Logan yanked him again.
“I wonder which one?” he asked as he started to follow his friend.
The cust cloud made it impossible to see the brothers as the boys ran round the machine.
They didn’t look back, crossing the field as fast as they could. They heard the Naikers coughing in the cust. Billy was crying about something, and screaming idle threats.
When he felt they were far enough, Logan looked back to see a large cloud of cust where the chucker was standing.  Something else caught his eye, he glimpsed what looked like a dark figure moving into the shadows. This time he was sure he saw it, it was not his imagination, who was this stranger? 
****
The boys were sitting around the bakery’s kitchen table drinking milk. Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle were in the front of the shop working. This gave the boys time to swap their stories without the listening ears of grownups. 
“All four of them grabbed me before the race, I didn’t even have time to put up a fight, and they had my hands tied in a second” Huck explained. 
Logan heard his friend speak but he was not listening, he was thinking of something else.
“Hey, where are you, buddy?” Huck asked “You’ve got the look of a coal carter eating a Goodpie, you know trying to put his mind on anything but the taste”
“Sorry” Logan said “but last night when Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert acted so strangely I saw them looking at a man across the street, and today when the chucker mysteriously started by itself, I swear I saw him again.”
“Do you think he helped us?” Huck asked.
“I don’t know, he doesn’t look like the helping kind” 
“What did he look like?”
“I’m not sure, he was very tall and wore a black coat, but that’s all I could make out.” 
“Well I don’t care, man in black or not, we were lucky to get out of that.”
“If I didn’t drag you away, you would still be there, fighting.” Logan said with a chuckle.
“Hey my blood was up, what did you expect? After what they did, at least I got revenge on one of them”
“You know what this means?”
“I sure do.”
 “We just have to stay away from the station side of town for a few days.”
“Yes.”
“Once we leave for the tour we’ll be free, with Billy and Gilly not going, and I doubt Willy will try to take us on, on his own. We just need something to keep us busy for the next few days” Logan said.
“I can think of hundreds of things to do.”
“Well, is this one of them…?” Logan said removing the box from underneath the table where he was hiding it.
Huck was clearly excited.
“I completely forgot about it.”
The boys looked over their shoulders to see if the adults were still in the shop. They could see Aunt Belle standing at the counter with her back towards them. Uncle Herbert was not visible which meant that he was most probably packing the shelves with loafs.
“Do you want to open it?” Logan asked.
“No way, not after what happened the last time.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to do it.” 
Logan tore the open corner completely opening the box.
Nothing happened.  There was no green glow or anything.
Logan turned the box over and three green stones fell onto the table. 
Except for being bright they were not really that remarkable, they were a little smaller than golf balls, and shiny enough to see your reflection in them.
“Whoop-ti-do” Huck said sarcastically. “Someone sent us a box of rocks.”
“There has got to be more to it than that.” Logan said picking up the rocks, getting a better look.
They heard someone coming through the door and Logan quickly hid the rocks in his pocket.
“What are you two still doing up?” Aunt Belle asked the boys.
Her yellow ribbon was tied low on her fountain, and to Huck this meant she was in a good mood.
“But we’re on vacation Aunt Belle, we can stay up late, and sleep till dusk.” 
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” she said.
“What?” Huck enquired.  
Logan suddenly had nagging sensation running around in the back of his head, something you know you have to do, but just can’t remember at that precise moment. 
“You boys have to be up bright and early to fetch Zoey from the station.” she answered.
Zoey was the last member of the Funnybread & Goodpie family, she had been attending the Glickenswitch School for Young Ladies for a few years. With all the excitement of the last days the boys had completely forgotten that she was coming home to spend the holiday in Wattville.
The boys went as pale as the flour on Aunt Belle’s apron.
An encounter with the Naikers was inevitable if they had to go to the station.
“What’s wrong, it looks like the two of you saw a ghost?” she asked.
“Nothing” they said in unison. 
But it wasn’t nothing, it was something very serious. If they ran into the Naikers it would be a very dangerous and even painful encounter.

Chapter Four – Zoey

Dark, cust filled streams flowed down the streets into the gutters. Coal carters were waiting for the first coal train of the day, Old Man Dingle opened the post office door from his chair and wheeled back inside, clearly disgusted with the few rain drops that wet his beard.
On the corner of Main Road and Black Street you could see a boy take a quick peek around the corner. 
Logan and Huck were both wearing raincoats, their hoods pulled over their heads. Logan’s hood didn’t fit too well, his hair was doing its best to escape from the sides. 
He had another quick peek around the corner.
“I don’t see them” he said
“Of course you don’t see them, they’re on holiday and are most probably still sleeping, like we should be doing” Huck said.
“I hope so, I don’t want to go home with a broken foot.”
“Me neither.” Huck said “I can’t believe that we forgot about Zoey, I can barely remember what she looks like.”
Zoey used to share a room with Aunt Belle. On her tenth birthday she boarded a train for the Glickenswitch School for Young Ladies, and the boys hadn’t seen her since. That was two years ago. She used to be a lot of fun, but also very mischievous, she could get them in more trouble in two minutes that the boys could in weeks. They knew when the corners of her mouth curled up into a playful smile it was just a question of time before she would get them all into a pickle. Funnily enough Zoey never received any of the blame for her crazy ideas, she always accused the boys of not executing her plans correctly. According to her reasoning if the boys don’t follow her plans to the letter it would always lead to a catastrophe. This of course was never the way the boys saw her crazy schemes. They knew her plans would get them into trouble but they loved following them because they were always much better than anything they could think up. They loved seeing her creative ways of getting in and out of trouble.
Unfortunately the Glickenswitch School for Young Ladies had a tendency to change fun little girls into whining little ladies.  Elly Whittle went to the Glickenswitch School for Young Ladies for a few years, and when she returned she was so prim and proper, you’d believe she was the queen of Wattville. She complained about the weather, the cust and everything else she could think of. She drove the entire town crazy, looking down her nose at them. All of Wattville was ecstatic the day Elly Whittle boarded the train to go to the Glickenswitch School for Young Women. 
 Huck never understood why Aunt Belle sent Zoey away. The three children were the unstoppable Funnybread and Goodpie kids. Aunt Belle reasoned it was very important that Zoey receive a proper education, and spend time away from the hooligan boys and their mischievous ways (even it half of the mischievous ideas were Zoey’s in the first place). 
Why she had to go away for so long, was another mystery. They had missed her these two years, and now the fear of having their feet broken was outweighed by the thought of seeing the long lost member of their trio. 
“I hope she didn’t turn into a proper little lady like Elly Whittle” Huck said hugging the wall, trying to be invisible.
“You know she isn’t like that” 
“I heard the girls don’t get food, if they don’t act all ladylike”
“Then you wouldn’t have lasted long there.” Logan teased.
“Nope, I would have been the most ladylike boy in all of Wattville” Huck chuckled. 
“How could we forget that she was coming today?” 
“Aunt Belle never told us what day she was coming. She only said she’d be home for school vacation.” 
“It’s a shame we are going on tour, we’re going to miss half her visit” Logan said.
“At least she’ll still be here when we get back.”
“But first we have to survive picking her up” Logan said as he watched a truck approach them.
The boys started running next to the truck, hiding them from the station side of the road, and more importantly the Naiker house. As it passed the post office the boys dashed across the street and hunched down, under its teary eyed windows. Huck stuck his head around the corner and had a look at the station.
“So far so good,” he whispered 
They heard the train’s whistle blow as it left the station. 
“If she was on that train she should be on the platform” Logan said.
“We just have to get through the station” Huck said “I just hope she doesn’t have too much luggage.”
The thought of carrying heavy luggage all the way home was unpleasant, but the thought of running with heavy luggage, while the Naikers were chasing you, seemed disastrous.
The boys hugged the walls, sneaking towards the station. They reached the door and saw that there was no one there. They slipped inside. 
They started to move towards the door of the landing, when they heard the voice of a girl talking to somebody.
“Thank you, kind sir for offering to walk me home, but I’m waiting for my cousins,” the girl’s voice said.  
‘That can’t be Zoey’ Logan thought, she would never call anybody ”kind sir”. Maybe the Glickenswitch School for Young ladies did change her.
The boys moved closer to the door when, to their horror, they heard Gilly’s voice.
“And who might they be, pretty lady?” he asked in his most flattering voice.
The boys’ hearts stopped, and they both thought ‘Please don’t answer him, please don’t answer him.’ The boys felt like time had slowed down when they heard the words leave the girl’s mouth.
“Harold” slowly.
“Huckleby” slower.
“and” slower.
“Logan” slower.
“Artun” full stop.
The boys peeked through the door. Gilly had a smile on his face. He noticed them and his smile turned into a smirk. 
 Zoey was wearing a school uniform with a green skirt, white shirt, a green pullover and brightly polished brown shoes. She was the same age as the boys, and had emerald green eyes, almost the same colour as her pullover. Her hair was brown and hung down her back. In one hand she had an umbrella and next to her on the floor was a large brown bag. If the boys were inclined to notice and not terrified, they would have realised that Zoey had become a very attractive girl.
“Thank you,” he said to Zoey, then turned and ran towards his house.
“Why are you thanking me?” she asked surprised “and why are you running away?”
When she turned, Logan and Huck were standing next to her.  Huck was already picking up her bag. She grabbed it, not recognising her cousin.
“Let go of my bag” she yelled.
But he kept on trying to pick it up so she hit him over the head with her umbrella. Huck looked at her in surprise and dropped the bag.
“You can carry it then” he said.
“Who are you?” she asked.
“It’s us Zoey, Logan and Huck” Logan said nervously. 
“You two look completely different. Logan you’ve stretched and Huck you’ve also grown, be it round the middle” she said teasing.
The boys did not respond, their minds locked on where Gilly ran off to.  
“Well, don’t I get a, hello Zoey, we missed you, or even a hug.” she said smiling.
“No time, we have to go” Logan was trying to push her towards the door. “That guy you were talking to, he...”
“Yes, did you two scare that nice boy away?” she interrupted.
“We didn’t scare him away, and he’s not that nice” Huck said picking up her bag again. It was quite heavy and Huck thought ‘this thing is going to get my bones broken’ as he swung it over his shoulder and started walking.
“Why is he running away from you two? And why are you acting so strange?” Zoey persisted.
“He’s not running away, he’s fetching his brothers” Logan quickly answered one of her questions.
“Why is he doing that?” she asked again.
Huck who was already half way to the door turned round.
“That boy and his brothers want to break Logan’s foot. So, now we run, and talk later”. He turned and went through the station door.
“Why would he want to do something like that? He seemed like a gentleman, and a gentleman wouldn’t do something like that” 
“Zoey, please trust us, we have to get out of here and we have to do it fast.”
Zoey gave the two boys a quick stare and then decided to follow them off the platform.
“This is very exciting, I see things haven’t changed much.” She said as they entered the building.
  They sneaked through the station without saying a word.  When they exited the Station they saw the Naiker boys coming up the street. Each one of them had a club in the hand, with Billy stumbling along on crutches behind his brothers. His foot was still in a cast but he had a new addition to his face, a white bandage over his nose. Huck couldn’t help but crack a smile, at least now he knew who he had hit when he struck that cloud of cust.
Silly’s club looked more of an odd shaped twig, but he carried it like he was convinced that he was just as tough as his big brothers. 
Logan knew the Naikers would cut them off if they tried to get to Main Road.“We have to go down Station Road” Zoey interrupted his train of thought.
“No way” Huck interjected. “I’ll rather take the Naikers than go through Blackstone”.
They stood there for a second, the Naikers closing in on them, just staring at each other, hoping someone else would come up with a better plan.
A smile cracked Zoey’s face - it was just like old times, Logan thought. It was that smile she always had on her face just before she got them in trouble.
“What are you smiling about?” Huck asked. 
Zoey started moving towards Station Road.
“How bad can it be?” she asked.
“Very bad” Huck whispered.
“You boys weren’t afraid of anything. Have things changed so much? It’s just a scary place, and if you don’t think it’s scary then it isn’t” she said turning into the road.
Logan and Huck looked at each other for a stunned second until Huck broke the silence.
“Did you get any of that?”
“Not a clue.” Logan said shaking his head while he watched Zoey stride down the road. “It’s scary for a reason, duh.”
“Yeah” is al Huck could get out.
Logan looked at Huck then he looked down the street towards the approaching Naikers. He looked back at Huck and shrugged his shoulders, because they didn’t have a choice. Huck just shook his head like this was another one of Zoey’s crazy ideas. Then they both turned and started following her towards Station Road.
Every town has a place like Blackstone. The old part of town, the place where it always seems darker than it really is, the place where people don’t talk to each other, not because they are unfriendly but because they are afraid. Afraid of the shadows, and the dangers hidden within the darkness they cast. The clouds were always thicker here and the rain was always colder. Blackstone was named after the black sandstone that was used to build the area, it was the only place in all of Wattville where you didn’t notice the cust because everything here was black. 
The trio had reached the first black stone building and they saw the Naikers had stopped at the street corner. They seemed hesitant to follow. 
Silly looked terrified and it was clear that nothing was going to convince him to go into Blackstone. He looked at his big brothers and said something. Logan couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he noticed they weren’t following them into Blackstone, he could also see they were not going to let him and his friends out of Blackstone either. Not along this route, anyway.
It was early morning but in Blackstone it was as dark as night. Logan, Huck and Zoey walked deeper into the darkness. Zoey, the original brave one, had tucked herself in between the boys. Logan was in the lead and Huck was bringing up the rear. All three walked very close to each other, not looking up.
“They’re not following us.” Logan whispered from the front.
“I didn’t think they were that stupid,” Huck added. “Not as stupid as us anyway…. Zoey you haven’t even been home for ten minutes and already you have us following the stupidest idea…” he stopped talking as an old man dressed in rags walked by hissing to himself.
“Ever.” he finished when the man was out of earshot.
“Be quiet Huck” she whispered “don’t draw any attention to us.”
They kept their eyes on the ground, walking like zombies in the darkness. There was a faint clank coming from Logan’s pocket.
“What’s that noise?” Zoey whispered.
“It’s me, I’ve got rocks in my pocket.” Logan replied.
“You have what?” Zoey was stunned. 
“You still have them with you?” Huck asked.
“I forgot to take them out last night.” 
“I don’t care what they are, just make them quiet.” Zoey whispered.
Logan removed the stones from his pocket and gave one to Zoey.
“If you each take one, they won’t clank against each other.”
When he gave Huck his stone he saw a familiar dark figure, move into the shadows behind them. He looked forward again. ‘It can’t be’ he thought. He looked back again and the figure was gone. 
“I think he’s following us.” Logan said.
“Who?” Zoey asked.
“The Dark Man.” 
“Are you sure?” Huck asked.
“He was just behind you when I gave you your stone, now he’s gone.”
“Who’s the Dark Man?” Zoey whispered.
“He’s this man that we think has been following us for the last few days.” 
Logan looked over his shoulder again, and saw the Dark Man hiding in the shadows, but this time he was much closer. Logan squeezed the green stone in his hand and for some reason it calmed him. 
“He’s right behind us” Logan whispered. 
At that same moment Huck and Zoey also started squeezing their stones. The stone started to heat up in Logan’s hand. He didn’t have to ask the other two, he sensed they had the same feeling in their hands. He looked down and saw green light shining from the cracks between his fingers. The same light was breaking through the cracks of the other two’s fingers. Then he saw the Dark Man put his hand on Huck’s shoulder.
“Stop Children” the Dark Man ordered loudly, piercing the silence.
Logan felt Zoey grab his hand, he knew Huck was holding her other hand. 
They started running. 
The Dark Man ordered them to stop once more, but after that they didn’t know what happened. 
They were running through alleys, under bridges, over bridges. They had no idea where they were going but they were running fast. Much faster than Huck usually ran. Logan didn’t know about Zoey, but he knew Huck could never run this fast especially while he was lugging Zoey’s heavy bag on his shoulder.
Finally, they ran themselves down a dead end. They looked around with no idea where they were or how to get home. The stood in stunned silence for a few seconds until Zoey broke it.
“What just happened?” 
“It’s the rocks” Huck answered.
All three looked at the rocks in their hands. They were still glowing but not as bright.
“The same thing happened the other day when Logan was racing Gilly,” he continued.
They were still looking at the stones when a raspy voice spoke to them. It was a filthy man dressed in rags. He was holding a large knife and was pointing it towards the children’s hands.
“Mighty pretty stones you have there” he said walking closer. “Old Rusty reckons they might be worth something and he might help himself to them. He reckons you should hand those stones over to him before something terrible might befall you young’uns.” He held the knife to his neck and made a cutting motion, demonstrating how he would slit their throats. 
“I’ll also have that bag you’re carrying big boy” he said to Huck who dropped Zoey’s bag immediately.
The children stood terrified, holding each other’s hands. Rusty held out his hand waiting for the stones, but the children were frozen solid. He moved closer, until they could smell his putrid breath.
“Rusty will just have to take them then, if you don’t want to give them” he said pointing the knife towards Zoey’s throat.
 The stones felt like they were on fire in the children’s hands. Logan still couldn’t move and he felt like he was about to faint. Rusty’s knife was dangerously close to Zoey’s throat. His blood felt like it was draining from his head. His brain rampaged through ideas, trying to think of a way to save himself and his friends. What could they do? 
The light escaping from the cracks between their fingers became intensely bright. Rusty took a step back.
“What’s this?”
The light became bright beams that focussed on Rusty. The mugger was terrified.
“Rusty is backing away from the young’uns, you can put your nice green rocks away now, no harm will come to you” he said stumbling backwards.
The ground underneath his feet started to move like something was trying to escape from it. 
“Oh no. Please! Rusty is really sorry.” 
Suddenly a giant green flame erupted from the ground underneath Rusty, swallowing him completely. 
The flame continued upwards like a great green tower. The children had no control over their bodies as they stood before the fire. There was no heat coming from the flames, it had an inviting look to it, and the children felt like a part of them wanted to walk into the fire. They felt their heads start to swirl and they could feel the touch of unconsciousness waiting for them. Their bodies were standing still but their minds were going into the flames.
Before Logan fainted he could have sworn he saw the Dark Man standing behind the towering green fire.
“Nooooooooo” The Dark Man yelled.

Chapter Five – The Dark Man

The room had many windows, all of them with amazing views. You could almost see all of Azania from those windows. There were mountain ranges, rivers, forests as far as the eye could see. But there was one mountain in particular. A solitary mountain was barely visible in the distance. The man had a neatly trimmed beard, and curly brown hair down to his shoulders. He was tall and draped in furry animal skins covering a muscular body.  He was purposefully watching the mountain, through the snow blowing against the window. A strange sensation started running up his spine. It started as a tickle but quickly became painful, so painful that he dropped the animal furs draped around his shoulders. He was wearing a sleek black tunic and pants, on his feet were soft handcrafted black leather boots. He stretched his arms in pain, covering his forearms were black leather armbands. The pain held for another second and then like it began it disappeared with a tickle again. 
Suddenly there was a knock at the door and he turned. The large room was circular, the walls were made out of grey sandstone, and the floor was dark wood. 
“Enter” he said facing the door.
The door opened to reveal an elegant woman with long blond hair, wearing a silky blue robe that stretched down to her ankles. 
“Lady Karin” he greeted her tilting his head.
“Lord Mornus” she returned the gesture.
Lady Karin was about to say something but was cut off by Lord Mornus.
“I felt it too” he said with a calm demeanour.
Footsteps could be heard running towards the room. A man dressed in the same fashion as Lord Mornus entered, he was not as tall as Mornus, but a lot stockier. The man was followed by two giant dogs. They were dark brown, with a red glint to their short pelts, and they stood the height of the man’s hips. Their faces were black and their noses short and round. The man stopped in front of Mornus and the dogs sat down at his side.
“They’ve been united” he said breathlessly. 
“We know, Lord Etan” Karin said.
“The Children of Capria have been united” Mornus said more to himself than to the others. 
“Can you sense where they are?” he asked Karin.
“Yes, but it’s not here. It’s a strange land. I don’t even think it is part of this world.” she answered. 
“Can you open a gate to there?” Mornus asked.
“Yes, but it will take a lot out of me” she answered.
“Open it” he ordered. He looked at Etan and said “fetch a garing.”
Etan looked at his dogs and nodded his head. The dogs left the room.
“How close will you be able to get the garing to the children” Mornus asked Karin.
“Not very close. I can open a gate to where they united, the garing will have to track them further.” she replied.
“Then do it.”
Lady Karin opened the palm of her right hand and started moving it in a circular motion. It was as if the air around her hand started to bend and slowly illuminated itself, changing into specks of light. The light crackled and formed a round disc in front of her. The disc grew until it seemed to be standing upright from the floor. 
“It’s almost open” she said.
“How long till your hounds return?” Mornus asked Lord Etan. “We don’t have much time”
“They will be here shortly” 
“Will the garing know what to do?”
“Yes.” 
The disc in front of Lady Karin had started to form a cone, a cone that lead into a never ending tunnel of light. 
“It’s open” Lady Karin said.
The two dogs entered the room again and sat down next to their master. They were followed by a wolf. It had a sharp mouth with foam and drool dripping from it. Its fur was long, grey and filthy. 
Lord Mornus looked at the garing.
“Do not return if you fail.” he ordered it.
The garing made a deep growling sound and showed its teeth to Lord Mornus. It hunched down and jumped into the cone of light. The cone closed with a loud crack and disappeared with the garing. Lady Karin stumbled when the gate closed, Etan caught her before she fainted.
 The crackling stopped and the room fell silent.
****
When Logan woke he was surprised to find that he was lying in his own bed.  Uncle Herbert’s extra thick, snore proof windows were dark and he knew the sun had set. Huck and Zoey were waking up on Uncle Herbert’s bed. Logan sat up with a start, suddenly realising what had happened. He opened his hand and saw that his stone was gone. 
“It’s gone” he said
“What?” Huck asked, still a little groggy.
“My green rock.” 
Huck and Zoey had the same reaction when they realised what Logan was talking about. They both checked to see that their stones were also gone. 
“What happened?” Zoey asked.
“I don’t know” Logan replied.
For some reason Huck was still looking at his arm, not partaking in the conversation. 
“What did you two get me into?” Zoey scolded more than added. “I haven’t been home more than an hour and already we’ve been chased, almost killed and burned alive.”
“I don’t know” Logan repeated. “I don’t understand any of this. How did we get home?”
“My arm, look at my arm,” Huck said.
On his forearm was a thick brown line that ended in a triangle at his wrist, like an arrow’s head. Huck licked it and rubbed it. He licked it again, and worriedly tried to rub it off with his pullover.
“It’s not coming off. Aunt Belle is going to kill me, when she sees this.”
“Look. It’s on both your arms” Zoey said.
And there it was, on Huck’s other arm was an identical mark. 
“Oh no, that’s even worse” Huck said still frantically trying to get the brown marks off. 
Zoey looked at her arms and was relieved not to find any marks on them. She showed her arms to the boys. 
“Well, at least I’m clean.” she said happily.
Logan noticed something but it was not on her arm.
“Look at your hand.” he said.
Zoey looked at the hand the stone had been in which was clean but in the palm of her right hand was a dark brown spiral.
“Oh no,” she said also trying to rub off her mark.
Logan knew why his friends were so concerned.  If the marks were permanent they would go through the same teasing he had gone through his entire life. He started rolling up his sleeve to have a look at his own mark.
“Look at this” he said surprised.
The other two looked up and saw that the red wing shaped birthmark on Logan’s arm, had changed from dark red to the same brown colour as their marks. None of them said a word, too shocked to think of anything except how bizarre this day had been. The room was quiet, the only sounds were the trickle of adult voices coming from downstairs.
****
In Blackstone in a dead end alleyway, sat a filthy man mumbling to himself.
“Can’t even do a bit of honest thieving nowadays. Rusty just wanted them pretty rocks. Them pretty green rocks. No reason to shoot him up in the air with a green fire, no reason to almost scare the life out of him.”
He heard a crackling sound and looked up from where he was sitting. A dot of light appeared in the middle of the alley. The light changed into a large disc and then into a cone. 
“What now? I’ll change my ways, I’ll even give up thieving.” Rusty mumbled, terrified.
When the cone finished forming, a filthy grey wolf jumped out of it and the cone disappeared with a loud crack. The garing spotted the man sitting against the wall, and walked towards him snarling. Rusty pushed his back against the wall. At that moment he wished he could become one with the wall. If he could just disappear into the black stone all would be fine.  The garing moved closer, stopping with its nose so close to Rusty’s face that he could smell its foul breath. Not that it was much fouler than Rusty’s own breath. The garing’s drool dripped onto his lap as it looked into his eyes. To Rusty it almost felt as if the beast was moving around in his head, looking for something. It growled as it found what it was looking for. The Wolf sniffed Rusty and then tilted its head back, sniffing the air. It growled at Rusty once more, and then it was gone.  
As the wolf disappeared, Rusty vowed to get an honest job and leave the life of crime, nothing was worth going through this again. No, thieving will now be a thing of his past, he thought. All  of these thoughts ran around in his head while staring down the alley the garing had run down seconds ago.   
****
Logan, Huck and Zoey were sneaking down the stairs. They had heard the hushed voices from downstairs, and decided to investigate. Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle were never this quiet when they were in the kitchen. The kitchen was a place for hard work and loud laughter, but tonight it was hushed. The adults were speaking in the manner you do when you don’t want others to hear. Logan was in the lead, he stopped at the bottom of the stairs to peek into the kitchen, but what he saw made him stumble back into Huck and Zoey.
“What?” Huck whispered.
“It’s the Dark Man, he’s sitting in the kitchen.” 
Logan didn’t know what to think any more, the man that almost attacked them in Blackstone, was now sitting in their kitchen. He hurriedly tried pushing his friends back up the stairs, but in the process he stepped on Zoey’s foot, and she let out a short yelp before she could stop herself. The three froze where they stood, hoping the adults didn’t hear.  They waited for a while, nothing. They slowly started moving back up the stairs.
“Come in children, don’t be afraid” Uncle Herbert said in his familiar friendly voice. 
Usually when someone says don’t be afraid, it’s a reason to be more afraid especially with the mysterious figure sitting in their kitchen.
They hesitantly stuck their heads around the corner. But before they could do anything Aunt Belle had scooped all three them off their feet and given them a big hug. She didn’t say anything she just squeezed them like someone who thought they lost something and found it again. After a while Huck started going blue in the face. 
“I can’t breathe Aunt Belle” he barely got the words out.
She smiled and put the boys down, but she just kept on hugging Zoey.
“My sweetheart, I’ve missed you so” she said to Zoey, “You have no idea how much we have been looking forward to seeing you” suddenly there was a glint of sadness in her eyes “and now I must let you go again”
“What do you mean, let her go?” Huck asked surprised.
Uncle Herbert stood up from the kitchen table.
“Sit down children” he said.
But they did not sit down, they only stared at the Dark Man, sitting at the table. 
“There is no reason to be afraid” he said.
They did not move, still staring at the Dark man. He was not wearing a hat and his coat collar was rolled down, revealing long black hair and piercing blue eyes.
“This is our very dear friend Arros. He was the one that brought you home.” 
They slowly sat down but they were still wary of the stranger, keeping their eyes fixed on him.
“What did you mean, let her go Aunt Belle?” Huck asked.
“You all have to go” Uncle Herbert answered.
“Where? We don’t understand” Logan asked.
“It will all become clear in time” Arros said calmly. He had the voice of a man with authority, it was confident and clear, as if he was used to people listening to what he said and more important, doing what he said.
“We can’t go anywhere” Logan defied the stranger’s authority.  “Me and Huck still have to go on the tour, we can’t let our town down.”
“I know you worked hard to go on the tour, but it’s dangerous for you to stay here my children” Aunt Belle said sitting down next to Zoey, taking her hand.
“Why?” Huck asked.
“There are people that do not want you to return home” Arros answered.
“We are home” Logan said. 
“This is not your home, young lord” Arros said.
Logan sat back confused, this stranger called him lord. Why would anybody call a boy that lived in a bakery, lord? 
“Tonight you will all leave with me” Arros continued. 
“Are Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert coming too?” Huck asked.
“No” Arros answered.
“Then I’m not going” Zoey said stubbornly. “I’ve been gone for two years and now you want to ship me off again. I’m not leaving.”
“It is not your decision to make” Arros said.
Aunt Belle squeezed Zoey’s hand and looked her in the eyes. Tears were welling, she was very close to crying.
“You must all leave with Arros tonight sweetheart. I know you don’t understand, but you must go. I promise you will see us again.” 
Zoey started crying. Logan felt the tears build in his own eyes, and he could see the same happening to Huck. He didn’t want to leave this place where he’d been happy for so long, and he didn’t want to leave with a stranger that he didn’t trust.
Uncle Herbert was about to say something but suddenly stopped. He tilted his head back and sniffed the air.
Terror shot across his face as he realised what it was.
“A garing” he said to Arros.
Arros jumped out of his seat, and started to remove his trench coat. Aunt Belle grabbed the children and pushed them behind her, so she was standing between them and the front door. 
When Arros’ trench coat dropped to the floor, the children could see that his clothes almost looked like those the people wore in the movies about knights and wizards. But his clothes weren’t the most interesting thing. Strapped to his hip was a sword, with a wide blade that ran almost all the way down his leg. 
The window burst in thousands of shards of glass, as a large wolf jumped through it. 
It growled at Arros but it was looking at the children standing in the back. 
Arros swung his great sword at the wolf but it ducked and the blade sliced through the air where its head had been.  
The wolf jumped at Arros who blocked it with the hilt of the sword causing both of them to fall to the ground. While Arros scrambled to get back to his feet the wolf moved towards the children. 
Uncle Herbert stepped in its way and clasped his hands together in front of his chest. 
The air around him started to brighten and he closed his eyes and bowed his head. 
The wolf jumped at him biting his arm but Uncle Herbert did not unclasp his hands. He stood his ground like a stone not moving or showing any pain. Nothing could force him from the task he was performing.
Arros got up and struck the wolf with his sword, slicing through its fur. The wolf let go of Uncle Herbert and checked its wound. It was a deep cut but for some reason it was not bleeding.
The light around Uncle Herbert formed into two large dogs. They stood as high as Uncle Herbert’s hips and had a red glint to their short brown pelts. 
The dogs were still forming when the wolf jumped over Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle knocking Huck down and landing on his chest. It snarled as it looked into Huck’s eyes. Since his run in with Jaws Huck had been terrified of dogs and this wolf was more than menacing enough to strengthen his terror. It looked into his eyes for one more second, like it was trying to identify him, and then it looked up at Logan. It hunched down preparing to jump.
Just as it launched itself Uncle Herbert’s two dogs attacked it from the side. The dogs tumbled to the ground in a ball of fur and snarling teeth. 
Arros and Uncle Herbert moved in between the children, the battle ensuing in front of them.  If the garing broke free, it would have to come through them, before it would get to Logan and his friends. 
While Huck was getting up, Logan noticed that marks exactly like Huck’s had formed on Uncle Herbert’s forearms.
The dogs backed the wolf into a corner. They were about to pounce on it again when the wolf released an earth shattering growl. As the noise thundered through the room the wolf started to grow until it had doubled in size. 
Aunt Belle turned to Zoey and looked her in the eyes. 
“You have to lead them out of here” she said.
“How?” Zoey asked with tears running down her cheeks.
Aunt Belle removed a red amulet from her pocket, and clasped it between her hands. She blew into the hole between her clasped hands, as if she was trying to warm the amulet.
She opened her hands, and the children saw she had the same spiral mark as Zoey in her palm. 
She hung the amulet around Zoey’s neck.
“Follow it and lead the others out of here” she said to Zoey. 
A line of smoke formed in front of Zoey’s eyes. The line went from the kitchen, through the shop and out of the front door.
“Can you see it?” Aunt Belle asked her.
“Yes” she answered surprised.
“Then go!” Aunt Belle ordered.
Arros was standing right behind Zoey now.
“Don’t be afraid, I’m right behind you.” he said.  
But neither Zoey nor the boys moved, they were frozen in place and had their eyes set on Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle blocking them from the wolf.
Uncle Herbert turned to the children. 
“Don’t worry about us. We will see you again” he yelled.
Logan didn’t want to leave the people he loved so much at the mercy of a giant beast. He wanted to say goodbye on his own terms, not in the middle of all this madness. 
He felt Arros put his hand on his shoulder.
“We have to go. Herbert and Belle will be safe, they're more than a match for the garing.” he assured the boy. “You have to trust us”
He pointed his sword to the door. “Zoey, you in front” he said “follow the line to the gate”
She followed the ribbon of smoke, through the front door and down the street. The line went down several blocks until she finally saw a cone of light floating in the air in front of her.
“There it is” she said.
“I don’t see anything” Huck said.
“It’s there” Arros said “just keep on following her.”
Logan saw Zoey, then Arros, and then Huck disappear in front of his eyes.
Then he was in a tunnel of light moving through the air with his friends and Arros. 

Chapter Six – Azania

It was dark in the land of Azania, the sun had set hours ago. The First Moon was high in the sky, and the Second Moon was just making its appearance on the horizon. When it did it would be midnight. On a hill overlooking the Valley of Glaad Eneen stood a large pine tree, judging from the pine needles on the ground it had been there for a long time. 
A spot of light appeared next to the tree, the spot grew into a disc and then into a cone. A girl dressed in a school uniform fell out of the cone, followed by a tall man with a sword, then a round redheaded freckled boy and finally a tall boy with curly brown hair.
They all gathered around the tall man and started firing questions at him in panicked voices.
“What happened?” Logan asked.
“What was that wolf?” Huck asked.
“Where are we?” Zoey asked.
“How do we get home?” Logan asked   
Arros stood assessing the questions coming from the young mouths.
“Where are we?” Huck asked. 
 “Will Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle be all right?” Logan asked. 
Arros finally had a Question he could answer.
“No harm will come to your Uncle and Aunt” he said.
“How do you know?” Zoey asked.
“There is much more to the two of them than you think.” Arros continued.  “Trust me, they can take care of themselves.”
“Why should we trust you?” Huck asked.
“There is no reason for you to trust me, other than your guardians chose me to be your guide” he answered.
“Guide to where?” Zoey asked. 
“Capria” 
“What’s Capria? Where are we?” Zoey asked.
Arros held up his hand.
“No more questions” he said. “All will become clear in time.”
Logan wanted to ask one more question but Arros raised his hand again cutting him off. 
Arros walked towards the tree and started bunching pine needles together until he had formed what looked like a large pine needle bed.
“First you must sleep. We’ll talk again tomorrow.” 
Strangely, Zoey found a spot on the bed and fell asleep straight away. The boys had all the questions they wanted answered and were too excited to sleep. Arros climbed the pine tree. Logan looked up at the man in the tree.
“Aren’t you going to sleep” he asked.
“Go to sleep, I’ll keep watch.” He found a spot where he could see everything around the hill.
Zoey’s eyes were closed and she was already sleeping, Huck’s eyes were wide open with excitement, and Logan wondered how Zoey could just pass out after what they just went through, all he wanted to do was talk to Huck about it. But when he looked at Arros sitting up in the tree he knew it would not be a good idea. He lay on the ground looking at the branches, thinking of all the questions he wanted to ask Arros in the morning when he too, strangely, also started drifting off into sleep.
****
The round room was quiet except for the crackle coming from the fireplace. Lord Mornus was staring out of the window into the darkness. The snow had stopped and you could see the dim glow of villages scattered across the landscape. 
Etan entered the room followed by his dogs. 
“The Garing has failed” he said.
Lord Mornus did not turn round when he heard the news but only kept on staring out of the window.
“It has been destroyed. I do not know what happened to the children” Etan continued.
“They have returned” Mornus said “I can sense it” 
He turned to face Etan. He looked deep in thought and very concerned as he walked over to the fireplace and sat down on one of the two chairs in front of the fire. He motioned to Etan who took a seat with his dogs at his feet.
“Has Lady Karin recovered?” Mornus asked.
“No” Etan answered. “She will need to rest for a while”. 
Mornus nodded his head in understanding. 
“When she is ready you must leave” he said.
Etan said nothing.
“Ride to the edge of the Plains of Holderum where the three rivers meet. There you will find Dralor.” 
Etan nodded his head.
“His speed is a necessity.  We will require his creatures of the night and his network of agents to find them as quickly as possible. When he does, he must notify the warders to deal with the children, I do not care at what lengths he has to go to but I want those children dead.” Mornus continued. 
“Understood” Etan said.  
The two men stared into the fire without saying another word as people do who have an understanding for each other and the task at hand.
****
When he awoke the first thing he saw was a giant mountain in the distance. He could not believe the beauty of the place he found himself in. The sky was blue and the ground was covered in grass, something that he had seen in books but never in Wattville. He saw forests and trees and blue rivers in the valley. The river that flowed through Wattville was many colours but never blue. He looked at the mountain again; he could not take his eyes off it. 
“Capria” he heard Arros say.
The boys were looking out over the valley when Arros came to stand behind them.
“That’s home” he continued.
“You mean you live in that mountain?” Huck asked.
“No” he replied “That is your home. That is where we must return.”
“Wattville is our home” Huck said.
Arros face saddened as he looked at the boys.
“Your real home is Capria, that other place is where you were hidden.”
“Hidden from what?” Logan asked.
Arros shook his head and Logan knew he would not get an answer from the man. 
“We must wait for Zoey to wake.” Arros said changing the subject.
The boys were up when the first rays of daylight shone on them, excited to see their surroundings but Zoey slept like someone without a care in the world. Huck wanted to go wake her up but Arros stopped him by putting his hand on his shoulder.
“Let her sleep. She needs rest after guiding us through the gate” he said.
“The gate?” Logan asked. “You mean the tunnel of light” he answered himself.
Arros nodded.  
“Finding the gate drained a lot of her energy” he said.  
The boys did not understand what the man meant but they knew it would be no use asking him.
“Well, speaking of drained energy. I’m starving” Huck said.
“When she awakes…..”
He was interrupted by a rustle from Zoey who turned to open her eyes into slits looking at them.
“No need to wait any more. I’m starving too” she said yawning. 
She still looked a bit groggy but got up and walked to the others. She had leaves in her ruffled hair and her school uniform was all wrinkled. She straightened herself up but looked displeased with the result.
“This will not do” she said.
There was a moment of silence as they realised what she had just said and then Huck started laughing.
“What?” she asked him.
“Look around you, where we are and what’s happened?” he said
She did, seeing the sights the boys were admiring a few minutes ago. 
“Where are we?” she asked.
“This is Azania” Arros told her, waving his arm over the lands below.
She stood mesmerized for a second, taking in the splendour around her. She stopped when she saw the mountain but before she could ask Huck answered her.
“Capria” he said 
“That’s supposed to be our home” Logan added.
Zoey looked confused as if she could not believe it.
“In time you will understand” Arros said, anticipating her next question. 
He started walking, not waiting for the children to follow him. They stood looking at each other wondering how Arros could just leave without an explanation. When Zoey shook the leaves out of her hair and started running after the tall man, the boys realized they had better do the same. 
****
On the great plains of Holderum rode a woman on a horse, followed by three dogs. The plains were covered in ankle high grass and stretched as far as the eye could see. North of the plains lay a wall of mountains, the Drakentande and far to the south was The Sea of Wondering. The lady and the dogs were moving west towards a single mountain, Capria. Behind them, to the east, stood another solitary mountain, one that looked almost identical to Capria. 
The lady reined in her horse and the great white animal started to slow down. The dogs stopped behind the horse. Two of the dogs were the same size but the one in the middle was almost twice the other’s size. The big dog walked to stand next to the horse. Before it stopped it lifted its front paws off the ground and its paws changed into hands. Its face started shifting from that of a dog into the face of a man.
Lord Etan stopped when he was standing next to Lady Karin and her horse. 
“Why the stop?” he asked her.
Lady Karin turned to face the mountain behind them.
“Mornus has not left Rylon in almost ten years” she said.
Etan also turned to look at the mountain called Rylon.
“You know he cannot leave now” Etan said. 
“It would have been easier to find them if he came along” Karin said.
“That’s true, but they have united and he must prepare.”
“I know. I just can’t help but wonder if we are doing the right thing” There was a hint of doubt in her voice. 
She turned her horse and started moving off again. Etan stood thinking as Lady Karin rode away.
“Me too” he said to himself before changing back into a dog and following Karin.
****
The children stared in awe at the sight in front of them. They couldn’t say a word, their jaws hung open and they had idiot expressions on their faces. They were standing in front of what could only be described as a forest although there was not a tree in sight, only mushrooms. They were so thick at the base that they looked like tree trunks and the domes were as big as circus tents. There was movement under these domes and they could make out what appeared to be children working. They were brightly dressed in colours of yellow, red and blue and they were all wearing bright red hats that were shaped like cones, standing straight up on their heads.
“I thought you were hungry” Arros said to the children.
He was almost half way to the forest when he noticed Logan, Huck and Zoey gawking at the sight in front of them.  
“Come on, let’s eat” he waved them closer.
Huck was the first one to move as he ran after Arros.
“Food.” he yelled to the other two.
Logan and Zoey decided to follow their chubby friend. When Logan was closer he saw that it was not children working under the mushrooms but tiny adults. They were cutting pieces off the mushrooms and loading them onto carts pulled by little ponies. All the little people had white beards that made Logan think of Old Man Dingle. They looked like a merry bunch as they worked. 
“They’re Roashroom Gnomes” Arros said to Logan before he could ask. “The big mushrooms you see are called roashrooms and are quite a delicacy in Azania” he continued “The Gnomes harvest them and sell them across the land” 
They walked to a little shop that was carved out of the front of a Roashroom plant.  The sign above the door read “Delightful Doris’s Roashroom Delights” and it was decorated in the same bright colours the Gnomes were wearing. 
Some of the Gnomes gave the group strange looks, but just carried on with their business without speaking.  Inside the shop were two tables and a counter with what appeared to be a lady gnome behind it. She did not have a beard but she had grey hair hanging out of her ears down to her shoulders. On her chin she had a mole, with more grey hair hanging down to her chest. She was half the size of Zoey.
“Odd looking bunch you are.” Delightful Doris the gnome said in a not too delightful voice. 
The Wattville three couldn’t help but smile at the remark. The tiny lady with hair growing out of her ears thought they were odd looking!
Everything in the store was tiny, from the tables to the counter. Arros had to hunch over not to bump his head on the ceiling. 
“What you want?” the lady asked abruptly.
“What you got?” Arros asked just as abruptly.
“I got fried, baked, cooked, fresh, dried, salted, unsalted, peppered, covered in garlic, covered in cheese, covered in chilli, sandwich, grilled and dilled.” She answered so quickly that they could barely hear what she said after “fresh.”
“Two fresh and two fried” Arros said.
“That’s three coppers.” she said.
Arros removed a pouch from his belt and counted out three copper pieces. 
 “Have a seat I’ll bring ‘em to you,” she said picking up the coins.
Arros led the children to the table furthest away from the counter.
“You giants have to sit on the floor. You’ll break my chairs” Doris the gnome ordered while she moved into the kitchen.
When she was gone the whole group started laughing.
“Giants” Huck said. “She called us giants”
“Doris is not too delightful” Zoey added as they all sat down on the floor.
“For a gnome she’s very delightful” Arros said “and she keeps her sentences short, something gnomes are not known for doing.”
“If they’re so unfriendly why do they wear such bright clothes, bright means friendly, doesn’t it?” Zoey asked.
“If it weren’t for the bright clothes I think no one would talk to them” Arros answered smiling.
“She said we were odd looking” Huck said still chuckling. “Has she ever seen what she looks like?”
“You are odd looking to them. We’ll have to get you other clothes if we want to travel through the Valley of Glaad Eneen” Arros said “You’ll draw a lot of attention.”
“What is the Valley of Glaad Eneen?” Logan asked. 
“The valley that you saw this morning is the Valley of Glaad Eneen. We have to travel through it to get to Capria.” he said. “I can answer your questions about where we travel and what you see but the questions you asked this morning about the gate and why you are here in Azania I am not allowed to answer, and they will have to wait until we reach Capria.”
“That reminds me.” Arros continued “Zoey, can you please give me the amulet that Aunt Belle gave you.” 
 “Aunt Belle gave it to me” she said stubbornly.
“She lent it to you,” Arros said in a gentle voice “and you cannot carry the burden that comes with it. In time you will, but not now. I promised to return it to Belle and no harm will come to it or you.”
“Will we see them again?” Zoey asked as she removed the amulet from her neck. She had missed Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert every day she was at Glickenswitch, and had looked forward to spending the whole vacation with them, and now she realised that she only saw them for a matter of minutes.
“That, I can also promise you.” Arros said “You might even see them sooner than you think.” He said as he stretched his arm to take the amulet from Zoey. He gently took her hand and looked at the spiral mark in her palm. 
“I want you three to keep your marks covered at all times.” he said seriously.
The boys rolled down their sleeves making their marks impossible to see but Zoey couldn’t hide hers that way.
“I don’t have gloves to cover it up with” she said.
“Always try to hold your palm to the ground so people can’t see it” Arros said.
Zoey nodded and looked at the spiral in a very self conscious manner, it was like she was contemplating what the mark meant, wondering why she had to hide it, what dangers had it brought into her life? She was still staring at it when she heard something from the kitchen and she quickly hid it under the table.  
 Doris entered the room carrying a tray much too large for a small woman like her. She had it balanced on her head, squashing her red cone hat. When she put the tray on the table, her hat popped up into a cone again.
“Eat” Doris said and went back into the kitchen.  
The tray had four large pieces of what looked like white cheese on it. Two of the pieces were slightly browned and looked as if they were fried. Huck was about to grab a piece when the smell hit him. His expression quickly changed from excitement to disgust.
“It smells awful.” he said.
“It smells like sweaty socks” Zoey said.
“Really stinky, sweaty socks” Logan added.
Arros took a knife on the table and cut the four pieces in half. He picked up a slice of fried Roashroom and took a bite, smiling.
“Well I’m hungry enough to eat it” he said chewing.
Huck slowly picked a piece up and pinched his nose close with his one hand like someone about to drink bad medicine. He took a bite and chewed it slowly. Suddenly his eyes lit up.
“It’s delicious” he said taking another bite.
Logan was sceptical, because Huck would eat anything, even really stinky sweaty socks, but he was starving so he picked up a piece and took a bite. 
“It tastes like Uncle Herbert’s bread” he said smiling.
“How do you think he got people to eat those burnt loaves he passed as bread,” Arros said “Boil some roashroom with water, drain the juice and you have something that’ll make any dish a delight.”  
“That’s his secret ingredient?”  Logan asked surprised.
 Arros smiled and nodded. 
The children ate ravenously as the delicious roashroom filled the large empty holes in their stomachs. When they finished Zoey was the first one to ask Arros a question.
“Arros, can we ask you about the wolf that attacked us in the bakery?” 
“That, I can answer.” he replied “The creature you called a wolf is a garing. It was sent to stop you returning to Capria.”
“Why?” she asked hoping that he would answer.
“I can’t answer that but if it weren’t for Herbert and his hounds we might not be sitting here” He took a bite of roashroom. “When a garing is tracking you, you seldom, if ever, get away”
“Where did those dogs come from?” Logan wanted to know.
“It’s best he tell you himself.” Arros answered.
“When?” 
“In time.” 
“That garing wolf thing almost scared me to death. And after the tussle with Mister Whittle’s dog I don’t want to see another dog or wolf for as long as I live.” Huck said.
Arros laughed loudly.
Huck was offended by the big man’s insensitive reaction to an honest fear. 
“Why are you laughing? I’ve never liked dogs and that thing was terrifying.” he said angrily.
“Sorry, it’s just that we are in the valley of Glaad Eneen” Arros said still smiling.
“So?” 
“Glaad Eneen means Dog Warriors. There are more dogs in this valley than the rest of Azania.”
Huck leaned back and rested his hands on the floor. He felt a pain in his stomach and he turned paler than the roashroom he had just eaten. The thought of travelling through a valley of dogs was the last thing he expected he would have to do.
“Don’t worry my young friend.” Arros said trying to calm Huck. “The Glaad Eneen mean you no harm and neither do their dogs.”
Huck sensed that Arros was about to say something but didn’t.
“What aren’t you telling us?” he asked concerned.
“We have to stop in Dar Glaad Eneen to buy you clothes and I have to find a man named Ulrek Honros Eneen” Arros said.
“What does Dar mean?” Huck asked.
“Village” Arros said.
“Village of the dog warriors?” Huck asked turning another shade of white. 
“Yes” Arros answered
“And Ulrek Honros?” Huck asked.
“Ulrek is just a name” Arros said.
Huck felt relieved for a second but not too long after that.
“But Honros means watcher” Arros continued.
“Ulrek watcher of dogs?” Huck said faintly.
“Yes” Arros answered.
Huck clutched his stomach and hunched over the table, the thought of all the dogs and dog people he was going to run into made him feel like he might just lose the roashrooms he had eaten.
“This is going to be fun.” he whispered sarcastically.

Chapter Seven – Dar Glaad Eneen

The three rivers roared into each other forming one gigantic foaming torrent. Hundreds of willow trees stood on the banks of the Great River.  Ancient roots protruded from the banks like white knuckles holding the trees in place. The swaying branches gently cracked and creaked in the wind, creating a sinister song with the rustle of the leaves. All the trees were situated on the banks except for one, this one tree was on a mound. Its roots covered the small hill like tendrils, spread above the soil like something underneath prevented them from entering the ground. Built in between two of the larger roots was a door, a simple wooden door. In front of the door stood a white horse, it was calmly grazing and completely oblivious to the eerie surroundings. 
 Through the door was a long dark tunnel that led to a large cavern. The cavern was part of an ancient network of caves. Hanging from the roof hidden in the dark, were millions of bats. The only light in the grotto was a single candle burning at a table around which sat two men and a woman.  One man was wearing a cape with the hood up over his head. His face was hidden in shadows as he spoke with a whispering raspy voice.
“I will do as Lord Mornus demands.” Dralor said.
“Find them and your reward will be great. Stop them and your reward will be greater” Etan said. 
“The reward is not what I seek. This is a thing that must not come to hand.” Dralor said. “The change they bring will not be good for us.”
“How long before we know where they are?” Karin asked.
“My ears are yours, Lady Karin” Dralor said as he stood up. There was a tiny hole in the cavern that led to the outside and he looked at the light that came in through it. “The sun is almost under, I will release my servants and they will find our little problem. Once they do they will inform one of my agents and he will take care of the problem. So to answer your question; not long.”
He turned to face the rest of the dark cavern and threw back his hood revealing his face. He was an old man with bald head and clean shaven face. His skin was ivory white and his face was covered with wrinkles like a dried prune. He tilted his head back and started making chattering noise with his mouth. 
At first there were faint squeaks from the cavern as the bats returned his call. The noise started getting louder as more bats answered. The chattering kept on building until it was deafening. 
Etan and Karin clasped their ears, the shrill noise felt like it was drilling a hole into their heads. Lady Karin’s long blond hair swayed as the wings of thousands of bats took flight creating a wind in the cavern. 
The bats flew down the tunnel exploding through the door at the bottom of the willow tree startling the grazing horse outside. The bodies of thousands of bats blot out the little remaining sunlight like a living cloud.
Inside the cavern Dralor turned to face Lady Karin.
“Not long at all.” the wrinkly man said.
****
Logan, Huck and Zoey were hiding in the shadows behind a mud hut on the edge of the village. It looked like most of the buildings were made of mud with thatched roofs. The children couldn’t see too far into the village but they could make out some taller wooden buildings in the centre. Every now and then they saw people in the distance walking in and out of town. 
“They’re wearing dresses” Huck noticed.
“They’re not dresses, they’re called kilts” Zoey said.
All the men wore knee length leather kilts and boots. They did not wear shirts but armour made up of several straps of leather that had been woven together, covering their chests but leaving their arms bare. The women also wore kilts but they had long sleeved leather shirts. Every person they saw had at least one dog or puppy walking with them. The dogs were big, and looked like wolves with long black pelts. If Huck could have had one special ability, he would have wished he was invisible. The dogs looked a lot like the garing and he had no intention of meeting one of them.
  The group had sneaked into the village after sunset and Arros ordered them to wait behind the hut while he went in to buy them clothes. 
“He’s been gone for a while” Zoey whispered.
“I’m not going in there looking for him.” Huck said. “There’s no way I’m going into a village filled with dogs.” 
“It’s best we do as he told us.” Logan said.
“I agree.” Huck said making it very clear again that he had intention of entering the village.
“I just hope he knows I’m not wearing any silly thing he buys me” Zoey said.
“Does it matter?” Huck asked.
“Probably not, I just don’t want another stupid dress or skirt, I’ve had enough of those things at Glickenswitch, I want something I can run in.” she said.
“Something you can run in like sweatpants and a t-shirt” Logan teased. 
“You dim-witted boy, I don’t want to look like a tramp. It has to look good too.” 
Logan had a little chuckle, he still knew how to press her buttons.
“I don’t think you’re going to find anything that particular around here....”
He was about to make a joke when Huck shushed him
“Do you guys hear that?” he said while frantically scanning the sky.
“Hear what?’” Logan said.
“That rat like shriek.” 
“I don’t hear anything.” Zoey said looking at Huck inquisitively.
“There it is again” Huck said. ”You have to hear that?”
The other two tried their best to hear what Huck was talking about but except for the normal noise coming from the village they heard nothing else.
“Nothing, my friend.” Logan said.
“You must hear that, the shrieks are much louder and faster now.” he was still trying to find the origin of the noise he thought he heard overhead.
“Are you sure it’s not your imagination?” Zoey asked. 
“I don’t know, this is a strange place and strange things do happen in a strange place.” He said leaning against the mud hut, resolving to ignore the sound he might be hearing.
****
If the bat could see it still would not have seen the children in the shadows. Bats rely on their ears. The echoes of their shrieks made a picture of sound in their heads, images so clear no other animal could understand. The bat had flown for hours covering a distance that would take horses’ days to cover.
In the valley where the people of the dogs lived, it finally found what its master had ordered. It saw the three children in a picture of sound, three children that wore clothing he had never heard before, the eco did not sound like any other material in Azania. It knew it had found what he was looking for.
 It flew high into the air and let out a different type of shriek, one that could only be heard by its own kind.  It circled the sky for a while waiting for a reply to its call. Finally the shriek was returned by another and it knew which direction to go. It flew towards the origin of the shriek, a hill that overlooked the village. As it flew towards the hill it heard a hollow echo, the sound of its shrieks bouncing off a cave. It realised that the call must be coming from the cave and it flew into the opening.
 Inside sat a man on the floor, eating something, and to the bat it smelt like something he wanted part of. The man heard the bat’s shriek and lifted his arm holding it straight. The bat landed on his arm and hung from it. 
The bat made chattering noises and the man listened. 
“Good” he said giving the bat some of the apple he was eating.
The man patiently waited for the bat to finish the apple. When he saw it was done he spoke again.
“Now go tell the others and the Master.”  
The man threw the bat into the air.
The bat flew out of the cave, with its belly full it could take on the long flight home to its master.
The man watched the bat leave, then walked over to the cave’s entrance. From the hill where his cave was situated he had a clear view of Dar Glaad Eneen. The village was busy at this time of night, and he knew the dog warriors would try and hide the children, but he was a supreme stalker and he was confident that it would not take him long to find what he was looking for. In the dim light of the moon he rolled a boulder in front of the entrance and covered it with branches. A person would have to know where to look if they were to find his cave and the riches inside.
****
Arros returned with a large canvas bag. On his back was a quiver of arrows and a bow was slung over his shoulders.
“I hope this fits” he said, removing clothes from the canvas bag.
He gave a grey shirt to each of the boys. The shirts were long and Logan noticed that it would go almost all the way down to his knees. 
“What’s this called?” he asked Arros. 
“It’s a tunic.” 
He gave each boy a pair of loose fitting black pants and a thick black belt. 
Zoey cleared her throat as if she was asking ‘and where are mine?’
“I didn’t forget you, young lady, this should be to your taste” he replied.
First he removed a pair of green stockings from the bag, and then he gave her a green tunic.
“I can’t wear this.” She said disgusted “I’ll look like Peter Pan in these.”
“Who?” Arros asked. He had clearly never heard of Peter Pan and boys had a quick giggle at the confused man.
“She doesn’t want to look silly.” Logan helped.
“She’s not going to look silly once she puts these on.” He removed a leather garment and gave it to her. “She’ll look fierce.”
Zoey looked at her wardrobe for a second and then smiled “I like fierce.”
“Don’t we get something to make us look fierce too?” Huck asked.
“Unfortunately not my young friend, you’ll have to settle for normal clothes. I found what I could to fit you,” Arros then leaned in and whispered in Huck’s ear “and that was all I could find that would fit Zoey.” 
The children stood admiring their clothes, clothes they would only have worn to a fancy dress party if they were back in Wattville.
“Well, don’t just look at it, put it on.” Arros continued.
The boys started to undress when they heard Zoey clearing her throat.
“Well” she berated.
“Well what?” Huck asked.
“Well we can’t just all dress here. You should go around the hut so I can get dressed.” 
“Sorry, m’lady” Arros said with a smile.  
All the men moved to the other side of the hut until Zoey was out of sight.  
The boys changed their clothes and waited for Zoey to finish.
“I’m ready” she finally said.
When they rounded the hut they saw that Zoey did in fact not resemble Peter Pan but an Amazon warrior. Over her tunic and stockings she wore what could only be described as a tan coloured dress made out of leather. It had no sleeves, wide straps held it in place over her shoulders, revealing the green fabric of the tunic on her arms. Around her middle was a dark brown belt that looked like it was waiting for someone to hang a sword from it. The dress went down her legs and stopped a few inches short of her knees. 
“It’s a riding outfit” Arros explained “the Glaad Eneen seldom ride horses but when they do this is what the woman like to wear.”
Logan felt a pang of jealousy, he and Huck looked like common boys but Zoey looked somebody of stature in this strange land, but he had heard what Arros said to Huck so he didn’t say anything.
“It will do, thank you very much Arros.” Zoey said admiring her outfit.  
“My pleasure.”
Arros removed the last items from the canvas bag. He gave every one of them a pair of boots. The boots were made out of soft leather and looked like they would reach halfway up their calves. 
“You won’t need socks for these” he said.
Logan put his pair on and was surprised at how light they were. It was almost like he was barefoot. 
“The Glaad Eneen make the best boots in Azania.” Arros said.
The children walked around a bit in their new boots, feeling them out to make sure they were really as comfortable as they thought.
“Thank you.” they said all at the same time.
“Again, it’s my pleasure. You’ll be doing a lot of walking in those boots and now you look like proper Azanians.” he answered. “Now put your old clothes in the bag.”
Zoey’s school uniform and shoes went into the bag first, almost as if she was happy to get rid of them. The boys did the same. 
“Now I just need a bath.” Zoey said smiling.
“You’re in luck, there’s a lovely inn in the village” Arros said lifting the bag.
“In the village? Did you just say in the village?  I’m not going in there with all those dogs.” Huck interjected.
“You can stay out here if you like.” Arros moved closer to the boy a softly said “alone.”
That was all the convincing Huck needed, he was not going to stay out here alone, what if one of the dogs strayed from town and ran into him? At least in town all the dogs had their owners with them.
“Well let’s get going then” Huck said as he bravely marched into the village of the dog warriors.    
****
The man moved like a ghost through the streets of Dar Glaad Eneen looking for his quarry. His face was hidden in the shadow of his cloak’s hood. Only a few minutes had passed since the bat informed him of his task and he was already stalking around town.
The Glaad Eneen saw him but they paid no attention, their dogs growled at him, but their masters rang them in, they knew better than to interfere with one of the agents of Dralor.  
His search did not last long as he found what he was looking for in front of “The Smiling Dog Inn”. 
He spotted a tall man with long hair followed by three children. They were the ones he was looking for. In Dar Glaad Eneen a person without a dog is a tourist, this group of had to be the ones he was looking for. 
Now he just had to wait for the others.
****
The three from Wattville were sitting around a table in their room eating. “The Smiling Dog Inn” had dark wooden floors and walls that had seen better days, but for now it was a place of comfort for the three. Especially for Huck who jumped every time they passed a dog, the comfort of knowing the dogs were outside, relaxed his worried mind.
 Each one of them had had a bath and felt clean for the first time in the last two days. Arros had left them to run an errand and the innkeeper had brought them a tray with roashrooms, meat and bread. They ate heartily talking about the adventures of the last few days. For the first time in a while they felt at ease. Huck ate twice as much as he usually did and his tunic stretched like a dome over his belly. 
“Now I just need a good night’s rest” he said.
“On a real bed” Logan added, the pine needles they slept on last night were comfortable but no match for a bed.
“I slept fine last night” Zoey said.
“I don’t know how you just passed out like that?” Logan said.
“Me neither, but I just felt very tired all of a sudden and the next thing I knew the sun was up and it was morning” Zoey said.
“That’s very strange” Huck wondered. “I was so excited I thought I’d never sleep, but suddenly I couldn’t keep my eyes open”
“Do you think Arros put a spell on us or something to make us sleep?” Logan asked.
“You’re being silly” Zoey said.
“I’d have thought it crazy yesterday but not any more” Huck said.
There was a knock on the door.
“Who is it?” Logan asked.
“Arros” 
Logan unlocked the door and opened it. 
Arros stepped into the entrance “Never open the door without having a look first.”
“But I recognized your voice” Logan countered.
“It does not matter.  Always look. Understood?”
Logan felt like he was back at school being scolded by a teacher.
“Yes, sir” he said uncomfortably.  
“Don’t worry, there is still a lot for you to learn, and being careful and always checking the surroundings is one of the first things.”
They heard a muffled voice in the hallway. Arros stuck his head out and nodded to somebody. He turned back and looked at Huck.
“Huck, there is something you have to do and I know you’re not going to enjoy it.” 
Huck suddenly looked very uncomfortable.
“There is a man you must meet” Arros continued.
“Is it Ulrek?” Huck asked uncomfortably.
“No, this man is going to help you find Ulrek. His name is Wratig” 
“Me find Ulrek, what do you mean?” Huck asked confused.
“Don’t be afraid.” Arros said.
He stuck his head back into the Hallway and nodded again. 
An elderly man wearing a cloak and a staff in the hand entered.  Wratig’s face was dark brown like a man that spent a lot of time in the sun. Behind him walked a large black dog like the ones in the rest of the village. The dog sat down next to his master but it didn’t take its eyes off Huck. Wratig looked at Huck like he was inspecting him.
“Show me?” he said to Arros
“Huck, roll up your sleeves so Wratig can see your marks” 
Huck was too terrified to do anything else, he rolled up his sleeves not taking his eyes off the dog. Wratig looked at the marks on his arms and then turned to Arros again.
“The others?” he asked.  
“Logan and Zoey, please show Wratig your marks” he said.
Zoey lifted the palm she conscientiously kept away from people and showed the mark to the old man. Logan rolled up his sleeve to reveal the wing shaped birthmark that he had carried like a curse all these years. Wratig looked at the marks and smiled. The smile lightened the old man’s face as if he had been waiting a long time to see what he was looking at.  His eyes welled with tears and he could barely hold them back.
“They have really returned” he said.
Arros nodded. 
Wratig looked at the dog at his side and spoke to it in a gentle voice. 
“The Caleed Capria have returned” 
The dog peacefully looked back into his master’s eyes.
“Help Honrys Caleed find Ulrek.” he ordered the dog.
The dog slowly walked towards Huck who was now backing up in his chair trying to get away.  
“He will not hurt you, young Caleed.” Wratig assured Huck.
But Huck did not listen and backed up until he was stopped by the wall. He watched terrified, as the dog put its paws on his lap and lifted itself until it was looking him straight in the eye. Huck felt that he should jump up and run, but when he looked into the dog’s eyes he felt a calm come over him. 
At first they were just the warm brown eyes of a dog, but then he could see a picture appear in them. He saw what could only have been a city once, but the buildings were in ruins and there was water all around them.
“Do you see anything?” Wratig asked.
“I see a big city standing in water.” Huck said.
“Carry on.” Wratig said.
“All the buildings look empty and ruined. I’m moving through the city down the streets. There’s a building with a tower and there’s light coming from it. I see a man sitting in the building, there’s something at his feet I can’t make out”
Logan was surprised to see Huck sit so calmly with a dog on his lap. He looked at Zoey and she winked at him, she was thinking exactly the same thing
“Earlier he was hearing things and now he’s seeing things” he said softly. 
Zoey smiled, she didn’t want to make a noise with the happenings in the room. But Arros heard what Logan said.
“What’s that?” he barked, surprising Logan with his forceful manner.
Logan didn’t think his joke was that bad?
The dog climbed off Huck’s lap and returned to Wratig’s side.
“Logan, what did you say?” Arros repeated again.
“I said, earlier he was hearing things and now he’s seeing things.” 
“What did you hear?” he asked Huck
“I think it was just my imagination” 
“What do you think you heard?” he asked Huck again.
“It was a shrieking sound” Huck answered.
Wratig leaned towards Huck. 
“Like a mouse?” 
“Yes, just like a mouse” Huck answered.
Arros spun round and started gathering their stuff.
“Dralor’s bats” he said to Wratig.
“You must leave, they know where you are.” Wratig said urgently.
“Huck, can you remember what the building in the dog’s eyes looked like?” 
Huck nodded his head as he stood up. Arros grabbed his bow and arrows from the corner, slinging them over his shoulder, while Wratig opened the door and looked down the hallway. The men moved with a nervous urgency. 
“It’s clear” Wratig said, moving into the hallway
“Come Caleed!” Arros said to the children, using that strange name again. 
He drew his sword and followed Wratig into the hallway.
The Wattville three didn’t know what was going on but they did know it was urgent, the last time Arros was this excited they had a garing battling them.
****
The man from the cave was still hiding in the shadows in front of “The Smiling Dog Inn” two other of his kind had joined him, in silence they watched the entrance of the building. Suddenly there was movement, the door swung open like it was pushed by someone in a hurry. They a tall man with long black hair came out first, his sword was drawn and he appeared ready to cut down whatever got in his way. Having a sword or any weapon was against the law in Azania but this man clearly had no regard for that. He had a look around, checking that everything was safe. He then motioned to whoever was still inside to follow him. Three children escorted by an elderly man and his dog came out. The elderly man gave a low whistle. Anybody that had spent some time with the Glaad Eneen knew that whistle, it was a summons. It would not take long before several warriors would fall in step next to the old man.
One of the man-from-the-cave’s companions wanted to attack them before this happened but was held back.
“Not here, the Glaad Eneen will protect them, everyone in this street will do what that old man says. Don’t you recognize him?” the man from the cave whispered, he could not believe how ignorant this agent was. When he saw the old man entering the building he knew exactly who he was and what he was here for. “Go summon the warders, while we follow them. We will communicate with the servants of the night.”
The ignorant agent looked at him for a second as if to object but then the man from the cave grabbed him by the neck. He held him at arm’s length squeezing the man’s throat.
“Do as you are told.” he said with a voice as cold as the dead expression in his white eyes. When he let go of the man’s throat the ignorant agent didn’t stay around to be ordered again. 

Chapter Eight – The Dralorian

Very few beams of moonlight made it through the forest’s canopy, it would have been impossible to navigate if it were not for the dogs. The animals led the group without missing a step. Their senses were more attuned to the darkness, eyes that could see, and noses that could smell a route through the labyrinth of trees.
When the group left the ‘Smiling Dog Inn’ they were joined by four men and four dogs. The dogs immediately flanked the children shielding them from possible danger. The men were dressed in the same kilts and leather armour as the rest of the people of Dar Glaad Eneen except for the swords by their sides, rusty old sword that looked like they had seen better days. When Mornus took power of Azania he banned all residents from carrying weapons. The swords the four men of the Glaad Eneen now carried had been hidden wherever their owners thought they would be safe, high up in trees, under rocks, some were even hidden in the bottom of lakes. Waiting till the day their owners would need them again. Tonight the swords were back where they belonged, their owners needed them because they have been charged with the most important job in Azania. Protecting the Caleed.
When they left the town Wratig ordered them of the road and then gave the dogs instructions to lead them through the forest. Running into patrol of warders was a possibility if they stayed on the road. He had no intention of fighting a patrol of trained soldiers when it could be avoided. The pine needles on the forest floor would also make it difficult for even the most skilled tracker to track them. 
Snaking through the maze of trees he sensed something behind them, he didn’t hear or see anything but he had an uncomfortable feeling. Over the many years of his life he had learned to trust this feeling and now it was telling him that they were being followed. There was no need to worry about a tracker any more. 
“We are being followed” Wratig said.
“I know” Arros replied “but I don’t think they will attack now. They are waiting for reinforcements”
“There is a garrison half an hour away from Dar Glaad Eneen”
“Are there Riders at the garrison?” 
“Yes” 
“That gives us until the second moon rises” Arros calculated.
The second moon would rise in less than an hour. 
“How many riders?” he asked Wratig.
“More than we can handle” 
“We have to get rid of them before they lead the warders strait to us”
Without losing a step Arros grabbed a branch and lifted himself into the tree.
“Protect the Caleed” he said to Wratig. 
“We will, at all costs”
The tall man disappeared into the canopy above their heads. 
Logan looked around trying to spot Arros but the mysterious man had disappeared into the web of branches. His stomach churned with fear, everything was happening to fast for him to comprehend, yesterday he was a normal kid with a normal existence and since then the only thing he’s been doing is running for his life. He gave a quick glance towards his friends to see how they were holding up. Zoey’s face looked focused, if she was scared she didn’t show it.  She looked determined not to stumble over a branch or the root of a tree. She kept her eyes on the ground and her step firm. She was not going to be the reason the group had to slow down to pick someone up. Logan had a sudden feeling of admiration for her, she was going through the same things he was but she had the ability to still know how to deal with it.
He then looked at Huck who had his head tilted like he was trying to hear something. A confused look shot across his face and then he stopped. 
“Why are you stopping?” Zoey whispered.
“I think I heard another bat” 
“Well don’t stop, we have to keep on moving.”
“The last time I stayed quiet everyone freaked out so now I’m going to say something about it.” 
Wratig had moved a few step ahead when he realised the children had stopped.
“What is it Honrys?” he asked Huck.
“I think I hear a bat again” Huck said a little louder than a whisper.   
“The agents must be signalling the riders” Wratig said. 
The group stopped and to Logan’s surprise all the dogs circled around Huck, who didn’t look too happy with the idea. They stood in silence scanning the forest with their ears. 
There was a shriek, and a soft twang, like a tightly strung string being released, followed by a thud, another shriek, and a thump, as something hit the ground.
****
‘Impossible’ the agent thought.
He was hidden behind a tree and just a few steps away from him, the other agent was doing the same. To stick their heads out from their hiding place would surely cost them their lives. The man in the tree had just shot a bat out of the sky. No one could do that, no one.
He looked around trying to spot the man in the trees, but the trees and their shadows revealed nothing to his keen night vision. Dralorians were agents of the dark, they seldom moved in the day. Daylight was not their friend. It hurt their eyes and it revealed their doings. Their eyes were attuned to the night, they saw better in complete darkness than most people would see during the day.
 There was a reason Dralorians moved at night; they were a group of thieves, murderers and thugs, and some of those things you just can’t get up to in the light of day 
When you entered service with Dralor you sacrificed your old life, your past was dead, your friends and family forgotten. You became an agent of Dralor, and an agent of the night.  Being a Dralorian had tremendous rewards, their master taught them the ways of the night, how to use the darkness, how to converse with his flying servants, and he changed their eyes, making their pupils so large that their eyes looked black, black eyes that could see in the dark but burned in the light, but most important to all Dralorians was the riches they gained, riches beyond their wildest dreams. They might serve Dralor, but above all they worshipped gold. Their greed and the death and pain that followed in its wake had made them the most hated people in Azania, but things had changed. When Mornus took power they gained power, they were the eyes and ears of the ruler, with the use of the bats, no-one could gather information faster than they could. This made them the masters of the people that used to hate them. The Dralorians were higher in rank than any officer of Mornus’ warders. Masters of their domain that could do what they want, but now this domain is threatened by a man that could almost see as good as he can.
The man in the trees was not an agent but he had shot a flying servant out of the sky. There was only one man in all of Azania that could do this, and he had been gone for ten years, could this man be him? Had he returned to guide the Caleed? 
“Dralorian!”  The man in the tree yelled.
The agent did not reply, he was not going to reveal his position. 
“Leave us be.” the man continued “Pursue us, and you will not live to see another night.” 
The man was right, they could not pursue the group any further if he stayed up in the trees.
 He had to stall them until the riders arrived.
He knew this forest well and he knew it was full of flying servants, and now was the time to use them.
He clasped his hands in front of his mouth and made the call. He could hear the other agent join in as they made chattering and squeaking noises.
****
Logan had heard every word Arros had said. As soon as Arros started speaking from the trees, the group started walking again. Wratig was leading them through the forest, away from the danger.  
Then they heard the chattering start. 
First it was one then another joined in, then they heard it coming from far away. The sound grew like a cust truck with no brakes charging down on you. 
 Logan thought it was loud, but it looked painful to Huck who stuck his fingers in his ears and knelt down between the dogs. It was like whatever Logan was hearing was a hundred times louder to the redheaded boy.
The sound was almost on top of them. 
The group looked up into the canopy of trees. Waiting for whatever was riding the noise.
Thousands of bats swarmed down on the group.
A bat landed on Zoey’s head trying to bite her. 
She screamed, frantically shaking her head to get rid of it.
One of the warriors slapped the bat off her head with the side of his blade. “Get down” Wratig ordered Logan and Zoey.
The Glaad Eneen took position, standing over them fighting the bats.
Huck was still hunched under the dogs, who were biting anything that got close to the boy. No bat or other beast would get to Honrys Caleed judging from the way they were protecting him. 
Wratig was  frantically swinging his staff at all that moved. 
“We have to find shelter” he yelled striking another bat out of the sky. 
Logan looked around for anything they could hide under. It was nearly impossible to see anything in the dark forest, and it was even more difficult to see through the legs of the men standing over him and Zoey. The men’s feet stayed planted where they stood, but their upper bodies were moving swiftly fighting of the bats. He felt completely helpless, the shrieks of the bats were deafening, winds created by their flapping wings made his eyes water, and he still could not see anything that could help them.  
“Fire!” Zoey yelled to his surprise.
“What?”
“Fire will scare them away!” she completed her sentence. 
“That will give away our position to the riders!” Wratig yelled. 
Arros appeared from the trees with his sword in hand slicing a bat from the sky. 
“Do as she says, we can always get away later but first we have to deal with these agents.” he said planting his feet on the ground.
Wratig pulled a rock from his pocket. He held it above some dry grass and sliced it with a knife. Sparks flew from the rock but died in the wind.
“There is too much wind” Wratig yelled. ”I can’t get a flame.”
“Give the flint to Rahal Caleed” Arros ordered.
Logan saw an arm coming through the legs of the soldiers standing over him. Wratig was holding the flint out to him. 
“Take it” he yelled.
Logan was surprised. Why did they give him the flint? He never used a flint in his life. 
Arros knelt next to him holding a dagger.
“Take this, use it to spark the flint.” 
“But I don’t know how this works.” 
“You will! We need a wall of fire at that line of trees” Arros said pointing to trees a few  meters away from them.
“But…” Logan wanted to object but Arros was up battling the bats again. 
“Build a kindling” Zoey said.
“Build a what?” 
“Kindling! Tinder!” she screamed above the noise of the bats, “Put some dry leaves together that will ignite when you spark the flint.” 
Logan grabbed all the dry leaves and twigs he could find in his reach and put them in a heap. 
“Where’d you learn this?” he asked her.
“They don’t only teach us to be ladies at Glickenswitch,” she said quickly “Now strike the flint with the dagger to spark it.”
Logan looked up between the legs of the men fighting the bats. He saw the line of trees Arros was talking about but had no idea how he was going to set it alight even if he did get a flame.
He held the dagger in his one hand and the flint in the other. He brought the dagger down with a chopping motion on the flint but nothing happened. 
“Slice it like you’re peeling potatoes” Zoey said.
Logan tried again, this time slicing the flint with the dagger. Several sparks sprang to life but they did not fall on the kindling. The missed the heap of dry twigs and leaves and died.
“Concentrate, Rahal tell the fire what you want it to do” Arros said from above.
Logan thought the big man was losing his marbles, who talks to fire?
He sliced the flint again and said more afraid than feeling stupid “Burn.”
The sparks again missed the mark but this time something very unexpected happened.  
They stopped above the kindling, floating in the air. The sparks became a flame without setting a single piece of tinder on fire, it just floated above it.
Logan looked down at the kindling and the flame went down, setting it alight. He looked up and the flame separated from the burning twigs and leaves. He looked at Zoey and the flame moved in between them. The flame followed his eyes. He shifted his gaze to the line of trees Arros showed him. 
The tiny flame moved with lightning speed towards the trees. 
It touched a single tree and the whole line erupted into fire. The trees were burning like something dowsed in paraffin.
Zoey flashed Logan a ‘what was that?’ look.
Logan returned an ‘I don’t know’ look, shrugging his shoulders. He was just as surprised as she was, had he just controlled a flame?
The roar of the fire drained out the sounds of the bats. The flames filled the woods with light, bats were fleeing in every direction to get away from the heat.
“We must split up” Arros said.
“Take two of my sons. They can help you carry the Caleed.”
“Why do you want to carry us?” Logan asked “we can move faster if we run on our own.” 
“The fire will cover your tracks but only while you are in the woods, after that any tracker would be able to follow your footprints. This way they will not know which group to follow and don’t worry about my men, you have no idea how strong the sons of Glaad Eneen are” Wratig said shooting Logan a reassuring wink. 
Arros grabbed the old man by his forearm in a manner of greeting. Wratig did the same and they were locked hand to forearm.
“Thank you Wratig, king of the Glaad Eneen.” 
The children were baffled to hear Arros call Wratig a king.
“Good speed and safe journey Arros, king of the Aroua” Wratig returned the greeting. 
The children were even more baffled to hear Wratig call Arros a king. 
“Take my bow and climb on my back” Arros said to Logan, holding out his bow.
  Logan stood frozen. First he thought he controlled a flame with his mind and now he heard that he was standing in the presence of two kings. Arros, king of the Aroua, Wratig had said. How could the man that almost scared him to death in Wattville be a king? Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle sure didn’t act that way when they introduced him. What other secrets did this tall stranger have that he wasn’t sharing?
“Hurry before the fire swallows us” Arros said urgently.
Logan took the bow and climbed on the man’s back. The fire was raging out of control behind them, and he could feel the heat settle on his spine.
Zoey yelped as one of Wratig’s sons picked her up without asking. She grabbed him around the neck finding her position.  Wratig’s other son had more difficulty getting the heavyset body of Huck onto his back, but eventually Huck was seated.
The trees around them were catching fire and the heat was becoming unbearable.
Wratig and his sons left in a different direction than Logan and their protectors.
Arros ran with long strides like an athlete, and the fire was slowly falling behind. Logan could feel the tall man’s muscles working underneath his clothing. The two Glaad Eneen had trouble keeping up but Arros never let the gap between them get too big. He would slow down, every time he sensed them lagging behind. Logan could see his friends holding on for dear life, Huck didn’t look too comfortable, his big body bouncing up and down on the man’s back. 
Finally they started to settle down. The children had found the most comfortable riding position and all they could do was look ahead. They stared over the shoulders of the men carrying them, looking into the darkness, like it was the future.  A very unclear future - what else did the strange land of Azania have in store for them?
****
The bat had flown all night and was tired. The energy from the apple was wearing down, but he was close to the river and knew his master would reward him for the news. The sun was about to rise, he could feel the first rays on his back. Soon it would break free of its resting place on the western horizon, and he had to find cover before that happened. 
The bat’s sonar sensed the tree it knew so well and the door underneath it. 
It flew down the tunnel and landed on its master’s arm. It hung from it, relieved. Finally it could rest.
Etan and Karin stood watching the conversation between master and servant.
Dralor gave the bat a large piece of meat which it devoured.
“They were in Dar Glaad Eneen” Dralor said.
“And now?” Etan asked.
“They could have moved by now but I doubt they will get very far” Dralor said.
“Is one of your agents shadowing them” Karin asked.
“Yes, Garron, my most experienced agent” the bald man replied. “He will coordinate their capture”
“And if he fails?” Etan asked.
“He will try again, he will not stop until his task is done” Dralor answered slowly.
Karin turned towards Etan.
“If they were in Dar Glaad Eneen…” 
“I know” Etan stopped her. There was only one reason the Caleed would go to Dar Glaad Eneen and that was to find Ulrek. 
“Can you find him?” she asked.
“It has been a while but yes.” Etan had a deep bond with Ulrek, it is a bond a man in his position created with a mentor. Ulrek had been his teacher long ago and they were as close as family, like a father and son but now no emotional connection remained of that bond. He could still locate the man, but now they were something completely different. They were enemies.     
“Then we will wait for Dralor’s bats to return with news. If Garron was successful we will meet up with him. If not, we will cut them off at Ulrek.”
“That’s if he is close enough for us to cut them off” Etan said.
Karin turned to Dralor. Etan was right, Ulrek might be too far away from them to do anything.
“When will the next bats return?”
Dralor used the tiny hole to judge the light again, he could see the first beams of the sun peeking through it.
“The sun is up, the bats will only return when it is gone again.”
Karin winced at his answer. They did not have time to wait, but they also did not have a choice. 
****
Logan woke to find that he was still riding on Arros’ back. They had slowed down and he could see the Glaad Eneen were looking tired, especially the one carrying Huck. He was asleep and that made it even more difficult to carry the heavy boy. The Glaad Eneen was constantly adjusting Huck’s position so he wouldn’t fall off.
The terrain had changed, they were not in the forest any more but moving through a rocky landscape filled with thorny shrubs. In front of them the shrubs were becoming more scattered as they approached a large stony surface.
Arros stopped on the surface and Logan could hear that he was barely out of breath. He put him down and the other men did the same with his friends. 
Huck approached Logan, bow legged with a painful expression on his face. He had clearly not enjoyed the experience. Two dogs were a short step behind him and he kept looking back over his shoulder just to check that one didn’t feel like taking a bite out of his behind.  
Arros grabbed the Glaad Eneen Zoey had been riding by the forearm in the same way he had done with Wratig.
“Safe return, son of the Glaad Eneen” he greeted the man.
“Safe journey, king of the Aroua” the man replied. 
Arros greeted the other man in the same manner.  While Arros was doing this Zoey walked over to the man that had carried her. 
She said goodbye to the man in the same way Arros did.
“Safe return, Steven, son of the Glaad Eneen” she said.
“Safe journey, Colenz Caleed” he replied with pride. 
The boys realising that Zoey was more than just greeting the men but showing them how to do it did the same and to their surprise the men also called them by Caleed names. They called Logan, Rahal Caleed and Huck, Honrys Caleed. To Huck’s annoyance each dog licked his hand. He winced with every lick not sure if they were going to take a bite. Fortunately the dogs only licked him and then they left with the Glaad Eneen. The group of men left in a completely different direction.  
“Why aren’t they going back that way?” Huck observed, surprised to see them going in another direction.   
He was even more surprised when Zoey, instead of Arros, answered him.
“If they return on their original tracks any tracker would know that we tried to fool them and of course they don’t want to run into the tracker following us. Do they?” she said sarcastically.
“How’d you get so smart?”
“If you two didn’t sleep all the time you would have known these things. I on the other hand, spoke to Steven all the way.” still sarcastically. 
Arros couldn’t help but laugh at the boys’ disheartened expressions.
“Looks like the young lady, was the only one to learn anything last night. Maybe she could answer some of your questions as we walk” he said laughing.
“Walk, again?” Huck asked, discouraged. “We’ve been moving all through the night.”  It was a ridiculous comment, for a person that had in fact not taken a single step on his own but was sleeping. 
Arros smiled, shaking his head at the remark.
“You can always stay here and wait for the Dralorian” he said.
Huck remembered that word from the previous night, it’s what Arros called the guy following them and he jumped into step.
“Good idea, maybe if I stretch my legs I’ll feel better.” 

Chapter Nine – The long name.

The tracker felt the surface of the footprint with his hand. The rocky terrain made it difficult to follow spoor but there were still enough signs to read. He had already been fooled once today and did not wish to displease the agent again. 
They had found tracks at the edge of the woods at sunrise and followed them for an hour before he realised they were taking a long turn back towards Dar Glaad Eneen. The agent ordered him and the riders back to the woods where they found another set.  They had been following these tracks for a while and the sun was high. 
He stood up from where he knelt next to the footprint and walked over to the warders. There were fifty of them sitting on raleks. The raleks were black and stood as high as a horse. They had short necks and short thick tails. Their skin sparkled in the sun and when you looked closer you could see this sparkle was due to scales. Their eyes were deep set and black in their scaly lizard-like faces. In short a ralek looked like a large lizard without a tail. The warders sat proud on their rides, dressed in copper coloured armour with black capes. They had the crest of Rylon on their chests; the silhouette of a mountain in front of a red setting sun.
The tracker walked to a man dressed in black sitting on a ralek. His cloak’s hood was up and black silk covered his face.
Garron watched the tracker through the silk that protected his eyes from the harsh light of the sun. 
“They are still two hours ahead but we are making good time.”  The tracker said.
Garron nodded his head, acknowledging the statement.
“They seem to be moving towards the Stone Steps” the tracker continued. “I will not be able to track them over the rocks.”
“No need to.” Garron said, he already knew where they were going. “There is only one place of significance on the Steps where they are likely to go.” 
He wished he could send out a bat to make sure but it was only midday and they would not fly before the sun set. 
Garron turned to the man sitting on the ralek next to him. The man was dressed the same as the other warders but had a helmet with a black plume of hair sticking out of the top, indicating his rank. 
“Captain” Garron said. He did not complete the order because he knew the captain would know what to do.
The man with the plume on his helmet turned to the other riders.
“Riders of Rylon, we ride to the gnomes” he yelled. 
Garron’s ralek jumped as it started running almost trampling the tracker. He had to reach the Caleed before they got to the gnomes, otherwise following them would be impossible.
****
“Many years ago there was a war.” Zoey was telling the story Steven the Glaad Eneen told her almost word for word in a hushed tone. “Arros and his Aroua fought like the fiercest warriors. Steven said that even though they had never fought in a war or were prepared for one the Aroua fought bravely against a force that they could not win. When the war was over the Aroua’s great city was destroyed and its people broken. The few that were left scattered across the land hiding from the enemy preparing for the day that they could claim back what is theirs.”
“The Aroua are Arros’s people?” Huck made sure.
“Yes, they’ve been hiding all these years, getting ready”
“Ready for what?” Huck asked.
“Weren’t you listening” Zoey replied. “They’re getting ready for war”
They were sitting at the base of one of the small stone hills that covered the Steps. Arros had told them to wait as he scanned the area ahead. He had only been gone for a few minutes when Zoey started telling the boys what she knew.  Her tone was hushed, because she thought the subject was sensitive, and did not want Arros to hear what they were talking about when he returned.
“Who is the enemy?” Logan asked in the same hushed tone.
“Rylon” She answered “Steven wasn’t too clear about this, but some one very important to Capria was killed.”
“Who?” Huck asked “and what is Capria?”
“I don’t know but after this person’s death Rylon flooded Azania with strange creatures, which took over the land.”
“Is Rylon a person?” Logan asked.
“I don’t know. All the kings of Azania battled the intruders but after witnessing what happened to the Aroua, they did not want to follow the same fate. The kings stepped down from their thrones to protect their people. And now live under the rule of Rylon.”
“Was Wratig one of those kings?” Logan asked.
“Yes” 
“That means I rode on the back of a prince” Huck said with a smile. “My guy being one of Wratig’s sons”
Zoey almost laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Huck asked a little offended.
“All the Glaad Eneen are called Wratig’s sons and daughters. Steven said that all his brothers and sisters were farmers and hunters when the war started.” 
“But why are they called dog warriors?” Logan asked.
“In peaceful times there was no need for warriors. It is only now, under the rule of Rylon that they’ve started to train again.” 
“There’s so many things here we still have to find out” Logan stated.
“Yes, like why do they keep on calling us Caleed?” Huck added.
“Steven said that it means keeper but he didn’t tell me much more than that,” she answered.
“And the piece of rock we’re on. What’s it called?” Huck asked.
“The Stone Steps” she said.
“Steps to where?” Huck asked.
“Stone Steps to Capria” she answered “The steps lead to the back of the mountain.”
“Why is it called the back?”
“I think it’s because the city of Capria is on the other side”
It was still far away but they could see that the travelling they had done had brought them closer to the great mountain. 
Huck heard something. His senses seemed to be far more attuned to the land of Azania than his friends. He heard and saw things long before the other two. He looked up the hill to where the sound was coming from.
“Someone is coming” he warned the group.
They started to hide when they heard a familiar voice.
“It’s only me.” Arros said sliding down the hill’s stone surface. “We have to move, the riders are closing in on us.” Arros looked up the hill he came from “we just have to keep travelling north to safety”
“North? How could that be north?” Huck wanted to know, he had seen the sun rise and he knew the sun rose in the east and set in the west and that made the direction they were moving in, South. “That can’t be north the sun came up over there.” he said pointing to what he thought was east. 
“The sun might rise in the east in Wattville, but hear it rises in the west.”
“How can you be sure? Maybe you’re just living upside down in this place and your north is south and your west is east.” Huck continued his argument. He was sure he had a point, this place might not be Wattville but rules of nature are rules of nature.
“That might be possible” Arros conceded “but have you noticed things are different here from Wattville, we also have two moons. The first moon and the second moon. The first moon always rises at sunset and the second moon always rises at midnight.”
“Weird” Huck said.
“Can’t you conceive a place that is different to the one you are use too”
“That’s weird too, but I would have thought the moons would have cool names like Laluna and Saluna or something like that, not just first and second moon”
A smile shot across Arros’ face at the boy’s remark. “They have always been known as the first and second moon. I think it is too late now to try and change it”
Huck was again trying to think through his north and south theory when Arros interrupted his thoughts.
“But that is enough about moons or north and south, we have to keep moving. So we’ll head north for the rest of the people in Azania, and Huck you can think of it as upside down south if you like, but now we move.”
He turned and started climbing back up the hill without any further explanation. 
****
The black silk over Garron’s eyes was irritating, but it was better than the pain the light inflicted. He would have to rely on the eyesight of the captain riding next to him, to spot the Caleed. At night he would have seen them from very far away, on the open Stone Steps but now his sight was restrained by the silk. 
He thought about the time before the war, when he and his kind were always hiding. There was no place the agents of Dralor were welcome, they moved across the land doing their master’s bidding, never questioning his reasons. 
Garron was a small orphan boy without a home or a family when Dralor found him. Even then he was always hiding, living in streets of Azacaplon doing what he could to stay alive. He didn’t know what had happened to his family, he had never known one and he had always looked after himself. That changed when he met the man of the night. Dralor taught him the secrets of the dark and its creatures. He gave him something he never had before: knowledge. In a twisted way Garron saw Dralor as a father figure, the man did not recruit him to do good or to hold him in his arms, but he did take care of a simple homeless boy and he shared what he had with this boy. Garron revelled in the support and knowledge Dralor gave him, and feeling of loyalty started to grow in the boy for the strange man with of the night. 
But there was a price for this knowledge he found. Dralor had a lust for wealth and his agents were to attain this wealth for him. In time the lust spread to the agents, planting the same seed of greed in their minds. Gold and priceless artefacts were all they wished to obtain. The agents of Dralor were known across Azania for what they were; criminals that would do anything for a simple piece of gold. 
Many an innocent person had been robbed or killed by the agents, until the governing kings banned them from the cities and towns of Azania. A worthless ban, because Dralorians were already creatures of hiding, the kings might have banned them but you could not chase away what you can’t see or find.
Ten years ago his master announced that things were about to change for them. He told them that they would soon be able to move freely in Azania. They only had to do one small favour. They were to become the eyes and ears of Rylon. The Bats of Dralor had the ability to spread information to the forces of Rylon with more speed and accuracy than anything else. This made them invaluable when the surprise attack was launched on the Aroua and their city. The city did not expect to be attacked and was crushed by the army of Rylon. More important than the destruction of the city was the death of Rahal Caleed. With this man’s death, Rylon could send out its new creatures across the land. The ralek Garron was now riding on was one of these creatures. Other beasts followed, some were like soldiers, and some were mindless attacking machines. Azania had never seen the likes of these creatures, and could not defend itself against them. The forces of Rylon and its new beasts conquered all of Azania in a short time. 
His service to Dralor had rewarded him well, he was one of the most powerful men in Azania even if his nature always made him feel more comfortable when he was out of sight. He had also gained wealth that would seem unobtainable to anyone else. His cave overlooking Dar Glaad Eneen was only one of the locations he held his riches. Sometimes he doubted the value of these things because he did not need them to buy anything. If he wanted something he could take it. 
Now as Garron rode on the Stone Steps he scanned them for the one thing that could take all his power away from him. The sun was still overhead and he wished it would move off and make way for the engulfing arms of the night.
****
Huck was completely out of breath.
“I can’t climb another one of these things.” 
“Steps,” Arros said “the Stone Steps.”
“I don’t care what they’re called but I do care about the fact that I’m about to pass out.” 
They had climbed over several hills that Arros called steps and every time they reached the top there was just another flat piece of rock with another step in the distance.
“This is the last one you’ll have to climb.” Arros said as he reached the top. He turned around smiling to the others. “And you might enjoy what you see.” 
As the children reached the top they saw a town on the flat rock between the steps. The town was big but the buildings weren’t. The buildings were all tiny and painted in bright colours. Gnomes walked the streets and they all looked very busy, nobody stopped to chat to each other. 
“This is the big place on the big rock we friendly people called gnomes like to call home” Arros said.
Logan and his friends looked at Arros bewildered. What was he talking about? This was the strangest thing he had said since they met him, he was not a gnome and this most definitely couldn’t be his home, he would never fit into one of the buildings.
Arros noticed his young friends staring at him confused.
“That’s what it’s called” he said “The town’s name is ‘This is the big place on the big rock us friendly people called gnomes like to call home.’”
“That is one crazy name” Huck said.
“I thought you said gnomes barely say a word?” Zoey asked.
“They don’t, and now you know why, as you’ve now noticed, they aren’t that original when naming things” he answered smiling. “If they discovered roashrooms they would probably have been called ‘That very tasty white domed fungus thing that we like to eat.’ Lucky for us someone else named roashrooms.” 
“I’d enjoy a plate of those tasty things right now.” Huck said.
“We’ll get some on our way.” 
“Where are we going?” Logan asked.
“See those things in the air, that’s where we’re going.” Arros answered still smiling while pointing to what looked like brightly coloured hot air balloons standing at the other end of town.
“Before you ask, I’m not telling you the name of that place it’s simply too long” he said as he started walking down a street.
Logan looked down the street they were walking then he realised something. The town was full of streets but there were no roads running in or out of the town. 
“Why aren’t there any roads leading here?”
“Yeah, that would have been a lot easier than climbing all those hills” Huck added.
“Steps” Zoey corrected him.
“Steps, hills, whatever. We still had to climb them” 
Arros just smiled again.
“Gnomes don’t need roads” he answered and before they could ask another question he said. ”You’ll see.”
They walked down the busy street with gnomes running to whatever business they had to attend to. ‘They’re a very busy bunch, these gnomes.’ Logan thought. Everybody had to do something or be somewhere and they never stopped moving. The gnomes didn’t speak to each other but they were constantly mumbling things to themselves as if they were trying to remind themselves what to do. He heard a lady gnome mumbling as she walked past them
“Buy roashrooms, then put them into the thing with the red burning black stones that’s used to heat things and make them brown”
The ‘red burning black stone’ had to be coal and ‘the thing used to heat things’ had to be an oven.
“Then make clean the place that has a place to lie down in and close our eyes until we have rested and a place where we put stuff in your mouth that goes to your tummy. Then feed the little one that makes water with its eyes and all that noise with its mouth, don’t forget to feed the little one that makes water with its eyes and noise with its mouth otherwise the water and noise will never stop” she continued mumbling to herself as she walked by.
Logan translated that she had to clean her house and feed he baby otherwise it would keep on crying. No wonder they don’t speak to each other he thought, if they had to use all those words, it would take forever just to say hello.
****
The sign hanging in front of the hot air balloons was the longest Logan, Huck and Zoey had ever seen. It read ‘The big place on the big rock we friendly people called gnomes like to call home’s place where the big round thing that is filled with the stuff we breath that goes into the stuff we breath and move to different places ‘s place to come down and to go back up again.”
“Couldn’t they have just called it an airport” Huck said.
Arros was stunned - he had never heard that word before but it made a lot of sense to call a port of flying things an airport, “interesting” he said smiling at his young friend. 
Gnomes were unloading the town’s supplies from gondolas that hung underneath the balloons. There was a queue of gnomes waiting to get to the counter with a sign hanging over it ‘the places where the big round thing that is filled with the stuff we breath that goes into the stuff we breath and moves to different places place of normal places to go.’ Next to it was another counter with a much shorter sign ‘other places’. Obviously the gnomes only liked going to specific places, there was no-one at the other places counter. 
The group went to the ‘other places’ counter, behind the counter was a lady gnome, who had fashionably weaved her ear hair into long pigtails. 
“Where?” she asked.
“Azacaplon.” Arros answered
“Nope.” she said and yelled “next!”
There was clearly no one behind them, but she was not going to sell them a ticket to where Arros wanted to go.
“Next” she yelled again.
“I’ll pay four gold pieces” Arros tried to persuade her.
“Next” she yelled again.
“Eight” Arros said.
“Next” she yelled again but there was a slight pause from her. The offer was getting better.
“Twelve, I’ll give you twelve gold pieces.” Arros said.
She nodded and started writing something down while Arros counted the gold and gave it to her.
In return she gave him a piece of paper and showed them towards a gnome standing between the balloons.
They walked towards this gnome and Arros gave the paper to the man who read it and looked at them, with weary eyes.
“You giants are too big, we’ll have to take two big round things that is filled with the stuff we breath that goes into the stuff we breath and moves to different places” he said.
He looked at the group for a while making a decision. 
“You, big giant and curly hair one there” he said to Arros and Logan while pointing towards one of the balloons.
“Round giant and girl there” he said pointing to a different balloon.
Huck looked a little offended, when the gnome called him a round giant, but he didn’t say anything, he just climbed into the balloon’s gondola.
When Logan and Arros climbed into theirs, Logan saw there was something that resembled a bicycle inside of it. It was connected to a propeller on the outside and he realised that was how they steered the balloon, the propeller pushing it in the direction they wanted to go.
A gnome climbed on the bicycle and nodded to the other gnomes holding the ropes that tied the balloon down. They let go and Logan could feel them rise.  He saw his friend’s faces in the other balloon, they were smiling. After all they had been through the last couple of days, a pleasant balloon ride might be what they needed to smile again.
Suddenly they heard loud screams coming from the street. Riding on what looked like big lizards was a group of men wearing armour, charging towards the balloons. In the front was a man dressed in black, his face covered behind black silk. The man yelled something to the one next to him, he looked like all the other riders but he had a plume of black hair sticking out of the top of his helmet.
The man with the plume yelled something to the riders, and Logan saw them remove their bows and take aim at the two balloons.
Arros pushed Logan down in the gondola as the first arrow took flight.
“Duck” he yelled to the other two in the balloon next to them. 
Huck and Zoey lay down in their gondola as the first arrows flew over their heads, hitting the balloon. 
An arrow hit Logan’s gondola, its head piercing through the gondola’s side, stopping very close to his face.
“Move!” Arros ordered the gnome who started pedalling frantically. The balloon began to move away from the town. Slowly at first but it picked up speed as the arrows flew overhead. Some hit the gondola and some hit the balloon. They were not big enough to do any real damage to the balloon but they were big enough to upset the gnome. Who was waving his arms and trying to steer at the same time.
 “Stop shooting holes in my big round thing that is filled with the stuff we breathe that goes into the stuff we breathe and moves to different places” he angrily yelled as they flew away from the town on the stone steps with the very long name.
****
Garron knew they were too late when he saw the balloons rise into the air. The arrows would not bring them down, and they would never be able to keep up with the Caleed in the balloons. 
Garron rode up to the gnome behind the counter that said ‘other places’. The other gnomes jumped out of his way, terrified of the dark rider and his ralek. The gigantic creature fierce teeth dripping drool over her counter. 
“Are they going to Capria?” he asked her.
She shook her head. This pleased Garron - their final destination would be Capria, there was still a chance to cut them off before they got there.
“Where?” he demanded.
“Azacaplon” she answered, terrified of the dark man on the monster.
Garron looked a little confused as he turned his ralek away from the counter. 
He couldn’t understand why they would be going to the dead city. Their final destination would certainly be Capria. Why would the tall man be taking them on a route that would lengthen their journey by so much. It did not make sense to him, but it gave him one more chance to stop the Caleed. If they travelled to Capria after Azacaplon he would be able to cut them off.  If he could rally all the warders between here and Capria he could still beat them there and spring a trap.

Chapter Ten – Azacaplon

Lord Etan was sitting on the floor of Dralor’s cavern, looking into one of his dog’s eyes. Lady Karin and Dralor were watching him. He was entranced in the eyes as if he were looking for something and paid no attention to Karin and Dralor’s conversation.
“The sun will set soon and my bats will return” Dralor said to Karin.
She nodded her head, understanding.
“They will tell me if Garron was successful” he continued.
Karin nodded her head again. 
Etan started coming out of his trance.
“He is nearer than I thought” he said.
“How long will we ride to get there?” Karin asked.
“If we depart now we will be there late tomorrow morning, Ulrek is in Azacaplon.” 
“Shall we leave or wait for the bats?” Karin asked.
“We leave; Dralor’s bats can bring us information. He will be travelling with us.” Etan said as he stood up.
Dralor was hesitant to leave his cave, hidden in the darkness was the largest treasure in all of Azania, a treasure that had taken Dralor most his life to acquire.  He had swindled, robbed and even murdered people to get his hands on their possessions. He did not live like a wealthy man even if he was the wealthiest man in Azania. His wealth was not there to impress others. No, his possessions gave him a feeling of comfort. He found solace when he touched the cold yellow metal, it reminded him of his home, a home he had not seen for many years. He had come to Azania with a mission and once he completed that task he would return home and enjoy his wealth. With his gold he could buy himself a position of rank. He would buy his power and make the ones that opposed him when he was young, his foes, bend their knees to Lord Dralor.
But before he could do all this he had to complete his task.  He now had to leave his cave and go with Etan, but that still didn’t mean that he enjoyed leaving all his possessions unattended.
He nodded his head agreeing.
“Where is he?” Karin asked 
“He is hiding in Azacaplon” Etan answered. “And he has two new ones with him” a note of concern in his voice. 
“Then Honrys Caleed Capria is preparing to announce” she said.
Etan nodded his head.
****
The cold wind cut through Logan’s tunic but he did not mind. The wind was pushing them away from the danger. He was staring over the gondola’s edge and could see Huck and Zoey doing the same from the other balloon. They were flying close to Capria and could not take their eyes off it. The side they were passing was covered in forest and he could see rivers running down the mighty mountain. Its peak was covered in mist but every now and then the mist thinned until Logan thought he saw a castle standing at its highest tip. 
“Castle Capria” Arros said anticipating the question. 
“It’s beautiful” Logan said.
“Wait, there’s more.” 
They neared the eastern side of the mountain and Logan could make out a city carved into the face of the mountain with a gigantic wall protecting it at the foot. The granite the city was cut from was sparkling in the light. The city almost looked like it was covered in glass. They were too far to see people but Logan could only imagine what kind of people would live in such a regal place. 
“Capria” Arros said.
“It’s amazing” Logan whispered in awe.
The balloon started to turn eastward away from the mountain. 
“Aren’t we going there?” he pointed back towards the mountain city.
“We must first see Ulrek” Arros said.
“Why?” 
Arros was about to answer when Logan continued.
“I know, it will all be made clear in good time.”
Arros laughed.
“You’re starting to understand the way things work.”
Logan smiled as he sat back and looked into the direction they were going. In front of the setting sun stood another mountain, it was very far away but it looked very similar to Capria.
“What’s that” he asked surprised.
“Rylon” Arros said bitterly.
Logan made the connection with the story Zoey had told them earlier.
“The enemy” he said.
“Yes.” Arros’s voice croaked as if he were on the verge of tears. “Steven told Zoey more than I thought” 
There was a long pause, Arros didn’t want to explain about Rylon and Logan didn’t want to unsettle the man by asking any more questions about it.
“Where is Azacaplon?” Logan asked. He remembered the name Arros gave the gnome when they were at the airport.
There was another sad glimmer in the tall man’s eyes.
“It lies between two great rivers called the Rahal and the Colenz. It was once the capital off Azania”
Arros sat back and closed his eyes. Logan saw that he had no intention of taking the conversation any further. He sat back and watched the big man, and for the first time since he had met him, he saw him sleep.
****
Far to the east in the dark night rode a woman and a man on a white horse. They were being followed by three dogs. The group was moving as fast as they could through the night. The horse’s nostrils flared as it filled its lungs with air trying to carry a heavier than usual load.  The man on the back said something to the woman and she reined the horse in, slowing it down. The horse was relieved for the short rest. A bat flew towards the group and landed on the man’s arm. There was chattering between the two, and the man gave the bat a piece of meat and it left.
“They have eluded Garron.” Dralor said.
“How?” the big dog that was Lord Etan growled from the ground.
“They escaped with the gnomes.”  
 “That means they will be flying and will be there before us.” Lady Karin said.
“We must stop them in Azacaplon. We cannot let them reach Capria.” the dog growled.
“Garron will prevent them from reaching Capria. He is moving into a position to cut them off, if they make it out of Azacaplon.” Dralor said.
“We cannot leave something this important to a man that has already failed us twice” Karin snapped.
The horse’s relief turned to anguish as his mistress drove her heels into its flanks. It jumped forward into a gallop, the short rest was over.
****
“Stop lying with your eyes closed. We are here” the gnome said. 
The sun was making its appearance illuminating the scenery with lines of red and black, light and shadow. Nestled between two rivers was a city that once must have been the greatest city in all of Azania. It was ten times bigger than Capria, the buildings were in ruins but Logan sensed that they were once brilliant. There were towers and spires reaching into the sky, almost touching the heavens. It was an amazing sight for the boy from Wattville, who had never seen anything like it. When he looked closer he saw something even more amazing, the streets shone like mirrors, reflecting light into the sky. Running between the two rivers was a very wide street that must be Azacaplon’s equivalent of Main Road in Wattville. The street was lined with giant statues of important people of times past. At the ends of the street stood two enormous bridges, one crossing a river on this side and one crossing a river on the other side. Logan new the rivers were called The Rahal and the Colenz from what Arros told him the previous night, but he did not know which one is which.  
The gnome guided the balloon towards dry land on the Capria side of the river and landed with a bump. 
“Out!” he said rudely.
Logan wanted to thank him but decided against it, being so rudely ordered to leave the gondola. They all climbed out of the balloons, the one gnome grunted to the other and they started pedalling their balloons back in the direction from where they came. 
“That was fun.” Zoey said watching the balloons move away.
“Did you see what this place looked like from the air.” Huck asked Logan excitedly.
“It’s unbelievable.” 
“It’s more than unbelievable, I don’t think a word has been invented to describe what this must have looked like.” Zoey added.
Arros was particularly quiet as they spoke; he was looking across the bridge at the great city with that same glint of sadness in his eyes.
“Is it bigger than Glickenswitch?” Huck asked Zoey.
“Much bigger.” 
“I wonder why it’s all covered in water.’ Huck asked.
“What do you mean water?” Logan was surprised.
“Didn’t you see all the streets were under water?”
“I thought they were mir…” he stopped himself too late.
“You thought the streets were mirrors? Huck teased “It’s clearly water, you should have taken a closer look. There’s a ripple…….”
“Okay we get it. You have super good eyes.” Logan interrupted. “That doesn’t answer why the city is covered in water.”
They were surprised when Arros gave them the answer. The mysterious man had barely given them any real information over the last few days.
“During the big battle a very important man was killed here. When he died Capria rumbled and the city sank a little into the ground. The rivers burst their banks and flooded Azacaplon, changing it forever, designating it to being a swamp of brick and stone.” 
Logan did not want to upset Arros anymore but he felt he had to know. 
“Who was this important man?” he asked.
Tears appeared in Arros’s eyes as he thought about the painful day. 
“Tamas” he said with a single tear running down his cheek. “He was my best friend and…” Arros paused and the group waited as the man composed himself, getting a hold on his emotions.
Arros looked at Logan, anguish written on his face.
“And he was also your father.” 
Logan felt like someone had hit him in the chest with a hammer. He had not thought of his parents in a very long time. Uncle Herbert told him that they died in a car accident with Huck’s parents and with Zoey’s parents when they were babies. He couldn’t remember them, he was just a baby, but the thought of their death hurt just the same. He felt like he was about to faint when he felt Arros’s strong hand on his shoulder. Arros squeezed him with a sympathetic touch. 
“Be strong young Caleed. We will undo this injustice done to you all.” he said.
“What do you mean?” Zoey asked.
Arros did not want to answer; he did not want to cause the children any more pain but they had to know.
“All your parents were killed by the same man on that day.” 
Huck and Zoey felt the same stab of pain in their hearts that Logan did. Zoey tried her best to hold her tears back, but Huck was enraged at this person and what he had done. 
“Who did it?” he asked angrily. “ what is his name?”
“Revenge is not what you seek Honrys Caleed. Revenge will not restore what you have lost, it will only cause you more pain.”
Huck’s anger was still at the surface but the way and what Arros had said calmed him down a bit until he also felt overwhelmed by sadness.
“All my life has been a lie” Zoey said sadly.
“You had to be protected.” Arros said. “It is a feeling of heartbreak you now carry, and you will carry it forever when you think of your parents, but they loved you in the same way you were loved by the ones that took care of you.”
Arros heard something in the trees while he was speaking and quickly drew his sword. A man appeared from the forest and walked towards them, he was dressed in a green tunic, almost melting in with the background of trees. He was carrying a bow made of metal covered with inscriptions, it ominous shine to it. Arros quickly sheathed his sword and cleared the tears from his face with his sleeve. 
The man walked up to Arros and knelt holding the bow for Arros to take.
“Your bow, my lord” the man said.
When Arros took the bow it didn’t look ominous any more. It looked like it was where it belonged. 
“Stand, Feist” he ordered the man. 
Feist stood up and looked Arros in his eyes. He had the look of a man that wanted to do something improper, and could not resist doing it. Feist suddenly hugged Arros and Arros hugged him back.
“Forgive me Lord.” Feist apologised. “We were not expecting you to return.”
“It’s all right Feist” Arros said slapping the man on the back. “I’m glad to see you too.”
The children were astonished; Arros the mystery man had shown more compassion in the last three minutes that he had in the last few days. The children finally realised that the man they thought was invincible, was also only human. 
“Let me introduce you.” he said to Feist as he turned him round towards the children. “These are the Caleed” 
Feist had an expression of surprise shock and ecstasy all rolled up into one on his face. He smiled as he knelt down in front of Zoey, taking her hand and kissing it.
“It is an honour to meet you Colenz Caleed.” he said.
Zoey knew exactly how to reply to the man’s greeting, she was after all a young lady of the school of Glickenswitch and they knew how to deal with stately matters and greetings.  
“The honour is mine sir Feist” she said in a regal voice.
He moved to Huck, knelt and gave Huck’s hand a firm squeeze. He looked at Arros not sure who Huck was.
“Honrys” Arros answered.
Feist turned back to Huck.
“It’s an honour to meet you Honrys Caleed” he said.
“Same here” he said.
Feist smiled at the odd reply.
Zoey shot Huck a fierce glance, had he never heard of etiquette. There was a proper way to greet people of rank. She suddenly realised it was probably too much to ask of a boy who had never set foot outside of Wattville She decided right there to address the problem as soon as she had the opportunity.  
Feist moved on to Logan.
“It is an honour to meet you Rahal Caleed” he said squeezing Logan’s hand. 
“It’s an honour to meet you too” Logan said politely.
Feist came to stand next to Arros again, the excitement of meeting the Caleed not leaving his face for a second.
“We enter Azacaplon” he said.
“Why, my lord?” Feist asked, excitement changing to surprise. “No one has been in the city in years.”
“Ulrek Honros Eneen is in the dead city waiting for us.”  
Recognition flashed over Feist’s face as he realised the implication of what Arros just said.
“The time is at hand M’lord?” he asked.
“It is indeed.” Arros answered.
“I will gather the men to escort you.”
“There is no time my friend, we have to do this alone.”
“Then I will accompany you.” 
“There is no need. Gather the others and await our return.”
“It is not safe sire, but I will do as you command”
“Thank you, you may take leave” Arros nodded.
“Good journey, m’lord” Feist greeted.
“Good journey captain”
Feist turned and disappeared back into the woods.
“Who was that crazy guy?” Huck asked only to be flashed another threatening look from Zoey.
“Obviously another friend in this dangerous land” she said.
“Yes, a very good friend” Arros added. 
He looked at the bridge.
“Now we must cross into Azacaplon” he said as he again started walking without waiting for the children, and as usual they followed.
The bridge looked as strong as the day it must have been built, it was the only thing that did not look as if it had been ruined by the war. 
“This is the river Colenz” Arros said as they walked across the bridge. “The river on the other side of the city is the Rahal” 
“That’s the same names Feist used” Zoey said.
“Yes” 
“Don’t I have a river named after me” Huck asked, again to be flashed a look from Zoey. 
“You have it backwards my young friend, you are named after the rivers” Arros said.
“Oh, is that how it works” Huck said.
“The river Honrys is further to the east.” 
Huck tilted his head, he was still thinking about their earlier conversation about north and south. Arros noted the boy’s expression.
“Or further west if that makes you feel happy.”
“No need to call it west anymore. In the balloon ride I decided to accept this crazy place for what it is, upside down is only upside down when you are right side up, but when you are upside down what is right side up. So from now on I’m alright with all Azanian terms” the red-headed boy said smiling like he had just come to term with the biggest realisation in the world. When in fact it was the most ridiculous reasoning Logan had ever heard.
Logan did not feel like talking, he still felt a pain in his heart after hearing what really happened to his parents. He knew that all these things that had been happening the last few days were centred round him and his friends. He felt like they were expected to do something. Something he didn’t understand, and to be honest he didn’t want to understand. His head swirled with thoughts of what these people wanted from him and if he could do it. Four days ago he was just a boy from Wattville looking forward to his summer holiday and an athletics tour, now he was in a strange land with strange people. He missed Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle and wished they were here with him. 
All his bothersome thoughts left his mind as they walked into the city of Azacaplon. He had seen the giant statues that lined the wide street from the air but he was not prepared for how big they really were. The first statue he saw made him stop. He stared at the familiar face on it in disbelief.
“That’s you.” he said to Arros.
“Yes” Arros answered again with that glint of sadness he had a few minutes ago.
He looked at Logan and the other two and waited a while before he continued.
 “Azacaplon was once my home and my kingdom.”

Chapter Eleven – Reunion

The group was standing at the edge of the water that led to the once great street of Azacaplon. Arros’ sad eyes scanned the great city that used to be his home and kingdom. He slowly drew his sword. 
The city had an eerie feeling to it. It was completely dead except for the water, little waves splashed against the buildings in constant movement. The last time the Wattville three felt this creepy was when they were in Blackstone, but in Blackstone even though it was dark you could still see threats around you. The water of Azacaplon was dark and uninviting as if something terrible was hiding underneath it. It was a true reflection of what Arros had called it, a swamp of brick and stone. 
“Huck, will you be able to find the place you saw in the dog’s eyes?” Arros asked.
Huck looked around for a while trying to identify something familiar. He did not know why but the city felt identifiable, like he knew the place on some level even if he can’t remember ever being here.
“I think so. I think it’s to the right of this big street.” 
“The southern part of the city.”  
“If that’s what it’s called.” 
“I want you to hold hands and stay very close to me” Arros said “Keep your eyes open for any movement in the water, and if you see something let me know”
Arros had just confirmed what they were afraid of, the city was called the dead city but hidden in the water was something even he was afraid of.
“Why?” Zoey was the first to ask. 
“Don’t be scared, they are usually more afraid of us than we are of them, but there are snakes in the water.”
“How big are they?”
“Not big enough to be scary.”
“Then why do you have your sword out?” Zoey asked, stating the obvious.
“Just in case” 
Arros slowly put his foot in the water and it came halfway up his boot. He felt the ground with his foot making sure of his footing and then he put his other foot into the water.
“Be careful, the ground is slippery”
Logan almost fell when he entered the water but Huck and Zoey held him up. The water did not run into their boots, but they could feel it was cold through the leather. They scanned the water nervously, as they took their first steps. They had never seen a real snake but just the thought of one was terrifying enough to make them hold tighter to each other’s hands. 
The water sloshed around their calves as they walked, at first it was difficult walking on the slippery surface but they soon got used to it. You had to plant your full weight on a foot before you lifted the other one, and you had to be sure your planted foot wasn’t sliding anywhere.
Huck was just about to plant a foot when he saw a ripple in the water moving in a different direction than the other waves. In his excitement he slipped and would have fallen, if he hadn’t held on to Logan. 
“There!” Huck yelled pointing to a spot in the water to the left of Arros.
The ripple in the water sped towards the group and when it was in striking distance it lifted its head out of the water. 
The exposed part of the snake stood as high as Arros and it hissed at him. Its body was as thick as a man’s leg and its hood spread out as it prepared to strike. 
It lunged at the tall man but he jumped aside, slicing upwards with his sword. The blade removed the snake’s head and it splashed down into the water. The remaining body wriggled for a few seconds then it was floating, dead still in the water.
“That thing didn’t look like it was scared to me” Huck was terrified.
“And it didn’t look too small either” Logan added.
“Then it’s a good thing you kept your eyes open” Arros said as he continued their walk.
The Wattville three gave each other a quick glance and then followed the man with the sword. 
****
They had walked for what felt like hours, the walk was slow and tedious. The constant splashing of the water would have put a normal person into a trance but Logan, Huck and Zoey were constantly scanning the water surface for any movement. They did not come all this way, just to be eaten by a snake.
They were still walking down the big street when Arros suddenly changed direction and turned left into another big street.
“I’m sure the place I saw was the other way” Huck objected.
“We will need some help” Arros said. 
“I thought this city was dead and no one lived here anymore” Logan asked uncertainly. 
“It is dead and there are no more people living here but…” he stopped mid-sentence like he was trying to think of a way to explain “You’ll see,” he finished.
The three friends just looked at him wondering what he meant when they saw the sides of his mouth curl up in a quick smile.
“Trust me” he said when he saw their expressions.
****
They stood in front of the palace in awe. It was made out of white granite with black lines running in the stone. There were several spires made out of black and white granite that almost looked like large black and white candy canes stretching into the sky. 
Logan thought five hundred people could easily live in the buildings. Some of the walls had been pushed over by trees trying to grow where they wouldn’t have when the city still stood above the water. Some of the walls were covered in moss and damp but the building was still impressive.
“What do you think” Arros asked.
“It must have been amazing” Zoey said.
“It was” Arros said as he started to climb the stairs towards the entrance of the palace. 
“Was this your home?” Zoey asked, following him up the stairs.
“Yes, we have to hurry it’s getting late and we still have to find Ulrek.”
The doors of the palace were made out of dark wood and one still stood proudly in its place, the other door was open, hanging from a single hinge.  They entered the palace through the hanging door.
Inside were high hallways running in three directions. They went down the one to the left walking hastily, not being slowed down by water around their ankles any more. Old paintings and tapestries hung from the walls covered with moss or destroyed by damp. 
There were several hallways running out of the one they were moving down but Arros kept on following the main hallway. Finally they reached the end and stopped in front of a door. 
The door had holes in it where gems and gold had once decorated it. There was one thing that drew the children’s attention though; it was the symbol in the middle of the door. 
The symbol was made up of three rivers in the background and a bow in front. The thing that amazed Logan and his friends was the bow, which was a perfect picture of the one Feist had  given to Arros outside of the city, the same bow the tall man now had strapped to his back. 
“The crest of Azacaplon” Arros said “the three great rivers of Azania, and the Bow of Aza”
Arros opened the door.
In the middle of the room standing upright was a large disc cut out of white stone. It looked like a giant stone wheel but it was not going to move anywhere, it was cemented to the ground. In the centre of the disc was a hole. 
 Seven thrones lined the wall of the circular room, they were made out of dark wood and didn’t look too comfortable. Each throne had something carved into the backrest. When they looked closer they saw that the throne right behind the disc had the Crest of Azacaplon carved into it. The two thrones on each side of it had a wing- shaped emblem that resembled the mark on Logan’s arm. The thrones beside those ones had the emblem of two arrows, like the ones on Huck arms carved into them, and the last two thrones that completed the circle had a spiral like the mark Zoey had on her hand. 
The three from Wattville were silent, usually they would have had hundreds of questions but they were too amazed to speak.
“The throne room of Azacaplon” Arros announced “It is where the Caleed and the King of the Aroua used to meet” he said stepping inside.
“You mean there are other Caleed?” Zoey asked.
“Yes, you are not the first ones, there have been many before you and hopefully there will be many after you” Arros answered. 
“Why are there two seats for each one of us?” Huck enquired.
“One throne each for the Caleed Capria and one seat each for the Caleed Rylon.”
“The enemy” Huck said amazed.
“They were not always the enemy, we were friends once”
“What happened?” 
“Not now my young friend, you will have to wait.”
He walked over to the upright disc and removed something from his pocket.
“Wait for what?” 
“You’ll see” the tall man said with a smile on his face.
The thing he removed from his pocket was the amulet Aunt Belle had given to Zoey the night they escaped from the garing. He lifted the amulet and pushed it into the hole in the disc, where it was a perfect fit.
“Stand back” he said pushing the group away from the disc. “They will need some space”
“Who?” Logan asked 
“The previous Colenz and Honrys Caleed” Arros answered.
The disc started to glow and make a humming noise. Logan and his friends were excited and confused at the same time. They would finally meet people like them, people that knew more than they did and maybe would explain what was going on.
The glow became very bright and started to change into a cone that led down a tunnel of light. The amulet floated in the air in front of the open cone, then it slowly started to drift upward making way for whatever was coming through the cone. 
Huck yelped as a gigantic brown dog jumped out of the cone and almost landed on him. Things worsened for Huck as another dog followed, also almost landing on him.
“No more dogs” Huck yelled as he stared at the two standing in front of him, trying to back away from them. “I’ve had enough of dogs. Please, no more dogs”
A man stepped out of the cone and the children’s faces brightened. It was Uncle Herbert.  He moved aside as Aunt Belle appeared behind him. 
Before anybody could say anything Aunt Belle had picked up all three the children and were giving them a firm but very welcome hug.  
“I’m so glad to see you’re safe” she said.
The hug lasted for almost a whole minute, then it was Uncle Herbert’s turn to hug them. He hugged them in the same manner but did not say a thing. Words could not express his feelings to be reunited with the children he had cared for, for so long. 
Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle were dressed in the same clothes they were wearing the day the Wattville three left; their baking aprons.
Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle moved on to greet their old friend Arros. After greetings were exchanged Aunt Belle had a look around to find out where they were.
“What are we doing in Azacaplon? I thought we’d be in Capria?”
“Ulrek is supposed to be here. Huck saw him in the city and knows where to find him.” Arros answered.
“Then we will do so” Uncle Herbert said as he turned back to the children. “So, has Arros been doing a good job looking after you?”
The children just nodded their heads smiling. All the adventures and scares from the last few days had been moved to the back of their minds. Their fears had disappeared for a while, looking at the people that had been trusted to look after them, the people that had been their foster parents all their lives, the only two people they really trusted. 
Logan was still thinking about what Arros said before Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle appeared.
“Are you the Caleed?” he asked.
“We were once.” Uncle Herbert answered.
“And my parents?” Logan asked. He did not know how to phrase the question correctly, he only said what he thought would get him an answer.
Uncle Herbert knelt next to Logan looking the boy in the eyes and gently answered “Your father was Rahal Caleed. Your mother was from Holderum, they were wonderful people and loved by all of Azania” A tear came to his eye. ”With their death our unity was broken and we were Caleed no more.”
“And our parents? Were they Caleed?” Huck asked in the same short manner.
“No, Honrys and Colenz Caleed are never the children of Caleed. They were Aroua” Uncle Herbert said.
“Arros’s people” Zoey stated.
“Yes, the Aroua are Arros’s people. Your parents and Huck’s lived here in Azacaplon. They were our friends and we loved them like family. When they asked us to be your godparents it was our proudest moment” He paused for a moment, a sad memory “We did not know that a few months later Rylon would attack the city destroying all that we held dear and that we would have to flee our land to hide you.” 
“It’s sad to think of all the pain you have had to endure, and we wish that we could have done more to protect all your parents, but their wishes were to keep you safe and we had to do as they asked.” Aunt Belle finished.
“Why did you lie to us in Wattville telling us our parents passed away in a motor accident?” Logan wanted to know.
“Would you have believed us if we told you the truth,” Aunt Belle answered.
Aunt Belle hugged the group again, trying to soothe her own pain more than the pain of the others.
Arros picked up the red amulet which had fallen to the ground after the cone closed. He held it out to Aunt Belle. She was still hugging the children and stretched to take it from him. 
Uncle Herbert was patting his dogs. They looked fierce the first time Huck saw them but now Huck could see the love in their eyes, as they stared at their master with admiration. If they had tails he believed they would be wagging them but they were cut short almost a thumbs length away from their rears. The dogs sat with open mouths that Huck thought almost looked as if they were smiling.
“Where did they come from?” he asked Uncle Herbert.
“They are from Azania” Uncle Herbert answered.
“I mean in the bakery, they weren’t there and when you put your hands together they appeared out of nowhere to fight the garing.” 
“They are always with me, even in Wattville. They might not have been standing next to me, but I could always feel them and when need be, I could summon them.” he answered.
“That’s weird” Huck said confused “I don’t understand it”
Uncle Herbert smiled.
“You will soon” 
Huck was quietly trying to figure out what Uncle Herbert meant. He wished they would just tell him what they meant instead of always giving him just a bit of information hoping he could resolve it himself. 
“When?” he asked.
“Soon”
Aunt Belle stepped in, changing the topic.
“I haven’t been here since we left. Is all of Azacaplon like this?” she asked about the rundown room she was standing in
“It’s worse” Arros said with a glint of anger. 
She put her hand on his shoulder in a reassuring manner.
“It might not be the same but it’s good to be back” she said.

Chapter Twelve – Ulrek

Logan had the impression that Huck had no idea where he was going. It felt like they had almost covered the entire city. After reuniting with Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle he felt more relaxed and started taking in the sights of Azacaplon for the first time. Previously he was too focused on the water and any sign of a snake or the ripple that it brought to the water, but now he felt safe with his godparents by his side and he had no doubt that Uncle Herbert’s dogs would warn them and protect them if they were to run into another snake. 
The city must have been a marvellous place to live. They had passed through an area that could only have been living quarters and he was in awe of the buildings, now they were ruined but he could see that they were once magnificent, he had never seen such detailed architecture in his life. Every building was build with one purpose and that was to be spectacular, even the shops looked like they were very lavish and would have put their old bread resembling building in Wattville to shame.
While Logan was taking all of this in he started to understand the underlying sadness Arros always carried in his eyes. He did not only lose his palace, but he lost his entire city and the people that lived in it.  Logan realised that a lot of the feelings Arros carried inside were centred around guilt, this had been the city of his ancestors, it had been the city of his people, and he was obligated to protect these people. Logan knew that no-one could have anticipated what happened but he now understood that Arros felt that he had failed as a leader and that was the weight the tall man always carried on his shoulders.     
They turned a corner and Logan saw what could only have been a park, it now resembled a lake with dead trees. Its grass and pathways buried under water. He was still staring at the park when he heard Zoey speaking to Huck. 
“Do you know where you’re going?” she whispered.
“Strangely enough, I do” Huck answered sarcastically.
“You said that an hour ago” 
“I can’t explain it but it’s like I’m being drawn towards something or someone. Each street we go down feels right, like I’ve walked this route many times before.” he whispered to both his friends. “And I don’t think it’s far now.”
“I hope not” Zoey said.
“Me too, my feet are freezing.” Logan added.
Luckily Huck was right. After five more minutes of walking they stood in front of a building with a tower.
“That’s it” Huck said.
“What?” Zoey asked.
“It’s the building I saw in the eyes of Wratig’s dog”
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, that has to be the building. It looks exactly the same.”
Half of the roof was caved in and the tower’s dome had disappeared but there was a warm and inviting light burning inside the cold stone building. They climbed a few steps to the building’s entrance just to get their feet out of the water. Logan sat down because he wanted to remove his boots just to see if his feet were still there, they were numb and he was convinced that they might have changed into blocks of ice. He stopped when he saw Uncle Herbert standing over him staring at the group like he was waiting for something.
“Go on.” he said.
They didn’t know what to do and just stared at him in until he indicated with his hand that they should move up the steps. 
Logan stood up and started climbing again but was stopped by Uncle Herbert.
“Just Huck, the rest of us will wait here.” 
Huck shots his friends worried glances like he was trying to say that he did not want to meet want to meet Ulrek Honrys Eneen, the watcher of dogs on his own.  He had had enough of dogs, first the Whittle’s dog, then the garing, followed by the Glaad Eneen’s dogs and even Uncle Herbert’s dogs. Now he was supposed to meet the man in charge of watching dogs on his own.
“No way,” he said. 
“You don’t have a choice my young friend. You have to see Ulrek before we can go to Capria.” Arros said.
“No way. I’m not going in there alone, maybe he can come out and you guys can hide to keep an eye on me. I think that ….”
“It is the way it has to be,” Uncle Herbert interrupted “Ulrek will do you no harm.”
“It’s not him I’m afraid of.  How many dogs does the watcher of dogs have?”
“Go inside and see.” Uncle Herbert said in a calming voice.
Huck dropped his head sickened with the task that he had to complete, and it was made worst when he heard Uncle Herbert chuckle.
“Don’t worry, you’re going to come out a changed man” he said smiling.
It didn’t do much to encourage Huck as he climbed the steps. 

The building didn’t have any rooms - the interior was just a large hall. Daylight entered the room through the caved- in roof illuminating everything except for one corner under a black glass window. An old man was sitting next to a lamp busy with something at his ankles. The old man looked a lot like Wratig, he wore the same kind of robe and had a long white beard. Huck treaded as softly as he could, hoping the old man wouldn’t notice him. 
“I’ve been waiting for you” Ulrek said without turning his head to look at him. Huck’s was astonished, how did Ulrek hear him, he was sure he barely made a sound?
Huck didn’t know what to do. He looked around to see if there were any more dogs around but to his relief the room looked empty. 
“Well, come closer” 
Huck slowly walked closer. His muscles fighting to keep him moving forward while his mind just wanted to turn and run.
“Hurry up I don’t have all day” the old man said impatiently, not doing much to help Huck move any faster.   
He stopped in front of the old man and saw there were two puppies at his feet. He thought they couldn’t be more than a few days old. Their eyes were still closed and for the first time he wasn’t afraid at the sight of dogs. He still didn’t know what to say so he started with a greeting.
“Hello.” 
“Sit down.” Ulrek said.
Huck sat in the only other available seat.
“Did they tell you what will happen now?” Ulrek asked.
“Umm, no.” 
“Good.” Ulrek said.
Ulrek spoke in short direct sentences that sounded rude but there was a kind quality to his voice, that kindness that caretakers always have. He picked up a puppy and gave it to Huck.
“This one’s name is Rock.” he said as Huck took the puppy and put it on his lap. He was a little surprised, but what else could he do. Ulrek picked up the second puppy and gave it to him.  
“This one is Brock.” he said.
Again Huck put it on his lap. He might not be afraid of them but he had no intention of holding them. The dogs curled up on his lap, finding the most comfortable position to fall asleep.
“They are yours.” Ulrek said.
“Mine?” Huck asked surprised.
“Yes, that’s why you’re here young Honrys Caleed” Ulrek answered “What did you think you were here for?”
“I don’t know, but definitely not to get dogs. I don’t know the first thing about taking care of them and to be honest I don’t really like dogs that much. Thank you for your kind gesture but I can’t accept these dogs” Huck said trying to pick up Rock and Brock and give them back to Ulrek.
Ulrek lifted his hand to stop Huck.
“Herbert was the same when I gave him Zirk and Dirk” he said smiling. “He didn’t want his hounds either but you cannot be the Watch Keeper without the Hounds of Honrys”
“Watch Keeper?” Huck asked 
“Honrys Caleed is the Watch Keeper” Ulrek said. “You and your hounds will be the watchdogs of Capria”
Huck stared at him stupefied.
“I’ll show you” Ulrek said when he saw Huck’s stunned expression. “Give me your stone”
“Stone?”  was all he could get out.
“The green stone that you received, it’s called the stone of Unification.” 
“I don’t have it any more.”  It had disappeared when the fire shot out of the ground when they were in Blackstone.
“Don’t worry” Ulrek said and moved closer to Huck. “Please roll up your sleeves and hold your arms out towards me, holding your palms up.”
Huck rolled up his sleeves revealing the arrow marks on his forearms. He turned his hands around so his palms were facing upwards, this made the marks on his arms turn towards the floor.
“This is going to feel strange but I promise it will not hurt you” Ulrek said gently.
Ulrek took Huck’s arms in his hands with his palms over the marks. Huck suddenly felt a burning sensation. He could not see the marks, but he knew they were glowing green because the ground between him and Ulrek had suddenly lit up with a bright green light. 
The burning sensation was not painful but it did feel very odd. He felt a strange feeling in the palm of his right hand and when he looked at it he saw his skin rise like something was trying to come out of it. Huck was scared, the skin of his palm rose until it tore open. The green stone he had been holding the night Rusty tried to attack them appeared through the tear. It stopped on top of his palm.
Ulrek removed the stone from his hand and Huck saw it was back to normal. There wasn’t even a scar.
“That wasn’t too painful was it?” Ulrek asked.
“No” Huck said still staring at his hand. 
“Then you will trust me for the next thing?” Ulrek asked.
“Yeeeeees” Huck said, not too sure what to expect.
“I want you to hold Rock and Brock against your chest and watch the stone in my hands” Ulrek said.
Huck held the two dogs to his chest. They yelped a bit, not too happy being disturbed from their sleep.
Ulrek had both palms showing upward with the stone in his right hand. He clapped his hands together in front of Huck’s face holding them vertically. He started rubbing his hands like he was trying to warm the stone. 
Huck could see the same green glow appear in the cracks of Ulrek’s hands, the glow became brighter and brighter until Huck could barely make out Ulrek’s face. Ulrek clapped his hands once and the stone was gone as well as the green light. 
Ulrek clapped his hands again and disappeared in front of Huck’s eyes.
Suddenly it was black, Huck couldn’t see a thing, and he screamed in terror.
****
Logan and Zoey were sitting on the steps patting Uncle Herbert’s dogs. The dogs seemed very friendly and they looked like they were enjoying the attention they were receiving. The dog Logan was patting curled his head back and wagged his stump tail when Logan found the right spot behind his ear. 
“The one you’re busy with is called Zirk” he said to Logan “and that one is Dirk” he said referring to the one Zoey was patting. 
“Did you miss them when you were in Wattville?” Zoey asked.
“More than you can imagine, I knew they were close by, but not being able to see them or play with them made me miss them very much. When they are in the void they sleep waiting for me to call them. The void is where they go when they are not needed, but I feel guilty having to have kept them there for so long.”
“How old are they” Logan asked.
“They don’t age but they’ve been with me for a very long time. Let me think. I’ve had them for almost thirty years” 
“And how old were you when you got them” Zoey asked.
“It was just after my tenth birthday” he answered. “Ulrek gave them to me like he is now giving Huck his.”
Logan and Zoey’s eyes brightened.
“Is Huck going to get dogs?” they both asked. “He’s not going to be happy about that.”
“Don’t worry, he will, believe me” Uncle Herbert said.
They were wondering what their friend’s reaction was going to be to this when they heard him yell in terror.
They jumped up to go help but were stopped by Uncle Herbert.
“We can’t go in now, he has to do this on his own”
****
Huck was floating in darkness, the only thing he could see was Rock and Brock floating beside him. He was terrified, why had he trusted the old man. Suddenly he heard Ulrek’s voice but it did not come through his ears, the voice was in his head.
‘You will be the eyes and ears of a nation and its people.’
 ‘Your senses will be like those of an eneen, you will hear and see things like a watchdog. With your eneen by your side you will form one pillar of Caleed Capria’
 ‘You must trust them and they will trust you.’ 
‘You will have abilities that will help you in your charge as from now on you are Honrys Caleed Capria, the Watch Keeper of Capria.’
The voice in his head stopped and suddenly the darkness shifted to light. Thousands of images flashed in his head. They did not make sense. They were of people he did not know. Places he did not know. Memories that weren’t his. They were the collective memories of all the Honrys Caleeds before him. He could not interpret their memories but he felt, clarity about himself, who he was, what he was. 
He was the Watch Keeper, the protector.
He felt a bound being created between him and his eneen, it was like he could sense their thoughts.
He suddenly knew what some his abilities were and how to use them.
He knew his task and he knew that in time he would know what the task of Rahal and Colenz were.
The light faded and he felt a crushing weight on his chest. It got heavier until he could almost not breathe any more. Then he felt a wet sensation on his face.
He opened his eyes to see Rock and Brock sitting on his chest licking his face. They were not the same little puppies any more, they were full sized dogs just like the ones of Uncle Herbert.
He actually smiled when he saw the dogs, and grabbed them around their necks giving them a hug. Nobody would ever have thought Huck Huckleby would be hugging dogs in his life.
Then he heard Ulrek’s voice in his head again. The old man was nowhere to be seen but the voice was there.
‘In time when you are ready I will come to you. I will teach you what you do not know or understand but now you must leave.’
‘Tell Herbert that Etan is near.’
****
Logan and Zoey were more than surprised to see Huck exit the building with two dogs by his side, they had a hundred questions they wanted to shoot at him but his face warned them of something else.
“Ulrek said that I must tell you that Etan is near” Huck said to Uncle Herbert.
Arros slipped his iron bow from his shoulder, and in one fluid movement had an arrow nocked, and spun around looking up and down the streets.
Logan got a fright as he saw Uncle Herbert turn into a gigantic dog right in front of his eyes. He turned to Huck to see what his friend’s response would be to this but he was even more surprised to see Huck also change into a dog. He was not as big as Uncle Herbert but just as frightening. 
“Leave!” the big dog growled at the others. “Huck, you come with me” The big dog sniffed the air. “Do you smell them?” it asked the smaller dog.
“Yes, they’re coming from that direction” Huck said pointing his snout down one of the streets.
Arros grabbed Logan, throwing him onto his back.
“I have to carry you again, your legs are too short and the water will slow you down too much.”
  Aunt Belle did the same with Zoey. Logan and Zoey had no say in what was happening, they just held on to the backs of the adults.
“We’ll meet at the Bridge Colenz” Arros yelled to Uncle Herbert.
“Yes” the big dog growled. 
Logan saw the six dogs splash down the street, as he and Zoey were carried off in the other direction. Like so many times over the last few days a pang of fear hit the boy again but this time it wasn’t for himself but for Huck. All he could do was hope that his friend stays safe as they once again ran into unknown danger.

Chapter Thirteen – Announcement

Huck didn’t know how he did it. When he saw Uncle Herbert change it just happened and it felt like the most natural thing he had ever done. It was like his body was excited to shift into a form that it had been hiding for a long time. 
He had been changing since they got to Azania. When they were on the Stone Steps he felt he could see further and clearer than his friends. He heard things before they did, if they heard them at all. And he could smell things much better. When they ate roashrooms for the first time the scent was overpowering.
Now it was like all his senses had come together, they were so powerful he felt they would warn him of any lurking danger, and his new form would help him protect the others from these dangers. He had always been strong for his age, but as a dog he didn’t just feel strong he felt powerful. 
The scent was getting stronger but he was amazed how far they had travelled. He was actually enjoying the running, something he never would have done in human form. The scent smelled like Uncle Herbert and his dogs but different. There was also the smell of what he thought was a big animal with a strong sweaty odour to it. He could also smell a woman, but the last smell was something that made him feel uncomfortable. It was a man, a man with a foul smell, the smell of something evil.
“What are we going to do when we find them?” he asked the big dog.
“We’ll do what we can to stop them or slow them down,” Uncle Herbert answered. “Do you feel it in you?”
“Yes.”
He felt ready, his whole life had changed these last few days but the changes he went through in the last few minutes made almost everything clear, or at least his part. Whatever he had to do he felt confident that he could do it.
****
They were moving much faster than they would have if Logan and Zoey had to run through the water. Their legs were too short to match the stride of Arros and Aunt Belle as they splashed down the streets of Azacaplon. 
Logan and Zoey looked back almost continuously. In their hearts they were hoping to catch a glimpse of Huck and Uncle Herbert. Their friend had changed into a dog in front of their eyes, and even though the adults had enough confidence to send him off into danger, they were afraid for his life wished he was by their side running away from danger, not into it.   
“Will they be all right?” Zoey asked Aunt Belle.
“Uncle Herbert will look after him.” 
“If they stayed with us he wouldn’t have to. They’d be safer with us.” Zoey said.
“I know how you feel sweetheart, but this is another thing that Huck must do.” 
“Why?” Logan asked.
“He is Honrys Caleed, he must announce himself” Arros said. 
Logan could see the Bridge Colenz in the distance over Arros’s shoulder. He knew the bridge meant safety for them but he did not know what Huck was about to face and if he would ever reach the bridge. 
He was looking back again trying to see Huck when he saw the ripple. Something was moving under the water, something big. The ripple shot past them with amazing speed, until its entire body was between them and the bridge and then it lifted its head. 
The snake raised to twice the height of Arros, and Logan could see a fair amount of its body was still in the water. It was gigantic compared to the first snake the encountered and when it opened its mouth Logan thought that it was big enough to swallow Arros in one gulp. It had two frightening fangs and its split tongue dripped saliva, waiting for its next meal. 
The snake hissed measuring its prey, preparing to strike.
****
In front of Huck stood three dogs one of them was bigger than the other two and it growled when it saw Uncle Herbert. Behind them was a lady in a blue dress sitting on a white horse. Next to her horse stood a man dressed in a black cloak with the hood up. His face covered with a piece of black silk. He looked very similar to the man who chased them on the Stone Steps, but the way that he held himself gave Huck the impression he was much older. He knew this man in black was where the uncomfortable smell came from. 
Zirk and Dirk sneered at the other dogs as if they had encountered each other before, and it was not a pleasant affair.  
The big dog moved forward turning its attention to Uncle Herbert who was standing a few paces in front of Huck.
“I see you’ve grown fat, Herbert” it growled.
“And I see you’ve grown stupid, Etan” Uncle Herbert growled back. “You three are no match for me and Honrys Caleed, he is about to announce”
“He is a child and his eneen are only pups. Once I’m finished with you I’ll have pleasure in ending their existence” Etan said before turning his attention to Huck. “Did he tell you that he has already failed in his duty once?”
“You betrayed us” Uncle Herbert snapped angrily.
“You could not protect Tamas, do you really think you can protect this little pup.” Etan growled mockingly. “Some Watch Keeper you were, all the people you were suppose to protect are dead.”
At the last comment Uncle Herbert lost control and jumped at Etan. Zirk and Dirk short on his heels also launching an attack.
The six dogs fought each other in a growling ball of teeth and claws. 
Lady Karen charged her horse towards Huck and his dogs. 
Usually he would have frozen or run, but somewhere inside him he knew what to do. He looked at Rock and Brock, the hair on their backs standing on end as they prepared to attack. Huck changed into human form and grabbed the dogs by those hairs, one in each hand. 
The hair came loose and suddenly, he was holding two fistfuls of hair in his hands. He opened his hands and the hair drifted down and when it touched the water each hair exploded into a wolf.
Twenty four white wolves, but they weren’t simple wolves they were garings. They looked just as fierce as the first time Huck saw one in the bakery but they were his.
Twelve of the garings surrounded Huck protecting him from Karen and her horse. 
The other twelve joined Uncle Herbert’s fight and attacked Etan and his dogs. It did not take long for the garings to get the upper hand, Etan and his eneen gave up the fight and slowly stepped away from dogs and wolves.  
Karen’s horse reared and tried to bring its front hoof down on one of the garings but it never hit its mark.
The garings separated the two groups from each other, creating a barrier between Huck and Uncle Herbert from the others.
The garings started backing them down an alley.
“The Caleed have returned, and your time is nearing its end” Uncle Herbert growled to their retreating foes. 
“You are not out of our grasp yet” Etan Warned.
A second before the garings forced them around the corner Huck saw the man in black looking at the setting sun as if he were waiting for it to go away.
“Now my young friend, announce yourself!” Uncle Herbert ordered.
Huck knew what to do. The memories of the previous Honrys Caleed guided him. He understood what it meant to announce and he knew what would happen when he did. They channelled his thoughts until he knew exactly what to do. 
He knelt in the water, rolled up his sleeves until his arrow marks were visible. 
He lifted his fists into the air and drove them down into the water as hard as he could until he pounded the ground.
A red flame erupted from the earth underneath Huck, enveloping him and his eneen. The flame was cylindrical and reached high into the sky. It was so high that hundreds of miles away in the valley of the Glaad Eneen Wratig and his son could see it rise. 
Huck sat in the centre of the flame and looked at the world with new eyes. Azania was his new home and he had just let it know that he is here.
****
Far to the south east a man sat smoking his pipe as he watched the skies. He was middle aged with long blond hair and built like a solid stone wall, short but strong. 
It had become a ritual to watch the night sky and he had done so every day for ten years. He was waiting to see a beacon, some sign that would show him which direction to go. When the sun was about to set he would light a pipe and prepare himself for the signal. He scanned the skies hoping to see what he was looking for and tonight, after all these years, it was there. It was still daylight but it was clear enough.
A single beam of red light shot into the sky.
I smile cracked across the man’s face.
“Liam.” he called.
A man of the same stocky build came to stand next to him.
“Yes Lezan.”
“Did you see it?”
“Yes. Honrys Caleed has announced”
Lezan stood up and looked Liam in the eye. He put his hand on the man’s shoulder.
“It is time my friend” Lezan paused for a while comprehending what the beam represented to him. “Tomorrow we will return home”
“I will begin the preparations” Liam smiled. 
****
Arros was in a fierce battle with the snake. He blocked every strike the snake made with his sword, launching several blows, but the snake eluded every one. Logan was crouched next to Aunt Belle watching the big man’s battle. 
The snake coiled its body around Arros’s legs and pulled him over. As he fell Arros blocked another strike but he was now on his back in the water and clearly at a disadvantage. The snake coiled its body around Arros until only his arms and head were free, if it could not bite him it would squeeze him to death.
“Do something” Zoey yelled at Aunt Belle and Logan.
But there was no need as a sudden burst of red light distracted the snake. It lifted its head to see where the light was coming from and made a fatal mistake. If it were possible to see an expression on a snake’s face it would have been surprise, as Arros lopped its head off.
Logan looked around at what was making the bright red light and saw a giant red flame reaching into the sky. 
“Honrys Caleed has announced” Arros said. ‘Our young friend had done what we came to Azacaplon for, but we are not out of danger yet. We must hurry to the bridge.”
****
Huck was running towards the bridge. The moon was rising behind it and he could see his friends climbing out of the water. He did not have to look back to see if Etan was chasing them, he had a bond with his garings almost like the one he had with Rock and Brock. He could feel each one of them fighting with their foes, he could also feel each garing’s thought disappear as its life ended during the fight. At first these feelings upset him, Etan the woman on the horse and the man in black were killing his wolves one by one but the memories in his head ensured him that he should not feel regret for these creatures. They were created with one purpose and that was to give him and Uncle Herbert enough time to get away. Honrys Caleed should never think of his garings as creatures, they only exist for a short time and when that time is past they return to the void. They are not living things, they are tools to be used. Huck was still trying to wrap his mind around these thought when he sensed something through the last garing. It was biting one of Etan’s eneen when it was distracted by the sound of millions of shrieks, Etan pounced on it biting down on the back of its neck and suddenly its senses disappeared, the garing was dead and returned to the void. Etan was free to pursue them again but he was not sure what that sound was that cost his last garing its existence. 
He and Uncle Herbert were running at a pace that the fastest horse wouldn’t have been able to keep up with. They weren’t too far away from the bridge when he heard the same shrieks he sensed through the garing. 
It sounded like a wall of millions of flying bats.
****
“Cross the bridge” Arros yelled.  He had sheathed his sword and his bow was loaded and in his hand.
Logan followed Aunt Belle and Zoey across the bridge. Looking back he could see six dogs running down the wide street towards them. Behind them something moved into his sight, a moving black wall that completely darkened the setting sun. 
In front of the wall of black rode a lady on a horse and next to her ran three dogs. Logan could barely make it out but he could have sworn that he saw a man being carried by millions of bats that made up the wall. 
“Run” Arros yelled.
Arros stared to run as Huck and Uncle Herbert set their paws on the bridge. 
The entire group reached the other side of the bridge at the same time.
They stopped and looked across the bridge at the approaching wall of bats and what ran in front of it. 
Arros pulled his bowstring back.
“Air” he yelled as he let the arrow fly.
The arrow flew over the bridge and there was the sudden sound of a howling wind. A gust of air was following the arrow.
The water rippled and dust was blown up from the buildings.
The arrow flew past the woman on the horse and disappeared in the wall of bats. 
The wind hit the lady on the horse so hard she fell off. 
The dogs were blown off their feet and tumbled down the street.
The wall of bats disintegrated as they were blown out of the sky, and the man flying with them tumbled to the earth. 
Arros loaded another arrow.
“Earth” he yelled firing the arrow into the middle of the bridge.
The arrow penetrated the stone and stopped. Then it started to wiggle itself deeper in until it completely disappeared.
The ground started to shiver. First the movement was gentle but then it developed into a violent shake. Logan had to grab on to Zoey just to stay upright, even Huck who was standing on four legs found it difficult.
The bridge’s shake intensified, small cracks appeared and soon grew to large craters. 
The holes started to connect with each other until there was nothing holding the stones in place any longer. The bridge started to rattle itself apart and fall into the River Colenz. 
Just as suddenly as it started it stopped. The ground was not shaking any more and the thunderous sound was gone, as well as the bridge Colenz that now lay at the bottom of the river with the same name. 
“We’re safe,” Uncle Herbert said looking across the river. Etan and Karin were back on their feet but they had no way to cross the river, he stared at his enemies and then said “for now.” 

Chapter Fourteen – David

“You’re bleeding!” Aunt Belle said to Uncle Herbert.
The big dog looked down to his ribs and saw he had several deep cuts.
“Only scratches, nothing you can’t fix.”
“Change back so I can have a look at it.” Aunt Belle said.
Uncle Herbert changed back into his human form and even though he didn’t want to show it, Logan could see that he was in a lot of pain. The strange thing was that there was no damage to Uncle Herbert’s clothes, except for some blood stains there was no proof that Uncle Herbert had been in a fight.  He undid his baker’s apron and lifted his shirt for Aunt Belle to see. That was when Logan noticed the wounds, Uncle Herbert’s clothes had no damage but his ribs had several deep cuts running down the length. The wounds actually looked a lot worse now than they did when he was in dog form.  
Aunt Belle inspected his wounds, the she held her hand against the wound and the spiral in the palm of her hand started to emanate green light. She slowly shone the light over all his wounds, cleaning them, stopping the blood. When she removed her hand the wounds looked a lot healthier. They were not completely healed but had stopped bleeding and scabs had formed over the wounds.  
“Like I said, nothing you can’t fix.” Uncle Herbert said.
“If you lost any more blood you’d be lying on the ground right now.” she said. “You’re not as young as you think, big dog” she finished smiling, almost teasing.
“How’d you do that?” Zoey wanted to know.
“It’s a little trick I have left from being Colenz Capria” Aunt Belle winked at her.
“Will I be able to do that?”
“Yes you will, and so much more.”
“When?” Zoey wanted to know impatiently.
“In time dear, you will announce and understand everything that is happening to you like Huck does” Aunt Belle said “but first you’ll have to wait until it’s your time.” 
Logan realised the conversation was at an end, every time the adults mentioned time or wait your turn it meant that they were done explaining something. So turned his attention to the river Colenz and stared across it trying to see any movement in the city. There was no sign of the lady on the horse or the dogs that ran with her. When they saw there was no way to cross the river they left. He was wondering how long it would take them to find another bridge. 
Arros saw his young friend staring down the street and stood next to him. He gently put his hand on his shoulder.
“We are safe from them for now, the only other bridge where they can cross is two days ride away.” 
Logan looked up at the bow hanging on Arros’ shoulder. There were letters carved into it, from a language and alphabet he did not know. He remembered the first time he saw the bow he thought it looked dangerous like it was alive, but now he had a different view of it, it was magical. The letters were black in the weathered silver metal but they had an important meaning. 
“It is called the bow of Aza, it was a gift from Rahal Caleed” Arros said when he noticed his young friend staring at the bow.
“Did my father give it to you?” Logan asked.
“No, the first Caleed gave it to the first king of the Aroua. It has been the symbol of our bond with each other for generations. My father gave it to me the day I became king as did his father to him.”
“So, it’s like your crown” Zoey said.
Arros laughed.
“You can think of it in that way” 
“Why didn’t you have it with you when we first met you? It would have made things a lot easier” Huck said. His body had returned to the round boy his friends knew so well “Like if you had it when we were in the woods with the Glaad Eneen”
“I laid it down the day Azacaplon was destroyed and left making a vow never to return or pick it up again until you were ready” 
Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle moved in next to the group but did not say a word. There was nothing they could add to what Arros had said. They all knew that when he picked up the bow he had returned to his rightful place, as King of the Aroua. There might not be many of his people left but with the few that there were, he would build up his nation to the proud people they once were.
****
Wind was blowing in his face and it was a relief to feel the night air, he had removed his silk mask as it was not necessary to shield his eyes from the sun any more. 
Garron had been marching towards Capria only stopping at garrisons to pick up more warders and riders. What started as a band of fifty riders had grown into an army of over a hundred warders on foot, and a hundred riders. He had enough men at his disposal to ensure that he would not disappoint his master again. This was his last chance and Dralor would not take lightly to him failing again. With this force he could stop the Caleed Capria from reaching their destination. They would not be able to slip past so many eyes.
He heard a familiar call and returned the squeaking sound. A bat flew down and landed on his arm. He gave it a piece of apple and they exchanged squeaks for a few seconds, then the bat left.
The bat had given him lots of information and it took him a second to work through it in his head. The Caleed had escaped his master. ‘Funny’ he thought, even Dralor can fail but he did not ponder too long on his masters unsuccessful attempt. There were more important things at hand like the preservation of the power all Dralorians now hold so dear.
The Caleed had started moving towards Capria. He knew that it would take them at least half a day to get where he should be tomorrow morning. 
The man who eluded him outside of Dar Glaad Eneen, the one that shot a bat out of the sky, was in fact Arros, King of the Aroua. And he had taken up his bow again. That might be a problem, but he had a day to solve it and already had an idea brewing in his head.
He turned to the Captain riding next to him.
“Tell the men to gather as much grass as they can while we march” he said “we will use it to deceive or opponents” an evil smile crossed his face as the idea in his head changed into a fully fledged plan. 
“Yes sir” the captain acknowledged the order. It might be a strange request but he was not going to deny the agent his will.
****
Feist had joined the group and brought them food and fresh clothes. They sat around a camp fire staring into the flames talking to each other. There was a tinge of relief in their voices. They had survived the dangers of the last days and soon they would be safe within the walls of Capria. According to Feist it was just over a half day’s journey from where they were camped. 
Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle were now also dressed in the style of Azania; unfortunately the clothes didn’t fit them too well. The material stretched over their portly bodies and Uncle Herbert’s tunic looked like it was about to burst at the seams.
“Herbert, we’ll have to get back in shape, all those years at the bakery has made us…” Aunt Belle tried to think of any other word than fat. Luckily Uncle Herbert came up with a word that was not to insulting. 
“Doughy” He said smiling. It was the perfect comparison, all the bread and pies they ate in Wattville let their figures increase a little.
“Don’t laugh, why didn’t you tell me I was getting this…” she paused “doughy”
“I didn’t want to be the only one getting doughy” he teased “anyway with a bit of running around we’ll be back in shape in no time”
“That’s easy for you. Change into eneen, run around, and in less than a week you’ll be fit as a fiddle.” she said disagreeably. “I’ll have to watch what I eat and drink while you just run around.”
Arros and Uncle Herbert had a chuckle at Aunt Belle’s expense. 
“Belle, you haven’t looked prettier since the day I met you” Arros said smiling.
“Thank you.” she said even though she knew it wasn’t true.
Logan and Zoey were paying no attention to the jesting adults, they had questions they wanted answered. Huck had announced and he was suppose to understand what was going on but since they escaped from Azacaplon he has hardly said a word to his friends. All his attention was on his dogs and if he wasn’t doing that he was scanning the surrounds with his eyes and ears like he was constantly on watch.
“What does it feel like?” Zoey asked him.
He was sitting with his legs crossed and Rock and Brock were sleeping each with a head on one of his legs.
“What?” he asked.
“Changing into a dog.” she said.
“Eneen.” he corrected her.
“Okay eneen, then” she said.
“I can’t explain it. All my senses increase and I can hear, see and feel things for miles or, this is going to sound funny, but even before they happen. I don’t know how it happened but I know why” he said scratching Rock and Brock’s heads.
“Why?” Logan asked.
“His duty is to protect Azania but more importantly to protect you and Zoey” Uncle Herbert answered. “Honrys Caleed is the Watch Keeper, he is the guard dog of Capria and of the Caleed”
“Well, he has always been protecting me” Logan said. “If it wasn’t for Huck the Naikers would have broken my legs last week.”
Zoey listened to Logan and then realised something. She never had the opportunity for Huck to protect her. She felt anger well up inside her, because she was sent away and missed so much. Why was she shipped off to school? She was lonely in Glickenswitch and it took her forever to make friends but they would never be the same as the boys she grew up with. 
“He never had a chance to protect me” Zoey referred to Huck protecting Logan “I haven’t been home in more than two years. I missed out on all the stuff the boys have been doing” there was a long pause as she looked at Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle. “Why did you really send me away to Glickenswitch?” 
“It was to protect you dear, the Caleed usually unite when they are ten. That is why we sent you away when you became ten years old. Mornus would have sent someone after you.” Aunt Belle answered like she had been preparing for this question for a long time.
Zoey had a lot of questions and she started firing them like a machine gun “What do you mean unite? Why did you send me away? Why not one of the boys? And why did you let me come home this holiday just for all of this to happen?”
“To be honest it was the hardest decision we’ve ever made to send you away but we did not have a choice, getting you away from these two hooligans seemed like the only way to deal with the problem. Azania was not ready for your return, so many things had to happen before you could unite. To answer that question, that was when the three of you fainted in Blackstone, the green flame was the signal to Azania that the new Caleed have united and usually all of Azania would have seen it but they didn’t because we were all still in Wattville.”
“But why now? Why did you have me come home now? Was it to unite? You didn’t look like that’s what you wanted us to do when we were in Wattville” 
“We didn’t “Uncle Herbert said. “The decision was made by the Taloen of Capria.”
“The who?” Logan joined Zoey.
“Taloen, it means teacher, he is the teacher of Capria and will answer many of your questions when you meet him.”
“When will…” they were interrupted by Huck suddenly changing into eneen form next to him.
Huck was up like a flash with Rock and Brock by his side. They were growling at something beyond the touch of the fire’s light.
“It’s a man” Huck said sniffing the air. “And I can also smell the steel of a sword”
They heard a voice from the darkness. It was still far off and Logan was amazed at how far Huck could smell and hear things.
“I seek the King of the Aroua” the voice yelled.
“Why?” Arros yelled in reply.
“My name is David and I am Aroua. There is a rumour that our king has returned and I came to offer my sword to my king” the voice said.
“Come closer David” Arros yelled.
A man appeared from the darkness.  His clothes were torn and hung loosely from his skinny body. He had a scraggly beard and messy hair. In all, David looked like a man that had seen better days.  
Arros did not lower his bow as the man approached. He watched him with eagle eyes as the stranger came closer.
David slowly removed his sword from its sheath in a non threatening manner.  The sword was covered in rust and it was probably as blunt as a spoon.
David knelt down in front of Arros with his sword lying in both hands above his head. He bowed his head as tears welled in his eyes.
“Lord Arros, King of the Aroua, I David of the Aroua offer you my sword for you to command” he said holding back tears. “I thought we would never see you return, my lord”
Arros put his bow away and put his hand on David’s head. He had a gentle stately manner to him, he was a king recruiting the first one of his new followers and he showed it with the respect he carried in his voice for this skinny being at his knees. 
“Stand, David of the Aroua, your king accepts your sword” 
David rose with tears running down his cheeks and felt like he should hug the big man in front of him to make sure this was not a dream.
Arros saw the emotion in David’s eyes and wrapped his arms around the man as he dropped his sword.
“Do you know of this man?” he asked Feist over David’s shoulder. 
“No Sire, what’s left of our people are scattered across the land and most of them hide the fact that they are Aroua for obvious reasons.”
Arros let go of David and looked him in the eyes.
“Are there more of you” he asked.
“My family lives nearby, they know where some more people are hiding and I believe they would also know where more of us are.” 
“Good. David of the Aroua, my first order to you is to gather your family and as many Aroua as you can and meet us at Capria” 
Arros turned to his three young friends. 
“Is that with the permission of the Caleed?” he asked.  
The three children from Wattville almost didn’t answer. A king was asking them if his people could stay in a city, a city that was theirs but that they had never seen.
“Of course” Zoey was the first one to answer.
“Thank you” 
Arros turned back to David.
“Now go my Aroua, spread the word that your king has returned and he brings with him, the Caleed Capria.” 
David picked up his sword and smiled at the big man in front of him, there was a solid determination on the thin man’s face.
“As you command sire, I will not disappoint you” 
“I know you won’t.   But before you leave, have some food” Arros picked up some bread and roashrooms and held it out to the man.
“Thank you, sire” David took the food, nodded to his king and left.
“Feist” Arros addressed the captain of his guard while he watched his newest recruit run to tell his people their king has returned.
“Yes sire” 
“When will my men be here?” 
“I sent for the Royal Guard when you entered the city this afternoon sire. They will make haste and a think they will be here by sunrise”
“Good, let us rest then, we still have a lot of travelling to do.”
“Agreed,” Aunt Belle said. ”the second moon is rising and it’s late”
Everybody wrapped themselves in the bedrolls Feist had supplied and for the first time in four nights the children from Wattville, Caleed Capria slept in warm comfort next to a fire heated by real blankets under the starry sky of their new land.

Chapter Fifteen – Deception

They had made good time, Garron thought, it was still two hours to sunrise and they had already reached Capria. The warders might be the current police force of Rylon but they were once soldiers and they marched like it. The idea of fighting put an extra spring in their step, they looked forward to battle. The years spent policing Azania were boring compared to the primal feeling of war. And a battle is what he promised these men. If they only knew the truth.  
The warders did not respect Garron, they didn’t even like him. Ten years ago these warders were part of the army of Rylon that crushed Azacaplon. All of Azania was open to them and they were ready to take it, ready to fight anybody that stood in the way of Rylon and ready to take the spoils of the land. However, things changed when Mornus brought in the creatures from Otherside to complete his sweep of the Azania. Creatures that were more beast than man. Led by the Agents of Dralor they crossed the land defeating anyone who stood in their way. The original army of Rylon was reduced to warders cleaning up behind the force of Otherside. When the war was over the army of Otherside  left, leaving the warders the raleks that they now rode. A meagre compensation compared to the battle and spoils that were stolen for them. Garron knew that the men now following him would always hold the Agents of Dralor accountable for taking away their glorious battle. Even if the Agents were only working under the orders of Mornus, coordinating his war with the use of the friends of the night. 
The once great army of Rylon would always think of Agents as the reason for what they were today - simple warders. They rode the land patrolling it, trying to instigate a fight with whoever was willing. But the people of Azania had no will to fight. More fighting occurred in the garrisons between the warders, than outside. But every now and then, when they got bored of fighting each other they would ride into town and capture as many locals as possible, just to terrify them. A simple and futile exercise like this kept them happy, and it kept the people of Azania in step.
Garron had instructed the men in implementing his plan, the city of Capria lay behind them and was protected by a giant stone wall but that did not concern him. If his plan worked the Caleed would not make it into the safety of those walls.
The riders and foot soldiers were setting up heaps of grass, wet and dry in a straight line between Capria and the plains that lay in front of the mountain. There was no way around his force, if they wanted to enter the gates of Capria they would have to come through him. Even if the King of the Aroua used his bow, Garron couldn’t see it being any help. If his plan worked Arros would only use his bow once and then it would be too late.
He rode his ralek to a group of warders piling wet grass on top of wood. 
“How long before you are ready” he asked.
“Before sunrise” one of the warders answered. He did not add a sir to the end of his sentence. 
“I want a straight line across the plain” Garron ordered.
“It will be” the man replied.
Garron had more men than he needed to stop the Caleed entering the gates but he was not taking chances. He could only think of the disappointment the warders would suffer when they saw they would not be battling an army, but only preventing a handful of people from getting to Capria. 
****
The group rose at sunrise and were having breakfast when the royal guard arrived. Huck was up and growling, long before the others could see the soldiers. But he changed back to his human form when Feist recognised the men.
They wore armour over their green tunics and pants. The armour was dull silver with a black crest on their chest. The crest was three rivers flowing into one with a bow over it, the same bow that Arros carried on his shoulder, the bow of Aza.
The thirty men of the royal guard stood proud, but their clothes and armour were old. The seams had started to come loose and the leather that was holding the armour in place was perishing.
They all knelt down as Arros stood to speak to them.
“There is no need” Arros said to the kneeling men. “Stand, my trusted guards”
The men stood up and looked at their leader. 
“Where are the others?” he asked.  
“These are all the men that are left, sire” Feist answered.
A sigh of pain shot across the big man’s face, the royal guard had numbered in their hundreds. Thirty men only, were all the others lost when Rylon attacked Azacaplon? He felt pain for his people, and the families of his soldiers. 
One of the men walked towards Arros carrying what looked like an armour breastplate. He knelt in front of Arros and he held it out to him.
“Your armour my lord.” he said.
“Thank you” Arros said, taking the armour. 
Another man walked towards Feist with an armour breastplate. He did not kneel as he held the armour out.
“Captain” he said.
“Thank you Greg” Feist replied as he took the armour and started strapping himself in. 
His armour was the same dull silver but his crest was not black but green. Arros was also strapped into his armour, it had a bright gold crest on his chest. Except for the crest, Arros’ armour differed from Feist’s in the sense that it looked brand new. 
“Have the men eat, then prepare them for our journey to Capria.” Arros ordered Feist.
“Yes my lord” Feist answered and moved off to give orders. 
The rest of the group sat down to finish their breakfast.
Zoey moved closer to Logan to whisper something in his ear. She waved Huck to listen but he didn’t have to move closer, he could hear fine from where he sat.
“I think I know why Arros never gave us any answers” she whispered.
“Why?” Logan asked.
“He’s not used to it.” 
“What?” Logan asked surprised.
“A man as important as him doesn’t give answers, he gives orders” she explained.
Logan realised she was right. They knew he was a king of a destroyed nation but after seeing David’s reaction the previous night, he knew that the mysterious big man had the love and loyalty of a nation. 
****
Mornus had not slept all night. He had seen the announcement of Honrys Caleed from his window in castle Rylon. There was no mistaking the red beam of light that shot into the heavens. All their attempts to stop the Caleed had failed. They had escaped from Dralor’s Agent twice and even Etan and Karen could not apprehend them. 
He was furious; if he had gone the Caleed would be dead, not closing in on Capria. Dralor and his agent had one more chance to prevent them from reaching Capria. If they failed him again they would feel his wrath.  
He sat down to assess the situation.  He knew that he still had one trump up his sleeve. If the Caleed reached Capria he could do nothing to prevent Colenz from announcing, but he knew Rahal would have to leave the safety of Capria to announce, and he would be there waiting for him. 
****
“Can you sense how many there are?” Arros asked Huck.
They were hunched down behind a ridge overlooking the grass plains in front of Capria. 
Their walk to Capria took the entire morning and they felt they were going to make it until they saw a cloud of black smoke covering the sky blocking out the view of the mountain. 
They had left the others behind, Huck was in his eneen form and he and Arros were the only ones having a peek over the ridge with Rock and Brock. 
A fire burned across the plain, making it impossible to see beyond the flames and smoke.
“The smoke is covering their scent and I can’t see past it either.” Huck said. 
“We’ll have to find a way through.” Arros said. 
Huck scanned the fires hoping to catch a glimpse of something through the smoke and flames, to give Arros an idea of how many warders were hidden behind the line.
“Maybe we should wait” Huck said. 
“Good suggestion my young friend, those fires can’t burn forever.” 
****
Logan could barely make out the shapes of his friends up on the ridge. He and the rest of their group were hiding in the forest waiting for their return. Feist had objected to Arros and Huck leaving on their own. He felt they would be much safer with the royal guard protecting them. But Arros wanted to move unnoticed and that was impossible with men in rattling armour following.  
“Why didn’t you go with them” he asked Uncle Herbert.
“I can’t see and smell like Huck any more, those abilities were lost to me when our Caleed was broken” Uncle Herbert answered.
“But you can still change into eneen” Logan said.
“The eneen is part of me and will be until I die” 
Logan’s thoughts shifted to the mountain they could not see. He could remember the great city carved out of it, and the giant wall protecting it, and he wondered if they would ever reach the place that they set out to four days ago.
“What is Capria like?” he asked.
“Fantastic. It is unlike anything you have ever seen, and a far shot better than Wattville.” Uncle Herbert finished.
****
The fire was subsiding, every now and then Huck could see the mountain appear behind the smoke. Some of the flames had died down completely. 
“Can you see anything?” Arros asked.
“Almost” Huck replied.
Huck felt a breeze start to blow in his face, the wind was lifting the veil of smoke, and he could finally see what was going on behind the fire. 
There were about ten warders running around frantically trying to stoke the fires. And he saw four riders on raleks riding towards the fires the men on foot couldn’t reach in time.
“There are only fourteen of them” he said.
“I see” Arros said. 
The fires started blazing up and the smoke hid the sky again.
“I have seen enough” Arros said. “Let’s return”
Arros knew that the fourteen men stoking the fires would be no match for his royal guard. Even the riders did not pose a problem. However they would have to move fast because the warders were obviously waiting for reinforcements. 
He slid down the ridge to rejoin the others in the forest.
****
“They are using the fire to hide the fact that they are so few” Arros explained to Feist. “I will open a hole in the fire for us to move through, we’ll move as one group and we’ll do it quickly. I think they are waiting for more to arrive and hope the fires keep us out until they do.”
“I want you men to protect them at all cost” he said to the majority of the royal guard while pointing at Aunt Belle, Zoey, Logan and Huck. “Feist and Herbert will be in the front with me”
“But sir” Feist objected before he was silenced by Arros.
“My protection is not important” Arros said “Protect the Caleed. I have to be in front to open a hole in the fire. I want you men to swear that you will above all protect the Caleed.”
He looked at the remaining men of his once mighty royal guard. It was their instinct to protect their king at all costs and now they were being asked to go against that one thing that defined them. They slowly started shaking their heads nodding their oath to their king.
“Right” Arros said. “Let’s move”
****
“They’re coming” the captain said.
He was hiding behind a rock with Garron.
The scouts had just signalled him that they could see an approaching group. Garron smiled. All his men were out of view when the fires died down except for the few he had let them see. 
Deception was an art form and Garron was very good at it. He had scouts hidden away and when they saw the king scanning the plains in front of the mountain he let the fires die down enough to convince him there were almost no men hiding behind the flames. He knew that Arros would move fast trying to break through before reinforcements arrived. And when he did, Garron would spring his trap.
“No one is to move before my command,” Garron said to the captain “Timing is essential.”
“They won’t, they are waiting on your order.”  
The captain and the warders might not like him but they would have to admit that this plan seemed flawless.   Soon he would be standing with his feet at the bodies of the Caleed.

Chapter Sixteen – The Aroua

There was tension in the air as they crossed the plain. They were walking towards a fire into the arms of danger but if Arros was right, they would have to move fast before more warders arrived.
Logan, Huck, Zoey and Aunt Belle were in the middle of the group. Arros’ men, the royal guard encircled them; swords drawn and ready to fight at the sight of danger.
Huck was on all fours walking in his eneen shape.  He could not see much through the soldiers that walked around him and through the smoke the only scent he could pick up was that of burning grass and wood. It was bizarre that he had had his senses for only one day and already felt he was completely reliant on them. He looked at Rock and Brock walking next to him and it made happy.  Since Ulrek had given him these two eneen he felt he could accomplish anything, even the fearful task that lay ahead.
Zoey held on to Aunt Belle’s hand as they walked, she could not see over the men’s heads but the smoke was getting thicker, and she knew they were getting closer to the fire. She could barely make out the shape of Arros in front of the group. She had grown very attached to the big man. She understood his mystery and she trusted him completely. She knew in her heart that he would get them to Capria, there was however one thing that worried her. She did not want to lose him while he was defending them. She knew he would lay down his life for their protection, but after Uncle Herbert, he was the closest thing to a father she had ever had. 
Logan was the only one of the Wattville three who was not thinking of the fire and the smoke that lay between them and Capria. He was thinking about how simple life was when they were still back in Wattville. The only dangers they ever faced were the Naikers. There was a lot of pressure on his young shoulders, Azania expected something of him and these people were willing to defend him even if cost their lives. He was terrified of the future - what if he couldn’t do what was expected, what if he made mistakes. In Wattville if he made a mistake he was in trouble, but he felt that if he made a mistake in Azania it would be fatal to him, his friends, and everyone else in Azania.   
“Prepare to run on my command” Arros ordered the group from the front. 
He aimed his bow for what looked like the middle of the line of fire.
He let go of the arrow.
“Air” he yelled.
The arrow flew towards the fire and a wind erupted behind it. It blew everything in its path down, grass bent to its tremendous force, pebbles and sand lifted from the ground and swirled behind the wind creating a small sand storm.
“Now” Arros yelled.
The entire group started running in the direction the arrow was flying.
The wind extinguished a wide path through the fire and smoke.
When the wind was gone Arros could see that some of the Warders were blown off their feet, only a few were left standing. He was relieved, this would make their charge to Capria so much easier.
****
Garron saw the wind blow a path through the fire. He had to grab the captain by his cape to prevent him from ruining the surprise. 
“Wait” he said holding the man down.
He saw the group run through the hole in the fire. ‘Just a little longer’ he thought ‘let them clear the fire, then take the day’
****
Arros led the charge with his bow in hand. He shot down two warders before they realised what was going on. Two other warders were charged down by his guard. He could see the great wall of Capria ahead of them protecting it from all the dangers outside, he only had to get his group through that wall and they would be safe. He would finally accomplish what he had waited ten years to do. They were finally so close, so close to safety.
****
The group cleared the fire and Garron jumped up from behind his rock.
“Now!” he yelled.
Warders appeared from behind rocks, between grass and trees. They flooded the space between the fire and Capria.
Riders on their raleks appeared from the ravine where they were hiding and stormed the group. Garron wished he was closer to the action, he would have loved to see the king’s surprised expression. Arros might have eluded him twice but it was not going to happen again, not on this field and not on this day. Today, Garron would be remembered as the man that killed the Caleed and ended the line of Aroua. 
“Kill them” he yelled “Leave no one alive” 
****
Terror gripped Arros as he saw the army of warders appear. A second ago he was sure that they would safely make it to Capria and now as he looked at what lay ahead of them he knew they were doomed. 
He saw that they could not retreat, warders were closing the gap behind them. 
The warders were too close for him to use his bow. He threw it over his shoulder and had his sword out in a flash. 
The warders did not attack immediately. They moved in formation and he knew that once they had encircled his group they would attack. 
“They are flanking us!” he bellowed. “Stand your ground, men!” he ordered.
A few seconds went by, the warders finished surrounding the group and then they attacked.
Arros lifted his sword knowing what his fate would be.
“For Capria and Azacaplon!” he yelled his war cry.
“For Capria and Azacaplon” the men of the royal guard yelled, answering their king’s call. 
Then there was the clank of metal meeting metal as the battle began. Huck was standing in front of Logan and Zoey with Rock and Brock at their sides. If one of the warders broke through the guard, he would have a surprise waiting for him in the form of Honrys Caleed and his eneen. He could hear Uncle Herbert and Zirk and Dirk doing battle beyond the ring of men protecting him and his friends. 
Logan could see all the hair on Huck’s back was standing up, he was ready to attack anything that broke through. Logan wished that there was something he could do to help the fighting men. If he had a match with him he might even be able to repeat the trick that he used to scare the bats away at Dar Glaad Eneen. He felt Zoey grab his hand and he gave her a reassuring squeeze. It might have been more to calm himself than Zoey but he didn’t care.  Maybe he could at least protect her. 
****
Garron had climbed onto his ralek on the small hilltop he was watching the battle from.  He could clearly see the battle below him. The foot soldiers were more than enough to defeat the group but he wanted to crush them, completely obliterate them.
“Send in the raleks” he ordered the captain.
“But that will crush the men on the ground.” the captain replied.
Garron slapped the man across his face so hard that he almost fell off his ralek.  
“Do as I say captain, or the next thing that will be crushed is you” 
The captain ordered the raleks to attack.
****
Arros had several cuts on his arms but nothing fatal.  He could hear Herbert and his eneen growling next to him as they fought. 
A sword bounced off his armour as a warder found his mark. The blow hurt but that did not stop Arros from returning the blow. The warder fell to the ground as Arros’s sword caught him in the ribs, but as soon as he fell another man was there to take his place.  
Arros heard something coming from behind but he could not take his eyes off his opponent’s sword which would be a fatal mistake. He didn’t have to, the man he was fighting was trampled by a ralek from behind.
Every last hope disappeared when the beast and its rider stood before him. He could see the riders charging through their own people, trampling several of them as they did so. He knew these men were only concerned with one thing and that was killing him and the Caleed. He would fight to the bitter end, and when he looked at the army they faced he knew it was not far away. He was thinking of the brave men fighting next to him and how it was all for nothing, when the sound of horns filled the air.
Arros looked back through the fire and what he saw almost brought tears to his eyes. 
Hundreds of men, women and children were charging towards them from the forest. They must have numbered close to a thousand carrying pitchforks, spades, anything they could use for a weapon. And in front of the charge leading with his rusty sword was a very determined David.  
****
Garron realised his mistake too late. The riders were the only thing that could have stopped this charge that was approaching them, but they were caught between the men on foot and could not get out to protect the rear. The captain was giving orders like a madman from beside him.
“Form formation! Protect the rear! Get those riders out of there!” he yelled but it was to no avail as the tattered mob overran his army.
****
Arros could see that most of the warders had turned their attention to the attacking mob and they were leaving him a gap to escape through. 
“Follow me!” he yelled to his group as he attacked the last man standing between him and Capria. 
The group ran towards the giant wall. There was no visible gate, the only thing on the wall were giant marks carved into it. The carving in the middle was wing shaped like the mark on Logan’s arm. To the left of it was a spiral like the one on Zoey’s hand and to the right was two arrows like the ones on Huck’s arms. 
“When we get to the wall you have to open the gate” Aunt Belle said to Zoey.
“I don’t see a gate” she replied.
“The gate will be where you want it.” Aunt Belle said.
Arros and his men moved to the side so Zoey and Aunt Belle could get to the wall. 
“What do I do?” Zoey asked.
“Touch it and ask it to open, dear” Aunt Belle answered.
Zoey looked at the mark in the palm of her hand and then pressed it against the wall.
At first it felt like the wall was alive, it was warm to her touch but then she realised it was not the wall but the entire city that was alive. She heard a deep and thunderous voice in her head. 
‘Who wishes to enter the home of the Caleed Capria’ the voice said
Zoey didn’t know how but she knew what to answer.
‘Colenz Caleed Capria’ she thought her answer to the wall.
‘I recognize you, Colenz Caleed Capria, you may enter.’ the wall replied.
Zoey stood back from the wall as it started to move. 
The stones moved away from each other opening a large hole. Some of the stones moved upwards to become part of an arch. When it was finished part of the wall had changed into a giant gate.
“Go inside” Arros ordered.
He turned to Feist.
“Get everyone inside” he ordered his guards while pointing at the mob of Aroua running towards them.
“Yes sir” 
****
The city was not what they expected. Most of the buildings were carved out of the mountain but there were several loose standing structures, all made of white granite that shone in the sunlight. The wall was lined with bows and holes for archers to shoot from but there was not a single person in sight. The city was completely empty. 
“Those that can fire a bow get up on the wall” Arros ordered the first Aroua that came through the gate. 
People climbed the stairs to the bows and immediately started firing arrows at the warders outside the gate.
It did not take long for the entire mob of Aroua to enter the city. Feist and his men were the last to enter after they had made sure everyone was safe. 
‘Close’ Zoey thought to the wall when she saw everyone was inside.
The stones moved, and then there was no sign that there was a gate. Arros was up on the wall standing with the archers watching a handful of warders retreat across the plain. 
He turned around to see hundreds of faces staring up at him. They were skinny, and their clothes were in tatters, but he saw something in their eyes that they had not had for a very long time. They had hope. Everyone was staring at him like they were waiting for him to say something.
He had thought about this day many times, he had a speech prepared in his head that he would give to his people when they all stood in front of him like they did now, but instead of giving the speech he did the only thing that would mean anything.
Arros removed the Bow of Aza from his shoulder, the symbol of the Aroua and raised it high above his head.
The crowd erupted into a loud cheer as Arros lifted his bow reclaiming his rightful place as King of the Aroua.

Chapter Seventeen – Colenz Announces

They were playing a game taught to them by the Aroua children. It was called Pidackle and very simple to play. Everybody stood shoulder to shoulder in a circle and the object of the game was to kick as many goals as possible. A goal was scored if you could kick the ball made of feathers and twine between somebody’s legs. You had to stand with your feet shoulder width apart and were allowed to use your heels as paddles to protect your goal. 
Pidackle was a simple game but just being able to play with other children and not have to run for your life was a relief for Logan and his friends. The simplicity of the game got a whole new dimension when Huck’s eneen started to participate. When the first goal was scored Rock picked up the ball and wouldn’t let it go, Huck had to catch him to remove the ball from his mouth. When the second goal was scored Brock ran off with the ball, the whole group chased him until they got it back. Now after every goal the game would develop into a game of retrieve the ball. The dogs were fast but the children were many. Rock and Brock would pass the ball to each other, running in circles weaving between buildings trying to get away, but eventually someone would catch one of them or the ball and then the group would be back in their circle until another goal was scored. 
The sun had set when Feist finally found the Caleed playing with their new friends. Logan had just retrieved the ball from Rock’s mouth and his hand was full of slobber. He threw the ball to another boy and looked for something to wipe his hand on but there was nothing around so he wiped it on his pants. A good thing Aunt Belle wasn’t around to see him, she would probably have blown her top. He had just finished wiping his hand when he noticed Feist walking towards him. 
“Are you having fun?” Feist asked.
“Lots” Logan answered a little out of breath. 
“I’m glad” Feist said smiling “After what happened today, fun is what all of us deserve”
Feist paused for a second trying to get Huck and Zoey’s attention. He waved his hand until they saw him. They left their new friends and came to stand next to Logan. 
“Sorry that I have to interrupt your play but King Arros would like to see you” 
Logan, Huck and Zoey were a little disappointed when they heard this. They were just starting to relax.
“Don’t worry, you’ll see your friends in school tomorrow.” Feist said sensing their disappointment. He didn’t know the mention of school would disappoint Huck even more.
“School?” he asked. “Like math and history and geography and all those things. I didn’t know there was a school here” 
“Yes, young Honrys, all those things. You’ll have to learn about Azania if you want to understand it.” Feist said
“What does math have to do with Azania?” Huck asked still disappointed.
“My young friend I could never figure that out myself” Feist said smiling. He never enjoyed math but it did come in handy when you have to calculate your odds during a battle. 
“But trust me, one day you’ll need it” he finished.
“That’s what everybody says” Huck said disappointed.
“Don’t worry, I’ll explain it to you one day” Feist said still smiling. “Can we leave? The king is waiting”  
They said goodbye to their new friends and followed Feist, Captain of the Royal Guard of Azacaplon. 
****
It was a simple room, not one fitting for a king, Logan thought. There was nothing fancy and everything was covered in dust. The room was very neat and tidy and if it wasn’t for the dust he wouldn’t have thought that it had been empty for more than ten years.
 Arros was alone in the room and stared out of the window. He could see most of Capria from where he stood. The room was in one of the buildings cut out of the mountain, and all its windows faced toward the outer wall and the buildings that lay between.
He turned around as he heard them enter. 
“How are our people holding up? Do they have a place to sleep.” he asked Feist.
“We did not lose a single person in the charge, Belle is looking after those with injuries, and we’ll start allocating quarters tomorrow, but for tonight they are all safe my lord.” Feist answered.
“And the warders, what has happened to them?” 
“They have dispersed sire, I think they are licking their wounds somewhere else tonight.”
“Thank you my old friend. Get some rest, you will need it.” 
Feist nodded his head and left the room.
Arros walked over to the bed, picked up the sheet and shook the dust off, before replacing it.
“Please sit down” he said, indicating the bed.
Logan and his friends sat down and looked at the big man. He had that sad expression on his face that they had seen so many times in the last few days. They couldn’t understand why he would be sad after being reunited with his people and finally being safe in Capria.
“I would like to apologize to you three” he said.
“Why would you want to do that, King Arros?” Zoey said “You have safely delivered us to our destination.”
“I made a bad decision to charge towards the wall and I almost got you killed.” 
“But you were tricked.” Huck said.
“As a leader it’s my responsibility to make the right decisions and today I failed. If it were not for David we would not be here right now, and all the hopes of a nation and a land would have been lost forever.” With the last sentence he hung his head staring at the ground like he was ashamed.
“We’re all safe,” Logan stated the obvious. “And when you lifted your bow all the Aroua cheered, they were overjoyed to be united with their king again.”
“I had a speech planned for that moment but I could not deliver it after what had happened. I lifted the bow because even though I made a mistake and doubted my abilities as a leader I could not let my people down. I had failed them once before. At Azacaplon, they lost many loved ones. If they knew the doubt I carry within myself, they would carry the same doubts in their minds. And a nation cannot deal with doubts as it tries to rebuild itself.”
Logan was concerned with what lay ahead, everyone expected something from him and his friends. The Caleed were the hopes of all the people of Azania. All this pressure was on him, and he was also afraid of making the wrong decisions but with Arros’ confession he felt that the king had taught him something. You have to make mistakes to learn.  He also learned that when a lot of people are counting on you, you cannot show them the doubt you have in yourself otherwise they will share it with you. That is why Arros victoriously lifted his bow to the cheers of the Aroua even though he doubted his abilities. That simple gesture lifted the spirits of his people and united them under his rule. 
Arros picked up his bow from the window and lay it down at the feet of his three young friends.
“Like David gave his sword to me, I give my bow and the swords of the Aroua to you, the Caleed Capria. We will protect you and your city.” Arros said sincerely.
With that gesture they knew that Arros was and always would be their protector.  The boys did not know what to say, in their wildest dreams they never thought a king would be kneeling in front of them, holding out his bow, offering the services of his people and himself. Zoey was the one to answer, she understood formalities of this nature much better than the boys.
“We the Caleed Capria accept your offer, Arros King of the Aroua, and would be more than happy to host you and your people in Capria.” she said.
Then her emotions got the better of her as she jumped up and gave the big man a hug, all the formality disappeared as she held on to him. 
“Thank you.” Arros whispered in her ear.
He had given his loyalty to the Caleed by being honest about his shortcomings and they had accepted him with his flaws.
“Have you had something to eat?” he asked them.
“No.” Huck answered quickly. His stomach made rumbling noises at the mention of food. They had not eaten since breakfast.
Arros opened a packet containing roashrooms and put it down on the bed next to his young friends. The roashrooms were smelly as ever but also tasted better than ever. Huck took a few bites and shared the rest with Rock and Brock. They ate in silence until they heard Aunt Belle at the door.
She looked tired. Her hair was tied up perfectly and she wore a clean green dress that fitted her much better than the one she had on earlier. She might have been neat and tidy but everyone else in the room was the exact opposite.
“Well you lot look a mess” she said to the group eating on the bed. “You’ll have to clean yourselves up before the Taloen arrives” 
They thought they were going to have a quiet night with some rest and now Aunt Belle wanted them to clean up for a teacher.  Arros winked at her but that didn’t do much to improve her mood.
“You’ll also have to clean up. We can’t have the king of the Aroua looking the state you’re in when he arrives.” she said while putting her hands on her hips. She was not asking the king to clean up, she was telling him that what counts for the children does the same for him.
Everyone simply stared at Aunt Belle.
“There’s a bathroom somewhere in this building. I’ll have someone bring you some water and fresh clothes. When you’re done meet me at the gate.” she ordered and spun round on her heels leaving the room.
They watched her leave and Arros was the first one to start laughing.
“Is that how she was in Wattville” 
“Worse” Logan said, dejectedly.
****
The courtyard was lit by the rays of the first moon. In the centre stood a big white disk like the one in Azacaplon. 
Logan and his friends had cleaned themselves up and were dressed in clothes that Aunt Belle found in the closets of Capria. The clothes were a little tattered but they were clean. 
The group was a little surprised to be standing in front of the disk, when Aunt Belle told them to meet her at the gate they thought they would be standing at the great wall where Zoey opened the hole.
Except for the Wattville three the only other people present were Arros, Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert.  Aunt Belle knelt down next to Zoey and handed her the red amulet she had seen twice before, once when they fled the garing and once when they were in Azacaplon when Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert came through the disk.
“Zoey my dear, I now give you the amulet of Colenz Caleed.” Aunt Belle said as she hung it around Zoey’s neck. “I hope that you will never have to remove it as I had to. Take it now and announce yourself to Capria and all the lands of Azania.”
“What should I do?” Zoey asked.
“Speak to Capria as you already have.” she answered.
The gigantic disk overshadowed the small girl but she stood proudly in front of it. She took the amulet in her hand with the spiral mark and held on to it tightly. She then knelt down and put her other palm flat on the ground.
Zoey’s sight darkened from the sides and the last thing she saw was Aunt Belle looking at her before she floated off into darkness. She was drifting in a place where nothing could exist. It was dark but she wasn’t scared, the place felt familiar and even though there was nothing there, she felt an inviting heat. She was completely calm.
“I have been waiting for you” the same deep voice she heard at the wall said. “I am Capria and you are Colenz Caleed Capria, the Gate Keeper of Capria. You will command the gates of Capria and with the Caleed Rylon you are the Keeper of the Great Gate of Azania.”
Memories of the past Colenz Capria’s filled her mind. Answering so many questions at once that she was almost overwhelmed, she understood that the white disks were gates and that in time she could use them to travel around Azania, she also understood that she could not use these gates until the Great Gate of Azania was closed once again. The gate had opened when Rahal Caleed was slain, and could not be closed until a new one has taken his place. As long as this gate was open she couldn’t use the other gates to move around in Azania. She realized that she could open a gate to another world but that had consequences. It would drain her energy like it did the time they came back from Wattville, and if she were not careful it could drain so much energy that it might cost her life. 
She understood her place as Caleed, she was one of the three pillars of Capria, where Huck was the watchdog she was the keeper of the gates and the healer of the land. She had to defend Capria from what lay behind the Great Gate. She could see what this gate looked like and knew where it was. There was a shattered door lying in front of the open gate and in front of those gates stood a stone with a sword. The sword was driven into the stone and it looked as if it had been cut in half lengthwise from the hilt to the point that lay hidden in the stone. She had the feeling that the sword was waiting for something, someone, to free it from its granite tomb. She felt she had other powers, it was her responsibility to heal, she would have the abilities to heal people in body and in soul.
The vision of the Great Gate of Azania started to fade and was replaced with her friends staring at her.
To Logan and Huck it looked like Zoey had just closed her eyes and opened them again, but to her she was away for several minutes discovering what it meant to be Colenz Capria.
Aunt Belle walked closer to her.
“Do you understand?” she asked the kneeling girl.
“Yes” Zoey answered.
“Then announce yourself.” Aunt Belle said.
Zoey let go of the amulet and put the hand with spiral mark’s palm on the ground. It started to shake, as if something wanted to escape from it. A green flame flared from the ground enveloping Zoey, the same green flame which saved her and her friends from Rusty in the alley in Blackstone.
The flame shot up into the sky like a beam the same way it did when Huck announced with his red flame.
The beam of green light was visible for all of Azania to see as Colenz Caleed announced her return.  
****
To the southwest Wratig and his sons and daughters were sitting around a campfire when they saw the green beam of light reach into the sky. A smile cracked across his face as he stared at the light and he turned to Steven who sat beside him.
“It is time, gather our people.” he said.
“Yes father”  
Steven stood up and left the light of the campfire to do as his king requested.
****
To the east in ‘This is the big place on the big rock we friendly people called gnomes like to call home’ a gnome named Gwalit saw the beam through his kitchen window or as gnomes would call it ‘the thing that you can see through in the room where you make the stuff that makes your tummy full.’ 
He walked out of his house on the Stone Steps to get a better look at the beam to make sure it was the right one. It was most definitely the green beam of Colenz Capria. Other gnomes started appearing in the streets looking at the beam in the distance. After they had stared at the beam for a while they all turned to Gwalit who was already drawing up a list in his head of what he needed. Tonight was going to be a long night for him. 
He looked at the gnomes around him and gave a grunt while pointing towards ‘The big place on the big rock we friendly people called gnomes like to call home’s place where the big round thing that is filled with the stuff we breathe that goes into the stuff we breathe and move to different place’s place to come down and to go back up again.’ or airport if you were to use Huck’s suggestion. 
The gnomes didn’t complain even though they knew that this beam of light meant that most of them would have to work through the night. They liked work and the only thing better than a normal days work was working a normal day and an entire night.  
****
Water splashed against the hull of the ship as it cut its way through the sea. Lezan was holding onto the railing as if his life depended on it. His skin had a green tinge to it and his eyes were all watered up. 
He was not a sailor and the sea sickness made him remember why. He felt like every meal he had had in his life was now floating on the water below, his stomach turned and churned and he wondered how anyone could do this for a living, travelling up and down the sea bobbing around in the water. His place was on the back of a horse and he vowed to himself that he would never in his life climb back on a boat. 
Luckily his mood improved when he spotted the beam of green light rise into the sky. They were moving in the right direction and at least all his pains were not for nothing.
****
And far off to the east in castle Rylon stood lord Mornus. He could barely make out the beam through the frost covered windows but it was there. He looked angrily towards the other mountain. Etan and Karin had failed him and he would have to do what they couldn’t. 
He opened the window, letting in the cold air.
He drew in a deep breath and bellowed “Return” into the darkness. His voice was followed by a strong gust of wind that carried his order. The wind moved swiftly across the land thundering Mornus’ voice to everything in its path.
****
Etan, Karin and Dralor where still riding north towards the closest bridge that crossed the River Rahal when they saw the beam. They stopped to look at it when they felt a strong wind blow from the side. The wind carried Lord Mornus’ voice and his order to return. They immediately changed direction back towards Rylon. Not one of them said a word, they had heard the anger the voice in the wind carried. Garron had failed to stop the Caleed reaching Capria and if he failed, they failed. They rode as fast as they could, they knew the longer they took the angrier he would be.
****
The ground had stopped shaking when the green flame returned to it. Zoey stood up. Logan was smiling but he didn’t know why - after the amazing thing he just saw he didn’t know what emotion was the correct one, he was astonished and his face thought the best expression to cover itself with had to be a smile.
Huck was also smiling but he was smiling because he knew what had just happened to Zoey. He remembered the relief he felt when he announced the previous day.  It was 
better to have an understanding of your purpose.
“Well darling, are you going to open the gate? I believe the Taloen is waiting.” Aunt Belle said.
Zoey turned to face the gate knowing that she could use the amulet to open it but she wanted to try herself even if it meant that it was going to use a lot of her energy. She knew that this was her first real act as Colenz Caleed of Capria, and it had to be done right. 
She lifted her hand with her palm towards the gate and the spiral mark started to glow. There was a slight hissing sound as the gate began to glow and a cone of light appeared forming a tunnel to wherever the Taloen was waiting. Still holding out her hand she moved back a few paces making space for the figure that was now emerging through the tunnel.
A smile shot across the boys’ faces as they recognised the figure that stepped out of the gate. It was strange to see him standing because they had never seen him out of his chair. And even though they could not see his mouth they knew that behind that giant beard, Old Man Dingle was smiling at them because his smile lines had lit up the corners of his eyes.

Chapter Eighteen – The Taloen

“Until the time of Carburan, Azania was a land of constant war” Old Man Dingle, the Taloen of Capria, said.
He was seated under a tree, all the children were hanging on his words. The Taloen did not waste time to start his teachings, the sun was only up for an hour and he had already rounded up all the children of Capria into a park that would serve as his classroom. 
“There were no kings, only tribes were scattered across the land and they were constantly in battle with one another” he continued. “Each tribe fought for their little spot in the sun. The Glaad Eneen in the west and the Knights of Holderum in the east, they were the…”
“What about the Aroua, where were we?” one of the Aroua boys interrupted.
“The Aroua were not a part of Azania back then, they only came into being after the time of Carburan”
“The time of what?” the boy asked.
“What’s your name son?” Old Man Dingle was not used to being interrupted.
“Garth, sir.” 
“Well Garth, next time you have a question, raise your hand.” The boy nodded his head understanding. “The time of Carburan is when our real history starts.” He waited for the boy to ask another question but Garth sat silently waiting for him to continue. “Like I was saying, there were several tribes fighting for their space in Azania, and the greatest two were the Glaad Eneen with their war dogs and the Knights of Holderum on their horses. These two tribes were separated by the great rivers, and each conquered their side of the river until there was nothing more to absorb, so it was inevitable that they would meet.”
Garth’s hand shot into the air. 
“Yes Garth.” the Taloen acknowledged him. 
“What is in-ev-itable?” the young boy battled to get the large word out.
“It means that they had taken everything they could on their sides of the river and that they would soon have to cross the river and battle each other to extend their lands.”
“Ohhh” Garth said as he finally understood.
“But they never met each other in battle.” Old Man Dingle paused for a long while hoping one of the children would ask him why but they didn’t. “Well not on different sides that is.” he added trying to invite a question.
“Now I’m confused” Huck took the bait. “What do you mean they didn’t fight each other?  Who did they fight against?”
“The Glaad Eneen and the Knights of Holderum were preparing for war on each other when another danger forced them to join sides.” Old Man Dingle jumped up from the rock he was sitting on and pointed to the Drakentande Mountains. The class did not know what he was doing, but his theatrics had almost everyone’s attention, everyone except Logan and Huck who still found it very odd to see him standing. They felt that he looked out of place without his chair, but they weren’t going to interrupt him.
“In Carbu at the feet of the Drakentande Mountains something was happening.” He turned to face his class once again “something that would change Azania forever. Something had found a way into our lands through the caves of Carbu. Something that did not conquer lands for conquest, something that conquered lands for destruction. It was an army from Otherside. An army that came from a land beyond the Drakentande. The Glaad Eneen and the Knights of Holderum took land to own it, to expand their empires. But this army coming from the north left nothing living in its path, forests were burnt down and rivers emptied, smoke filled the northern sky, as it followed the soldiers of the Otherside into Azania.
The Glaad Eneen and the Knights had to unite against this new enemy, on their own they were doomed and even united they were doomed, the invaders outnumbered them ten to one and rode on beasts the likes of which Azania had never seen before” He paused again, fishing for another question, but no one asked. “We now call these beasts, raleks”
“How did we win?” Garth didn’t even bother to raise his hand this time.
“The Caleedyn” the Taloen answered with a smile.
This time Huck fell in. “The Caleedyn?”
“They were the most ancient race of Azania, they were almost forgotten, except as a myth. Azanians did not completely forget about the magical people called the Caleedyn. There were stories about their magic but that was all they were, stories. No one had seen a Caleedyn in hundreds of years.” 
“Where did they come from?” This time it was Logan who asked without raising his hand.
“History doesn’t say where they came from. The Glaad Eneen and the Knights fought valiantly but the army of Otherside had already driven them back to where the three rivers united. They had decided to make one last stand, their armies tired and depleted, they would fight until the last man. 
It was on this morning of what was predicted to be their final battle that the Caleedyn appeared. Led by the two kings Rahal and Honrys and Queen Colenz they attacked the invading army. 
The Caleedyn only numbered in the hundreds but their magical ways had the impact of thousands of soldiers. Rahal carried the weapons of Aza, a sword and bow that did the same as a hundred such weapons. The animals of Azania listened to Honrys’ call and joined the battle. Lions, dogs and even squirrels fought the invading army. Colenz attended to the injured, stories were told by the Glaad Eneen and the Knights that she could heal a soldier in seconds.
In less than a week the army of Otherside had returned to the caves of Carbu where they came from and Azania once again belonged to its people” Old Man Dingle finally sat down again as if it was the end of the story but Garth’s hand shot into the air again.
“Why’d they suddenly decide to help?”
“They did not want a part in a world where people fought amongst each other. People who were essentially the same in every way, but from different tribes. When they saw Azanians stand together against a common foe, they knew it was time to intervene. After the war the Caleedyn gave us a gift, a gift that would keep Azanians safe and would protect us from Otherside”
“What?” Garth didn’t raise his hand.
“The tribes were ordered to wait outside Carbu while the Caleedyn weaved their magic. For seven days the tribes of Azania camped at the foot of the mountains. They could hear strange chants and sounds coming from the cave. They waited patiently for the Caleedyn to finish.
In those seven days chieftains started becoming friends. They had to, seeing each other day after day. Peace was agreed upon during this time. They realised that everyone had a right to a piece of Azania and that never again would war be made on each other. 
One the seventh day the sounds stopped and the chieftains were summoned to the gate. The two kings and queen of the Caleedyn stood on a rock in front of a giant gate that sealed the entrance to the caves of Carbu. The gate was constructed from the same metal as the weapons of Aza. Carved into the gates were thousands of magical words that no one except the Caleedyn understood.  The only place Azanians had seen these words before was on the weapons of Aza.
The three leaders of the Caleedyn climbed onto the rock that stood in front of the gate and addressed the people of Azania making it clear to the tribes what the future would hold for them and how they could secure this future. 
When Rahal spoke he explained that his name meant balance and that there was now a balance in the world that must not be disturbed or the forces of the Otherside would return once again. 
Honrys’ name means to watch and that a watch must be kept to prevent the return of the evil from Otherside.
 Colenz spoke longer than the others. The gate had been erected for the people of Azania and it would keep them safe for as long as they did not resort to their old ways. They were going to give the people of Azania what they needed to keep them safe from the Otherside, they were going to share their powers. 
She raised her closed hands in front of her and slowly opened them, revealing three green stones in each hand. The stones had a light burning in them and that light became brighter as Colenz started a chant. All the Caleedyn fell in with the chant and the stones lifted from her hands. They floated in the air weaving in between all the people that were present that day, like they were looking for someone. The stones stopped in front of four young men and two young girls. The youths did not know what to do until Queen Colenz told them to take the stones.  As they took these stones the marks of the Balance Keeper, Watch Keeper and Gate Keeper formed on these young people’s arms and hands. 
She explained to these six young people that they would be the defenders of Azania and that they would work in two groups of three. She pointed towards Mount Capria and suddenly there was a rumbling sound coming from the distant mountain. Far away from the Drakentande at the base of Mount Capria the city where we not sit the City of Capria rose from the ground. 
She picked two young men and a girl and said that they were to be the Caleed Capria and a city awaited their arrival. 
She then pointed to Rylon and the same rumbling occurred as the city of Rylon rose from the ground. She told the remaining three they were to be the Caleed Rylon.  
Then Rahal lifted the sword of Aza high above his head and started a chant. The sword of Aza split down the middle and then he was holding two swords in his hands. He drove these two swords into the rock where he was standing until only the hilts were sticking out. He said that the two swords belonged to the Caleed, they would know when they were ready to wield them and they would claim them on that day, and as long as the swords of Aza were in the hands of the Caleed there would be balance in Azania. If the balance was ever broken the sword would return to the stone, to be claimed by the next Caleed.  He then drove the bow of Aza into the same stone and said that when the two Caleed were ready to wield their swords, they would know what to do with the bow.
Then the Caleedyn did something none of the people of Azania were expecting, they turned and disappeared into the mountains. Some people said they walked up the paths leading into the mountains, but most claim that they walked into the walls of the cave, becoming one with the mountain. The entire race that was once known as the Caleedyn disappeared in minutes, no one knows where they went, or what became of them. With that the seven days of the time of Carburan came to a close”  Old man Dingle stopped to scratch his beard. 
“What happened next?” the entire class asked at the same time.
“The appointed Caleed went to their new cities and learned what was expected of them. In a few years they returned and withdrew the two swords from the stone. With them was a young man who had been a friend of the Caleed Capria as well as the Caleed Rylon and travelled between the two mountain cities learning with the Caleed, understanding the balance they were to uphold.  
   The day the two Rahal Caleeds claimed their swords they also withdrew the Bow of Aza and gave it to this young man. They told him that he would build the greatest city in Azania. 
The three biggest rivers in Azania were named The Rahal, Honrys and Colenz as a sign of appreciation by the people of Azania vowing never to forget what the Caleedyn had done for them. It was between two of these rivers that the young man started building his city. And in time he became the king of this city he named Azacaplon.”
“What were their names?” Zoey asked.
“Whose?” 
“The Caleed, and the young king” Logan said.
“The Caleed’s names are not important, they had become the Rahals, Colenzes and Honryses but I can give you the name of the young man, his name was Aroua.”
“Just like us” Garth said.
“Yes.  Many people joined him to build his city and when he passed away these people took his name as theirs.” 
“How long ago was the time of Carburan?” Zoey asked.
“Very long ago” Old Man Dingle said “There aren’t enough fingers and toes in this class to count the generations that have passed since” 
The entire class sat silently absorbing the tale, all except Logan. His mind was racing forward with new questions and he slowly lifted his hand. 
“Why are we where we are today?”
“I can tell you what happened but I cannot tell you why. We don’t know why the Rahal Caleed Rylon, lord Mornus did what he did. His army was built in secrecy and he attacked Azacaplon without warning. No one was prepared, especially the Royal Guard. Mornus knew the Caleed Capria was in the city celebrating the birth of the Rahal’s son.” He looked at Logan with sadness in his eyes because what he was about to say was going to have the same effect on the young Caleed.
“That was you, Logan.” he looked at Huck and Zoey. ”You were the last one born of the new Caleed Capria and would have been prepared from birth for the role that you would one day fulfil but that changed the day Mornus attacked and ..” he stopped because they knew what happened next, and he didn’t want to tell them again that Mornus killed their parents.
The Aroua children in the class tried not to look at the Wattville three, they did not want to make them feel uncomfortable. The three members of the Caleed might have a very important future but at the moment they were just new friends, and you don’t make new friends sad.
“After the death of Tamas the Rahal Caleed Capria, an explosion was heard in the North as the Great Gate of Azania shattered, opening our land to the evil of the Otherside once again. Without Rahal the remaining members of the Caleed Capria lost most of their powers, and they had to flee with our last hope, the newly born Caleed. 
With the Great Gate shattered the armies from Otherside entered our land but they did not burn and destroy everything like they did during Carburan. They did as Mornus bid them, he had control over the army of Otherside.
He promised not to destroy Azania and its tribes as long as the kings laid down their weapons. The leaders of Azania had no choice. They could not face the army of Otherside in battle.”
“Why? They did it before” Logan interrupted.
“There were no Caleedyn to help, and the Knights of Holderum had disappeared…..” 
“What happened to the Knights?” Huck fell in.
“Holderum was under the rule of Rylon and when they refused to join Mornus’ army he banished them”
“Why didn’t they warn us? They knew what his plans were, they could have helped,” Garth was shocked.
“They didn’t have time, the Colenz Rylon opened a gate like the one I arrived through last night and it swallowed them, banishing them to the unknown”
The thought of an entire race disappearing in the wink of an eye was something that was hard to get your head around, and today they had heard of two races that did just that. The Caleedyn disappeared of their own will and the Knights of Holderum were forced to, but there was another race that Logan was not too sure of.
“What happened to the army of Otherside?”
“Mornus ordered them to return and they did, to everyone’s surprise. The army would never have listened to an Azanian before the time of Carburan. They left behind their riding beasts to help Mornus and his warders establish his power.”
“Raleks” Garth added.
“Yes, the warders had control of Azania, and the raleks helped them keep that control” 
The class sat in silence thinking of what the Taloen had just said, only to be distracted when a large shadow passed over them. They looked up and saw a colourful balloon. It was slowing down and descending like it was about to land in the middle of the city. Another shadow passed and they saw it was another balloon.
The class looked around and saw that the sky was filled with balloons flying towards Capria. Old Man Dingle jumped up, smile lines clearly showing in the corners of his eyes.
“Ah, the gnomes are here, things will now be getting back to normal.” He started walking towards the first balloon that was landing, until he noticed he was walking alone. “Come children, there’s someone I’d like you to meet” he said over his shoulder and the entire class jumped up to follow the Taloen.
The balloon had landed on the plain and three gnomes were busy offloading boxes with another gnome grunting orders at them. Old Man Dingle greeted the grunting gnome. They exchanged a far more normal greeting than the Wattville three had seen any gnome do in the past. Old man Dingle turned to the class and introduced the gnome.
“Class this is Gwalit and I think he is probably the only gnome any of you would be able to speak to” he said.
“No kidding, these guys are nuts” Huck said to the rest of the class before he could stop himself.
Zoey slapped his hand and gave him a piercing glance. What was this gnome going to think of them if he was being so impolite? She looked at Gwalit waiting to see how he was going to react to this rude comment.
Gwalit stared at Huck until Huck felt very uncomfortable, and then unexpectedly started laughing.
“I understand. You’ve obviously met gnomes before?” Gwalit said.
“Yes” Logan answered for Huck who still felt a little uncomfortable looking at the little man.
“Well, we’re here to sort out this place, we’re bringing food and materials for new clothes, and everything else you’ll need. By tonight all of you will be assigned to your new homes. Like I said, we’re here to sort out Capria.”
“You speak normally” Huck said again before he could stop himself. 
“I have to, I’m the human – gnome liaison officer and that’s why my name is GWALIT. Gnome Who Always Looks After Important Things.” A sinister smile shot across his face “and I’d like to see a human try and order a Gnome around.”

Chapter Nineteen – Swordplay

A week had gone by and a very busy week it had been. Gwalit was a real taskmaster, the entire city was given a good dusting, as he called it. Everything was cleaned from top to bottom, then the few possessions the Aroua had with them were moved into their allotted living quarters. The Wattville three shared a rather large house with Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle. They all had their own rooms, extravagant rooms with big bathtubs and even bigger beds. Gwalit had tried to assign a gnome to their house to help with the cleaning and attend to their every need but that didn’t go down too well with Aunt Belle.
“Do I look like I need a butler?” she said upset. “No one tells me how to run my own house, we can clean and look after ourselves.” 
The poor gnome had never heard of the word butler, but he was proud to be called ‘an engineer of making places not dirty and bringing and taking away stuff that the people in that place need.” He tried to explain his tasks but was pushed out of the door very unceremoniously. 
Uncle Herbert only smiled as he saw the surprised little man being helped out the door by the woman that once made the worst pies in Wattville. She had been in a foul mood since the gnomes took over her kitchen. They said her services were no longer required, they had brought their master chefs along or ‘persons that wear aprons and make better stuff to put in your mouth than the rest of us’ as they put it.  She might have been upset but everyone else rejoiced, they had only had two of Aunt Belle’s meals and two was enough. At the second meal some people didn’t even show up preferring to go hungry after realising the culinary skills Aunt Belle offered. They did ask Uncle Herbert however to help with the bakery.
   Since the gnomes took over, things had changed. Food halls had been set up across the city and food was served every day at sunrise, noon and sunset. And if you were late you didn’t eat, the gnomes were very exact about time and didn’t take lightly to people not working to their schedule.  
What looked like a forest of shrubs was cleaned up to reveal a park. This park now served as the Taloen’s classroom and the Wattville three spent most of their days there.
After school Huck would meet Uncle Herbert who taught him the ways of Honrys Caleed. He learned how to use his powers and the restrictions and dangers that lay in them. They spent a lot of time in their eneen form running all over the city, always being followed by their loyal dogs. 
Aunt Belle spent the afternoons tutoring Zoey about the gates. There were two kinds; stone gates, like the one Zoey had used to bring Old Man Dingle to Capria and air gates, that she could open where she wanted, but which drained a lot of energy. Zoey wondered why they didn’t just use the stone gate in Azacaplon to come to Capria, but Aunt Belle explained that it’s in the balance of the Great Gate of Azania. As long as it was closed the stone gates worked in Azania but while it lay shattered they only worked to the outside of Azania. That’s why she and Uncle Herbert had to flee to Wattville with the young Caleed. The gates would not open to different destinations inside Azania. The balance had been broken and Azania was now open to the outside.
During these afternoons Logan felt lonely, while his friends were off being taught by Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert he had nothing to do. He played Pidackle with his Aroua friends but it was not the same without Huck and Zoey. And you can only play so much Pidackle before it became boring. 
On one of those days he was wandering around the city and found Old Man Dingle eating a piece of funnybread under a tree. His whiskers were pinned back like they were the day in the post office and Logan saw him smile when he noticed him.
“You look upset young master Logan” he said while chewing.
“I’m bored.  Huck and Zoey are off with Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle every day, learning about their powers and I’ve got nothing to do”
“Have a seat” Old man Dingle tore off a piece of bread and gave it to Logan. “What do you want to know?”
“When will I be the same as the other two?”
“You will understand when you announce” Old Man Dingle said matter of factly as he took another bite.
“When will that be?”
“You will announce when you hold the sword of Aza”
“I know, but will I have powers like Huck and Zoey”
“You already do” 
“You mean like the fire in the forest” He remembered the way the flame did everything he wanted it to do when they were being chased by the men outside of Dar Glaad Eneen.
“Exactly!” Old Man Dingle yelled, bread crumbs shooting everywhere. “You already have some of your powers, but they will only reach full strength when you announce.”
“But who will teach me about them? Huck has Uncle Herbert and Zoey has Aunt Belle” 
“When you announce you will realise your full potential, but I can teach you a little”
“You can?” Logan was very excited.
“Yes” He took another bite of bread “Who was Rahal Caleedyn?”
“The Balance Keeper”
“And how did he do this?”
“I don’t know”
“Do you know what the elements are?” He finished his bread and took out a pipe that he started stuffing with tobacco.
“Earth, wind, fire and water” Logan was proud of his answer.
“Almost - it’s earth, air, fire and water” he finished stuffing his pipe and started feeling around his pockets for a match. “Rahal can control those elements like you did with the fire in the forest, and the same with the weapons of Aza like…”
“When Arros shoots his bow.” Logan finished.
Old Man Dingle smiled, his pinned back whiskers making him look like a friendly cat again “Correct.”
“But how do I use them?”
The bearded man was still feeling around for a match or flint when he looked around on the ground. “You see that leaf over there”
“Yes”
“Now close your eyes and imagine the wind blowing it from the ground”
Logan looked at the leaf lying at his feet and closed his eyes. He imagined a gentle gust of wind picking it up and blowing it down the street.
“Now open your eyes and call the element needed to do what you imagined.”
He opened his eyes and said “Air.”
A gentle gust of wind picked up the leaf just like Logan imagined it and blew it down the street. A large smile cracked across the boy’s face.
“Not that difficult, is it?” The bearded man was also smiling. 
“No.” Logan was completely surprised. Had he had this ability all the time?
“Now on to more important things.” Old man Dingle put his pipe in his mouth “I need a light, close your eyes and imagine a little coal in my pipe”
Logan closed his eyes and imagined a little coal burning in the pipe. He then opened his eyes and said “Fire.”
Old Man Dingle’s pipe started smoking and he puffed away smiling. “Thank you.”
‘It’s a good thing the entire pipe didn’t go up in flames.’ Logan thought but just as he completed that thought the entire pipe did go up in flames. Unfortunately for Old Man Dingle the flames ignited his beard.
“Water! Water!” he yelled.
Logan quickly imagined water putting out the fire and said “water.”
It was like a bucket of water smashed into the man with the burning beard. His pinned back whiskers had come loose, and water was dripping down the hairs, he now looked somewhat like a wet cat. When a cat is nice and fluffy it looks big but once it’s wet it looks scrawny and sad, Logan thought.  Old Man Dingle had the exact same expression on his face. 
“Practice, I think you need more practice” he said as he slowly walked away like a cat hoping to dry itself off somewhere.
When Logan realised Old Man Dingle wasn’t mad at him he couldn’t help but smile, which he quickly covered it with his hand so he wouldn’t notice.
He was excited about what he had learned and couldn’t wait to tell his friends about his powers. But on his way home he saw Feist and the newly appointed Royal Guard, he was busy training his new recruits. Also present was David, who was assigned the position of Captain of the Wall by Arros. David’s Wall Guard were also training, he took his new work as captain very seriously, and was sure to have his men prepared the next time they had to go into battle.
Arros had joined them on this particular day and was training side by side with his men. Logan had seen Arros a few times over the last week, but he was always busy and he felt too guilty to stop the man for a simple chat. The King of the Aroua most certainly had more important things to do than to chat to him. But that was not the case, Arros would have loved to have a talk with his young friend and when he spotted Logan watching them train he called him over.
“How you holding up young man?” he asked when Logan was close enough. Sweat was dripping down his brow and he was out of breath, he was holding a wooden sword that he had been practising with.
“I’m fine.” Logan was still excited.
“Well, do you want to join me?” Arros walked over to the sword rack and picked up a wooden sword that he passed to Logan.
“It might be a bit big but it weighs less that a steel sword and I think you can swing it easily enough.”  
Even for a wooden sword it was heavy and it was far too big, Logan had to hold it with both hands. 
“The first thing you have to know is always try and keep your feet shoulder width apart. Even when you move keep your feet wide apart. You need a strong stance when you’re wielding a sword. Are you right or left handed?”
“Right.” Logan answered.
“Then you will want to keep your left foot forward. This will be your defensive side. You have to learn to always stand this way. In time you might carry a shield, and the shield will be on your left arm. With your left in front, you will always be behind your shield.” Arros took a stance so Logan could see the way he would be protected by a shield.
Logan adjusted his footing as he was instructed and it felt a little uncomfortable facing Arros sideways.
“If you are turned to the side you will notice that you have a smaller area for your opponent to strike you than if you were facing him flat from the front” 
Now it made a little more sense. If he stood sideways an opponent could only injure him on one side; the defensive side.
“Now try to remember your stance as I attack you” Arros lifted his sword. “Try and block every blow, and try to do this with the blade closer to the hilt, otherwise you’ll get swordsting”
He’d never heard of swordsting, but he didn’t have time to think about it as he blocked Arros’s first blow. Arros swung slowly at first so Logan could get used to it and the uncomfortably long sword. But as he blocked more of the blows, Arros speeded up. 
Logan concentrated on blocking and his stance, always trying to face the big man with his left side, and then Arros gave a quick strike to his knee. Logan blocked it with the tip of his sword. A vibration ran all the way down the sword into his hands, until he couldn’t hold on to it any more and dropped the sword.
“That’s swordsting.” Arros said. “The vibration that runs down the sword has cost many swordsmen their lives. With a steel sword the vibration is a lot worse so again, always try and block close to the hilt.”
Logan picked up his sword and Arros launched another attack. After a while Logan noticed that if he kept an eye on Arros’s shoulders, he could see a swing before it happened. Arros’s shoulder would move back or forward before his arm would follow with a blow. 
After several attacks the two sat down, out of breath, on a bench.
“I see you’ve learned something I didn’t teach you” Arros said smiling.
“Yes, your shoulders.” 
“Well it seems the young Rahal has the makings of a good swordsman” he said ruffling Logan’s hair.
Arros called Feist over from his training with the other men.
“Captain, our friend is going to be a very good swordsman one day, and I would like you to train him. You are the best living swordsman I know, and he will learn a lot more from you than me” Arros said.
“It will be an honour to teach Rahal Caleed, sire” Feist said.
Logan felt as if a smile would crack across his face any second, he was so proud of himself for impressing the big man. He enjoyed the swordplay and relished the idea of being taught more. This day was just getting better and better, first he learned about his powers and now he was learning to use a sword.
“I’ll have one of the men make a smaller sword for you. A man can’t use a sword he is not comfortable with” Feist said.
Logan couldn’t hold his smile back. The captain of the Royal Guard had just called him a man. 
****
He found Huck and Zoey in his room waiting for him. Huck was holding his pants up, and Zoey was laughing at him.
“What’s going on?” he asked when he saw the peculiar sight.
“Do you have some rope in your room?” Huck asked him.
“Why?” Logan asked.
“It seems Huck is losing his portly figure and needs something to keep his pants from dropping.” Zoey said laughing.
“It’s not a laughing matter. Today, while me and Uncle Herbert were walking my pants dropped down to my ankles” he said embarrassed.
“Please tell him where it happened” Zoey laughed louder.
“Right in front of a bunch of girls playing Pidackle.” 
Logan joined in with Zoey’s laughter. He could imagine his friend’s embarrassed reaction.
“Tell him what happened then” Zoey said still laughing.
“I changed into eneen to prevent further embarrassment forgetting that when I change, what I don’t have on stays behind.”
“What does that mean?” Logan asked even though he already knew the answer. 
“That when I changed my pants were left on the ground, and I had to pick them up and carry them around with me in my mouth until I could get back to my room.” 
“I met some girls that said the Watch Keeper should learn to watch his pants.” Zoey’s laughing had turned to hysterics.
“It’s all this running, I can see even Uncle Herbert is losing weight. And if I think about all those terrible pies of Aunt Belle I had to eat to get this lovely figure, it breaks my heart to think of losing it because I  really do enjoy running around in eneen form.” 
It took a second but then the entire group erupted into laughter. Huck always had a good sense of humour about his size. 
They were still laughing when Aunt Belle came into the room. Huck was afraid that she might have overheard him talking about her pies. She stood with her hands on her hips like she always did when she was upset. He thought that she definitely overheard him, but that was not the reason she was standing in the doorway.
“Harold Huckleby, we’ll have to do something about your pants. I heard you walked in our lovely city exposing your underwear to everyone” was all she could get out before joining in the laughter.
It was good to laugh like this and for something so unimportant. They felt safe and could enjoy themselves like they used to not too long ago.
“The sun is going down and I want you bunch cleaned and ready to eat in ten minutes. You know what these gnomes are like. If you don’t hurry up you’ll go to bed hungry” She was clearly still upset with the gnomes for kicking her out of the kitchen.
****
During dinner Logan told his friends about his experience with Old Man Dingle and how he later learned to use a sword with Arros. As he expected Zoey was not too impressed with Feist calling him a man but Huck nodded his head in respect like only men could. 
After dinner Logan took forever to fall asleep. He was too excited about all the day’s events. These thoughts were wandering around in Logan’s head, when he finally drifted off into what was supposed to be a peaceful sleep, but it wasn’t. In his dreams he would see things that he didn’t expect, things that were so terrifying that his pleasant day could easily be forgotten. 

Chapter Twenty – The Dream

The crimson light of the sun only caressed the top half of the Drakentande Mountains. The sun was setting and soon there would be no light except for the blue glow of the first moon.  The moon could be seen rising on the horizon, and right above it shone the brightest star in the sky, as if it was announcing the moon’s arrival. 
In the darkness below the crimson light, the clank of blade connecting with blade could be heard, as a ferocious battle was being fought at the foot of the mountain. Scaling the mountains above, were three children that held the hopes of a nation.
A cave was disappearing into darkness while the last light faded. The hole in the mountain was so big that an entire army could easily have marched through it, except for the large boulder that stood in the centre of its mouth. Driven into this boulder was one half of the sword of Aza. Only its hilt protruded from its resting place, the blade buried in the rock. Shattered pieces of metal lay scattered beyond the boulder, reminders of the Great Gate of Azania. Beyond where the Great Gate once stood, a dark tunnel loomed, with thousands of yellow eyes waiting in the darkness.
The Caleed climbed the big rock until they were standing over the sword of Aza. They looked at each other like they knew what had to happen next. Rahal placed his hand on the sword ready to free it from its cold home. With this action the balance will return to this land.  
But as the young Rahal gripped the hilt, the Caleed Capria laid their eyes on the Caleed Rylon. A man that looked very similar to the king of the Aroua was looking up at the Caleed. His hair was brown but is was just as long as Arros’, he had the same neatly trimmed beard and stood the same height, if not taller than the king, in his boots. But that was where the similarities stopped. This man did not have the same gentle face, his face was stern and his eyes hard. They were filled with anger, a rage created by an immense hatred, and he was now looking at the objects of his hatred. Next to him stood a tall blond woman and a stocky man, the Caleed Capria had run into these two before in the dead city 
Strapped to the tall man’s back was the other half of the sword the Rahal had his hand around. He felt that the man would attack him with that sword any second, but he didn’t. He stared at the group on top of the boulder and then he spoke.
“Go ahead” he said “try to pull the sword from the stone, see if you are better than your father.” A smirk appeared on his face. “See if you are worthy of all the lives going to waste at the bottom of these mountains, fighting to protect a child. You are the hope of these people; let me see if the sword finds you worthy.”
Doubt crept into the mind of the Rahal as he realised the meaning of what the man had said. Is he really the one that will return the balance, his father once wielded this sword and it did nothing to protect him. Will he make the same mistakes? Will he know how to use it? Is he really the last hope of the hundreds of soldiers doing battle at the foot of the mountain.
“I can see the doubt in your eyes, child. You will fail like Tamas” the man continued.
When he heard the name of his father his doubts turned to anger. This was the man who betrayed his father. This was the man that was responsible for all the lives that had gone to waste in Azania. This man was his enemy and should be treated in the manner you treat an enemy, with hatred. He sensed his friends had the same feeling, Colenz and Honrys tensed at his sides. The anger in him was like a cauldron of emotions, a cauldron that was about to boil over. All he had to do was free the sword from the stone and slay the man with the smirk on his face. The man that had caused him, his friends and an entire nation so much pain. In Wattville, Logan would never have thought of doing something so monstrous as taking a man’s life but he slowly felt the rage inside of him take control.  
“Now I can see the anger” the man said. 
The yellow eyes that were waiting in the tunnel started moving closer, they were silent, preparing to attack like a predator ready to pounce on its prey. 
“When I am finished with you, your blood will seep into the ground to be forgotten just like all your parents.” the Rahal Caleed Rylon said.
This was too much for Honrys who changed into eneen form and leapt at the man. His fangs stopped short of the man’s throat. In a movement faster than Honrys could attack the man had drawn his sword of Aza and impaled the eneen.
Colenz screamed in terror when she saw her friend’s body change back into human form. Her screams died when two arrows hit her in the chest as the tall woman silenced the Colenz.
Rahal felt all the rage in his body come together in his hand that rested on the sword hilt. 
He gripped the other half of the sword and pulled as hard as he could.
But the sword did not come free from the stone.
He tried again but the sword held its position.
The eyes in the tunnel pounced like a beast from the darkness.
The last thing the boy Rahal saw was the smirking man point the other half of the sword he was so desperately trying to free, at him.
Then the boy was overrun by the beasts behind the yellow eyes.
****
Logan jumped out of bed, soaked in sweat. What did it mean? In his life he had never had such a vivid dream, it was like he was really there, like he was actually seeing his friend being murdered. He had to speak to somebody about his dream, and there was only one person he could think of.
The first moon’s light gave the streets of Capria a blue glow that made the buildings look like they were underwater. He weaved in between the buildings hoping to find the person he was looking for. He was not in his room so Logan took to looking for him in the streets. He finally found him in the park underneath the big tree where he held class. What he was doing there Logan didn’t know, but he felt like the bearded man was waiting for him. Before he could say anything the man spoke.
“Do you know anything about the stars, young master Rahal?” Old Man Dingle asked while stroking his beard.
Logan was a little surprised by the question. He had more important things to discuss. “No, mister Dingle”
“The stars can tell you a lot” Old Man Dingle, the Taloen, said still stroking his beard.
“Can I please talk to you?” Logan said.
“You see that star over there?” He pointed to a star in the north, paying no attention to Logan’s question.
Logan didn’t answer. 
“Do you see the star?” he was still pointing.
“There are so many.” 
“That bluish one, over there.”
“Yes” he answered when he spotted what he thought was the right star.
“That star tells me that winter will be here soon” he pointed at another star “That bright star on the horizon, tells me the Sea of Wondering is in that direction.” He pointed towards another star “and that star that’s almost behind Mount Capria told me that you would meet me here tonight.” He smiled as he looked at the surprised Logan. The star the Taloen was referring to was the brightest star in the sky.
“You mean..?” Logan asked but he didn’t know how to finish his sentence.
“Yes, I knew you would want to speak to me tonight.” again stroking his beard.
“Do you know about my dream?” 
“I don’t know what you dreamt, but I know the dream wanted you to learn something.” Old man Dingle said.
“It scared me. In my dream…” 
“I do not need to know what it was about. That is for you to figure out. The dream is not the future but it gives you clues to what you are to do, how to achieve it or how to prevent it. You have to find the deeper meaning of the dream.”
“But I don’t know what’s supposed to happen. When Zoey and Huck announced, they understood what was expected of them.”
“Rahal Caleed announces when he holds one half of the Sword of Aza in his hand.” 
“But in my dream …” 
“I do not need to know” Old Man Dingle held his hand up 
He might not have wanted to know, but Logan needed to know because according to his dream he would never get the chance to announce. The balance of Azania would never be restored. And worst than that, it meant his friends were dead. 
“You will know what to do when the time is right. That bright star is only in the sky for seven nights a year and it moves.  It moves on the horizon, every night it is a bit further to the east, tomorrow you won’t see it because it will be hidden behind Mount Capria but on the seventh night it will be aligned right above the moon when it enters the  night sky.” 
The star was above the moon in his dream. If what he was being told was right, it meant that he had seven days before his dream came true. A sudden realisation struck Logan, he had seven days to change what he saw, that was what the dream and Old Man Dingle were telling him.
The two sat under the blue light of the first moon and stared at the stars, Logan’s head was rattling with ideas of how to prevent his dream when he remembered something he saw in his dream, something he had to ask the Taloen about. He was not sure how to phrase the question so he just asked it.
“Is Mornus Arros’ brother?” 
Old man Dingle sat up surprised, letting go of his beard for the first time.
“Yes, he was.” 
“What do you mean, was?” 
“Mornus is dead to Arros as a brother. For Arros he died the day he changed Azania.” the old man said sadly, leaning back and looking at the stars once again.
Of all the pains and pressures the Arros had to deal with this one had to be the greatest. The big man always had a glint of sadness in his eyes. Logan always thought it was because of all the terror that the Rahal Caleed Rylon had created, but now he knew that sadness was a very deep pain. There can be no greater pain than being betrayed by the ones you love most.
****
The atmosphere in the viewing room of Castle Rylon was anxious. Dralor lay in a corner after Mornus had slapped him across the room. Karin and Etan stood with their heads lowered staring at the ground. They dare not look the Rahal Caleed Rylon in the eyes, to do so was to incur his wrath. He was furious at their failure and even more at the failure of Dralor’s agent, Garron. He had an opportunity to stop the Caleed from reaching Capria, and he couldn’t even complete this simple task, even if he had every warder between Dar Glaad Eneen and Capria at his disposal. Garron was not there to receive his punishment so Mornus had let it loose on the man who was responsible for him. 
Dralor’s lip was bleeding but he did not wipe the blood away, he stared at the big man that was towering over him. 
“Have you ordered Garron to Carbu?” Mornus asked.
“Yes master, he is moving all the warders and riders stationed in the west to Carbu.” Dralor answered.
“When the Glaad Eneen sees the warders empty the garrisons, there will be nothing to stop them from forming up and moving to Capria.” Etan said with a hint of objection in his voice.
“Correct.” Mornus said, still facing Dralor. He was thinking of a punishment that would really devastate him. “Send the guard of Rylon to this grovelling creature’s cave and have them confiscate all the riches he has accumulated.” He said every word like he was enjoying it. Dralor had only one true master and that was gold. It was the most fitting punishment he could think of. 
Dralor did not react to the order. He simply lay there. Mornus was a little surprised, he expected the little man would be cursing in disappointment, losing all his wealth must mean something to him, but he did not move from the ground he only stared up at him with his yellow eyes. Maybe even the most wretched beings have pride, Mornus thought. 
“And what about the garrisons of the west?” Etan asked still concerned about losing their strength in the region. 
“Let them march to Carbu for all to see and when they get there have them light fires signalling war” Mornus spun around on his heels to face Etan. “This time I will wipe Azania clean of all the people that oppose me”

Chapter Twenty One – The Orga

It was still dark when the man awoke him, giving him a gentle shake.
“Captain, wake up” 
David was asleep behind his desk. He had slept in his office at the wall since they entered Capria. Even though his family was assigned living quarters in the city he felt it was his duty to always be present. The Wall Guard had learnt a lot from the Royal Guard, but as far as he was concerned they were not ready to be left alone.
“What is it?” he asked.
“Captain, the men have spotted movement in the woods.” the guardsman answered.
“Do they know what it is?”
“We think it is an army.” 
David jumped out of his chair and started strapping on his breastplate. It had become a habit to sleep in his armour with his sword by his side, but he always had to remove his breastplate, because it made it impossible to rest his head on the desk. 
“Should I wake the king?” the guardsman asked.
“No, not yet, let’s first have a look.” He did not want to wake Arros if it was not important. The king had put a lot of trust in him to appoint him captain of the Wall Guard and that meant that he was supposed to deal with situations on his own. 
He walked out of his office onto the wall, with the guardsman close behind and they jogged towards the southern part of the wall.
Several men were waiting for them. David could see the first moon was about to set and that the sun would be up soon. He did not have to ask the men what they saw because he could see it himself from where they stood. 
Campfires were burning in the woods and silhouettes could be seen in front of the fires.
“How long have those fires been burning?” he asked.
“They just lit them a few minutes ago. It’s almost as if they are trying…” 
“To show us they are there” David completed the man’s sentence.
David’s logic told him that something was not right. If you want to attack somebody, surprise was a good ally. Why would this group give its position away? He wasn’t going to take chances, David ordered the entire wall guard to be awakened and report to their posts. 
****
Rock and Brock sensed something was wrong and tried to wake their master but Huck was fast asleep, swimming in dreams. Eventually they had to roll him out of bed. The boy hit the floor with a loud thud, but instead of being cross with his dogs he changed into his eneen form when he smelled what had caused them to wake him so unceremoniously. The scent was familiar and he was almost certain what it was. He quickly dashed out of the room, running towards its origin.
He arrived on the wall to see David and his men with bows in their hands ready to shoot whatever came out of the woods. They took no heed of him. They were completely focused on the unknown foe.  
Huck lifted himself so his front paws were on the wall and he could see over it. He had to make sure his senses were right. He stared into the woods and he knew they were.
Honrys Caleed threw his head back and howled. The two accompanying eneen did the same, until they were answered by what could only be hundreds of other dogs returning the call.
Capria rose that morning to the sound of hundreds of howling dogs. People ran in panic, preparing themselves for an all out attack, but it turned out to be unnecessary. 
“It’s the Glaad Eneen” Huck said to David. “They’ve come to join us.”
****
Zoey had opened the wall for Wratig and his children to enter. The Wattville three and Arros were delighted to see their friends again. Zoey gave Steven, the warrior who had carried her to safety, a big hug. When they parted ways on the stone steps she thought it would be the last time she would see him and now he was here with all his ‘brothers and sisters’.
Huck had another embarrassing moment even if it was just for a second.
“I see you have met my brother.” Wratig said.
Huck’s tail was wagging when he looked at the leathery faced man.
“Yes I have” he answered.
“Well, let me have a look at you, Honrys Caleed” he said.
Huck changed back to human form at Wratig’s request forgetting that he was wearing his sleeping robe when he changed to eneen. And there he stood, Honrys Caleed, between two of the kings of the western realms and all he was wearing was a smelly wrinkled robe.
“Oops” he said shrugging his shoulders. Zoey seemed more embarrassed than he was. Huck was supposed to be an important person but he had no regard for proper etiquette. But her embarrassment was short lived as the entire group started laughing. There was no need for formalities when you were among friends. 
“I’m happy to see you, but what are you doing here?” Arros asked Wratig.
“The garrisons are empty, all the warders have left the west.” he answered.
“Which way did they march?”  
“North towards Capria. We followed them thinking you might need a hand but they gave you a wide berth. They seem to be going towards Carbu.” Wratig explained. “As they marched more garrisons joined them. If the warders from the east join them it will be the biggest army Azania has ever seen” 
Arros looked at the Caleed standing at his side. They had no idea what it meant that the army of Rylon marched to Carbu, but he understood the movement of Rylon’s troops to the north. Mornus was preparing for one more assault on Azania, gathering his forces in front of the gate. He would most probably be reinforced by Otherside and then he would make one clean sweep of the land. Arros had to stop him before this happened, he was not going to allow Mornus to destroy Azania. 
“We will also march to Carbu and meet them there.  If it is a battle Rylon wants we will give them one, because now we have something they don’t have - purpose.” He looked at his young friends and then to the others “The army of Rylon fight because their master asks it of them, their purpose is to serve him blindly and their loyalty is only to him. Our purpose is to regain what was once ours and our loyalty is to each other and all the people of Azania. We might not be an army but as we march other will join us, they will come from their villages, their farms, their hovels and their hiding places, and they will do this because our cause is not that of one man but that of all Azania. And when we reach Carbu we will fight these minions to prevent the threat from the Otherside of the mountains from infecting our land ever again.”
Everybody present almost cheered to answer the king of the Aroua’s call to arms but it was Wratig who spoke first. 
“The swords and eneen of the Glaad Eneen are yours Arros, we will march by your side into” he looked at the young Caleed in the same manner as Arros did a second ago “our destiny”
“Thank you, Wratig, King of the Glaad Eneen. We will march in two days.” He put his hand on Wratig’s shoulder confirming their decision. ”All your children are welcome to the city and the gnomes will attend to your needs.”
Wratig nodded his head, accepting the invitation.
****
Ten years ago the Orga army of the Otherside marched back through the shattered gate. They were promised great battles, but nothing came of it, the cowards of Azania laid down their weapons. The Orga were a nation of warriors and had ruled Otherside for centuries. They did not ask to become the rulers, they took it with their swords, wiping Otherside clean of any nation that opposed them. The people of Azania were tall compared to the Orga who were at least a head shorter on average, but the Orga were much stockier. They had leathery yellow skin and bright eyes that matched the colour of their skin. War was the only thing the Orga knew and they revelled in it. The soldiers were disappointed when they had to return through the shattered gate. They did not see the war they were promised and they did not make this new land theirs. They did not know why their leaders had ordered their return when there was still such bounty waiting for them in Azania.
Ortang was their general, and he thought back to the day they returned to the Otherside. Azania was a simple flower for him to pick, he would have expanded the borders of the Orga twofold if the council let him. But they didn’t, they had a deal with the human Mornus, and ordered the army to return. He had to kill several of his own soldiers to convince his army to follow him back through the mountain to Otherside. 
His armies had been restless for the last decade, they did not have anyone left to fight in Otherside. War is what armies are made for and when there is no war they turn on each other. The twelve clans of the Orga were constantly in conflict, war was in their blood and they only united for war on a common enemy. Not that Ortang was upset when his soldiers fought among themselves, he enjoyed watching the battles as one destroyed another. War was war and gave him pleasure, even on such a small scale. 
But that was soon to end. He had been waiting in the tunnel since he received his summons, and knew there was only one reason he was here, standing in the darkness of the caves of Carbu, looking at the Great gate, his mouth watered at the prospect of what was to come. 
He saw the figure of Mornus appear in the entrance. Mornus climbed onto the big Rock with the sword shoved into it and looked down the tunnel. Humans were tall but their skin would do them no good in the battles of Otherside, too thin to resist an Orga blade, he thought.
Ortang waited for Mornus to enter the tunnel but he didn’t. He couldn’t help but think how weak humans were, here was this man the supposed ruler of Azania, and he was afraid to enter the darkness of the tunnel. His thoughts were interrupted. 
“Are you going to let me wait here all day?” Mornus ordered more than said.
Ortang suddenly had to re-evaluate his perception of the tall man. He might be a weak human but he knew how to speak with authority. Something the Orga appreciated.
Ortang moved out of the darkness of the tunnel into the light. He wore black armour made from metal unknown to Azania. At his side hung a curved black sword of the same metal, on his head rested the helmet of a general, it had two sharp spikes that looked like horns. He stopped in front of the rock and looked up at the man. Mornus did not climb down from the rock, he enjoyed staring down at the Orga general like he was a slug. Ortang knew what Mornus was doing, he did not enjoy it, but he did respect the action. Mornus was showing him who was in control. 
“You summoned.” he said with a voice that sounded like a guttural growl.
“Six days.” Mornus said.
Ortang knew what this meant but was obliged to confirm the order.
“Six days?” he asked. 
“You have six days to gather your army and on the seventh you must be here. This time I promise, you will have the war you wanted.” 
Ortang nodded, he despised taking orders from a man that would have been a slave in his community.
“I will be here on the morning of the seventh day.” he answered.
“Do not enter Azania before I order you.” Mornus said.
“Why is that?” Ortang asked raising the leathery ridge of skin that would have been an eyebrow.
“You are to wait. Capria and its army should be doing battle at the foot of the mountain, by then. I want to use you like a blade. They will not be expecting an attack from the Gate, they will believe that if they can stop my army at the foot of the mountains they will be able to stop another invasion, and like a blade I want you to cut everything down when you are released. When they are enthralled in battle, they will be crushed by the sudden appearance of the Orga.” 
“Surprise and cunning.” Ortang said. “When the Orga charge you better have your men out of the way, all you humans look alike to us” he finished, grinning.   
“If that is the case, so be it. Cut down everything.” Mornus said.
Ortang smiled. This man might not be Orga but he deserved some respect, willing to have your own men slain for victory, was a quality he admired.
****
“I wish we had more time to train men” Feist said as he struck another blow towards Logan’s shoulder. The wooden sword was lighter than the one he used yesterday and felt a lot more manoeuvrable. They had been practicing for almost two hours and he had already learnt a lot from the Captain of the Royal Guard. The first thing Logan learnt was that this man was not going to go easy on him, Feist was fast as a snake and as sly as a weasel when it came to fighting with a sword.
“I wish we had more men to train” he continued striking at Logan’s knees. “Most of all I wish I had more time to train myself.” 
“Why is that Captain? You are already the best man in Azania with a sword” Logan blocked another shot to his knees.
Feist lowered his sword, a saddened expression on his face “The last time Mornus attacked us we were not ready, my men, myself included, were trained as guards. We were not soldiers and we did not understand the intricacies of war. Our mission was to protect the king and the Caleed and we failed ourselves and you in that regard. I wish I had more time to prepare myself as a general of soldiers instead of a captain of guards. You see master Rahal, I have to learn about field tactics and how to apply them with the minimum loss of life to my men and the king’s people.” He hoisted his sword again preparing to attack “but first I will do my best to ensure that you know how to defend yourself with a sword” he attacked “even if I have to train you as we march, master Rahal will be ready to wield the sword of Aza when he pulls it from the stone.”
Logan tried to block every blow, but he received a lot of slaps from the flat of the captain’s blade. Feist was trying to squeeze as much sword information into his head as possible. For Logan this was difficult, he tried his best to pay attention but his mind was bothered by other thoughts. He had been trying to come up with a plan to save him and his friends from the fate in his dream and the only solution he had come up with was unthinkable, it relied on so many things that he was afraid he couldn’t control. One of these things, and probably the most important one, was his ability to control his powers. He had been practising in secret since he set Old Man Dingle’s beard alight but he would have to improve if he had any hope for his plan to work.    
Feist launched into another attack and Logan couldn’t believe the man’s speed, he effortlessly found a way around his defences every time resulting in Logan receiving a few slaps from his sword. He had the ability to always do the unexpected, Logan watched his shoulders like he did with Arros. Feist’s shoulder indicated a blow and Logan lifted his sword to block it only to have it slapped out of his hand by Feist’s defensive hand.
“You don’t always have to use your defensive side for defence.” he said. “If your opponent is not expecting it you can use it as a weapon. I could have punched you instead of slapping your sword and you know what that would have led to.”
“My end.” Logan said.
“Yes. The blow surprised you and instead of reacting you froze, giving me an opening. You always have to try and do the unexpected, if your opponent thinks you are going to swing at him, wait for him to block it and then jab instead of swing. With more practice you will get used to it and in time it will become second nature to anticipate and do the unexpected.” 
Logan nodded his head, preparing for another attack. Then suddenly he smiled, Feist had just solved the most important part of the plan he was working on in his head. Surprise was what he needed to upset Mornus at the Great Gate, but to surprise Mornus he would have to do something more unthinkable than his other plan, and that was not going to be the hardest part. The hardest part would be convincing Huck and Zoey to go along with it.

Chapter Twenty Two – The Seven day star

It didn’t take much to convince Huck and Zoey to join Logan in his room after he told them about his dream. When he finished his training session with Feist he started work on his plan and he thought it was almost perfect except for one thing, and that was something he had no intention of sharing with his friends. 
“Are you sure that is the only way? Wouldn’t it be easier if we marched to the Great Gate with Arros and the soldiers?” Zoey asked.
“We have to be at the Great Gate before the star and the first moon is aligned” he answered.
“I overheard some of the Glaad Eneen talking and they said it will take three days to get to Carbu. Plus the one day to prepare that means that we’ll be there in six days.” she said.
“Exactly.” Logan answered “That’s what I thought, but Old Man Dingle said the moon has to rise seven times and that means the seventh time the moon rises plus last night is the end of the sixth day” 
“Now that was a confusing mouthful” Huck said with a frown on his face “but it makes sense”
“Do you think you can do it?” Logan asked Zoey.
“I’ve never opened an air gate on my own and I don’t know how close I can get us.” she answered.
“Why don’t you just open a gate to Carbu?” Huck asked.
“I can’t.  As long as the great gate is shattered, I can’t open a gate in Azania.”
“That’s why I want you to take us to Wattville, you can open a gate from there to Carbu”
“I think so but I’ll have to rest for a day or two if I can get us there”
“That’s fine.  If you rest for two days and then open a gate to Carbu we’ll still be there two days before the dream.”
“What if I can’t open a gate to Wattville? Isn’t there something else we can try?”  
“I believe in you, Zoey, and to be honest, I don’t think we have much choice, I don’t intend on being the meat on Mornus’ sword kebab” Huck said. 
“Me neither, we have to leave tonight” Logan added.
“Everyone is going to think that we ran away.” Zoey protested. “They have all their hopes on us, and then we run away.” 
“But that’s not what we’ll be doing.” Logan said.
“But it is what they’ll be thinking” she said. “Shouldn’t we tell someone?”
“No, this is something we have to do on our own, I don’t even want the war of my dreams to come true, and if we can get to the sword before it happens do you know how many lives will be spared.” 
Logan was right, from what they knew he would be the last one to announce and when he did this with the sword of Aza in his hands the balance in Azania should return and the Great Gate close.
****
Aunt Belle was fast asleep when she felt it, a feeling that could only be one thing. Zoey had opened a gate. And she had a good idea to where. She climbed out of bed and ran down the hall.
When she got to Herbert’s room he was already up and putting on his boots. Zirk and Dirk woke him when they heard her footsteps coming down the hall.
“They’re gone.” she said.
“Where to?” he asked.
“Out of Azania.” 
“Can you follow them?” 
“Zoey has the amulet, I don’t have the abilities to open a gate without it any more.” 
“Do you know where they went?” 
“There is only one place that she could go…” she said.
Uncle Herbert was out the door before she could finish her sentence.
“I’ll get the others, wait here for us” he said, darting down the hall.
Aunt Belle watched her friend of so many years run down the hall as she finished her sentence.
“Wattville” she whispered to herself.
****
He had never felt cold like this in his life. The steel shackles had frozen around his wrists and ankles. Chains connected these shackles that held him in place. He was hanging over a cliff and when he was lowered into the position, he could see Mount Capria in the distance through his burning eyes. The sun had now set bringing relief to his eyes, but the cold moved in with the darkness. He dared not move, fearing that the frozen chain might break resulting in him plummeting to his death below.
Garron had led the march to Carbu when the bats appeared. All the garrisons of the east were empty, and the army would be at their destination in a day or two. He had failed twice to stop the Caleed, and the appearance of so many bats sent by his master could mean only one thing. They were to take him to his Dralor.
The bats had dropped him at Castle Rylon just as the sun was about to rise. Master Dralor was waiting for him. Garron saw that Dralor’s lip was cut and his face was bruised, Mornus must have vented his anger on his master, and now that anger was to be vented on him. 
He was chained and hung over the cliff facing Capria and as they lowered him Dralor said something that did not give him much hope.
“Live through enough nights, and you might see what you were supposed to do” he said. 
As the snow blew into Garron’s face he knew he would not even last one night. His arms were numb, and the tears in his eyes had frozen them open. For a second he thought that maybe he should try and move until the chains broke, plummeting to his end might be better than freezing to death. 
He was contemplating this idea when he felt a jerk on the chains. He was being pulled back up. 
****
“Is there is no way for us to reach them?” Arros asked.
“Not unless Karin opens a gate for us.  Like I told Herbert, I don’t have the abilities any more” Aunt Belle answered.
Arros, Wratig, Uncle Herbert, Aunt Belle and the Taloen were seated around a table. 
“Why would they leave?” Wratig asked “I do not know the Caleed as well as you but I did not think they would run away from their problems.”
“I don’t think they have” Old Man Dingle said. “Rahal had a dream last night, one about the end of their journey as Caleed.”
“I don’t understand?” Arros said.
“He had a dream that on the day of Carburan the Caleed will meet their fate.” 
“But the Carburan was Ages ago” Uncle Herbert said.
“Yes, but the stars celebrate its day every year. Everyone in Azania has forgotten about it, but the stars remember it.” he answered but he only got blank stares from the rest of the people around the table.
“You all know the seven day star?” he asked.
“Yes, I saw it was up last night.” Uncle Herbert said.
“The star appears every year on the same day, the day the Caleedyn started to build the Great Gate, and it moves across the horizon every night, until it is aligned with the moon on the seventh day and then it is gone.”
“The seventh day is the day the Caleedyn finished the gate?” Aunt Belle asked.
“Yes” the Taloen said. “Azania can remember the story of the Carburan but we never remember the day it happened, even though the stars show us each year.”
“What did Logan dream will happen on this day?” Arros asked.
“He dreamt about their end and ours. We will not survive beyond that day if his dream comes true” Old Man Dingle said to a hushed group.  The reality of what the Taloen had just told them was incomprehensible. How could it be possible that their world would cease to exist?  
“Why did they leave then?” Wratig wanted to know.
“They could have left for only one reason and that is to prevent the dream from coming true.” 
“How do they intend doing that?” Arros asked.
“If your opponent is waiting for you what can you do to surprise him?” 
“You arrive when he does not expect it.” 
“Correct - they want to get to the Great Gate before anything in the dream happens.”
“Then we will march tomorrow to join them.” Arros said.
“You can but it will not change the outcome or the day.” Old man Dingle said.
“What do you mean” 
“The outcome can only be changed by the Caleed.” 
“And the day?” Arros continued his questioning.
“The day was determined ten years ago, do you not remember, it is the same day your brother destroyed the balance.” he said.
Arros had not heard anyone refer to Mornus as his brother for a very long time and it upset him. No one referred to Mornus as his brother any more.  He felt a fire burn inside his heart, a fire of fury. The Taloen did not mean to insult him but he still had to bite down on his jaw to prevent himself from lashing out at the teacher.
“Why?” he asked.
“It is the way it has to be.  The Caleed might have intentions of surprising Mornus but try as they may, they will not be at the Great Gate on the day they plan.” Old man Dingle answered.
“Then there was no reason for them to leave.” 
“There is a reason for everything. Yes, they will only reach the Great Gate on the day of Carburan, but something must happen before they can change the outcome and that is why they had to leave.” 
“What has to happen?” Aunt Belle asked.
“I don’t know” he answered but the glint in his eyes gave Belle the impression that the old man knew more than he was letting them believe.
“And what happens if they are late.” Arros asked.
“They won’t be, the stars will see to that. They will be where they should be, when they should be.” the bearded man explained.
“And us, what do we do?” Uncle Herbert asked.
“We, prepare for war.” 
****
Garron was lying in a heap, his wrists and ankles still sore from the steel shackles that held them not too long ago. He had been hoisted up the cliff and dropped in a small dark room in the castle. Rats scuttled in front of his face but he paid them no attention. Hopefully they would leave him alone long enough for his body to recover from the cold. 
The door opened and Garron could see the silhouette of Dralor standing before him. 
“You are an embarrassment to me and all my agents” Dralor said. “You have cost me my fortune and if it were up to me, you would still be hanging on the cliff.”
“I ask mercy, Master” Garron whispered, his mouth too cold to talk properly.
“Mercy you will get, in the form of life, but you are banished from these lands.” Dralor said kneeling down next to him. “Lord Mornus has a task for you. One that you cannot return from, but you will be alive”  
“Thank you, Master” Garron whispered.  He could hear footsteps walking towards the room.
“Because even if you fail, you will not be my problem anymore.” Dralor said as the footsteps entered the room.
Garron had never seen Mornus but he recognised the man the second he laid eyes on him. He was clearly the brother of the man he had been following that night in the woods. They looked the same except for their eyes. This man’s eyes were filled with hate and anger.
Mornus entered the room followed by Lady Karin. He looked at the wall and spoke.
“Fire” he said and the torches on the walls lit up.
Dralor covered his eyes but Garron’s limbs were too stiff to hide his eyes from the painful light, instead he squinted. Mornus threw Garron’s boots on the floor. They had been removed to fit his shackles before they hung him over the cliff.
“The Caleed have left Azania.” Mornus said.
Garron slowly moved his stiff arms to retrieve his boots and started putting them on. 
“You will find them and kill them.” he ordered. “You will not return to Azania when you have completed your task. There will be no way for you to return.”
Garron did not want to ask what would happen if he failed, but Mornus answered his unasked question.
“Life is your reward.   If you fail I will have garings hunt you down, and I can assure you of the most painful death a man has ever died.  They will show you no mercy as they tear you apart. If you succeed you will have your life but you will never return to Azania.” he repeated. 
Garron lifted his head from the ground, his boots were on but he was still too stiff to stand. 
“Lady Karin” Mornus ordered.
She had sensed the Caleed Capria leave and was the one who informed Mornus of their departure. When Colenz Capria opened the gate she left a trace and Karin knew where they had gone. She lifted her hand and opened a gate to the same land where she had sent the garing several weeks ago.
Garron tried to get to his feet but his limbs were simply not ready. He could see Mornus waiting on him and the man’s impatience grew in his eyes. Finally Mornus lost his temper and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck. He picked him up with one hand and held him close to his face. Mornus looked Garron square in the eye.
“Now be gone from my sight” he said, and threw Garron through the gate.

Chapter Twenty Three – The Return

Ortang had only appeared before the high council once in his life. That day things didn’t go as he planned. They ordered him to leave a bountiful land that was his for the taking. They never gave reasons for their decisions but no Orga would openly question the high council. They were the law and the decision makers of the land and what they said was final. 
Ortang had a runner inform the council of Mornus’ orders, while he gathered his army and prepared them for war. He was a little surprised when the runner returned and told him that the council had summoned him to appear in Garwha, the Capital of the Orga and thus, the capital of Otherside. He ordered his officers to complete the preparations as he rode to Garwha. 
Now he stood in the High Council chamber.  The walls were black and made of volcanic rock. Lining the walls were twelve black spires that represented the twelve clans of the Orga, each spire having a clan’s name and emblem carved into the stone. Twelve council members were seated on thrones in front of him in a single row. The placement of the thrones and their sizes were indicative of each council member’s rank. On the biggest throne in the middle sat the council master, dressed in a long black robe with shoulder length hair.  She led the meeting and Ortang was only allowed to speak to her.  
“The soldiers will start moving into the caves tomorrow and we will be up and ready on the day the human requested.” he informed the council.
“Good.” the council master replied. “And the clans?” 
“They will all be represented.” Ortang answered. “All the clans will have a claim to the victory.”
“And the spoils” 
“The spoils?” Ortang asked. “Are we not to return once we have accomplished the human’s goal?” he asked with a wicked smile. Was the council going to allow him to claim the entire land this time?
“Yes general,” she said. “This time you will bag the land of Azania for the Orga, not for the human.”
“If I may ask Mistress, why the change of heart?” 
“Ten years ago we did not want you to bag the land, because there was always the chance that the Caleed Capria would return. There is no need to do the same thing twice. They have returned now, and you have permission to destroy the Caleed Capria and Rylon and take the land we have waited for so long. Does that answer your question, general?” 
It made perfect sense to Ortang and an evil smirk appeared on his face. The council might be elderly but they did think things through.  He suddenly understood why they didn’t sack Azania all those years ago. Finally he would do what he was born for. He would fight in a glorious war. 
****
It looked like a normal food hall, except there was no smell of food in the air and there were no pots and pans clanking in the kitchen. In normal circumstances the pots and pans would be quiet at this time of the night but no meal had been served in this food hall for more than two weeks.  A dot of light appeared above one of the long tables that furnished the hall. The dot grew into a disc and then into a cone. 
Two dogs jumped out of the cone followed by two boys and a girl. The boys looked around surprised at their surroundings as the girl struggled to stay on her feet. She looked like she was going to pass out any second. 
“Where are we?” Huck asked. “This doesn’t look like any place in Wattville I’ve ever been.”
“Glickenswitch…” was all Zoey could say before she fainted.
Huck caught her and laid her down on the table they were standing on. 
“Why did she bring us to Glickenswitch?” Huck asked.
“I think this is the Glickenswitch School for Young Ladies” Logan said pointing out the portraits of the school’s headmistresses hanging on the walls.
“Great.” Huck said sarcastically “How are we going to get to Wattville?” 
“We can take the train” Logan said. 
“When people see us in these clothes, they’re going to think we’re nuts.” Huck said looking at his tunic. 
“We can’t let them see us before we get on the train, we don’t have any money for tickets” Logan said.
“I hope you’re not thinking what I think you’re thinking” Huck said a little worried.
“I am indeed. It shouldn’t be too hard” 
“I have no doubt that I can make it, it’s just we’ll be so dirty.” Huck complained.
“It’s either that or we spend the next few days walking to Wattville” 
“Why can’t we just hide here until Zoey’s ready to return us to Azania?” Huck suggested.
“We can’t. Work out what tomorrow is in your head” Logan said.
It took Huck a while to work out ‘the what’ his friend requested, but the answer had no important meaning when he finally worked it out.
“It’s a Monday” he said.
“And” Logan helped him.
Suddenly the lights went on in Huck’s head as he realized what Logan was trying to say.
“It’s the end of school break.” 
“Tomorrow this place will be full of young Glickenswitch ladies.” 
“I can’t believe it’s only been two weeks” Huck said.  It felt like a lifetime had gone by since they left Wattville on that rainy night.
“It’s better if we go home, at least there we know what to expect until Zoey can open a gate again.” Logan said.
“I’m starting to doubt your plan a little, her aim was more than a bit off. Do you think she’ll be able to open a gate close enough to Carbu?” 
“I’ll get it right next time” Zoey whispered to the surprise of the boys.
“We thought you were out cold” Logan said.
She was very groggy but she fought the will to go back to sleep as she lifted her head.
“I just needed to tell you something. Go through that door, follow the path to the school’s entrance, turn left on the road and walk three streets, turn right in Mayer street, it goes all the way to the train station.” 
“Anything else?” Huck asked.
“Yes, don’t bump my head when you carry me” and she passed out again.
****
Rusty had convinced himself that everything he saw that night in the alley was a dream, the children with the green fire, the dirty wolf, everything. He reminded himself that stranger things had happened in Blackstone, and that sometimes your mind will play tricks on you. On this particular night he decided to return to the place, and convince himself, it was just his imagination. His stealing business had suffered since that night, he was always second guessing himself while trying to rob somebody and that wasn’t a good thing, twice the people he was trying to rob ended up robbing him. When he could see the alley was normal it would put his mind at ease, and tomorrow he’d be back at his best, as one of the most average thieves in Wattville.
Hesitantly he approached the alley. He took a peek and saw it was just another dark alley. He slowly started walking towards the place where his mind was convinced the crazy stuff had happened. 
When he reached the end of the alley he smiled and felt pleased with himself. This was just what he needed to get him back on top of his game.  A simple look-see to make sure everything was still all right in his head, and then off to the streets and a stealing he will go. But as he reached the end of the alley all the confidence he had just regained disappeared, when he saw a small dot of light hanging in the air. To make things worse the dot of light had trapped him because it was in his way if he wanted to get out of the alley.
The dot grew into a disk and then into a cone and the limp figure of a man fell through the light. The cone closed behind the man and was gone.
Rusty felt some relief when he saw the man lying on the ground. He didn’t move, and that was a lot better than the crazy wolf that appeared the last time he was here. He walked around the man inspecting the strange clothes he was wearing. This man might have something of value on him, Rusty thought. Him being a man of habit and stealing being his biggest habit he decided to rob the strange man who had appeared out of nowhere.
He felt through the man’s pockets and found some yellow coins. Gold he thought, and lifted one of the coins to take a bite and make sure. Gold was soft and you could feel it. He smiled as his teeth felt the soft metal. If he had time to ponder why a man would have gold coins on him in this day and age, he might have come to a strange conclusion, but he didn’t. 
Garron grabbed the scraggy man by his throat. His limbs had started to loosen up a bit since Mornus threw him through the gate. 
“Return my coins to my pocket.” he hissed.
Rusty did as he was told, there was no chance of escape as the stranger had a firm grip on his neck and the last thing he wanted to hear was it snapping.
“Where are they?” Garron asked.
Rusty didn’t answer he only stared into the man’s strange white eyes. And he didn’t know what he was talking about.
“The children” Garron added.
The only children Rusty could think about were the ones he saw the last time he was here. And they had to be the baker’s children.
“No one knows, it was the talk of the town when the baker’s children didn’t show up for their athletics tour, and a few days after that the baker and the terrible pie maker also disappeared.”  He forced the sentence out with the last little bit of air he had left in his lungs.
“Do you know where this baker lives?” Garron asked as he relaxed his grip on the man’s throat. 
Rusty took a big gulp of air before he spoke again.
“Everyone does, he had the worst looking but best tasting bread in Wattville”
“Take me” Garron ordered.
“Okay” Rusty said. One of the golden rules of thieving is when you get caught, do what your capturer wants until you can escape, and he had full intention of following that rule until the fearsome man let go of his neck.
****
Huck’s legs were wobbly, it felt like every muscle was going to give in at the same time. He and Logan had taken turns carrying Zoey but he now wished he could have balanced her on Rock and Brock’s backs. The thought of what he had to do next also didn’t seem possible at the moment. 
He was standing next to the train’s coal cart looking up at Logan who was already in the bin waiting for him to lift Zoey high enough so he could pull her in.
“Come on, before somebody sees us.” Logan said 
“Give me a second, my arms and legs are jelly at the moment.” Huck replied while gently putting Zoey on the ground.
“She’s not going to like it when she hears that you put her down on the oily ground.”
“Don’t worry, tomorrow when she is covered in cust I’ll explain to her that it was all your idea,” Huck said smiling “And I don’t think a few oil stains will bother her much then.”
The two grinned at each other as Huck took a quick breather. It was cut short when he heard a noise.  
“Somebody’s coming” he said picking Zoey up from the ground. 
“How far away?” Logan asked.
“Close” he answered as he lifted Zoey as high as he could. “For such a small girl she sure weighs a lot” 
“I’m glad she can’t hear you now” Logan said as he lifted Zoey into the bin. 
A flashlight beam came into view at the back of the train and panic suddenly struck Huck.
“Rock, Brock” he said and the two dogs jumped, easily clearing the high walls of the bin. When Huck tried to follow them his terror multiplied a hundred times.
“I can’t change!” he said frantically.
“What?” Logan couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“I can’t change into eneen. You’re going to have to pull me up.” 
Logan hung over the edge of the bin towards his friend and he could see the flashlight was getting dangerously close to clearing the corner of the caboose.
“Jump” he whispered. 
Luckily he caught Huck with the first try, and as he was pulling him up he was thankful that his friend had lost some weight over the last few weeks, otherwise he would never have been able to pull him in.
The flashlight shone down the side of the train just as Huck’s feet disappeared into the bin.
The boys lay still on a heap of coals holding their breath, not making a sound. Even Rock and Brock were dead still.
“Who goes there” a voice said.
They sat in silence.
“Better not be any train hobos hoping for a free ride.” the voice said.
They could hear the man’s footsteps coming closer until he was standing right next to their bin. 
“If there is one thing I can’t handle it’s someone trying to get a free ride on my train.” the man continued.
The boys could see the beam of the flashlight making a few passes to the front of the train and then it turned to look in the other direction. 
“You freeloaders better not think I’m scared of you. I’ve got a steel pipe in my hand that I’ve cracked many a skull with in my years as driver of this here fine train.” the voice said.
The boys sat in frozen silence.  They might get away with this, they just had to be quiet for a few seconds more.
Zoey released a loud snore.
 Logan frantically pinched her nose to prevent the sound escaping but all that did was force her to open her mouth. A louder snore escaped. 
“Ah, so there is someone trying to have a free ride on my train” the voice said as a steel pipe struck the side of the coal bin.
The flashlight lifted over the bin wall and shone straight into the boys’ eyes. They couldn’t see the man behind the voice, but they knew they were caught when he spoke.
“So what do I have here, seems I caught me self some freeloaders, and travelling with dogs I see. The only thing I hate more than freeloaders are dogs you know. “
The boys sat blinded and panicked as the man spoke, all the while Zoey was obliviously snoring the night away.

Chapter Twenty Four – Escape and Capture

Garron had never seen such a filthy place in his life, everything was covered in black dust and when it rained changed the dust into a very fine mud. He had some difficulty walking on the wet surface, sliding in the mud as he followed the shady looking character in front of him. 
This place was nothing like Azania.  He had heard stories when he was a young boy of what Otherside looked like, and he once saw it from a mountain. The blackened land looked very similar to this dusty place. The rain had soaked his clothes and his body was once again stiff with cold, but he battled on, not showing his guide any weakness. Rusty might be a mediocre thief at best but a thief none the less, and where a thief sees weakness he also sees opportunity. If Rusty knew how much effort it took Garron to move his stiff muscles, he would escape or rob him and then escape. So Garron followed the scruffy man, hiding his pain beneath the shadow of his hood. 
They moved in the shadows, which was not difficult as it was night and the thick clouds blocked whatever light a moon would have produced. There were posts that lined the streets and each post had a light at its top. These lights did not burn like a lamp, there was no flame, and they did not flicker in the way lamps do. The hour was late and most people must have been sleeping but some houses still had light coming from them, the same non flickering light as the ones in the lampposts. He looked into a window and saw a man watching a box with images in it. There were people inside the box but they looked like they were in a different place, and he could hear them talking. The man simply sat there watching the box like the people inside were part of a story. 
Suddenly loud noise came from behind, he looked round and saw a man sitting in an iron cart with big black wheels. The cart was moving down the street but was not being pulled by anything. When there were still horses in Azania they would pull carts, now raleks did it, but this noisy thing the man was in only bellowed smoke as it passed them. 
This was indeed a strange place, he thought and he wondered what kind of opportunities a man like him would have in a place like this. They stopped in front of a building that was shaped like bread. He could barely make out its features in the darkness but it was most definitely a bakery. One window was boarded up and he wondered what happened there, not knowing that a garing had jumped through that same window a few weeks ago.
“This is it” Rusty said. “This is where the baker and the children lived, but like I said they disappeared”
“Can you open the door?” Garron asked.
“I haven’t picked a lock in a while, mugging is more my specialty.” Rusty answered.  
“Open it and I will give you a coin.” Garron said.
Rusty’s eyes lit up at the mention of the coin. One of those gold coins the stranger had with him was more money than he would make in a month of stealing. He felt around in his pockets not too sure if it was there any more, but eventually he produced a lock pick set. He was actually surprised that he still had it because he hadn’t had his hand in that pocket in years, him being more of a mugger of course. The lock pick set also reminded him of an unpleasant thing he would most probably have to do in the next few months. The set had been in his pocket since his last bath and looked pretty rusty like its owner. He only took a bath once every four years and finding the lock pick set confirmed that the time was right.
The rusty instruments didn’t slide smoothly into the lock like they were supposed to, Rusty knew it was going to take him a while to open the door, but he had better do his best for the stranger holding a knife to his back.
****
Locked in the caboose of a train Logan was also battling to open a door. There was no chance of escape when the train driver caught them, Zoey was asleep and they wouldn’t have been able to run away from him while trying to carry her limp body. 
The driver had locked them in the caboose, there was no time to take them to the police before the train was supposed to leave, but he was going to hand them over when they reached the end of the line.  And that sounded ominous enough. Where the line ended they didn’t know, but it was a dilemma. Wattville was where they wanted to be and they knew that the line didn’t end there. If he could just break the lock before they reached there, they might have a chance of escaping right where they wanted to be. He was using a teaspoon he found but with all his efforts the door was still not open, and the spoon was bent beyond recognition. 
“It’s no use” he said. “I can’t get it open.”
“I don’t think that door can be opened without the key” Huck replied “This place is like a prison cell, the windows are too small to climb out of and that steel door is too strong to break”
“We have to get out of here when we get to Wattville” Logan said.
“Why? Wherever they take us Zoey can still open a gate and take us to Carbu.” Huck said.
“I think Old Man Dingle left us something in the post office. I’m also wondering if Zoey can get us close to the Great Gate, we know what happened with her first attempt. She didn’t even get us close to home.” Logan sounded concerned, his entire plan revolved around Zoey getting them as close as possible to the Carbu before Mornus showed up.
Zoey was still sleeping and he wished she would wake up soon, there were so many things he needed answered and she was the only person who had the answers. 
The two friends heard a dripping sound hit the roof of the caboose, then there was another and another. The drops began hitting the train more frequently until cascades of water started running down the tiny windows. 
“That can mean only one thing.” Huck said.
“We’re close to Wattville” Logan grimaced, they still had to find a way out of the caboose before they got to Wattville.
“Hey, it rains in other places too, maybe we’ve still got a while to go” Huck added.
“I can see the sun coming up, the train always stops in Wattville first thing in the morning” Logan stated looking at the water running down the windows.
“Okay, then we need a plan, and we need it soon” 
The boys pondered every idea their minds could think of to get out of their predicament but not a single idea grew to an escape plan. They were stuck in this caboose and the driver was going to hand them over to the police when the train reached the end of the line and that was what they felt their adventure had reached, the end of the line.
“Where are we and why do I look like a coal carter?” Zoey asked from the bed.
The boys spun around to see Zoey staring at her cust covered clothes.
“We’re so happy you’re awake” Logan said “We’re in a train caboose on our way to Wattville”
“You boys surprise me, I thought we might still be back in Glickenswitch” she said sarcastically. “But we’re almost home, and you did it all without me.”
“Not exactly” Huck chipped in.
They quickly explained what happened and the situation they were in.
“I take back what I just said” she joked.
“This is no time for jokes. You were the one that opened a gate to Glickenswitch, why didn’t you take us home.” Logan asked annoyed.
“I could only open a gate to the place I was most familiar with and that’s the Glickenswitch School for Young Ladies, I hadn’t  been to Wattville in years when this whole adventure started.” 
“Then how will you open a gate to the Great Gate if you’ve never been there before.” Logan objected.
“You were the ones that said you believed in me” she snapped. “There’s a stone gate near Carbu.”
“What does that mean?” Huck asked.
“It should be easier to find, than opening a gate in thin air” She was furious with the boys for cross examining her. She would have explained calmly why she opened a gate to Glickenswitch if they gave her time but they were edgy because they were in this mess, and now they wanted to take it out on her.
The train whistle blew as it entered Wattville station and the group could clearly see the familiar station through the rain streaked windows. 
“Can you open a gate out of here?” Logan asked quickly, the annoyance in his voice replaced with panic.
“I need more time to rest” she said.
“How are we going to get out of here” Huck panicked.
“I think I can get us out, but not until the two of you apologise” she said. “I’m upset with your behaviour, simply passing the blame on to me” Rock and Brock stood at her side as if they agreed with her. The boys were too panicked to object and deep down they knew they were wrong. 
They quickly apologized as the train came to a stop. Zoey walked over to the steel door and put her palm against the lock. The spiral shape on her palm emanated a green glow and the light entered the lock as if it was looking for the right keys to push back. And with a loud clank they heard the lock open.
“How’d you do that?” Huck asked surprised.
“I am the gate keeper you know, and all gates have locks. You just have to know how to open them, which I would have told you if you took a second before attacking me.” she replied sarcastically.
“Again we apologize” Logan said as he grabbed the door handle.
“Wait” Zoey stopped him. “If we leave now the driver can still catch us, wait for the train to start moving then we jump, that way he won’t be able to stop us.”
“We should listen to you more often,” Huck said “otherwise we would be back where we started”
They waited for the train to unload the coal for the day, the whistle blew as the train departed and the Wattville three jumped out of it just as it left the station. 
****
The army of Capria started their march towards Carbu that morning. If any of the Aroua or Glaad Eneen had doubts about the missing Caleed, they did not mention it.  They believed in the two kings that led the march. The Aroua were dressed in the armour they found in Capria’s armoury, with the crest of the mountain proudly displayed on their chests. The Glaad Eneen didn’t wear steel armour but were dressed like the dog warriors of old, kilts and swords were all they had with them and their dogs walked by their sides ready to go into battle with their masters.
“We should be there by the dawn of the sixth night of the star” Arros stated. The council of Capria consisted of the remaining old Caleed, the two kings and the Taloen, they walked at the front of the army, escorted by the only members that did not wear the crest of Capria, the Royal Guard, that still wore the emblem of the three rivers and bow of Azacaplon. 
“I wish there were more of us, we saw the garrisons empty and we know how many men the east has to their disposal, at the moment we do not make up a tenth of their swords.” Wratig added.
“Don’t worry my friend, people will join our cause when they see our army and hear our purpose.” Arros said.
“I hope so, otherwise this is going to be a very short war.”
“Hope is not what you need, King Wratig” Aunt Belle said. “You have to believe, we have to believe that the Caleed find what they are looking for, and we have to believe in the people of Azania”
“I do believe in the Caleed. But I hope they find their way to us safely” Wratig finished.
****
While the King of the Glaad Eneen was wishing their safe return the Caleed were hunched in front of the Wattville post office. It was very early in the morning and whoever replaced Old Man Dingle had still not opened for business. 
They could see his chair standing empty behind the desk where they had always seen the bearded man sit. Why he never left the chair was still a mystery to them. They always thought that he couldn’t walk but they had seen him walking fine in Capria. 
“Can you do your lock trick on this door?”  Logan asked Zoey.
“Sure” she said and opened the door. “What are we looking for?” 
“Logan is sure Old Man Dingle left us something important” Huck answered.
The group entered the post office but something had changed. Whoever the new post master was he or she sure had cleaned the place up. People might actually now even receive mail from Wattville that wasn’t full of cust. Logan climbed over the counter and started going through the mail hoping that Old Man Dingle had hidden it between the letters and packages. He looked under F for Funnybread but found nothing, he then looked under G for Goodpie but still found nothing. 
“There’s nothing under Funnybread or Goodpie” he announced.
“Try C” Zoey said.
He went through the pile of letters and packages for C and there he found what he was looking for.
“Zoey, you’re a star.” he said.
In his hands he had a letter that was addressed to ‘The Caleed Capria, Wattville’.
“What is it?” Huck wanted to know.
“It’s a letter” Logan answered.
“What does it say?” Huck was impatient.
“Let me open it first” 
But before he could open it Rock and Brock growled. The group turned to see a very thin woman standing in the door. She was wearing a perfectly pressed postal uniform, her nose was just as thin and long, and her lips were pressed tightly together as she grimaced at them.  
“What are you doing in my post office?” she hissed between thin lips. “And what are you doing with my mail?”
“We’re friends of mister Dingle” Huck said quickly.
“He asked us to come pick something up for him.” Zoey lied as fast as she could. 
“I would not allow that man through the door, it took me a week to clean this place up and an hour every morning doing what old lazy chair didn’t feel like. Now you come into my post office with your filthy paws dirtying the place up again. And look at those filthy black dogs” she said disdainfully.
Rock and Brock looked at each other and felt this woman was right. Their pelts were not the beautiful brown with a tint of red any more. They were black from all the cust they accumulated when they were in the coal bin, so they did what they thought the lady wanted them to do and started shaking the cust from their pelts. This resulted in a black cloud filling the post office until nobody could see anything any more.  The group could hear the new post master say “oh my goodness, so much filth” and then they heard a thud. 
When the cust finally settled and they could see again, the entire post office looked like it had before. Rock and Brock were back to their proud shine of brown with a tint of red, but everything else was black. The lady lay flat on her back in the doorway, her perfectly pressed uniform covered in the dark cust.
“She must have fainted” Huck observed.
“Apparently the sight of dirt is too much for her to handle” Zoey said.
“Then she shouldn’t be living in Wattville” 
“Let’s get out of here before she comes to, I think she’s going to be furious when she sees what this place looks like. And I don’t want to be here when she does.” Logan stated.
“That’s if she doesn’t pass out again when she has a look at herself” Huck laughed as he rubbed his dogs behind their ears. “Well done boys”
****
They stayed out of sight on the way to the Funnybread & Goodpie bakery, even if people recognised them they did not want to explain their strange clothes.
The letter Old Man Dingle left them felt like it was burning a hole in Logan’s pocket. The group had decided to open it as soon as they got home and now they felt their legs couldn’t carry them fast enough. 
The bakery looked the same except for the boarded up window that the garing had broken. The warm inviting light that always shone in the windows was also missing, but that was to be expected since the bakery had been empty for weeks.  
Zoey put her palm on the lock to open the door but it swung open when she touched it. 
“It’s open” she said astonished. “Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert would never have left it open would they?”
“I don’t think they planned on ever coming back” Logan said as he entered his old home. 
When Rock and Brock growled it was already too late. The door slammed behind them and they saw the man that had followed them on the stone steps pick Zoey up and hold a knife to her throat.
They dared not move. The man had the crazy glint of rage in his scary black eyes.

Chapter Twenty Five – Garron

The girl’s feet were dangling in the air and he could feel that she was holding her breath. The boys were staring at him with horror and he could see the dogs hunching down like they were getting ready to attack.
“You better have your eneen stand down or I will end Colenz’ life” Garron instructed calmly.
Honrys complied with his orders and the eneen relaxed.  
“Now back up” he ordered.
They walked backwards never taking their eyes off him. 
They backed into the kitchen until they could go no further.
“Lock the eneen in the storage room” Garron still had Zoey dangling in front of him with the blade to her throat.
Honrys did as he was told. The eneen entered the storeroom hesitantly, still prepared to do what they could to defend the Caleed but their chance disappeared when the door closed.
Garron produced some twine from his pocket and instructed Logan to tie Huck to a chair, which he did, but when Garron inspected the knots, he found that they were not to his liking, Logan did it over until Garron was satisfied.  Garron put Zoey down on another chair and held the blade against Logan’s throat as he tied her up. He then tied Logan down himself.
All three Caleed were bound hand and foot to the chairs they were sitting on when the man with the black eyes took a seat. He stared at them but did not say a word, his emotionless eyes moving between the children like he was planning his next move. 
“What are you going to do to us?” Zoey asked when she couldn’t take the stress any more.  
Garron still did not speak.  
“Are you going to hurt us?” Logan asked, and a flicker of a smile appeared on the man’s face. The man didn’t have to answer, Logan knew what that smile meant. He clearly had intentions of hurting them.
“Why?” he asked.
Garron still didn’t say a word. He kept on staring.
“Why do you want to hurt us?” Logan repeated.  He knew the man worked for Mornus but he didn’t understand why.
Garron said nothing.
“Why do you serve Rylon?” he asked, and he saw a glint of doubt in the man’s white eyes.   
“Who are you?” Zoey asked.  She had noticed his reaction and knew there was something that she could play on.
“Who are you and why do you work for Mornus?” she asked.
Garron did not speak but he was mulling things over in his head.  He had shifted his eyes from the Caleed and was staring at the ceiling.  
“My name is Garron” he finally said. “I do not serve Mornus and I never have.”
“Then why are you here?” Huck asked.
“I served Dralor and was one of his agents?” Garron answered.
“Why’d you say, was?” Zoey asked.
Garron jumped out of his chair.
“I am not here to answer your questions” he growled.  He had had enough, and removed a cloth and a vial of liquid from his pocket. He poured some liquid on to the cloth and first held it over Zoey’s mouth until her eyes went blank, then did the same to Logan and Huck.
The three members of the Caleed were slumped in their chairs unconscious, when Garron sat down again. The Caleed were young but they had asked him questions he did not think about any more.
The gold that was the lure of all the agents of Dralor, the gold that gave him respect among his kind, was gone, he was banished from his home and the only thing that kept him going was the fear of being hunted down by a garing. If the Caleed returned to Azania that would be his fate, but he now sat with his fate in front of him in the form of three children. It was as easy as three slices from his blade and it was done. He would be a resident of this strange land he now found himself in until the day he died. There was no return to Azania and if he did he would be alone. All the respect and power he had had was gone, he was rejected, by his master, and that meant he was rejected by all. His master was the person that gave him a purpose, he took him in when he was a young boy off the streets and taught him the ways of the night. He was loyal to Dralor for all these years, for the favour he had done him. He served his master to the best of his abilities until he was the best agent Dralor had ever taught. He was unsuccessful in catching the Caleed in Azania but matters were beyond his control. He could not foresee Rahal setting the woods on fire outside of Dar Glaad Eneen and no one could have predicted the force the Aroua mustered in such a short time to overrun his army at Capria. He had planned their capture well, they barely evaded him on those two occasions and now his master, the one that gave him everything he had, had taken it away. There was resentment and anger inside of him and the cause of it all sat in front of him.
Garron picked up his knife from the table and pointed it at the heads of the three unconscious children in front of him. He decided to start with Rahal as he rose from his chair. 
With knife in hand he approached Logan.  
****
‘Arros was right’ Uncle Herbert thought. Their army had grown as they marched, the people of Azania were willing to join their cause. The closer they moved towards Carbu the more people would appear out of nowhere pledging their swords. News spread as the army marched and the people of the western realm were prepared to fight for what they once had. They had been under the control of the east for long enough. The army consisted of a rag tag bunch of whatever the western realm had to offer, there were farmers, miners, bakers, blacksmiths. Every person that could remember what it was like to be free joined the army of Capria. 
Uncle Herbert was standing on a hill overlooking the lands towards the Drakentande Mountains. He was scouting ahead when he turned round and saw how big the army behind him had grown. They still had a few days before they would reach the mountains but his hope grew with every person that joined. Rylon had a proper army with trained soldiers but these people marching through the lands below him had nothing to lose and everything to gain. They might just defeat the forces of Rylon. 
His thoughts turned towards the Caleed and its three members whom he had raised like his own children. He loved the time he spent with them in Wattville beyond the dangers of Azania, his heart broke the day they had to send Zoey away. He did all he could to protect them. He just wished he had more time to prepare them for the tasks they would have to perform. 
He knelt down next to his eneen and rubbed Zirk and Dirk’s heads.
“I wish I could have avoided all of this for longer” he said to them. “A few more years in Wattville and I could have started training them. They would have been prepared and I could have been by their side. Now, I’m here and no one knows where they are.” He paused for a while “I wish I had the two of you when we were in Wattville, I missed you just like I miss them right now.”
Zirk spotted something and lifted his head. Uncle Herbert stood up to get a better view. His eyes were not what they were when he was part of the Caleed but he could still see better than most people. 
Far to the south almost in the Sea of Wondering was something, it could be his imagination because he could not really see that far, but he felt there was something just the same as his eneen. It was too far to be a threat but he had to tell someone, even if it was only his imagination. He did not want to relive a day like the one in Azacaplon when Mornus attacked.
****
Logan had a bitter taste in his mouth and coughed as he regained consciousness. Huck and Zoey did the same as they woke. They were in Logan’s room again like the day they saw their marks for the first time. The friends saw each other and wanted to check if they were all alright, when they saw the figure of the man sitting at the door. It was dark outside and the little light that came in from the window didn’t do much to illuminate the man.
“You were right” the man said.  
The group was a little confused. They had just come too without any bonds around their hands and feet. He must have moved them to the beds and now he was speaking to them. They were sure he had poisoned them when he put the rag to their mouths, but he hadn’t.  
“You were right, I am no more an agent of Dralor. I have been banished to this place and may never return.” he said.
This time it was the Caleed’s turn to remain quiet. They simply did not know what to say or expect from the man who was supposed to end their lives.
“If you return to Azania I will be hunted and killed and if you don’t, I will die here but I will die an old man” He paused as he gathered his thoughts “A lonely old man” 
The group still didn’t know what to say.
“A lonely old man living in a land that is not his own. I have always been alone, agents of Dralor are despised, we spun webs of deceit to attain our rewards. My whole life I’ve been a slave to gold and for what? To have it taken away!”
Logan didn’t know if Garron was talking to himself or them, it was like the man was making a confession but he didn’t know to whom.
“I served loyally only to be discarded. Now I will discard my loyalties.”
He sat up and his face moved into the light. He looked directly at all three members of the Caleed Capria.
“I offer you my services if you can return me to Azania” he said.
“Why, won’t they kill you if you go back?” Logan did not trust the man’s sudden mood shift.
“Yes they will.” Garron calmly answered like it was not important.
“Then why do you want to go back?” he asked.
“Redemption.” he answered “if I die today not a tear will be shed for my passing. I have never had a person that cared for me and I have never cared for another person. I do not wish to die the way I lived.”
“Can we trust you?” Zoey asked sincerely.
“You are still alive, are you not.” 
Before they answered he rose from his chair in the shadows. 
“I will wait for your answer downstairs.” He left the room like the shadows he moved in.
The three friends sat in silence as he left, they did not want him overhearing their conversation. Unfortunately Garron moved so quietly they could not hear his footsteps and didn’t know if he had gone down the stairs or not.  They waited until Huck couldn’t hold out any more.
“I don’t trust him. What if he only wants to get us back so he can hand us over to Mornus.” he said.
“Mornus wants us dead, we are too big a threat to him to have us return at all” Zoey said. “I think he is sincere.” 
“I don’t want to take that chance.” Huck said.
“He did spare our lives.” Zoey objected.
“For how long?  Maybe Mornus will only be satisfied when he sees our dead bodies. Did you think of that, this guy’s going to take us back so he can show our dead bodies to Mornus and get back his gold.”
“We’re the only way he can get back Huck, I think he’s tired of being lonely.”
While his friends were arguing Logan felt an uncontrollable urge to open the letter Old Man Dingle left them. He was oblivious to the argument going on next to him, something inside of him kept on telling him to do it. He opened the envelope and removed the piece of paper inside and unfolded it. 
He was stunned when he saw the two words written in large black letters. He didn’t say anything when he lifted the paper for his friends to see, because suddenly they didn’t have anything else to say any more.
The letter read ‘TRUST HIM”.

Chapter Twenty Six – The Road to War

“It’s moving north, following the banks of the Rahal River” Herbert declared.
“Is it not moving towards us?” Arros asked.
“No but it seems to be moving towards where we’re going.” Herbert answered.
“Could you make out what it is?” 
“It still looks like a big cloud of dust” 
“When do you think it will reach the Carbu?”
“It’s moving fast, it might get there just before the star rises for the last time tomorrow.”
“That means it will only be a threat to us once we’re already engaged in war”
“Maybe it isn’t a threat” Aunt Belle joined the conversation. ”we don’t know what it is yet.”
A few days had passed since Herbert spotted something in the south. First he thought it was his imagination, but the next day he had seen what looked like a brown dot on the horizon. As the days went by, he monitored this dot and saw it come closer. Today the dot was a lot closer and it looked like a dust cloud. What was inside the cloud was still a mystery but he did know it was moving fast, much faster than any army could march. 
“I agree with Belle, it might not be a threat and we don’t have time to concern ourselves with it. We’ve crossed the River Colenz and tonight we will reach Carbu.” Old man Dingle added.
The army of Capria were camped out on the banks of the River Colenz. It had taken the entire previous day to cross the river, the water was shallow and they walked through it but it took more time than they anticipated. Arros hopes to reach Carbu a day early had been foiled by the river.  His army had to rest for today’s final push towards what fate had in store for them. 
“We are simply concerned with surprises” Wratig said.
“I understand your concern, but there is nothing we can do about whatever is hidden in that cloud. We can simply face it when we encounter it” Old Man Dingle made his point. “We have no one to spare to go and investigate, and we can’t send half of the army off to face it. We have to be in Carbu tonight or all this,” he waved his hand over the rag tag army of Capria “is for nothing”
“Unfortunately the Taloen is right,” Arros declared. “There is nothing we can do.”    
The King of the Aroua was a concerned man, he was leading his army into a war with the odds stacked against them and now he had another unknown danger approaching. 
****
“It won’t open” Zoey said. The palm of her hand was stretched out in front of her with a small disc of light floating in front of it. The disc stayed the same size, it didn’t change into a large disk or a cone like it did the previous times.
“I can’t open it.” She sat down on the chair and let her hand drop to her side. The disc disappeared like it had so many times that day.
“I’ve got to rest, I’ve tried everything Aunt Belle has taught me and it still won’t open. Maybe I need another day until I’m strong enough.”
“Please try again. Tomorrow will be too late” Logan tried to motivate her.
“Just give me a few minutes”
Zoey had tried several times to open the gate to Azania and Logan’s entire plan centred on them getting back today. Tomorrow was the day of his dream and if they did not get back today, he feared his dream might come true. 
They had been hiding in the bakery for the last few days, waiting for Zoey to regain her strength. Until today they enjoyed being back home, sleeping in their own beds. It was good to be in familiar circumstances. At night they left the lights off not to draw attention because to the people of Wattville the bakery was empty and they didn’t want to disturb that idea.
Garron kept to himself, and seldom spoke. The Caleed had agreed to take him back to Azania, but they were still afraid of him. Zoey was the only one who felt pity for the man with the black eyes, and she tried to have conversations with him. At first he was very hesitant to speak to anybody, he had never developed social skills and did not know how to converse with other people but eventually he started to talk to Zoey. He told her out about his past, what he did and how Dralor taught him to speak to bats or creatures of the night as he called them. She felt empathy for the man. She felt she was alone those few years she was at Glickenswitch but she wasn’t really, she had friends, she was just removed from her family. This man had never felt the warmth of friendship or family. Due to his lack of social skills he spoke in short direct sentences. Zoey had to ask him a question and he would answer it but never offered any information on his own. Most of the time he sat alone with his thoughts, and she would have loved to have known what he was thinking.
“Try the amulet again.” Logan suggested as he paced up and down trying to think of a way to help Zoey.
“I will in just a minute.” she said.
“Are you sure there is a stone gate close to Carbu?” Huck asked.
Zoey didn’t answer she was exhausted and didn’t feel like answering any of the questions the boys asked her. She had told him a few times already that there was and still he asked her.
“There is.” Garron answered to the surprise of everybody.
“How do you know?” Logan questioned.
“I’ve been there.” 
“You’ve been to Carbu?” Logan continued.
“No.” 
“But you just said you’ve seen the gate.” Huck added.
“The stone gate is not in Carbu” 
“Where is it then?” 
“It’s in the mountains.”
The conversation had some interest for Zoey who leaned forward. She had an idea that Garron might be able to help them. 
“Can you describe it to me? Maybe it will help me find it” she asked.
“I can.” 
In his short sentences he explained what the stone gate looked like in the Drakentande Mountains, he told her what was visible from the gate and where it was located. It took several minutes for Zoey to get all the information she wanted. She did not want to leave out the smallest detail. 
When she was ready she held out the palm of her hand again. A familiar dot of light appeared in the air in front of her and it slowly grew to a disc, the disc started to expand until it was ready to form the cone. Everybody smiled in anticipation; she was finally going to open the gate and Logan could set his plan in motion. But it never formed a cone. Instead the disc slammed itself shut with a loud crack.   
All of their enthusiasm sank into their shoes as the disc closed. Logan felt like screaming, he could see all his plans fall apart in front of his eyes. He was not annoyed with anyone except himself, he knew that Zoey was trying her best but he wished he had thought his plan through instead of having his friends go through all this for nothing when the outcome would still be the same as his dream. They could have spent these last few days with Aunt Belle and Uncle Herbert, in the comfort of the people that had been their caretakers all their lives. He had to clear his head and get out of the bakery.
“I’m going for a walk” he said.
“What if someone sees you?” Zoey tried to stop him.
“I don’t care” he said as he slammed the door behind him.
Logan’s eyes were focused on the ground as he wrestled with his thoughts. He walked down several streets not concentrating on where he was going, getting lost was the last of his concerns. What would happen if Zoey couldn’t open the gate in time or at all? Would Arros and all their friends still go blindly into battle putting all their hopes on him, Huck and Zoey? What would happen if they never got to Carbu, would the king of the Aroua and all his followers be annihilated? And if they were, would it be for nothing? His head was swimming when he heard a familiar but not too welcome voice.
“Who do we have here?” Gilly Naiker asked.
All four of the Naiker brothers were standing in front of Logan. Willy, Billy, Gilly and Silly, Billy was still on crutches as a result of the day he tried to trip Logan, his nose seemed strait but he still had black eyes due to the punch Huck gave him. The other brothers were dressed in their traditional running clothes and brand new shoes.
“If it isn’t old mushroom head, and all on his own,” Willy said.  
Logan hadn’t been called mop head in such a long time he had completely forgotten about the nickname. 
“Leave me alone” he said.
The boys backed him into a wall.
“And what is he wearing?” Billy added.
Logan had left the bakery in such a rush he forgot that he was wearing his tunic, pants and boots. 
“Is poor little baker boy going to a fancy dress party” Billy continued.  
“Leave me alone, I have more important things to do than be insulted by you fools” He was annoyed with the brothers and they seemed unimportant, compared to his other problems.
“Oh no you don’t, you cost the school the athletics meet” Willy said.
“How could I, I wasn’t even here” he snapped.
“First you broke Billy’s ankle, then you cheated me out of my spot, that’s two of us that couldn’t compete and we were worth two gold medals, two medals and twenty points. We lost the athletics meet with eighteen points. So you see, it was all your fault.” 
“We promised we’d get you, it’s just a shame your chubby friend won’t be here to share your pain.” Willy grabbed Logan by his arm and pushed him against the wall. Gilly grabbed his other arm and helped his brother hold Logan.  
“Whack him, whack him” Silly yelled as Billy dropped his crutches and prepared to punch.
The first punch hit him in the stomach, he tried to break free but the brothers had a tight grip on him. 
Billy pulled back for another shot but was stopped by the growl of two angry dogs.
“The chubby friend is not that chubby anymore and would like to share in the pain or should I say, share in dealing it out.” Huck said with a snarling Rock and Brock standing next to him.
The Naiker brothers froze. 
“I suggest you let my friend go.” he said.
They did as they were told and stood back. Not one of them took their eyes off the fierce looking dogs.
“Now scoot!” he said as an afterthought.
The Naikers slowly backed down the street still not taking their eyes off the dogs.
“This is taking too long,” he said “Rock, Brock, attack!”
The dogs jumped forward and ran for just a few steps to scare the brothers away. Logan and Huck watched the Naikers disappear down the street, Billy’s cast breaking into pieces as he ran. All the brothers would have broken records if they ran like that at an athletics meet.
“Are you all right?” Huck asked his friend.
“Yes, thanks Huck.”
“At least the day didn’t turn out all bad.” Huck smiled. “Those Naikers always bring joy to my face.”
Logan returned the smile.
“Let’s go home, Zoey says she understands something about the Gate.” he finished.
“To open it?”
“I think so, she looked a little crazy when I left.” He didn’t mean that she had lost her mind or something, he just couldn’t think of a better expression to explain the look he saw on her face. 
****
The Seven day star was up and the first moon was rising. The star was not centred over the moon but the following night it would be. The River Rahal was not connected to the Drakentande Mountains like the other rivers. Its streams flowed from the mountains but they seeped into the ground forming an underground river that only broke free of the earth a day’s walk away from the mountains. This piece of land where the River flowed underground was now where the army of Rylon camped. Above in the cliffs of the Drakentande mountain gapped the cave Carbu where the shattered Great Gate lay.
Arros looked at the army in disbelief.  The council of Capria had climbed a short way up the mountains, escorted by Feist, his royal guard and David. The purpose of the climb was to get a better view of the enemy and to plan the next day’s battle but now that seemed like an impossible task. He did not expect to see an army on this scale.  His army had camped down to the west just out of sight, not that it made a difference Rylon knew they were here and Rylon was ready for a war. The army that he now laid his eyes upon was at least ten times the size of his own. There were so many raleks that he couldn’t even guess their numbers and that meant there were just as many riders. Even if every living being of the western realm had joined his army they would still not be enough to face the force in front of them. 
“We will have to attack before dawn” he said “We won’t surprise them but if we keep attacking them in their camp, they will continuously be on the defensive. We will have to attack in waves to keep them occupied with protecting their position. We have to prevent them from forming an attacking position, a force like that will easily overrun us.”
“We will start planning when we return to camp sire” Feist understood what had to be done. When faced with an opponent this size the only way to deal with it was to slowly work away at it, not giving it a chance to attack until the odds had evened out. He would have to organize the army in smaller groups that could attack the enemy from all directions swiftly, and make a swift retreat. They would retreat before the enemy was organized, saving themselves casualties. Then another group would attack another position and also retreat. This would prevent the enemy from protecting one position and divide their forces.
“Raleks don’t like dogs” Wratig said smiling “They make them edgy and almost uncontrollable. Warders seldom rode raleks through Dar Glaad Eneen due to this.”
Arros grinned, realising what the sly old king was saying.
“I will have some of my sons sneak up to the enemy’s camp tonight. When we launch our first attack tomorrow, they will release dogs into that herd of raleks” Wratig said dryly.
The grin on Arros’s face cracked into a big smile. 
“You are a sly man Wratig. The more confusion we can create in their camp the better our chances.” he said as he started the descent down the mountain. “Let us return to camp so we can start our planning. Tomorrow we will lead the charge that will end the oppression”
“You cannot go into battle Arros” Old man Dingle stopped him.
“What do you mean?” he asked surprised.
“We have to protect the Caleed.  If they close the great gate they will still be in danger.”  Old Man Dingle explained. 
Arros knew the ‘we’ the Taloen was referring to was himself, Herbert, Belle and the Taloen. 
“Tomorrow at first light we will start our climb to the cave.” the Taloen continued.
“But the Army of Rylon lies in our path.” Arros objected.
“I know of another way.” Aunt Belle said. “It won’t take us near the army but it will take us the whole day.”
“We must follow this route to reach the Great Gate when the moon and the star align” Old Man Dingle said. “That is the time we will be needed. Tonight you give your men instructions and prepare them for war.” he said to Arros. “Tomorrow you will fulfil what you have been preparing yourself for all these years”
Arros nodded his head accepting the Taloen’s instructions. He would have led his army into battle with pride, even if it meant losing his life, but there were bigger issues at play than his redemption to his people.
****
“I don’t know how but it spoke to me” Zoey said.
“The amulet spoke to you?” Logan asked.
They were back in the Funnybread & Goodpie bakery. It was late afternoon when the boys returned to find Zoey and Garron sitting in the kitchen staring at the amulet. 
“After you left I held it so tight hoping that something might happen and then suddenly there was a voice in my head, in a way it was the same as the voice of Capria I heard when I announced, but it was also different, it was more of a thought or a promise. It said it will guide us back when the time is right”
“Why are you staring at the amulet” Logan asked.
“I think it is going to show me a gate like it did when we escaped from Wattville the first time” They all remembered the night Zoey saw a ribbon of smoke that guided her to the gate.
“When?” he asked shortly, the fear of his plan failing due to time still bothered him.
“We can only wait” she said.
They all sat down around the table staring at the amulet.  It held their fate in the balance but it was all they could do. They sat at the table until one by one they fell asleep. They slept with their heads resting on the table, all except Garron who stayed up all night waiting.

Chapter Twenty Seven – The Day of Carburan

Feist was standing alone on a little hill as they waited for the first wave to get into position. The sun was not yet up but the darkness of night was being pushed away by its arrival. They had divided the army of Capria into eight units. One would attack and retreat then the next one would attack and retreat in a different location. 
He had not slept the whole night. When they were done with the planning of the attack he spent the rest of the night moving their army into position before the sun was in the sky. A small group of Glaad Eneen had circled the enemy’s camp and was waiting to hear the first clash of blade against blade before they sent their dogs into the ralek herd hoping to create chaos.
Wratig approached him on the little hill overlooking the battlefield. In one hand he had his staff and in the other he carried a horn fashioned from the horns of a bull.
“Are your men in position?” he asked when he reached Feist.
“Yes my lord, all eight units are in position and unit one awaits your command” Feist answered. 
Wratig lifted the horn and Feist could see that it was old, cracks ran down its length. Oil had recently been rubbed into the cracks to protect it from the elements but it had been neglected long before that.
“This is the war call of the Glaad Eneen. It has been forgotten in Azania but today its call will ring out again.” Wratig said as he lifted the horn to his lips and blew.
A deep vibrating sound escaped from the horn, calling the Army of Capria to war. 
The first unit of Capria’s army attacked. Small but fast was the basis of their plan, attack and retreat.
The army of Rylon was expecting an attack but not one this small and centralised. When they had finally moved into position to defend themselves the attackers withdrew and they were attacked by another unit on another flank. This created a lot of confusion in the camp of Rylon. Riders tried to mount their raleks but the herd was uncontrollable. When the first attack was launched the Glaad Eneen released their dogs, creating a stampede through the middle of their camp. 
****
Arros watched the raleks stampeding from the cliffs of the Drakentande Mountains and couldn’t help but smile. The wry old man’s plan had worked.
Belle was leading them on her route to the cave. It was not an easy path, they were squeezed against the cliff on a very narrow ledge. They moved slowly step by step making sure of each foothold before they put weight on it. They were not very high up but high enough to fall to their death if they made a mistake. 
They watched the second wave attack and Arros felt that everything was going as planned, but then the first rays of light hit the land of Azania.
The cloud of moving dust  they spotted a few days ago was getting closer and he could see that Herbert was right. At the speed it was moving it would be on top of the battle by the end of the day.
****
“Wake up” Zoey yelled.
Logan opened his eyes to see Zoey standing with the amulet in her hand.
“I can see the ribbon” she said. 
Garron was standing next to her, watching her every move. Logan still didn’t trust the man. There was something about the way he moved and watched them that gave him the feeling that he had an ulterior motive.
“Where does it lead?” Huck asked.
“Up the stairs.” 
“You mean we could have slept in beds” he complained, stretching his stiff muscles.
“Follow it” Logan ordered. He did not have time to be polite. It was still very early in the morning and if they hurried they would be at Carbu hours before his dream predicted.
They followed Zoey up the stairs into Logan and Uncle Herbert’s bedroom. In the middle of the room the gate had already formed. Logan did not wait for his friends; he had to take action. He ran forward and jumped through the gate. The last thing he saw was Garron covering his face with a piece of black silk. 
****
It took a while for his eyes to adjust when he landed. Wherever it was it was very bright and the ground was mushy under his feet. He heard Huck and the eneen land behind him followed by Garron and Zoey. The gate closed with a crack. When Logan could see clearly again he noticed Garron had his hood up and his face turned away from the sun, even through the silk mask it seemed the light caused him discomfort. Dangling from Garron’s arms was Zoey’s limp body, she had passed out when they exited the gate, and even though Garron was in pain he still managed to catch her. 
The group was standing next to a stone gate on top of a mountain peak. The snow was the reason for the bright light, it was reflecting the sun straight into their eyes. The mountains they were on were the Drakentande Mountains that divided the land in two. To the north was a wasteland, everything looked burned, there were no trees or forests, only cities. They stared at the wasteland in disbelief. How could a place look so desolate? It was  darker than Wattville could ever be. It was impossible to think that anything could live in a place like that, but the cities were proof that there was something living there although it could not be human. 
“Otherside” Garron grimaced.
Logan understood why the Great Gate was erected when he looked at Otherside. It would be a tragedy if Azania was to be transformed into the wasteland they now laid their eyes upon.
“I see a lot of people” Huck said. “It looks like an army is moving into the mountain. There must be a cave or something, but they are definitely moving into the mountain.”
Logan strained his eyes to see something, but he clearly didn’t have the eyesight his friend  had. If Huck was right there was only one reason they would be entering the mountains. 
“They are moving to the Great Gate.” Logan said quickly. “Where is it?” he asked Garron.
“It’s down there” Garron pointed to the foot of the mountain at the Azanian side. 
“It’ll take us days to get there” Logan snapped. “I thought you said the stone gate was close to the cave.”
“I’ll have you there before the end of the day.” Garron said. He picked up Zoey and started walking. Huck followed but Logan stood still in the snow, he had heard the one thing he didn’t want to. ‘The end of the day’ was when his dream would become a reality.
****
“If your general does not change his tactics they will eat away at your army until there is nothing left.” Ortang said.
He and the Caleed Rylon were standing in the mouth of the cave watching the battle below. 
“Does it matter?” Mornus said cynically. 
The Orga general looked at the tall man.  He had misjudged the human. Willing to sacrifice his own men without an ounce of guilt, that was a quality the Orga admired. He almost laughed when he thought what he had in store for him. The council had ordered him to take Azania for the Orga and they had no plan of handing it back. He could not wait to see the expression on Mornus’ face when his army destroyed Rylon. But now he had to keep up appearances and play the political game - he could not let them know his true intensions. 
“We will be ready at your command.” he said.
“When we dispose of the children you can commence your attack.” Mornus ordered.
“Are you sure they will be here.” Ortang asked.
Mornus flashed him another cynical smile.
“They will be here, when they must.” he said.
Ortang climbed on his ralek.
“Then it will be so - when I see the Caleed fall to the edge of your blade the Orga will attack.” He reined in his ralek and rode past the shattered gate down the tunnel.
Mornus, Karin and Etan did not turn to watch the Orga general leave, they kept their eyes on the battle below.
“Are we doing the right thing?” Karin asked when she was convinced Ortang was beyond earshot.
“Yes.” Mornus answered.
“The Orga will not return easily.” Etan said.
“They think they have outsmarted us.” Mornus said.
“Yes, I could hear it in his voice.” Karin agreed. “Their plan is one of betrayal”
“A plan of betrayal, yet they are only a tool. They do not know what I have in store for them.” Mornus sneered.
Karin and Etan knew what Mornus was talking about. The Caleed Rylon had only discovered it recently, a weapon  with so much power that once it was unleashed, no army would be able to stop it.  A weapon with indescribable power, a weapon that they doubted they would be able to control. Etan and Karin said nothing but they thought the same thought.
‘At what cost?’
****
They had only been walking for a few minutes when Garron suddenly stopped. He poked his feet around in the snow like he was trying to find something, finally he cleared some snow with his foot and revealed a large flat stone. 
“This is it” he said handing the unconscious Zoey to Huck.
He got down on his hands and knees and started digging in the snow until the entire object was uncovered. Logan noticed it was not a natural thing, and it wasn’t made of stone, it was wood. It looked like someone had carved it into a shape. It was round and its edges were a little raised on one side. 
Garron picked it up and rolled it onto some fresh snow. He laid it down with the lifted edge pointing down the mountain. Huck and Logan stood in silence when he took Zoey from Huck and sat down in the middle of the sleigh. He held her tightly in his lap and turned to Logan.
“Climb on,” he said “Honrys and the eneen can run.”
Huck immediately changed into eneen when he heard what the man with the covered face said. He had forgotten what it felt like, during the last week in Wattville he missed the sensation of being free like a dog and all the abilities that came with it.
“Oh, that feels good” he said as his paws touched the ground.
“Give us a slight push when you climb on” Garron said.
Logan was amazed to see Garron uncover the sleigh. How did it get there and how did he know where to find it? He gave the sleigh a nudge until it started sliding down the slope. He jumped on behind Garron and held on to him as it picked up speed. Huck and his dogs were running like crazy to keep up with them, but he could see his friend was enjoying being back in eneen form.
It was exciting speeding down the mountain dodging trees and rocks but he couldn’t enjoy it. Logan’s head was still swirling with thoughts of the cave and what happened in his dream. He had lied to his friends, he had no intention of taking them with him to the Great Gate. It was the only thing he could think of to protect them. He knew Zoey would be incapacitated from opening the gate, and he had a plan to make sure Huck didn’t come with him but he didn’t know how to get rid of Garron. He still didn’t trust the man, and he was afraid that he might do something to help Mornus when he confronted him in the cave. 
He was still thinking of what lay ahead when the sleigh started to shake. The snow had thinned and they had come more than halfway down the mountain.  The sleigh bounced along the rocks underneath until it came to a stop.
“Now we walk” Garron said.
He stood up with the unconscious body of Zoey still in his arms and started walking. Huck was completely out of breath.
“Can’t we rest for a second?” he battled to get out. 
“If you please” Garron stopped. 
Huck changed back into human form and had his hands on his hips as he tried to catch his breath. He stood breathing deeply when he noticed the activity. 
“There’s a war down there.” he said.
Logan’s heart skipped a beat. Was his dream really coming true?
****
The sound of metal connecting with metal was a faint sound when compared to the howls and war cries of the Glaad Eneen. They were part of the eighth unit and this was their third attack for the day. Capria’s tactics were working, they had not lost many men compared to the enemy but how long would it last? Feist had left the post of coordinator to Wratig, who controlled the attacks and retreats by blowing his horn.  He was fighting with the eighth unit barking orders to his men when he found David fighting next to him. 
“What are you doing here?” he yelled. “Aren’t you with the first unit, captain?” 
“Yes, but I had to bring you news, captain.” Davis returned. “The riders are mounting to the back, they have regained control of the raleks.”
Feist felt his hopes disappear as Wratig blew his horn for unit eight’s retreat. A rider on a ralek was worth more than ten men on the ground. If Rylon could organize their cavalry they would overrun his entire army.
He fell back with his men as the horn blew for the first unit to attack again. He and David ran to the hill where Wratig was. 
“I hear the Riders are forming up?” he yelled as he got in earshot of the old king. 
“That’s the least of our problems.” Wratig returned when Feist came to stand next to him. “Look” the old man pointed to the south. 
The cloud of dust was coming into sight of the battle. It was a large living thing like a sand storm charging along the banks of the Rahal River. 
“My men are being overrun” David yelled.
The ralek cavalry had formed up and was attacking the first unit, running the men into the ground. Another group of cavalry had broken free and was charging down to the men of the second unit. Feist knew that it would finally happen, and he had planned for it. They could not continue attacking wave upon wave, when they had to face mounted soldiers. All the soldiers of Capria had to form up and stand together.
“Reform the men into one unit” he ordered David, who ran down the hill to signal the re-form command to the soldiers. 
He was surprised when the old king put his hand on his shoulder in a fatherly gesture.
“If this is the last stand we will make, I am proud to have known you Feist, captain of the royal guard of Azacaplon.” he said.
“It has been an honour to walk by your side King Wratig of the Glaad Eneen” Feist looked sincerely into the old king’s eyes. This might be the last time they would see each other.
Wratig lifted his staff above his head.
“For Capria” he yelled.
“For Capria” Feist yelled.
And the two men stormed down the hill to join their soldiers for what would be their final battle.
****
“We should be there in a couple of minutes” Belle said.
They could see the mouth of the cave from the path they were on. Herbert was in eneen form and could move much faster than the rest of the group, but he had to hold back and wait for the Taloen. Old Man Dingle moved as fast as he could but he simply couldn’t keep up. Arros was helping him when he heard the call from below.
“Oh, no” he said going pale.
He turned around to see the ralek cavalry crush the first unit. His army was forming up for the last stand. 
“I should be down there with them.” he said to himself.
“Your men know that you want to be with them. They also know that you have more important matters to take care of.” Herbert said. 
The earnestness of their task weighed heavily upon him as he watched the men below so willing to face their death.
****
“It is around that corner” Garron said.
The Caleed were being guided along a wide ledge by Garron. And Logan knew it was now time to act. He had to save his friends, he had not announced yet, and did not grasp all his powers, but he understood enough to believe in what he was about to do. He had practised while they were in Wattville, and was confident that it would work.
“Wait! I have to do something.” he said.
“What?” Huck asked.
“Old Man Dingle said there is something I have to do before we enter the cave.” he lied.
He started walking towards the corner where Garron said the cave was. 
“Where are you going?” Huck asked. He could sense something was not right with his friend.
“Wait here. Trust me.” Logan said continuing towards the corner until he was almost around it. He turned to face his friends, Huck and the eneen, Zoey limply hanging in the arms of Garron and a tear ran down his cheek. He put the palm of his hand against the cliff wall.
“No! What are you doing?” Huck yelled when he saw the tears in Logan’s eyes.
“I have to” he whispered. 
He summoned the power inside of him and said one word.
“Earth” 
The cliff started to shake, Huck started running towards him but he was too late as the ledge in front of him gave way and fell down the mountain leaving a gap wider than he could jump even in eneen form. There was no way the group could continue on that route, Logan had made sure he was separated from his friends.
“I have to” Logan whispered again and disappeared around the corner.  

Chapter Twenty Eight – Garron’s Redemption

The crimson light of the sun only caressed the top half of the Drakentande Mountains. Soon there would be no light except for the blue glow of the first moon which could be seen rising on the horizon, and right above it shone the brightest star in the sky, as if announcing the moon’s arrival. 
In the darkness below the crimson light, the clank of blade connecting with blade could be heard as there was a ferocious battle being fought at the foot of the mountain. 
A cave was disappearing into darkness while the last light faded. The hole in the mountain was so big that an entire army could easily have marched through it, except for the huge boulder that stood in the centre of its mouth. Driven into this boulder was one half of the sword of Aza. Only its hilt protruded from its resting place, the blade buried in the rock. Shattered pieces of metal lay scattered beyond the boulder, reminders of the Great Gate of Azania. Beyond where the Great Gate once stood a dark tunnel loomed, with thousands of yellow eyes waiting in the darkness.
Rahal Caleed climbed the big rock until he was standing over the sword of Aza. And placed his hand on the sword, ready to free it from its cold home. With this action the balance would return.  
But as the young Rahal gripped the hilt he saw the Caleed Rylon, a man that looked very similar to the king of the Aroua looking up at him. He had the same long hair as Arros, the same neatly trimmed beard and stood the same height if not taller than the king in his boots. But that was where the similarities stopped. This man did not have the same gentle face, his expression was stern and his eyes were hard. They were filled with anger, an anger that could only be created by an immense hatred, and he was now looking at the subject of his hatred. Next to him stood a tall blond woman and a stocky man with two dogs.  
Strapped to the tall man’s back was the other half of the sword the Rahal had his hand on. He sensed that the man would attack him with that sword at any moment, but he just  stared at the boy on top of the boulder, waiting for him to fail in his quest.
“Go ahead” he said “Try to pull the sword from the stone, see if you are better than your father.” A smirk appeared on his face. “See if you are worthy of all the lives going to waste at the bottom of these mountains, fighting to protect a child. You are the hope of these people, let me see if the sword finds you worthy.”
It was happening exactly like it had in his dream, everything was the same except for Huck and Zoey, but the doubts he had in his dream started to creep into his mind again. Was he really the hope of all the people sacrificing their lives below? He had to change the outcome. 
“I can see the doubt in your eyes, child. You will fail like Tamas” the man continued.
When he heard the name of his father his doubts turned to anger like they did in his dream, and he realised something he didn’t know in his dream.
“Now I can see the anger.” he said 
The yellow eyes that were waiting in the tunnel moved closer, the creatures were silent but he could sense that they were preparing to attack like a predator preparing to pounce on its prey. 
“When I am finished with you your blood will seep into the ground to be forgotten just like your parents’.” he said with fire in his eyes.
“No!” Logan yelled. “I will not do as you please, you want me to draw this sword in anger and hatred but I am not like you.” 
Mornus’ nostrils flared as he jumped onto the large stone, drawing the sword from his back.
“That is if you draw the sword at all” he sneared pointing his sword of Aza towards the young Rahal’s chest.
Logan remembered what he had learned as he saw Mornus’ shoulder move back preparing to drive the sword into his body. 
He jumped aside barely avoiding the strike. 
Mornus swung again and he ducked under the blow. 
Mornus launched an all out attack, he was not as fast as Feist but Logan didn’t have a sword to block the blows. He dodged and dived for all he could, narrowly avoiding every blow.
Logan ducked under another swing of the blade and Mornus kicked him.
He fell flat on his back and watched Arros’ brother lift the sword high above his head. The point was aimed at his chest.
Mornus drove the sword down.
A black flash appeared between Logan and the sword of Aza.
The sword drove through the flash and he saw it was Garron.  
The man Logan had never trusted had stepped in between him and the blade that would have ended his life.
He jumped up from the ground.
The blade had passed straight through Garron’s body but he was still standing. He twisted himself round and Mornus let go of the hilt.
Garron removed the sword of Aza and gave it to Logan.
“I have made so many mistakes, let this be the right decision” he whispered before he closed his eyes and collapsed.
****
“They’ve outflanked us” Feist said.
The raleks had surrounded the soldiers of Capria and were about to close in on the army. They were simply going to squeeze the life out of his men. Feist tried desperately to think of a way out but he believed it was now his fate to end it all here where he stood. His life was moments away from its close and he felt sad, not that his life would end but because he would never know if the Caleed accomplished what they set out to do.
He lifted his sword preparing for another attack from a rider. He would not be able to keep this up much longer, and if his men were as tired as he was, in a few minutes it would be all over. The rider slapped Feist with the side of his sword driving the Captain of the royal guard to the ground. Feist dropped his sword when he stumbled back to his feet, he was exhausted, his mind wanted to fight back but his body simply couldn’t do what it was asked. He looked into the eyes of the rider, the man that would now end his life. ‘There’s no hope’ he thought.
Suddenly the sound of hundreds of horns thundered through the valley. It was so loud everyone stopped fighting to see where it was coming from. 
It was coming from the sand storm that was almost on top of the battle now.
The storm was like a moving wall coming towards them.
The dust lifted a little.
Hundreds of men on top of mighty war horses exploded from the wall of dust, blowing war horns, swinging their swords.
Feist fell to his knees as tears welled in his eyes.
“The Knights of Holderum” he said softly. “The Knights of Holderum” he yelled.
The men on horseback rode into the raleks’ cavalry with swords swinging.
The army of Capria, at the sight of the knights had their fighting spirit renewed and launched into a crazed attack.
The foot soldiers of the army of Rylon broke formation running in all directions, their commanders ordering them in vain to stop. 
The riders were still standing their ground fighting men on horseback but now their victory was in the balance.
Feist was still on his knees watching the battle in front of him and he softly whispered to himself.
“They have returned, The Knights have returned.” 
****
The sword didn’t feel right in his hand. It was Rylon’s sword of Aza and it did not belong in the hand of the Rahal Caleed Capria. Mornus did not have a weapon but he was not afraid of the boy holding his sword. He lunged at Logan trying to grab the sword, but missed.
The sword was not his but Logan knew what the sword wanted him to do. 
He ducked under another one of Mornus’ attacks and drove the sword all the way down to its hilt into the stone next to the other one. And in one fluid motion he let go of it and pulled the sword his father once carried free from the stone. The sword was light as a feather in Logan’s hand, it felt like it belonged there and that he could easily use it. He felt a sudden surge of energy pass through his body.
Blue fire burst forth from the stone where he was standing and surrounded him. The fire shot into the sky in a beam of light as Logan announced the return of the Rahal Caleed Capria. 
He understood why he couldn’t pull the sword free in his dream. He wanted to use it in anger, Mornus had insulted him and his father to a point of rage and rage is not a balanced emotion. 
Everything became clear to Logan, he was the Balance Keeper and the balance would return to Azania. He was the last pillar of the Caleed Capria. Memories of the previous Rahals invaded his mind.  The elements earth, water, fire and air were his to aid him in keeping this balance. He finally understood his powers and how to use them. He finally understood his place in Azania.
When he opened his eyes the blue fire had disappeared and he saw Mornus frantically trying to pull his sword from the stone.
“You cannot free it in anger.” an enlightened Logan said softly, Mornus should know that.
“I don’t have to pull it free, it is mine.” Mornus said. He brought his fist down on the stone holding his sword and yelled “earth!”
The giant stone cracked in two freeing the sword. Logan, who was still standing on the stone, toppled to the ground.  He was on his feet just in time to protect himself against Mornus’ attack. Arros’ brother wielded his sword with such ferocity Logan didn’t know how much longer he would be able to block the blows.
Etan changed into eneen and circled to attack Logan from the rear. He was just about to launch himself at the youth when he saw a gate appear in front of him.
 Three dogs leaped out of it attacking Etan and his eneen.  
Karin fired an arrow at the gate but it stopped in flight and fell to the ground as if it had hit an invisible barrier. Zoey stepped out of the gate holding her palm in front of her keeping the invisible shield between her and Karin as she fired several more arrows.
Mornus turned to the tunnel and screamed. “Attack before they ascend!” The Rahal had announced but the Orga could still save the situation for Rylon.
The creatures with the yellow eyes in the tunnel charged from the darkness like they were possessed. They ran straight towards Logan and his friends, swinging their black metal swords until they ran into Zoey’s shield. The first wave of Orga bounced off the  invisible barrier but that did not stop them as they kept on coming. Mornus turned his attention to Zoey but instead of attacking her he attacked her shield, slicing a hole through it with the sword of Aza.
The yellow creatures started pouring in through the hole in the shield ready to attack Zoey, but to their surprise they were stopped when they bounced off another invisible barrier. Logan saw Aunt Belle standing in the mouth of the cave holding up her hand controlling the second shield. 
Arros fired an arrow from the bow of Aza down the tunnel and yelled “Fire”. Flames sealed the tunnel’s entrance stopping any more Orga from exiting the cave. 
Uncle Herbert and Zirk and Dirk jumped over Logan to help Huck with Etan. 
Old Man Dingle appeared behind Zoey and said. “Take Logan’s hand” 
Zoey grabbed Logan’s hand.
“Touch Huck!” he then yelled.
Logan dropped the sword of Aza and not letting go of Zoey’s hand he ran forward dragging her behind him. Huck was still in eneen form and frantically fighting with Etan. 
Logan grabbed his friend by his short tail.
Green light shot out of Zoey, red light shot out of Huck and blue light shot out of Logan. 
The lights twisted in a spiral around each other until they became one beam of white light that shot into the sky.  
The light emanated a white shield from the Caleed that slowly expanded in a circle pushing everything around them away. Some of the yellow creatures were pushed back into the flames and the rest were pushed up against the walls. Arros and Aunt Belle were almost pushed out of the mouth of the cave. Etan and Uncle Herbert had stopped fighting and were pressed against one half of what remained of the stone that housed the swords of Aza. Mornus and Karin were pushed against the opposite wall of the cave.
All the pieces of metal of the Great Gate that lay on the ground started to glow white and slowly lifted off the ground. They levitated in the air and began to make a humming sound. The sound increased like it was building up to an explosion and then suddenly it happened. 
With a flash of white light all the pieces flew towards the tunnel opening reforming the Great Gate and closing Azania to Otherside once again.
And suddenly it was silent.
The yellow creatures that were left in the cave dissolved into the air until they completely disappeared.
There was a voice in the heads of the Caleed. It was the first time Logan and Huck had heard it but it was familiar to Zoey. It was the Voice of Capria.
“You have returned the balance to Azania. What has been missing will return to the land and for your lifetime I am yours.” 
To the south west, on the peak of mount Capria, Castle Capria opened its doors for the first time in ten years. And nestled between the rivers Colenz and Rahal, Azacaplon rose from the water.
****
Feist was fighting against a rider on a ralek when he saw the beam of white light shoot into the night sky. He looked at the light with relief and his eyes watered when he fully realised what it meant.
He felt relief but the rider he was fighting against felt surprise as the beast he rode upon dissolved into thin air and he fell to the ground.
All the raleks disappeared, changing a mighty cavalry into a bunch of fleeing men.
Feist was watching the Holderum horsemen chase the last of the army of Rylon off when a man on a horse stopped next to him. He was dressed in heavy armour and had blond hair down to his shoulders.
“I understand you are in charge.” the man said.
“No, King Wratig is the leader of this battle.” he answered.
“But you are the captain of this army?” the man asked.
“Yes” 
“That makes you the leader in my book” The man leaned over and held out his hand “I’m Lezan, Knight Marshal of Holderum. Sorry we’re a bit late.” he said smiling.
Feist took the man’s hand and shook it “Feist, captain of the Royal Guard of Azacaplon. We didn’t know the knights of Holderum still existed.”
“Holderum has awaited its summons for a long time. Mornus had banished us to a land where even the stars did not make sense. We did not know the way until Honrys signalled us when he announced. When Colenz announced we knew we were on the right track.”
“Well, you made it in the nick of time” Feist laughed.  
****
Arros was staring down an arrow at his brother. Mornus was pinned against a wall awaiting his brother’s shot, when Old Man Dingle put his hand on Arros’s arm. 
“You cannot do this, Arros.” he said compassionately. “If you kill him you will upset the balance once again.” 
Arros stared down the arrow at the man that had caused so much pain. The man that he loved not too long ago but the man he now hated with every bone in his body. He could not let this man live for fear of what he might do in the future. Azania would not survive if he repeated his actions.
Zoey walked to the tall king that she adored so much and put her hand on his arm.
“He cannot harm us now” she said. “Let him go”
He knew they were right he could not afford to disturb the balance, but he did not lower his bow.
“This bow will not retreat until you are gone from my sight.” he said to the Caleed Rylon.
Mornus showed no fear, instead he wore a mask of contempt on his face. He had lost today but he would not retire so easily. 
“Open a gate.” he sneered.
Karin opened a gate and the Caleed Rylon disappeared from the cave of Carbu. 
When the threat had gone Logan looked at Huck and Zoey. 
“How did you get here so fast?”
“When you announced I immediately woke up and knew that I could open a gate to wherever you were” Zoey answered.
“And Garron, how did he get here before you?” 
“When you left us on the ledge, he climbed the cliff like he was a spider.” Huck was upset. “Why did you leave us on the cliff?”
“You know why, in my dream you were both killed and I couldn’t let that come true”
“Wasn’t that our choice to make?” Huck was still upset.
“I’m sorry, but it still cost someone his life.” Logan’s gaze shifted to the lifeless body that lay on the ground. “We never trusted him and yet he freely gave his life for us” he said sadly.
Everyone in the cave came to stand around the body of Garron, the ex agent of Dralor.
“He paid the highest price” Arros said gently.
“He had been alone for so long, why would he give his life to save what he fought against?” Zoey said as she knelt down next to Garron.
“Redemption. Even he knew that the rules he lived by were wrong” Arros answered.
“He only wanted to be accepted” Tears were running down Zoey’s cheeks.
“He will be” Old Man Dingle said. “History will tell the story of the man who lived in wicked ways, a man hated in for all the right reasons, a man shunned by all of Azania, but in the end he saved the life of Rahal Caleed, redeeming himself in the eyes of those who loathed him. He will be remembered as a hero not as the being he was when he lived.”
“What was his name?” Aunt Belle asked.
“Garron” Zoey whispered as a tear dropped on the hand of the man that saved Azania.

Chapter Twenty Nine – Home

The streets looked like they were paved with grass, the water that had drowned the city for so long had returned to the rivers where it belonged. The mud that was left behind did not take long to give life to the emerald streets, they all looked like perfect lawns. Azacaplon still resembled a swamp in some ways, but it was a living swamp.
Logan, Huck and Zoey looked across the River Colenz where the bridge that Arros destroyed once stood. So many things had changed since that day when they were being pursued by Etan and Karin. Capria had residents again, Azacaplon had risen from the water and was alive, the Great Gate at Carbu once again protected Azania from Otherside.
It took the army of Capria one week to march to Azacaplon and now they all stood behind the Caleed Capria, waiting for them to perform the last task that would turn Azania back to the land that it once was. The boy from Wattville kneeled down and put his hand on the soft grass. He imagined a picture in his head and said one simple word.
“Earth”
A few bubbles appeared in the gentle flowing river and multiplied until it looked like the river was boiling as the stones that were imbedded in the flow shook themselves loose from the mud. A large stone broke the water’s surface and drifted into the air, followed by more stones. They all began connecting with each other, re-forming the bridge Colenz.
The tall man standing next to Logan watched the bridge rebuild itself and when it was almost done he put his hand on the boy’s shoulder.
“Thank you for returning my city to its people.” Arros said. 
Logan looked the man in his eyes and he could see that for the first time since he had met the king of the Aroua, the glint of sadness that he had seen so many times was gone.
“Thank you for believing in us, and guiding us to this point.” the boy replied.
Cheers erupted from the crowd standing behind them as the last stone found its way into the bridge. They turned to face the crowd, seeing in the foreground all the people that had become part of their lives. Uncle Herbert and Aunt Belle that had always been there, Old Man Dingle who guided them, without ever really admitting it, Wratig the king of the Glaad Eneen, Feist and David, captains of Capria’s army. Beside Feist and David was a man on a horse, Lezan the knight marshal of Holderum. The Caleed had only met the man on their journey back to Azacaplon but he also had a hand in what they had accomplished. 
Behind these people the wide street was filled with cheering Azanians. Aroua, Glaad Eneen and every other person that joined their cause. At the very back sitting on their horses were the Knights of Holderum.
“This is where our paths take separate ways my friends, but there is no reason to be sad, now that the Great Gate is closed I am only a step away.” 
When the Great Gate closed the gates of Azania opened. Zoey could now open a gate to anywhere, or use the stone gates for other people. Arros was right, he was always a simple step away.
Tears welled up in Zoey’s eyes until she could not stand it any more and grabbed Arros around his neck giving him a hug. When she finally let go the boys also hugged him goodbye. 
Uncle Herbert Aunt Belle and Old Man Dingle stepped forward also to say goodbye to their old friend. More hugs were exchanged until everyone was standing around like people do when they have to leave, but don’t really want to.
“Like I said, just a gate away.” Arros said. “Now go to Castle Capria, it has been waiting for you for a very long time.”
Zoey opened a gate and the Caleed Capria, Uncle Herbert, Aunt Belle, the Taloen and four dogs stepped through it. Arros watched his friends disappear and then walked to where the others were standing.  He stopped in front of David.
“Captain, you have served me well and it is with pride that I now release the sword you vowed to me. Your sword now belongs to Capria where the rest of your family is waiting for you.”
Half of the Aroua had decided to return to Capria and make it their new home.  Arros had just released the man from a vow so he could be the protector of this new home.  
“Thank you my lord.” 
“When will you and the men leave?”
“With your permission we would like to roam the city for one more day.”
Azacaplon had been home to David and his soldiers before the balance was broken and they longed to see the city, see their old homes and places that had emotional value, even if it looked like a dry swamp. 
“Feel free Captain, you might be Caprians now but the Aroua will always have a place for you”
“Thank you sire.” David said “We will march to Capria in the morning.”
David saluted the king and rejoined his men.
“Well, while we’re all saying our goodbyes” Lezan said from his horse as he moved closer to Arros. “We’d better be on our way too”
He leaned over and grabbed Arros by the forearm.
“We thank you Knight Marshal, without your help there would be very few Aroua left to help rebuild Azacaplon.” Arros said, holding the man’s arm in the same way.
“No thanks required, we just needed to find our way back home. It is you who should be thanked, you were the one that helped the Caleed show us the way.  If the Knights of Holderum did not see the beam of light Honrys released when he announced we would still be stranded beyond the Sea of Wondering”
“We all did what we could. Safe journey Lezan, Knight Marshal of Holderum. I believe you also have a bit of rebuilding to do”
“Our city was destroyed, but it was never our home, where there are plains for horses to run is where we are at home. A good life Arros, king of the Aroua.” Lezan greeted, before he reined in his horse. Its front legs lifted off the ground as it turned to join the Knights at the back of the crowd.
“That man was born in a saddle.” Feist said as he came to stand next to his king.
“He certainly was.”
“What are your orders Sire?”
Arros faced the man he had known and trusted for his entire life and smiled.
“We rebuild Azacaplon, captain. It might take centuries but our city will be the pride of Azania again.”
“That it will be my lord, that it will be.”
****
The room looked out over Azania towards the east; Mount Rylon’s silhouette was clearly visible as it stood in front of the setting sun. The sun’s light illuminated the round viewing room of Castle Capria with an ember glow. It was warm, even if it was snowing outside and there was no fire burning in the fire place. Aunt Belle was frantically looking around the room. It was covered in dust and she could not believe the state of things. The Caleed knew that Aunt Belle would be way to upset to do anything else until the place was cleaned. 
The Caleed on the other hand had something else they wanted to do before house or castle cleaning could start. For the last few days they had enough time to put their thoughts together. They had questions they wanted answered and there was only one person who could answer them, and now was the time to ask Old Man Dingle what they really wanted to know.
“Mister Dingle, we have a few questions we would like to ask you” Zoey said.
“Sure dear, what wou…..”
“The questions will have to wait, first you have to help me tidy this place up, this will not do for the Caleed Capria.” Aunt Belle interrupted.
“But can’t we just…” Huck was interrupted.
“No buts, this is not fit for a stable boy much less the Caleed Capria”
“In a few minutes.” Old man Dingle interjected.
“Now! Not in a few minutes.  We will clean this place up now!” Aunt Belle was unreasonably close to full hysterics. 
Old Man Dingle knew there was no arguing with Belle, so he did the one thing that would stop him having to arguing with her.
“Zoey, please open me a gate to the city below and keep it open until I return” Old Man Dingle asked.
It was a strange request but the Taloen was a strange man, so she did as he asked.
He stepped through the gate and as soon as he was gone Aunt Belle started cleaning. A cloud of dust surrounded her as she moved across the room dusting with her apron. Uncle Herbert lit a fire in the fireplace and started helping her.
A few minutes passed before Old Man Dingle returned and when he did he was followed by Gwalit who pretty much had the same reaction as Aunt Belle when he saw the state of the castle.
“Oh goodness, this will not do” he said “ I’ll have to get a few gnomes up here to give this place a good dusting over” but that was a terrible mistake because immediately he and Aunt Belle started arguing. She said that she didn’t need anybody cleaning where she lived and Gwalit argued that gnomes simply do things better than humans. That just made matters worse, and the Wattville three could see this was going to be a long argument. Old man Dingle, with his sly ways had with the single act of bringing Gwalit to the castle, shifted Belles argument to the gnome and was now free to talk to the Caleed.
“Now that she is arguing and not putting you three to work, you can ask me your questions.” the Taloen said to the three children watching Aunt Belle and the gnome’s crazy antics.
“Why didn’t we come here in the first place?” Huck asked.
“There is no route to the castle and with the Great Gate shattered the gates of Azania were closed so there was no way of reaching the castle. The gates opened when you ascended and now we’re free to ascend to the peak of Mount Capria, to the castle you now stand in.”
“That doesn’t make sense.” Huck said.
“Why?” 
“Zoey opened the gate to Carbu when Logan announced. The great gate was still broken. You just said that it wasn’t possible to open a gate with the great gate broken.”
“I think when Logan announced, Zoey found the power within herself. That’s why she woke up.” He turned to face her “In that second you believed enough in yourself and your friend, that you found it in yourself to break the rules of the balance”
“But how is that possible?” she wanted to know.
“The rules of the balance are not set in stone.  The balance might change the rules a little to achieve its goal, that’s why you opening a gate when you shouldn’t have been able to, was possible.”  
“And Mornus where is he?” Logan asked.
“In Castle Rylon.”
“How do we know he won’t try anything again?” Logan asked.
“The Knights will make sure he doesn’t leave the castle”
“But what if they open a gate?”
“If Karin opens a gate I will feel it.” Zoey answered this time. 
“For now they are trapped and they are most probably standing in their viewing room like you right now staring at Mount Capria”
They all stared at mount Rylon and wondered if the Taloen was right - were the Caleed Rylon in their viewing room looking at them.
“How did you know we would get the letter you left us in Wattville?” Logan asked.
“What letter, I didn’t leave you a letter.” The old man had an innocent smile on his face. 
“Just like you didn’t give us the stones of unification.” Logan was sarcastic
“What stones?”
“Yeah, right” still sarcastic.
“The stones found you by themselves and so did the letter.”
They just nodded their heads with disbelieving expressions, the old man was not telling them what he really knew. They accepted it like they did so many things over the last month and turned round.
Old Man Dingle gave a step back and looked around.
“There it is” he said. 
“What” Huck asked.
“My chair” Old Man Dingle pulled a rather large lounge chair closer, it would not have been possible to move it if it wasn’t for the wheels at its feet. “Do you have any more questions?” he asked as he sat down.
“Not at the moment” Zoey answered.
To Logan and Huck, Old Man Dingle looked like he did when they got to know him, seated in a chair.
Old Man Dingle wheeled around in his chair, patting the arm rest with his hand “You have no idea how much I missed you, my old friend”
The Wattville three shot him a big smile, it was ridiculous to see a full grown man speak to a chair.
“What? The one in Wattville was just not the same” he remarked when he saw their expressions. He wheeled to the window and looked out “Forget about the chair, children, and enjoy the view from your new home.” 
The sun was about to disappear behind Mount Rylon and the three friends stood there enjoying the last warm rays as they listened to Aunt Belle and Gwalit argue about who was going to clean Castle Capria.

Chapter Thirty – Surprise

Far to the north of castle Capria beyond the Drakentande Mountains in the City of Garwha stood a man in front of the high council of the Orga. He looked down at his arms at his yellow skin and thought it funny that his skin looked so strange to him. He had worn the pale dye for so long he became used to it. He had not been in Garwha for half a century and it felt good to be home even with all the circumstances he found himself in. The High council was not pleased with him, he promised to deliver them the land of Azania so long ago when he left and now they were back where they started. The man he had manipulated since he was a boy had failed. Mornus had returned to his castle with his tail between his legs and all the planning and training he had given him had been for nothing. He had poisoned the young Caleed’s thoughts since he was a boy and he had manipulated him to do what he wished. It was not easy to convince a man that he is your master when it is actually you, who was pulling all the strings.
 And now he stood before the council not having completed his task but he was smiling. He should have feared for his life but he had learned about something, and when you know about something that others don’t, you always have the upper hand. Mornus was a failure but in his quest to become ruler of Azania he had found something that had been forgotten, in both the lands of Azania and Otherside. Something with more power than all the armies of these two lands combined. The Orga would have been in for a surprise if they tried to overrun Azania, Mornus would have released this thing and been the ruler of both lands.
Dralor did not need Mornus any more, he knew what this thing was and he knew that the Caleed Rylon did not have to be one of his priorities any more. They could not release it now that the Caleed Capria had ascended. He thought of all these things and a grin cracked across his face. Mornus could not release it but he knew that he could.
“Why are you smiling?” the council master wanted to know “Have you no respect for the council. You are a disgrace to your clan and even worse a disgrace to the Orga. Your mission was a complete failure.”
Dralor looked at the council with his black eyes and evil grin.
“Was it really?”

The End of Book One
