The Keys to the Animal Kingdom
by
    August Hyland


Copyright © 2008 August Hyland

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher at the address below.



This book is fiction. Any resemblance to living people is purely coincidental.

Dedicated to Pie and Pookie




Prologue 


Although all the animals had heard the rumors, until the evening of the tumultuous storm, none knew for certain where the master keys had gone. A bungling zookeeper had dropped the first four years earlier. The idiot had not reported the key missing, nor had he bothered showing up the next day, and the skinks, snakes, and great horn owl had all gone hungry.
	 The once shiny object, now just a rusty blur in a crack of the golden lion tamarins’ lagoon, barely made a ripple as it slipped into the water that surrounded the tiny monkeys’ island. Two of the tamarins had witnessed the blunder, but one of them had already moved on to greener jungles.
	The second master key that could unlock nearly every door or cage in the entire zoo had tumbled down a water grate from a hole in Dr. Gaston’s pants’ pocket only a few days ago. Dr. Gaston, the zoo’s director, had grabbed pants from the donate-pile in his great rush not miss the birth of a white rhino calf.
Later Dr. Gaston searched his dresser and the pockets of his signature trench coat but concluded his cleaning lady must have found the key and tucked it away somewhere safe. He tried to remember to ask her but forgot amid all the baby excitement. It didn’t worry him too much. After all the chances of someone finding the key and knowing what it was for were very slim, right?



Chapter One 
       
Sam


Each day at exactly 3:35 a nine-year-old boy with honey blonde, porcupine-spiked hair and skink-tongue-blue eyes passed through the gates of the New Orleans Audubon Zoo. Everyone at the park knew Sam. Keepers, popcorn venders and volunteers all waved hello the boy. Even the elephants and flamingos raised their trunks and flapped their wings in greeting. Sam was very important to the zoo though only a handful of creatures knew exactly why.
Only Charlie, the amiable, white-haired man who ripped tickets in the afternoons while humming Broadway ballads shook his head at the boy. The old man liked Sam very much but the boy confounded him. Day in and day out Charlie watched the boy bend down to talk to a squirrel or coax a timid, wild rabbit out from the underbrush with one of the baby carrots he kept stocked in his backpack.
“I don’t claim to understand it but I’d swear those beasties understand you when you talk to them,” Charlie had said the day the boy diagnosed a greater kudo’s toothache. “It’s like they’re really listening to you.”
	That’s ‘cause they are, Sam wanted to say but never did.
The fact was the animals could hear Sam and he could hear them. Frankly Sam heard too much. In fact, as a baby, he himself had resisted making any sound at all for fear of adding to the cacophony he heard. For nearly five years, his silence worried his parents, brothers, and teachers. Finally, after one mean bout of teasing on the playground, Sam’s school’s headmaster advised his parents to take him to a specialist.
“We have some of the best otolaryngologists right here in the New Orleans
area.”
“A what?” his mother whispered to his father. 
His father shrugged and squeezed her arm. Even as an adult, he harbored an abnormal fear of headmasters. They never invited you into their offices to discuss anything good.
For a several weeks, Sam’s personal team of specialists subjected him to a million different tests and scans. He suffered tedious afternoons with his head pinched between the vice-grip of headphones, listening to a jolting series of beeps and squeals. Dutifully, Sam raised his hand each time he heard the faintest sound.
In the end, no accurate prognosis could be determined. The doctors all agreed. The boy’s hearing was fine, mind-bogglingly great actually. Still they could find no physical reason for his silence. “Good news is you have a very healthy boy,” one doctor told them. “The bad news is he’s exceedingly stubborn. Just give him time.” 
Sam, it would appear, simply chose to remain silent.



Chapter Two
Would Like to Visit the Zoo


Only Kindlie, Sam’s grandmother, understood what kept the boy silent even when he was hungry or agitated in the diaper. From the moment he was born she had been observing him, watching his every expression, taking note of his reactions to the myriad of sounds all around him. No, she had not worried about her grandson. Or at least not in the way everyone else did. Not yet. For now Kindlie was extremely proud of him though she could tell no one why. 
But the truth was Sam stayed silent for so long because he could not be certain which language was rightfully his own. Was he supposed to tweeter and coo like the sparrows and doves that visited the birdfeeders and peanut buttered pinecones hanging in their backyard? Or should he snort and whine for table scraps like their beloved French bulldog? Perhaps he should be learning to hiss and spit like the neighbors’ cantankerous tabby. 
In the end, he went with human, choosing the gentle sounds that slipped from the mouths of his sighing mother and nervous father. Neither the doves nor the cat had much time for Sam anyway. 
When Sam did finally trot out his first words, they were perfectly arranged in a complete sentence. 
 “I would like to go to the zoo.” 
 “What?” his father said, nearly choking on his coffee. 
 “When?” his mother asked. 
 “As soon as we can. Maybe after school?”
Once the breakfasting family shook off their initial amazement, they leapt up and danced about the kitchen while the youngest member finished his tall stack of banana pancakes studded with honey. 
 “Why don’t we go instead of going to school?” his mother Pallas said, pulling her youngest into a smothering hug. 
That first trip to the zoo with his mother forever changed the course of Sam’s life. The moment he passed through the zoo’s elaborate entrance with its carved stone animal columns and leafy foliage, his eyes lit up. He stared at the majestic palms lined the wide bricked walkway leading him down to the massive life-sized elephant fountain. He soaked up the shimmering sunlight of the penny pool’s reflection and breathed all the earthy smells of a three hundred and twenty-two animals. All he could do at first was smile, stunned by the complete happiness he had found. Surely the New Orleans zoo was one of the most beautiful places on the planet. Everywhere he looked he saw broad-limbed oak trees, fiery red and orange flowerbeds, delighted visitors and content animals. Two iridescent peacocks strolled by. Some children licked ice cream cones and cracked peanuts. Even the zookeepers in their safari-style uniforms and pith helmets looked happy just to be there. 
Sam shivered despite the hot Louisiana heat. He had come home. 
For the rest of his life, he would feel more comfortable at the zoo than anywhere else in the world. Home was where his family lived and he loved his room and toys but instinctively knew that while one day he would grow up and leave that nest, he would always find refuge at the zoo. 
From that first visit on, Sam spent as much time as he could at the zoo. He had become a sponge, absorbing all the knowledge and information about the animals and people connected to the park as he could. Before long he came to think of his family as an extended zoo exhibit. Once, after his first full day of work, he came home and cracked his grandmother up, using his best volunteer tour guide voice: “Sam and his family live in a semitropical climate, not far from the ocean on southern hemline of the United States of America. Their natural habitat is a two-story Victorian house, sandwiched between a manicured park of live oaks and golf holes and the wide, muddy Mississippi in Louisiana. As a juvenile male human, he also spends part of his daylight hours in a classroom at a superb school with other juveniles of his age. Though his species can grow to nearly seven feet high, and weigh anywhere from 130-413 pounds, he will most likely not, as his father and mother are of average stature.” 
Sam was a bit short for his age with hair like a hedgehog’s sticking out in places he would prefer it did not. He had bright, fair eyes the color of a turquoise parakeet and a friendly grin that often cracked open like an egg, curling up the corners of his thin, lizard tail lips. 
Between school and the zoo, Sam was very busy learning much about the world and marveling at it all. He was so busy processing everything around him; it wasn’t until he was six that he comprehended the full wonder and uniqueness of his gift. No one else understood animals when they spoke. 	
Only he might be able to converse with all the earth’s beasts, great and small, feathered and leathered, billed and quilled, bumpy or humpy, with or without wings, hooves or opposable thumbs. 


Chapter Three
A Powerful Find


 “I have a secret,” the tapir said to a passing, tailless squirrel. He also had a bit of a hang hoof, but it was not infected. 
 “I know. I’m the one you heard it from.” 
 “Oh.” 
 “So shut your snout. No one else knows.” 
 “Really?”
 “Just us. It’s a very important.” 
The tapir peered over his shoulders, first left, then right. He had long held an overblown view of his kind, believing that the size of his expansive enclosure indicated the tapirs’ superior social standing in animal kingdom. He failed to take into account that ostriches, emus, and capybaras also shared his acreage, not to mention the many ducks, swans, herons, fish, and box turtles. When the tapir spoke again, he lowered his head so that his black, conical proboscis muffled his words. The squirrel was forced to take a few steps closer. 
 “No one else knows the secret?”
The squirrel rolled his beady eyes. “Well, maybe one or two Freebies. Squirrels, I mean. Birds. Possibly a bunny maybe. But none of you convicts.” 
 “Hey. Don’t call us that,” the tapir snorted and stamped his sore foot. “Ouch.” 
The sun had yet to warm the air, and the squirrels’ chattering had woken him before dawn. This tapir did not like being up early. 
Usually he awoke with the sun breaking over the high oaks along with the zoo’s lazier animals began to open their eyes but the squirrel had rudely dislodged an acorn from under his sore hoof.  Freebies– the birds and the other free roaming creatures­– woke before dawn to get a jump on the day’s scrounging before the fiercer animals were still locked up inside their night quarters. Unlike in the wild, the park was actually safer for them at night. 
 “Yeah, yeah,” the squirrel mumbled, flicking the silly little stump where once his tail had been. 
 “Can I tell my mate?”
 “No! You weren’t even supposed to hear it, you nincompoop. Just forget it. Lose it in the hollow of that gumball brain of yours. Why don’t you think about your breakfast instead?”
The tapir swung his dangling snout. “Nope, not gonna forget this time. I know this is very important, so I shall remember it. I bet a few animals would really like to hear ‘bout this and when I decide—”
Just then, as the tapir was about to make the speech of his life to the scheming squirrel far too preoccupied to care, a yawning keeper pitch forked a bale of leafy greens down on to the trampled grass. Five other tapirs wiggled up out of their straw crèche and galloped over barely missing the squirrel in their excitement. The muddy little hoof path became a jostling, flabby, black and white stampede. 
The squirrel, once again thankful for his handicap–tails were overrated–bounced off to the safety of the raised boardwalk. 
Across the zoo, a young rabbit kitten named Flora hopped her way to the giant Aldabra tortoise ring. She navigated purposefully, keeping to the densest undergrowth, while she reflected over the events leading up to her course of action. The night before the gusting winds and slanting rain had been relentless. Most of the warren had flooded, and the rabbits had evacuated to higher ground, the newly constructed hilltop playground for the small human. Twenty-two rabbits had huddled under palmetto and ginger leaves, sopping wet and shaking. It was the tail end of the cold season. No one, not even the mountain bongo or zebras, had forecasted such a deluge. 
Once the rain finally stopped, the wind had blown the night sky clear. The lamplights illuminated the soggy maze of puddles and downed branches. Flora’s father, Gent, an impressive, black rabbit with a crimped ear and a persistent limp, had gone to investigate. It was his duty to report back to Gall, the leader of the primates. 
Flora and her father had picked their way through a mushy path that curled through the primate neighborhood. 
As they passed the howlers, a muffled chattering caught Gent’s ear, and he quieted his daughter. A triangle of squirrels convened, speaking in hushed chirps under a flickering path light. Gent and Flora crept closer, silent as the flap of butterfly wings, until they were only a few yards away downwind from the three squirrels. 
 “We should bring it to Titus. He’ll know what to do—” the smallest of the squirrels said. 
A third thuggish squirrel snatched the flat gold object out of the first’s paw and said, “I disagree. Titus is dying. I can smell it on him.” 
 “No, give it! I know what to do,” Grimm, the tailless squirrel, hissed, glancing over his shoulders. “Meet me at dawn in the back pasture by the ugly Black and White Ones’ trough.” 
Flora had not known what the small metal thing was. Her father, a large buck rabbit called Gent, told her once the squirrels had dispersed. 
 “It’s the key,” he said. 
 “A key?” she asked. 
He nodded solemnly. “A master key. Whoever has the master key rules the zoo and gets to decide the fate of every single animal here. We live and die by the key. We can escape or forever be captive depending on who has it. He who controls it is master.” 
 “But we’re not caged. Why would it matter to freebies?”
 “Perhaps not directly, my love,” Gent said, smiling gently into her saucer eyes, “but it dictates our fate all the same. How long would you and I survive if the key fell into the wrong claw?”
Flora shivered as though a bucket of ice water had been splashed over her soft brown fur. She recalled the way the lionesses sometimes looked at her whenever she passed their rocky, valley enclosure. She had seen the glistening yellow eyes of the pitch black jaguars as they watched her nibble the sweet bamboo shoots just outside their smooth see-through walls. 
Flora’s whiskers quivered. “What are they going to do?”
 “I don’t know. But they’re not going to bring it to Titus.” 
 “Is it true what they said?” she asked, her voice barely audible. 
Gent sighed. His daughter looked so small nestled under the drooping banana leaf. She had her mother’s same wide acorn-colored eyes. He recalled the summer before when she, his favorite daughter, had been born. How he had prayed Flora would live, against all the odds. It is a rare off spring who survives without its mother. 
Gent smiled sadly. “Yes, dear heart, I’m afraid so. He hasn’t much time to live.” 
 “But he’s the king. He can’t die.” 
Her father hopped closer. He rested a paw on hers and nodded. “I'm afraid so. But you mustn’t worry, my little bunny. It’ll be all right. Titus knows he’s dying. He’s even grooming the next king as we speak.” 
 “Really? Who?”
 “We must be patient. All will be explained.” 
 “Who will he pick? One of his sons, right? Erato? Dryades?”
 “Shhh. Titus will take care of us. He’s the wisest tiger- king- this zoo has ever known. We’ve nothing to fear, I promise.”  But even as the rabbit father spoke, his mind raced. Great trouble was brewing. How in the world did Grimm get his treacherous little claws on a master key?


Chapter Four
Something’s Not Right


Most days, Sam left school exactly the moment the final bell rang. He had to be at the streetcar stop no later than thirteen minutes past three. If he was late—if his teacher kept them a few moments too long, he would miss his ride and not be able to get to the zoo in time. Sometimes the next streetcar came along too late. 
The day after the great storm, Sam made it through the zoo’s gates and but had only a moment to spend with old Charlie. 
 “Phew, you should have seen the place this morning. They had a ton of work to do. Hadn’t thought there’re that many leaves still up in the trees. Nearly filled a half dumpster. Serge and his troop just finished a half an hour ago.” 
 “Looks good now, though.” 
 “Yes indeed. I’ve always liked a good solid rain. Wipes the slate clean.” 
 “How are the animals? Did Valentine get scared?” Sam asked. “That thunder was amazing.” 
 “Wouldn’t know about that. All the pens were pretty messy. The elephants are happy now. Their pen’s a mud hole. Can’t say the same for the cats, though.” 
 “See you later, Charlie.” 
 “I’ll be here. Say hello to the beasties.” 
Charlie watched the boy with his faded blue backpack hurry along the path under the enormous palm trees. He smiled. Sam was a good boy; a bit odd perhaps, but gentle and really seemed to love every animal in the zoo. 
Sam rarely thought about where he would go before arriving at the zoo. On this particular day, after passing through the gates, he waved hello to the women working the concession stand and walked straight down to the fountain at the very center of the zoo. 
Most of the animals sensed his arrival even before he got through the turnstile. All he had to do was stop at the fountain and listen. Some animal or another would make his decision for him. Today Sam imagined the cats would be the first to summon him, but instead he heard the thundering howls and squeals of the anxious primates. 
Gall, the nineteen-year-old silverback mountain gorilla was sitting perfectly still on the highest faux rock table of his enclosure. His mate, a female named Gully, hunched behind him, busily plucking through his course black fur. Across the raised boardwalk, three orangutans swung about on their ropes and shrieked in their large, rocky pen. Andouille, a rare, pinkish orangutan, frantically beat the plastic bucket perched on her head while her son, Ti-Boy, did somersaults. The two briefly stopped to mock-salute Sam as they passed. 
The boy went to stand directly in front of the great silverback. “Hello, Gall.” 
 “Hello, Pet. I am glad to be seeing you.” 
 “I was worried. The streetcars were all backed up. There’s so much water on the tracks.” 
 “Then the rain’s brought trouble all over,” Gall said, turning to his mate. “You leave us now, Gilly.” 
Sam could feel electricity in the air around him. Something was brewing. Many animals were sending off disturbing pheromones. “The zoo’s noisy today.” 
Most animals are unable to control the way their bodies emit signals. Often humans misread or misconstrue their excitement as arousal or distress. At nine, Sam was not yet adept at translating the great spectrum of mammalian responses. He understood sorrow and contentment and many degrees of emotions in between the extremes, but he could not always distinguish the more subtle nuances between fear and stimulation. 
 “It’s like there’s a lot of excitement in the air,” Sam said, glancing over at the Ti-Boy and Andouille. 
Gall nodded. “Something’s happened. I hate to rely on inferiors, but I do as I must. I’ve sent wings to Titus but have not heard back yet. Perhaps—”
Gall leveled his massive black head at the boy. His topaz colored eyes, set deeply beneath his heavy brow, met Sam’s. His expression carried the colossal weight of hundreds of generations of his gorilla ancestors before him. 
Of course Sam would help. 
“I can go to Titus. I’ll come back before closing.” 
 “Wait. Pet, there’s something wrong. You may not be able to detect it but something’s upset the Balance. Order has been disturbed. I sense it. Many others do as well. I smell danger.” 
 “Okay.” 
 “Be careful.” 
Sam held up his pinky finger. A gesture he had recently learned originally came from primates. “I will. I swear. I’ll be back as soon as I can.” 
Gall held up his smaller finger in answer.  “Remember, listen to everything around you. We’ll need to know everything we can.” 
Sam nodded and walked quickly back toward the elephants and big cats at the front of the park. Every animal he passed seemed alert and anxious. A pair of parrot on their perches squawked. Howlers called out, billowing their massive throats again and again. Even though the storm had passed and the sun had begun to dry up the puddles, the odd electrically charged feeling remained. Now Sam could even smell the excitement—a sweet and bitter aroma. It was both strangely appealing and intensely revolting at the same time. He knew what it was. It was primal fear. 
Sam prayed King Titus would explain it all to him. 
He did not stop at the stodgy old camels’ pen or the swamp deer’s forest, nor did he pause to say hello to his favorite friends, Samson and Lily, the Asian elephants. Instead, he waved and hurried by. The big cats, apart from the South American jaguars and ocelots, were housed behind the pachyderms, in separate verdant valleys carved between the artificial rock partitions. 
As he passed the lionesses, one called out to him, which was unusual for they did not trust any humans, even ones who spoke their language. Sam did not answer. He kept moving until he reached Titus’ valley. 
A few of the animals at the zoo occasionally gave Sam pause. Sometimes Gall’s intensity darkened by profound heartache troubled him. Likewise he felt the elephant’s unhappiness at not being allowed to reproduce while the rest of the zoo raised their young all around them. Sometimes he feared the cruel conceit of the lionesses or the haughty emerald boa, but what he felt in Titus’ presence trumped all other emotions. 
Titus was a rare white Bengal. He was more than the zoo’s animal leader. He possessed a power, a thing that all other animals deferred to, dreamed of, cringed before, yet needed more than the food and water or the air they breathed. Titus was the closest thing to a god the animal world had. As their king, he embodied the very spirit that glued the animals—from the tiniest fire ant to the Komodo dragon—together. Their king kept them all in their places and gave their existence purpose. 
Since, unlike humans, animals do not have religions but are bound together by a natural sense of order and continuity. They live in the now, in a natural world that can be smelled, tasted, heard, seen, and sensed, according to their breed’s specific adaptations. Animals only trust what they have witnessed, what they know to be reality. They see the sky turn ominously dark and understand a storm will soon follow. They wake up and there is either food before them or not. If not, then they must either hunt for it, or, in the case of captivity, wait for it to be served. 
The only thing animals know for certain, with the exception of a few potentially devastating possibilities, is what they have witnessed and learned through experience. They sense the vague feeling of an approaching danger, an all-consuming fire, flood, or an alpha male and take appropriate actions to ensure their survival. 
But they also feel a disturbance in the Balance of Power. 
In place of a higher being or spirit, animals believe in an all encompassing harmony. One ripple in the peaceful pond and the ensuing repercussions are felt up and down the chain. In a closed environment—like a farm or a sanctuary—maintaining this balance is of the utmost importance. 
Suns rise and fall, seasons change, and animals live according to their species’ blue prints. The young are born, and if they are lucky, they reach adulthood however long that may be. The mayfly gets a day, the giant tortoise, a century. Animals pass through the cycle of life, and then in the blink of any eye, they are gone, like all their ancestors before them. 
In zoos, this cycle is precisely controlled and manipulated, but still the basic idea remains the same, which is today why Samson and Lilly, and other pairs of animals not permitted to have offspring, live in a suspended, unfulfilled state of existence. They might not completely understand the haunting urge to breed, only that they are missing something vitally important in their lives. Their playbook has been cut short, so they cannot fully complete their genetically encoded cycle. 
Sam learned about the power of Balance from a hundred afternoons spent at the zoo. The boy with his gift had, in turn, become another small weight to be used on the captive community’s sensitive scale. 
Now, as he approached the most powerful animal leader, the being that occupied the very highest pinnacle of the pyramid, Sam frowned. He saw that he would have to be patience. There were other humans there at Titus’s railing, gawking at the old tiger. 
Considering the average Bengal tiger’s sense of hearing is six times stronger than a human’s, Sam knew Titus had been waiting for him. He had smelled the boy’s advance from half the zoo away. After a few more minutes, two girls and their mother, who was pushing an infant in a fancy aerodynamic stroller, moved on. Titus had done nothing to engage the zoo’s visitors. 
 “Pet.” 
 “Titus. You look…you look terrible,” Sam said, unable to mask his concern for the old king. 
Sam revered the beast as an awed child might look upon a visiting president on tour of the United States. He usually found himself tongue-tied and dumbfounded before the mighty Titus, but today, the day after the severe rain, Sam was too scared for the king to worry about his behavior. 
 “I am dying,” Titus said, resignedly. “I only have a few days left.” 
The boy’s eyes stung as he watched the tiger half drag himself stiffly to the watery edge of his domain. He turned away, tears forming faster than he had ever thought possible. 
How could it be? Titus was king. How could he die?
Even as they words filled his mind, Sam knew the great king spoke the truth. Titus did not have long. The white tiger was at least 20 years old. He had already lived a few years longer than most great cats did in the wild. Hadn’t Sam known something had been wrong for weeks? He had not wanted to admit it, but if he was honest with himself, the news was not a total surprise. Secretly, wasn’t this fact the reason he had been avoiding the big cat domain lately?
 “Look at me, Pet. Face me.” 
The boy did as he was told. 
 “I’ll not last out the week. I feel my heart’s slowing. My head hurts from an ache that has been throbbing for many sleeps. But I must be sure everything is taken care of before I go.” 
Sam wanted to say something but could not trust himself to speak. 
 “I need your help.” 
Sam nodded again, this time with much more vigor. 
Titus smiled weakly. The thick lips of the Bengal’s great muzzle trembled as he inhaled. 
 “In the wild, I would go around myself. I would visit my subjects. Take the time to thank them each for their allegiance. I would do my best to leave things… tidy…then I would select the next king to make sure he has all he needs to be a fair and just ruler.” 
The tiger took a deep breath. He closed his eyes, resting for a moment. 
 “But, as you know, I cannot. So I need your help. I cannot rely on inferiors—the birds and insects—they are of such little minds, I cannot trust them to carry out my plan.” 
 “Sir,” Sam interrupted, “what about the rabbits? Or the squirrels?”
Titus shook his head. “Please listen to me. I know Gall asked you to come check on me. But there isn’t much time. Pet, tell me about the state of affairs beside me. How do the cubs fair? I haven’t been able to see them for so long. The human think the cubs disturb me. Preposterous. You must tell me everything you can.” 
Sam and Titus discussed the two male cubs living in the enclosure beside the king for felt like a small dreamlike eternity to the boy. Unlike their father who was born of a rare white pelage, the young tigers were orange Bengals, descendants of the magnificent cats that stalked the elephant grass and deep jungles of old Burma. 
Titus needed to make sure his choice was correct. His last duty, owed to all the animals that bowed to him and his presence, though hidden for most of their lives, was to leave a worthy ruler in his place. 
Before Sam knew it, the chimes were ringing. Closing time. Then, as though by magic, Charlie was beside him shaking his nearly bald head. 
 “Well, would you look at that? That old guy actually looks like he’s listening to you, Sam.” 
The boy stared down at his sneakers. His cheeks felt flush. 
 “I just don’t get it. What is it about you that makes the animals respond the way they do? Be damned if I know. But every evening, when I come looking for you, there you are, standing in front of some furry creature. It’s like you’re really talking to them.” 
The old man pulled out his old silver watch and checked the time. He shook his head slowly. “But the strangest thing about it all, I’d swear on my life—they’re talking back.” 


Chapter Five
A Dying King


Dr. Phineas Gaston was an exceptionally learned man who had an instinctive, patient way with animals. 
When one was ill or distressed, Dr. Gaston was always in the infirmary, helping to sooth and administer the best remedies. He had become a vet straight out of high school but had given up his successful private practice to work exclusively for the zoo thirty years earlier. 
The slightly hunched, brushy gray-haired man resembled a type of smaller bear, or maybe a badger, though his face was flat and large, his eyes magnified by massive, soda bottle spectacles. He slumped and slightly rolled when he walked and lurched to get up out of a chair, but his smooth voice was always strong and calm, even in an emergency. 
His six grandchildren adored him and considered him one of the zoo’s best attractions. On Sundays after church, they stopped at his office on their way to visit the elephants or the carousel. The older children brought him artwork and glowing report cards while the younger grandchildren vied for spots on his knees, tugging at his downy beard. He tickled the little monkeys and gave them mints. The monkey children squealed and pulled at his funny, mushroom-shape dears and made him promised to take them behind the scenes to view the new rhino calf and the tiger cubs. 
 “We won’t visit the tigers today, my little doves. The white tiger mustn’t be disturbed. I’m worried about him. He and I’ve spent a long time together.”  Rising, Dr. Gaston clapped his hands together, “But let’s go right now and see Valentine. Oh, he’s a cutie. You’ll all fall in love with him. Let’s see, how old is he now—”
Sam did actually work at the zoo. Every Sunday he volunteered his services to both the zookeepers and the animals. A year earlier, Charlie had noticed Sam visited the park after school and every weekend, rain or shine. The wise old ticket-taker arranged a meeting between Dr. Gaston and Sam, reasoning that if the boy was going to come to the zoo anyway, he might as well be useful. Let him be a floater, help out whenever they needed an extra set of hands. Certainly, the boy knew enough about the zoo’s denizens. Dr. Gaston recognized the boy’s devotion a few minutes into their meeting. The shy, furry-headed boy did seem to know an awful lot about the animals, their personal preferences and anxieties, and he certainly understood Sam’s fervor for animals. The director was sure that with training and encouragement, the boy would grow up to be a successful zoologist or maybe the country’s best park director ever. 
The doctor gave Sam a free membership and a standing invitation to all the institute’s special events. He was even given a proper uniform that bore his name underneath the patch of Titus. 
In return for free run of the park, Sam volunteered one day a week, usually on Sundays, helping out wherever the park was most understaffed. Most of the time, the boy was assigned to the petting zoo, with the goats and sheep, where he often spent a good chunk of time scratching the particularly vexing spot on the potbelly pig’s back. 
That Sunday, Dr. Gaston with his entire troop of his grandchildren in tow, invited Sam to join them on their visit to the baby rhino. The mild, clear, day held the first sweet inkling of the impending spring. The tiniest of buds, tulip magnolias and the last of the camellias, were just beginning to unfurl their petals. 
But Sam did not notice. He longed to continue his conversation of the night before with Titus. There were still things he knew the old Bengal wanted to discuss, and Sam also needed to be over at the cubs’ enclosure, observing the two young tigers at play. Titus wanted to hear everything about the two half-brothers in order to make his decision. 
Dr. Gaston sensed the boy’s distraction. “Sam? You all right?”
The boy nodded. 
 “Grandpa, why’s that boy so weird?” the tallest granddaughter said, folding her arms across her chest. 
 “Yeah, why?” her brother said, whistling through the wide gap in his front teeth. 
“His hair’s weird, too.” 
 “Hey, he just squeaked at a chipmunk,” said a second boy wearing a florescent orange Sponge Bob Square pants t-shirt. 
 “Didn’t you see him?”
 “Oh, you’re such a liar,” his sister said. 
 “He did, too. I swear it. Didn’t you?”
Sam turned away before his flaming hot cheeks could melt off his face. 
Dr. Gaston frowned. “Now, now. Sam’s a super kid. And he knows a thing or two about animals.” 
Sam blushed but the director failed to notice. “You were here when this little guy come into the world, weren’t you, Sam?”
The boy nodded. What he would give to have chameleon powers, be able to blend into the flora right about then. 
Something landed on his sneaker. A peeved cricket who had a bone to pick with the zoo’s new electric bug zappers was desperately seeking his attention. 
Dr. Gaston looked at his brood. Like kittens soon forgetting the unfortunately beetle they were torturing, the grandchildren had already turned their interest to baby Valentine. 
Dr. Gaston shook his head. Sam read it as a sign and slipped away. 

On the other side of the zoo, the young tiger cubs were just finishing their mid-morning snack. They took their time with their meals, lounging under their mothers’ loving eyes. When they picked up Sam’s scent on the breeze, the pair jumped up and ran to the beach to greet him. 
 “Hello, guys,” Sam shouted, happy to have the lookout railing to himself. He liked getting into the zoo before the official opening on Sundays. 
 “Pet!” the cubs purred in unison. 
 “Hi, Ming. Hi, Greta.” 
The mothers welcomed him excitedly. Both tigresses felt confident their cub would be the future king. Then the other must be subservient. Understandably, both Ming and Greta believed their own son should be the rightful heir. Under different circumstances, the tigresses might even fight to the death in order to secure their offspring’s succession to the throne. 
Instead, Ming and Greta, through the careful, diplomatic maneuvering of Titus, had agreed on a satisfactory arrangement. It was not up to them, it was up to the king, for only he knew how to best preserve and ensure the zoo’s peace and tranquility. 
Above all else, Balance must be maintained for the stability of the entire park, so the better suited cub must be the rightful heir, and only the king could rightfully judge who that should be. 
Ming lifted her graceful black and orange striped body. Her belly and hips swayed as she padded closer to the boy at the railing. The casual observer might have thought her the laziest, most relaxed cat in the world, but Sam knew she was anxious. The very tip of her tail twitched, and now and then she flinched her paws. 
 “How is he?” Ming growled. 
Big cats can only speak in two manners—they either growl or purr, but the manner does not always imply one emotion or the other. A lion or tiger might growl a cheerful salutation, then turn around to warn pesky neighbors with a low, gravely purr. Long ago, Sam had learned not to let the style of their conversation offend him. 
 “Not well. I’m worried. Titus knows he’s dying.” 
 “Of course he does. Everyone who’s honest with themselves knows when their time’s up,” Ming said, noiselessly pacing along the edge of the cement beach. 
 “How long do you give him?” Greta asked, joining her sister on the false shoreline. 
 “A few days maybe, but I don’t know. I’ve never seen an old tiger- or other animal die of old age. I’m not sure I’d know the signs.” 
 “He’ll let you know. What has he asked you to do?”
 “I’m supposed to observe the cubs. Then report back to him. He’s mad at the human from separating him from his streak. He wishes he could be in there himself.” 
 “We do, too.” 
 “I’m going ask the director if he can see them one more time. So he can pass on the crown.” 
Sam did not know if there was really a crown, but he could not rule out the possibility. The animal kingdom constantly surprised him. He was very interested in seeing what the handover would look like and curious to see if it would have any of mankind’s pomp and circumstance. The boy knew Titus wanted to say goodbye to Ming and Greta as well. 
 “We would like to see him, too. Titus has been a wise and noble king. We’d like to pay our respects. It won’t be the same here without him,” Ming said. 
 “Are we going to see father soon?” one of the cubs, Erato, asked from under his chunkier brother. 
 “I hope so, my darling,” Greta said, exchanging a brief, worried look with her sister. “We truly hope so.” 

Titus took a deep breath. As the oxygen rushed into his lungs and spread out slowly to the tips of his great toes, his magnificent ears and along the thick cable of his heavy tail, he trembled in pain. He had told no one of the sharp pains racing down his legs. He must hold out until morning. Titus needed to see his cubs one last time. 
Before he fell into a deep sleep, he envisioned Erato and Dryades tussling in the straw bedding. 
 “Catch me if you can, slow poke,” Dryades called to his brother in Titus’ dream. 
Erato, barely half the size of his brother, ducked nimbly behind the cluster of tall, dry grass. Dryades called again, but the other does not answer. Titus and the tigresses smiled knowingly at one another. 
Just as Dryades was about to poke his head into the dense thicket, Erato sprung, landing with a thud on his back. 
 “Super Cub to the rescue. Oh, yeah! Taking down the bad guys, one at a time.” 
The twisting ball of fur rolled about in the dirt clearing. Erato’s ebullience faded too quickly. Dryades effortlessly flipped his brother, pinning him down in a mushy puddle. 
 “You think you’re pretty tricky, do you, Rat-o?”
 “Whoa! Watch the fur. This is 100 percent real, royal tiger.” 
 “Oh, really?”
 “Ouch. Hey, watch it! A superb pelt like this doesn’t just grow on the bamboo. No need to be so rough.” 
 “Oh? I’m being too rough for you? Maybe it’s cause you’re kinda measly.”  Dryades swiped his right front paw over his brother’s face. Erato caught it in his mouth and growled but the sound was barely more menacing than a bumblebee’s buzz. 
The larger cub snickered, “Oooh, stop! You’re scaring me.” 
Erato spat out the paw. "Dry-dry, Don’t you wish you had as many stripes as me?”
 “What! I have twice as many, pip-squeak!” Dryades lashed out. 
 “Watch it,” Erato barked. "You really don’t want to see me get mad.”  He was only barely able to keep his brother’s sharp white fangs from his throat. 
Ming and Greta laughed. Titus had been too overwhelmed by his sons to make any sound at all. 
 “Oh, really? You think I’d mind a little royal fur in my mouth?”
With that the cubs tussled off together down the embankment, splashing into the brackish moat water. 
A dozen similarly happy memories accompanied Titus as sleep blanketed his mind. He purred briefly and then his lips spread into a wide, contented smile. 


Chapter Six
The Lionesses’ Plot


On the other side of Titus’ valley, other great cats also pondered the next monarch. Three lionesses purred in hushed tones behind a leafy bamboo screen. On the far side of their ample enclosure, beside a small, cement drinking pool, Leon, a young juvenile lion, lounged in a rectangular patch of sunlight. 
From time to time, the lionesses stole glances at Leon, appraising their young candidate. They staunchly believed a lion should rule as the zoo’s king. Finally, it was time to reclaim the throne. After all, their cub was also of royal blood, offspring of the zoo’s previous king, Cesar—the decrepit male lion who still eked out a meager existence in a remote cage. 
The cub’s mother, Velvet, pulled herself up to her tallest height. "Fate will smile on us. I do believe our time has finally come.” 
Another lioness, named Canyon, nodded in agreement. "Long live the rightful heir, grandson of Cesar, greatest king who was so wickedly and wrongfully deposed.” 
 “Debts will be settled when Leon ascends to the throne. It’s our divine right,” Duchess purred. She noticed a baby anole lizard creeping along the wall. She should get the cub to chase it. Certainly the lazy cub could stand the practice. 
 “But we must take heed. There can be no room for blunders between the crouch and the pounce,” Canyon cautioned. 
 “Yes, and if what I hear is true,” Velvet purred, “we’ll get all that we desire. We’ll have a master key soon. Then no one will be able to stop us.” 
Canyon flicked her golden tail. “And then, friends, the Balance of Power will be ours.” 

Eighteen years earlier, a lion had been king of the zoo. Cesar had been a mighty beast, with smooth, taunt muscles and glistening fangs sharp as ivory spear tips. When he wasn’t napping behind a boulder, the lion king had restlessly paced his small dominion with a snarl on his lips. Nothing gave him greater pleasure than menacing his awestruck visitors. The cement beach of old cage still bore the deep gashes his claws made when he spun around. Most of the plants in his enclosure, the bamboo clumps and shrubbery, had been replaced every few months. Cesar had shredded and felled every one of his trees. No toys, beach balls, nor tires ever survived more than a few hours. 
When Cesar roared, everyone from the river to St. Charles Avenue had heard his rage. His howls reverberated throughout the park, bouncing off buildings, cars, and people. His anguish tore across the bank of the Mississippi River and then hauntingly echoed back. Even the furthest flamingo feared the primal roar of the imprisoned monarch. Keepers and visitors alike shivered when Cesar howled. Infants cried and young kids ducked behind the safety of their parents’ legs. 
Cesar had been sleek, mean, and ruthless. But he had been unlucky and perpetually sick. After fathering a single litter of cubs, he fell ill. None of treatments or remedies could cure him. In the end, all six of the zoo’s vets agreed. Cesar needed an operation. Without it, he would surely die. A few nights later, his keepers darted him. They brought his unconscious body to the zoo’s infirmary. Within an hour the mighty beast had been changed forever. To remove the spreading cancer, they had had to alter him. He would never again sire offspring. His monarchy was over. 
Cesar returned to his cage, an empty pelt of his former glory. The only growl he made rumbled from his belly. His sensitive indigestion system would plagued him the rest of his days. Within hours of the operation, word spread through the zoo. The king was gone, for a monarch, above all, must be healthy and virile. 
After his operation, Cesar was neither. In his stead, Titus, an introspective rare white tiger who had never before presumed anything other than living out a quiet, peaceful life among his mates, became king. He accepted the post whole-heartedly. The zoo’s Balance was immediately reinstated, and the park began to flourish. Only the lionesses felt that justice had not been served. 
They refused to forget their past dishonor. Titus was a magnificent king. Within days, Cesar’s reign was forgotten. The animal himself hardly existed. He did not roar or pace about tearing up the sparse grass of his cage. He did not stand up on his back legs to paw and stiff at the enticing aroma that wafted from the lionesses’ enclosure next door. Never again did he roar and slash. 
Even later, years after his recuperation, the lion remained aloof and a bit befuddled. He passed most of his day in the shadows of his faux boulders, rising only to drink or stretch. Cesar had become so tranquil, most zoo visitors assumed his enclosure was empty and passed on with no more than a glance. The lion, once the proud king of the zoo, had become a marginal attraction. He was a mouth to feed, a little more than a nanny goat roommate for any wayward cat. One keeper even wagered they could safely stick a swamp deer in with the altered lion, although no one was ever willing to actually try the experiment. 
A year before his operation, the lion’s only surviving son, Maximilian, had been sent to the Memphis Zoo where he would father many healthy cubs himself. For fourteen years the zoo went along with just Cesar and the three lionesses. There was no need to seek another possible troublemaker. The white Bengal next door was a considerable tourist draw and much easier to take care of. No one thought much about another male lion until the director of the Memphis zoo proposed a match between Velvet and Maximilian. A hundred and eleven days later, Cesar’s grandson, Leon was born. 

Sam stayed near the tiger clubs for most of the day. At lunch he covered for Cassandra at the petting zoo, but didn’t mind. He enjoyed the Nubian goats and usually found the barnyard conversation lively. Recently the zoo had been given two new pigs, a bristly piglet named Dodger and cheery, red-skinned sow named Apple who had a limitless repertoire of off-colored jokes that required a husky Irish brogue and always featured a human sad sap. 
He had just about finished raking the smaller corral when an impish girl wearing a bedazzled sweater and her mother arrived. The girl thought it especially hilarious to chase Sybil, the smallest pygmy goat, around the yard. An aggressive goat named Nigel joined in the fun. 
When the girl cornered Sybil, Nigel snuck up and bit into the shiny velour fabric. He yanked. The girl fell backwards on her rump in miffed astonishment. Nigel tore off a swatch of the skirt and quickly gobbled it down. The girl screamed. 
Sam dropped his rake and shovel. 
 “Oh, how divine,” the goat bleated. “Flo, Short Stack, Come ‘ere! This is delicious. You guys gotta try this.” 
 “Nigel! No!”
As the goat ducked down for another mouthful, the furious mother charged. She whacked him on the head with her heavy, metallic handbag. Nigel paused mid chew, too stunned to move. 
Before the mother could strike again, Sam jumped between them. It was painfully clear who he was protecting. 
 “Oh, my gawd! Mamma, look what he did,” the girl hollered, scooting backwards like a giant land crab. 
 “Get out of the way!” Mamma screamed. Her face was as large and red as a stop sign. 
 “Ma’am. Please.” 
The corral’s sheep, pigs and other goats had ambled over to the excitement. Sam heard a few lay odds and place bets. 
 “Fight. Fight. Fight,” rose the eager chant from the miniature barnyard. 
The mother swatted at the red-skinned piglet and a sheep with opaque cataracts named Gus. 
 “Remove that beast this instant! I demand you chain up that thing up.” 
 “Please, ma’am. Please do not hit him again.” 
 “Oh? Well? Whose side are you on, boy?” The mother glared, her bag still raised at the ready. 
For a split second moment Sam cringed in anticipation of his own thumping. 
 “Well? Are you a boy or a beast?”
Good question, thought Sam. 


Chapter Seven
Choosing a Successor


Titus looked much weaker and his breathing was shallow and labored later that evening. The tiger did not get up when Sam arrived but stayed flat on his side in the dirt circle. 
 “Never mind about me, Pet. I won’t waste my strength. How. . . are…the cubs?”
Sam described everything he had observed. He told Titus how the older, heavier cub pinned his brother down until the younger tiger finally submitted. Dryades, fought well and did not often lose his breath, but he was hot tempered and occasionally lashed out blindly when cornered. 
Erato, the more compact cub with his father’s same, startling blue eyes, could not yet defend himself from his brother’s ferocity. Still, when the keepers came to deliver a meal of meat and dry kibble, Erato had diverted his sibling’s attention and slipped into to snatch the choice tidbits. 
The old king’s laugh collapsed into a terrible cough. “Yes, that sounds about right.” 
Before Titus fell sick, the cubs had passed many hours playing about their father. He had been their playground. They had charged and pounced on him, tumbled and tripped over his thick paws. The cubs loved to sneak up and pull their father’s tail. Afterwards, when the exhausted cub snapped, Titus would nuzzle them and clean their ears with his enormous, spongy pink tongue. 
Then one chilly morning, Erato pounced but the king had not moved. Ming and Greta began howling, desperately calling for help. Within minutes keepers had him in the infirmary where he rested for a week. Eventually, the white tiger was moved into the lions’ second valley, displacing old Cesar once again. 
The lonely weeks passed slowly for Titus. He missed the rambunctious energy of his cubs and company of his mates. He had never liked isolation. No animal should be sequestered for his last few days. 
Most importantly, he needed to choose the next king. The uprights had separated him from the streak at the worst possible time. 
Titus had to make do with Sam’s help. He had to decide who was to lead the zoo. It was not a selection he relished making for he adored and believed in both his cubs. Titus had been proud when big, sturdy Dryades had been born one rainy, late summer evening. Then, Erato arrived during the cooler months, with a weak mirror image twin, too sickly to survive. 
 “Tell me, Pet, who do you favor- the bold or the brainy? Who do you see as the better leader, years down the road?”
 “I’m not sure I’m qualified to answer that, Sir.” 
 “Stuff and nonsense,” Titus snorted. “You won’t offend me.” 
 “Well, to me, they would both make good kings. In their own ways.” 
The white tiger blinked and nodded laboriously. Then he heaved himself up into a nearly regal stance by leaning against the weathered grey pole of his shade structure. "Who would your heart pick? I’d be grateful to hear another’s opinion.” 
 “Sir, I don’t-”
 “Don’t worry, Pet. I believe I’ve made my selection. But it will be you and the rest who must live with my choice.” 
 “Well, sir, I like both cubs very much. Dryades seems very strong and agile for his age. In the wild, he would be easily able to defend his pride from most dangers. But I think I would have to pick Erato. If you take into account the circumstances. It’s not really brute force you need to rule in a zoo, but intelligence and cunning.” 
 “Yes,” The old tiger agreed. “In here the human will always have the upper hand. A true king must not allow his captors to bruise his soul. He cannot allow the keepers to undermine his supremacy or make him appear weak. You’re very wise for you age. And species, Pet. Surely the balance will be safe as long as you’re here. You must help my sons. There is a reason you were born understanding both languages.” He paused for a minute. “They’re young. Neither will be able to rule on their own for several more years. I wish I could help raise them myself but it is not to be. There are good animals here, some wise ones who will help guide until my son can claim his throne. It’s a difficult decision to pick one cub over another but there is a silver lining. If something happens to my first pick, his brother can take up the crown.” 
The speech drained Titus. The beast sighed and slumped down onto his side. 
Sam’s knuckles whitened on the railing. He leaned forward anxiously until he could detect the faintest, rise and fall of the beast’s ribcage. The boy fought back tears but it was hopeless. 
Titus growled out his words between labored panting,
 “Do you think Gaston will let me see my cubs again?”
 “I don’t know, Sir. I’ll go by his office tonight. I’ll ask him. He might trust my instinct. Everyone’s so worried about you.” 
 “Tell them I die tomorrow. In the afternoon. I know I have exactly that many more breathes left, energy for that much but no more. Tell them, Pet.” 
Sam nodded. 
Just then the late afternoon sun passed behind a cloudland a dull grayness washed over the proud tiger’s fur. Titus allowed his head to collapse into the dirt. The tiger closed his eyes and growled a final time. 
 “Go, Pet. I don’t want you to remember me like this.” 


Chapter Eight
The Appeal


After leaving Titus, Sam walked along the back fence of the park to the main administrative building. He climbed the stairs noiselessly and slipped down the hall. He paused briefly to collect his thoughts before knocking on Dr. Gaston’s half opened door. 
A single desk lamp lit the director’s den. The pungent breeze that swept up a thousand scents from the park blew in through the room’s opened windows. Sam could smell muddy water and exhaust fumes from the tugboats on the rivers, oyster shells, and the sweet tar of a newly patched road. The distance river aromas blended with the park’s odors of all the food that had been made and eaten at the zoo that day- popcorn and cotton candy, artificial cheese, nacho chips, beer, and wads of chewing gum that, like tiny, abandoned hornet nests, had been stuck up under the metal tables. 
Even inside the building, the gumbo of animal scents was overpowering. Sam tried identifying each of the ingredients that blended together to make the zoo’s unique aroma. He smelled timothy hay and fruit, kibble, fur, mane, scales, feathers, piddle and camel spit. There was the dry dirt that packed the zebra hooves and the tidbits of leftover grizzle caught between the alligators’ teeth. He knew what the goo inside the shell of a newly hatched chicken smelled like just as he knew rabbit droppings, a ruby-red pig’s sneeze and the goat’s muddy trough. Sam’s stomach churned with the rich, fetid mammalian stew. 
The zoo director glanced up from his computer screen. 
 “Bless you,” he said, distractedly. The boy had only coughed. 
 “Dr. Gaston, may I come in?”
 “Of course, my boy. How was your day? You were with the goats and sheep, I believe?”
Sam nodded. Why the director was mumbling? Then his ears popped and the ringing faded. “They’re all fine, Sir.” 
 “No nipping at the visitors’ skirts then? No chewing on pigtails, real or human?”
Sam’s eyes widened as he wondered how the director could have heard about the rude, little girl. Luckily, Dr. Gaston’s kind smile reassured him. The question had only been a lighthearted pleasantry. 
 “No, Sir.” 
 “Nice to have a break from the rain, isn’t it? You have something on your mind?”
 “Yes, sir. I wanted to talk to you about the white tiger.” 
Dr. Gaston sat up, dropping his pen. Clearly, the director knew something about the situation already. “Yes?”
 “He’s not going to live much longer.”  The boy had thought out a better speech, but the words got caught in his throat, stumbling against his teeth. 
 “What? Titus is dying? Did Dr. Goldring tell you-”
Sam shook his head. “Sir, I can’t tell you how I know, but tomorrow…Tomorrow’ll be his last day. He hasn’t much strength left. He won’t last past the evening.” 
 “How. . . How can you possibly know he will pass away tomorrow?”
 “I can’t explain it, sir, but there’s something he’d like before he goes. The Kin- I think the tiger wants to see his cubs one last time.” 
Dr. Gaston’s bushy gray eyebrows leapt half way up his forehead. 
 “Sir, he needs to see them. I know this to be true. Deep in my heart.” 
On any other occasion, the director would not have taken the curious advice of a nine-year old when dealing with the zoo’s white tiger, the park’s crown jewel. That evening, however, something about the boy’s sincerity captured the director’s attention. Sam’s eyes shone with a deep, passionate understanding of the animal world, special knowledge that Dr. Gaston could recognize but never fully comprehend. “Okay, then. In morning,” the bewildered old man said, staring out the window. “I’ll have them brought to him first thing in the morning.” 


Chapter Nine
Terrible Power


Grimm, the squirrel, spent an entire day staring at the key. He had not been the one to find it, his rocks-for-brains brother had, but no matter. It was his now. His brother could not even begin to grasp the tremendous significance of the find. 
Grimm needed time to ponder his next step. He was tired of being a nothing, an inferior. Squirrels, rabbits, rats, and most of the birds were considered the peons of the zoo. But why should they be? After all, without the freebies, the imprisoned could not pass information. Without messengers, how would the mighty beasts communicate?
Just the other day, his own kind had spread the word about the king’s illness. Why, hadn’t Gall the Great and the rest of the monkeys been plenty surprised to learn of Titus’s terrible condition? Without them, maybe no one would even know who the next king was to be. 
It seemed to Grimm that if anyone should be considered higher up on the chain, it should the squirrels. Forget the rabbits. All they were good for was keeping the grass down. Rat were filthy and the birds? Well, they competed for nuts and crumbs, so he had no great love for feathered things either. Grimm knew the key could severely alter the balance of power at the park. With a master key, he could unlock any door. He held more control than Titus or any future king could dream of. If he wanted, Grimm could scamper into Jaguar Jungle and slip the golden metal object into the narrow mouth of the glass cage’s lock and free the slinky, black cat. It would be as simple as tucking a pilfered popcorn kernel down through the slot of his home oak. 
What mayhem Grimm could inflict. Hadn’t the black cat named Nero always longed to taste warm blood, to hunt and kill something for himself? As a child, freebies are warned early to never stray into certain enclosures. To do so would be to forfeit one’s life. 
What if Grimm let Nero out at night? The jaguar could wreak havoc for hours undetected. Grimm could make up a list of bothersome animals for his assassin to menace and then eliminate. By day, the jaguar might even wound a human. Then the balance might shift even further, animals ruling humans, even if only for a brief, terrible spell. 
By the following morning, Grimm’s small brain had begun to pulsate. He was unaccustomed to thinking and plotting so deeply and by highest sun he was had a vicious headache. Each time the small zoo train passed by, blowing its shrill whistle, Grimm suffered a small seizure. It did not help that his dumb my brother and tubby third cousin once removed, kept poking their heads in his home, inquiring after “their” plan. 
The only thing Grimm knew for certain was that he must give the key to an animal he could trust. If the Balance was to be so thoroughly overhauled, Grimm needed to be certain his interests were looked after. Squirrels would finally get the respect they so deserved. Especially him. 
Just after nightfall, the obsessed squirrel finally managed to pry his eyes away from his treasure. Grimm and his cohorts began brainstorming. 
 “Okay, we need a plan. Once the key leaves our possession, we lose our leverage. So, before we give it away, we must be certain our demands are met.” 
 “I want to a personal servant. Someone to boss around,” Dunk, Grimm’s dim-witted brother, chirped. 
 “Right on. And I want a super fast bird to be my personal transport system,” Bauble said. 
 “It’d have to be a humongous one to be able to fly you about,” Dunk said, giggling. “You’re so fat. In the warm months when you’re hot, you look like six hotdogs tied together over one those grill thing-ama-giggies.” 
 “So? Who cares? I’m a squirrel. Just means I’m very successful at what I do. I’m gonna have my servant bring me buckets of nuts and berries.” 
 “Oh, yeah. And Raisinettes from the playground. And gum from under the tables. I love gum.” 
 “Moron! The zoo doesn’t sell Raisinettes.” 
 “Enough!” Grimm bleated. They weren’t thinking big enough. How could he work with these idiots? What a curse it was to have such a brain and such numbskull cohorts. 
 “We can have all of that. But first, we need to make sure we align ourselves with the right imprisoned. Let’s think. Who that should be? Anyone?”
 “Gall?” Dunk said. 
 “No. I wouldn’t trust him to uphold our side of the bargain. He’s too righteous. And moody,” Grimm said. 
 “Samson? He’s the biggest. He’s so big, I can’t even see all of him at once,” Baubble said. 
Grimm spat. “Those big, gray dolts actually like being caged. Simpletons.” 
 “How ‘bout Lecher?” Dunk said. 
Bauble cringed. Grimm nodded wickedly. No one, not one person or animal in the zoo, liked Lecher, the cutthroat leader of the African wild dogs. He was a self-serving, malicious, and petty Hyena. He attacked indiscriminately simply for sport. On several occasions, Lecher even wounded his own flesh and blood. Last year, the human had had to put down a juvenile hyena that had made a play for Lecher’s primary mate. The fight had been gory. The hyena leader had nearly ripped out the younger dog’s windpipe. The human certainly would have destroyed Lecher if they had known exactly who the attacker had been. 
 “Maybe. We’ll keep him in mind. What about Nero and Shiva?”
 “But they’re savages,” Bauble said, proud of his word choice. 
 “Yeah, total meanies,” Dunk said. 


Chapter Ten
Adieu, Titus

On Monday, Sam endured his longest day at school ever. He could not eat his mother’s homemade strawberry muffin at snack time. At lunch, he only twirled his spaghetti. Just as he was about to join a game of wall ball during recess, his stomach lurched, and he tasted vomit in the back of his throat. He doubled over in a crouch and hugged his knees for a few minutes. 
When he felt his eyes water, he sought refuge between the least popular stacks of books in the library. The king was dying, and there was nothing he could do about it. Sam thought about the zoo and the tigers nonstop since leaving the night before. How would the cubs receive the news? He prayed Dr. Gaston had listened to him and allowed them to see their father a last time, and he lamented missing the coronation of a new monarch. The animal world was so intriguing. Sam had hoped to make it to the zoo in time to witness the historic event, one that might not take place again for fifteen or twenty years. 
The night before, he had returned home extremely sad. Kindlie had made him a banana split with three different kinds of ice cream, but it had done little to lift his spirits. Sam loved Titus. It had been the mighty king who helped him four years earlier when no other animal would talk to him. For the most part, animals are instinctively weary of children; their quick movements and unpredictable behavior can confuse even the calmest beast. So when Sam had realized the implications of his special gift and had rushed to try it out, the animals had scrambled in fear. 
Sam had approached a happy-go-lucky giraffe named Les first, shouting upwards at the unsuspecting victim after his mother had left him alone for a minute to visit the ladies’ room. Les had nearly had a heart attack and sprinted away on shaky legs to cower in the furthest corner of the enclosure. 
Next, Sam had queried a gibbon monkey. The spooked creature had dropped from his branch like a cartoon anvil, splintering a tiny rib on a plastic boulder. The keepers had been baffled. No one had ever heard of a healthy monkey falling out of a tree for no apparent reason before. 
For those first few visits, whenever he could somehow give his mother the slip, Sam only succeeded in terrifying the animals he approached. Word spread quickly that a small human with porcupine head-fur could speak their language. For almost two weeks, the animals, even the free ranging peacocks, rabbits and squirrels, had hidden from Sam. His initial visits were futile and disconcerting. A zoo can be a very lonely place if all the animals hide. 
Eventually, Sam tried the elephants, rationalizing that the enormous beasts could not possibly be frightened of one small boy. Also, they could not scurry for cover, as their night enclosures were roped off during the day. Samson, the larger, older male had been surprised, but said exactly what he had been prepped to say. 
 “Go see Titus. We’re not permitted to talk to you until you’ve spoken to Titus first.” 
Seeing the boy’s infectious grin, Samson had smiled back. 
 “Who’s Titus?” Sam asked. 
 “Our king,” Samson said, astonished the boy was so ignorant. 
 “The white tiger.” 
He had run to Titus directly. Immediately, the wise cat’s demeanor awed and enchanted him. Of course the white tiger was king, there could never again be any question. 
With Titus’ help, the rest of the animals eventually accepted the curious little boy. Once Titus had reassured them that Sam could be trusted, he made friends among the animals fairly quickly. Some animals were more eager to talk, and a great swapping of cultures took place. 
Sam’s education had suddenly sharply diversified. In the morning, at school, he studied human things. His afternoons were now spent learning about animals. 

When Sam arrived at the zoo that afternoon, he read Charlie’s expression. Titus was gone. Everyone, from Miss Martha and her ladies in the concession booth to the mulch-flecked landscape consultants, felt the loss. 
The boy had never before pondered how other people saw the tiger. Of course the great cat was a rare treasure, but his presence, like so many of the older park residents, was taken for granted. Titus’ picture had long been the zoo’s symbol, always prominently displayed on the front covers of park brochures and mailers. But the tiger had been more than just a figurehead. Many park employees had sensed his unflagging strength and gentle wisdom even if they had not fully understood it. The great tiger would be greatly missed by all. 
Sam didn’t want to hear a word of Titus’ death spoken out loud. When Charlie opened his mouth, he said, “Don’t say anything, Charlie. Please, don’t say a word.” 
 “Ah, Kiddo. I know how much you loved him.” 
Sam nodded. 
 “Thanks, Charlie.” 
 “You wouldn’t have wanted to be here when it happened. It was too sad.” 
 “I got to see him yesterday. That was enough, I guess.” 
 “Sure it was. You know something? I believe that cat loved you, too, in his own way.” 
Sam knew Charlie was not patronizing him. Some of the younger staff members occasionally teased him about the sounds they heard him make, but Charlie never did. Billy and the maintenance crew thought he was crackers. So did his brothers and school friends for hanging out at the zoo all the time. Only Charlie and his grandmother never asked questions. 
 “Do you know if they let him see his cubs? Dr. Gaston said something about letting them see him one last time.” 
 “Sorry. I don’t know anything about that. I got here after he passed.”  
Sam would visit the tigresses, Ming and Greta, first. 

Chapter Eleven
The Lioness’ Power Play


Sam felt the entire zoo’s grief as soon as he arrived. The air was deafeningly empty of all sounds. The flag beside the fountain fluttered weakly at half-mast. Both Samson and Lilly’s heads hung low and did not make a sound when they saw him. 
Sam had to pass Titus’s valley to reach the cubs. He could not bear the sight of the empty enclosure. Already, they were sterilizing the pen for another occupant. 
A new employee, someone Sam had not yet met, in black, rubber boots was spraying down the cement beach with heavy-duty power washer. The wood shade hut had been dismantled, and the soft bed of straw was gone. Sam ducked and rushed by before catching the man’s eye. 
Seeing the cubs tussling about together helped buoy Sam’s mood. He tried to guess who the new king was by the expressions of the tigresses. Immediately, he understood Erato had been chosen. 
 “Hi, tigers,” Sam said. Both mothers looked up and smiled. He was relieved to see there were no hard feelings. Titus’s death and the transition period would be hard enough to endure without the added stress of squabbling. 
 “Titus picked Erato to be the next king,” Greta purred proudly. 
Sam nodded. "Did they get to see their father this morning?”
 “Yes, briefly. Ming and I plan to work together to help raise Erato. We believe it was a wise decision.” 
 “I’m very happy to hear that. I was worried. Was he—Titus—in any pain?”
 “No,” Ming growled. “We think the human helped him. Maybe they gave him an elixir. He made us vow to say goodbye to you. He was brave until the end.” 
 “Sam, there’s a rumor that worries us. You might try to find out about it. It was whispered to us. It’s said that the juvenile lion cub, grandson of old Cesar, thinks he’s the new king. We don’t believe this should be even considered. Balance Law states the outgoing king selects the next monarch unless circumstances prevent this, and that doesn’t apply at all.” 
The boy was confused. “Why does the young lion think it is his right? Don’t all animals defer to the Law of Balance?”
 “Yes, but there is some concern in the case,” Greta growled. 
Ming broke in, “She means because in this case both lion and tiger cubs are of nobility.” 

In the enclosure two valleys over, across the camels and swamp deer, the three lionesses paced and plotted. The young male who had not even begun to grow a mane lulled on his back, idly watching the fluffy clouds slowly pass overhead. Leon was oblivious to the lionesses’ debt of honor. He did not dream of being the zoo’s supreme ruler. He did not want the responsibility. Instead he lived in anticipation of the next meal of mincemeat with the occasional bone to gnaw. But the meat had to be just right. Not too much filler. 
Leon especially looked forward to visits from a small redheaded human called Diana who sometimes slipped him sweet, minty rocks that his mother called “contraband” when no other human was looking. He liked the little human and had been perfecting his purr just for her. No, he didn’t want to be the next king. Too stressful. 
 He has just as much a claim as they do. Besides, he’s older,” the lioness named Duchess growled. 
 “And he’s a lion. We are the proper rulers. In other zoos, the king is always a lion. Without question. Remember? That’s what his father said when he visited. Cesar’s son is king at the northern park, so why not his son here?”
Velvet flicked her tail at the lounging youth. She would never admit it, but she had reservations. What word had that tiny human used? In-breeding? She frowned. 
Leon was lazy and absurdly picky about his food. He still liked to watch dancing butterflies and play with the beetles that came folded in their straw bedding. He had not even tried to roar yet. And if Leon did not get just the exact amount of kibble pieces in his bowl, he flew to pieces. The cub was more like a silly gosling than a lion prince. 
However, as mother of the sitting king, her status would increase many fold. All the other big cats and every other animal in the zoo would look up to her. 
 “I agree,” Canyon growled. “It’s our time now as it should be. If your son’s the next king, as counselors we will help him rule. It’s time for lions to be in charge.” 
 “So we must not waste anymore time. We should strike immediately.” 
 “Yes. Let’s start spreading the news. If enough animals hear Leon’s the new king, it will be accepted without too much questioning.” 
 “I agree. And we mustn’t allow a tiger cub’s name to spread first. We must intercept all inferiors,” Velvet snarled. 
“There are three of us and only two tigresses,” Canyon observed. “Let’s gather the freebies. If we can reach certain influential creatures first—Nero and Shiva—and Lecher and his pack, we will solidify the coup.” 


Chapter Twelve
Grave Danger

By late afternoon, Grimm was completely fixated. And he was starving. He tried to go out for a nut or a French Fry or even to grab a drink from the puddle by the yellow slide that always stayed full for days after a rain, but before he made it half way down the trunk of his tree, he panicked and rushed back up to check on the golden prize. His tongue felt like sandpaper, and he badly needed a nap, but he could not take his eyes off his shiny obsession. 
Dunk and Bauble had hopped across the branch earlier, and Grimm barked at them. Now, in their absence, he had convinced himself that they had tattled, though to whom, he could not fathom. 
The rabbits, Flora and her father, Gent, were also nearly paralyzed, though in their case it was by fear, not greed. Much of the rabbit force had been requested to come to the tiger valley around high sun. As usual, the rabbits had split up and slipped over to the Big Cat Valleys one at a time so as not to arouse the suspicions of the human. 
Many freebies had been waylaid in passing the lioness enclosure and had been given a conflicting set of marching orders. Now half the rabbits were spreading the news of Erato’s monarchy while the others canvassed the park with word of Leon’s ascension to the throne. 
The birds had been given different information as well and in the pandemonium, took to the air squawking and bickering. Bewildered visitors sought refuge in the reptile house or by the sea lions pool where it was only a bit quieter. 
Gent had sent his daughter to bring to word to Ulysses, the Aldabra giant tortoise. Ulysses would be a neutral party, but there was more to her mission. Someone wise needed to know there was a key in the hands of a squirrel. But maybe it had already passed into someone else’s, much more treacherous, grasp already. 
Gall, the silverback, sat and waited. He wanted to stand up and thump his chest, roar at the top of his lungs. Today, more than ever, the gorilla wanted to be free. 
He had dreamed of the fertile mountain again. In his mountain dream, he was free with his family in the densest, most remote jungle on the far side of the world. He tasted candy-sweet mangoes and drank crystalline water from the mountain’s cool, clear spring. Gilly had a soft, chubby newborn cradled in her arms, and though his daughters had already left to join a nearby troupe of amiable gorillas, he saw them often. In his dream, his son was healthy, and he communicated perfectly. 
Gall both loved and loathed his mountain dream. At night, when the last keeper turned off the searing overhead light, he prayed to the Balance that the dream would not come to him. The paradise, even the dream of it, was too hard to give up again in the morning. His whole being shook and pulsed when he dreamt of freedom. Sometimes, Gilly would tickle his palms to wake him, but he would still always lash out before he realized she was merely trying to comfort him. There were no humans in the dream, no contorted faces or snickering visitors, telling him he looked stupid or smelled bad. 
The silverback had to stop thinking about the dream. It drove him crazy, blurred his ability to think. Today, more than ever, he needed to be able to focus. To think clearly. There was of no use conjuring up the dream. He would never be free. Instead, Gall tried to remember what had happened when Titus had deposed Cesar. 
The transition had been smooth. Every animal sensed the weakness and the necessity. Cesar’s illness could not be contested. He was no longer fit to rule. Even the smallest field mouse in the park understood it was not cruelty but survival instinct that allowed supreme power to be shift so effortlessly. 
But now, there was conflict. Two different groups of cats vied for power. Erato was only six months old. In the wild, he would be expelled from his mother’s territory at eighteen months. Greta still had a year to oversee her cub’s education. Dryades, too, had a few more months to be with Ming. Over in the lion’s valley, Leon only had a few more weeks in the lionesses’ company. 
Because there were now no adult male lions or tigers, there would not be any more cubs until the currents cubs fathered their own. This meant two things. First, as it stood, there were only three possible candidates for the throne. Already, one had bowed out. 
Still, the uncertainly of the monarchy greatly troubled Gall along with the rest of the zoo. There would be no peace until one king was unanimously accepted. Ultimately, most animals want peace, but occasionally due to their natural tendencies, violence was sometimes the only way to finally achieve a harmonious outcome. This was the way of nature, of Balance, the law of survival of the fittest. 
If the fittest was uncontested, than bloodshed was kept at a minimal. But what form would violence take if many of animals were imprisoned in their own domain?


Chapter Thirteen
The Sinister Marmoset

On the afternoon of the day Titus died, Sam left the park in tears. He felt lost, unable to imagine the zoo without its white tiger king. He had not realized how much the zoo relied on it monarch, but as he made his way through the park, he saw signs of anxiety everywhere. 
By closing, many animals were upset. Some were nearly frantic. The parrots and peacocks were among the worst. The bobbing, chattering birds reminded Sam of television reports he’d seen of vividly robed zealots protesting their government’s clandestine practices. No one liked uncertainty, an empty throne even less. Sam even overheard a few of the zoo’s visitors wonder about the unusual cacophony. It seemed everyone could sense the park’s heightened anxiety. 
The boy had met the small bunny, Flora, by the sea lions’ pool. He had never seen her so distraught. She could hardly speak and quickly hopped under a prickly sago palm. Then, later, Gall had been uncharacteristically quiet and unresponsive. He just stared straight ahead, rarely blinking. Gall’s family, Gilly, their two daughters and their mute son, had stayed huddled in the corner by the door. 
Gall had not even seemed to register Sam’s presence. If animals could shed tears, the boy thought, Gall surely would have been crying. 
On the other hand, the unruly orangutans across the way were going nuts. They flailed their ropy orange limbs and chucked their black feed buckets at their faux rock wall. 
One male named Wing nut beat his chest, raised his lips and squealed aggressively every few minutes. 
Occasionally one of the females yelled out to no one in particular, “Who’s the king? Who’s the king?” Finally, after failing to get Gall’s attention, Sam hurried through the monkey exhibit. 
 “Hey, Pet,” a fiery orange tamarin squealed out as he passed. “Are the rumors true?”
Sam paused. He nodded mechanically, hardly registering the monkey’s presence. 
 “Well, if it’s true than I got something myself. But I ain’t sure I’m ready to give it up yet. I got…a few conditions.” Even under normal circumstances, the boy resisted getting too chummy with the zoo’s smaller monkeys. Their voices were incredibly high-pitched and chirpy, the screeching frazzled his nerves. 
Also, if truth be told, he didn’t like the way tamarins smirked and smacked their little lips all the time. And they seemed to be perpetually mocking everyone around them. 
For the most part, the simian family was a cheeky and untrustworthy lot. The smaller monkeys were just as likely to fling their excrement and make obscene gestures at guests as they were to entertain with acrobatic tricks. Long ago, Sam had learned to avoid the mini-manticores altogether. This evening, more than ever, he wanted to be far away. 
 “Listen, do you hear the chimes? I have to go. The park’s closing.” 
The tamarin shrieked, sending chills down Sam’s spine. Then the beast grinned and jabbed a tiny finger in his nose. He made a show of rummaging around and flicked something in the boy’s direction. 
Sam gagged and turned to leave. 
 “Wait. Don’t go. I think you’ll be very interested to hear what I have, little Pet.”  The monkey oozed. 
 “I doubt it.” 
 “Oh, you will be, believe me. You’ll be back and in the interim, I shall ponder my price. But make no mistake about it, Pet. It’ll be prit-tee steep.” 
Sam stuck his tongue out at the little fiend, turned heel and without another thought, rushed away. 


Chapter Fourteen
Sam’s Ears

Turmoil twirled through the zoo like a spinning top. Ruffled pigeons and starlings, with carefully memorized messages given to them by the lions, flew over rabbits hopping in the opposite direction, baring news from the tigers. 
No one knew who or what to believe. Allegiances and opinions switched daily. Sometimes, the invisible crown hovered over Erato’s tangerine fur, but other times, it briefly rested on Leon’s black tipped ears. Sam felt helpless. He desperately wanted to help but felt utterly powerless without specific guidance. 
One decision had been made, though. After seven days of waffling, Grimm had a plan. It was indeed good that the squirrel was already missing his tail, for he surely would have plucked it out in his state of near dementia. 

Across the park, in a small bedroom in pink Victorian that butted up to a quiet, one-way street, Sam awoke with a pulsing headache. His ears felt waterlogged again. 
Dizzy and disorientated, he dressed for school and packed his bag. At the top of the stair, he nearly pitched head over heels. He clung to the railing, allowing the brief wave of vertigo to pass. Then he tentatively dropped a sneaker on to the second step. 
Immediately, he stumbled again, this time clattering the whole way down. 
 “Darling!” His mother rushed into the hallway, hearing the muffled commotion. “Are you okay?”
Sam shook his head. He pointed to his ears. He blinked and jabbed a finger in one and then the other. He heard his mother voice, but her fuzzy words resonated as though she was tossing them down a long, stony well. Once he and his brothers had tried talking to each other underwater at a friend’s pool. Like then, he couldn’t hear individual words, just the cadence of longer sentences interspersed with shorter, crisper questions. 
 “What’s wrong?” she asked, again in the hollow, muddied voice. 
 “Mom, my ears. I’m having problems hearing. I can’t—” his own voice sounded too peculiar to continue. 
 “Oh. Thank goodness. It’s probably just allergies. Let me get the stuff your father takes. Come sit down.” 
Slowly, Sam followed her into the kitchen. His brothers held their cereal spoon mid air, staring at him. Sam knew his sense of equilibrium was connected to hearing, so it stood to reason if he was having problem balancing, it was because something was terribly wrong with his ears. 
Was he going deaf? He had never experienced anything like this before. He knew he should not jump to conclusions, but his head felt as though it had been bandaged in plastic wrap. He jiggled his jaw, trying to pop his eardrums the way his father had taught him how to do on an airplane, but nothing happened. His head was still cottony and each movement required careful consideration. 
 “Wait, Mom, I’m sorry. I can’t really hear what you are saying.” 
Pallas pulled out a chair for her son. She strode to the cabinet where she kept medicine and cough syrups and returned with two Benadryl caplets. 
 “Use your juice,” she urged, pointing to the glass half full of a thick orange liquid and mimed raising an invisible glass to her lips. 
The vivid color of the orange juice reminded Sam of tigers. He panicked all over again. What if he could no longer hear the animals?


Chapter Fifteen
Trials of the Weak

Eventually, the fuzzy ringing in Sam’s ears began melting away so he did not bother turning in the note his mother had given him. By snack time, he had fully recovered, and had all but forgotten his morning’s odd, and fortunately, temporary, hearing trouble. 
Sam had much on his mind. He thought about Titus and the tiger cubs and the zoo’s volatile Balance but he was also looking forward to his birthday. He wondered what his parents and his brothers might give him. He could not have what he most wanted, though. No amount of wishing would bring Titus back. 
 “Boo!”
Sam nearly fell out of his blue plastic chair. He could definitely hear perfectly now. His ancient math teacher had slowly crept up behind him while he was lost daydreaming. 
 “Would you care to join us?” the smirking, bald man asked again. Sam nodded, cringing. His forehead felt feverish. 
But then suddenly it was not his strict teacher before him but a feisty, old snapping turtle. He envisioned Mr. Hardly clambering about on all fours fighting Ulysses for a sweet carrot or a juicy wedge of a watermelon. 
 “Forgive me, Sir.” 
 “Apology accepted. Now, please catch up.” 
The boy was sorry he had not been able to celebrate his tenth birthday with Titus. Ten. Sam can hardly believe it. 
It seemed like more than just a year had gone by since he had convinced his parents to let him ride the streetcar alone. His grandmother has been a big help in convincing them. Kindlie always seemed to understand him. He had been so happy the day she had come to live with them. 
In a few years, he’d be a teenager. Then he’d be able to drive to the zoo. His mother wouldn’t be able to surprise him by coming to pick him up at the zoo some evenings. Even though it was an easy walk through the park to get home, she still showed up him sometimes. Before he knew it, he would be finishing school, and looking for a job. One working with animals. Definitely. 
Sam felt the eyes on him again. He peered around to see a pretty, shy girl named Susie staring at him. When he met her eyes, she swiped her blonde bangs out of her eyes, and quickly looked away. 
He did not understand other kids sometimes. Why was she looking at him? Did that mean she liked him or not? Was there something wrong with him?
Sam passed a hand over his face. Maybe he had a bit of graham cracker on his lip or some marker on his cheek. He would get permission to go to the boy’s room. He raised his hand. 
 “Yes?” the overgrown turtle asked, raising an eyebrow furry as a thick caterpillar. 
 “Can I go to the boy’s room?”
 “Can you? Can you? Well, I really wouldn’t know. Are you or aren’t you able? I believe that is a highly personal issue.” 
Sam sighed. It was a familiar reproach but still a few students snickered. Why couldn’t people be more like animals? Why did they have to be so sarcastic or try to be witty at another’s expense? Certainly animals aren’t mean just for mean’s sake. 	
 “Sir, may I please go to the boy’s bathroom?”
 “Yes. But when you return, I hope you’ll refrain for interrupting us again.” 
The rest of the school day passed uneventfully, and Sam was exceptionally thankful when the final bell rang. It was not that he didn’t like school. He actually enjoyed his classes for the most part and liked almost all of his teachers. 
He just could not concentrate while the lives of his other family—his animal family—were in such turmoil. 


Chapter Sixteen
Gall’s Concerns

Charlie was not at the front gate when Envy arrived, but his substitute waved him through. A salmon-colored flamingo squawked at him as soon as he stepped inside the gate. 
 “Hey, Pet. You need to get over to Gall ASAP. ––Hmm, that means something doesn’t it? Maybe 'as shiny as you…Poop.' Naw, that’s not it- too gross. 'As slippery as penny'…no, wait… 'a sneaky as an anaconda-'"
 “I get it Rosie.”  Sam was already jogging, calling back, “It means As Soon As Possible!”
Remembering his bizarre conversation with the tiny lion monkey, Sam took the long way around to the back of the primate neighborhood. He found Gall lumbering about, his knuckles grazing the patches of neon green winter wheat. The silverback leaned back on his hunches when he saw the boy. 
 “Gall. You wanted me?”
 “Yes. There isn’t much time. You need to find out. Wait, come closer,” the gorilla raised his muzzle and sniffed the air. 
 “What’s wrong? Why do you act so odd like that?”
 “Nothing. Just my ears. They’ve been acting funny. Can you say that again?”
 “A heron came to see me this morning. She was frightened. She did not know who to tell. She said she had overheard a conversation in the Jaguars’ Jungle at dawn. If what she says is true, we’re in serious trouble. Do you understand?” Sam shook his head. He could understand the animals’ language, but he could not read minds. He waited for Gall to continue. Never had he seen the silverback so worried. 
 “The day I sent you to see Titus, two days before he died, I heard a rumor. I didn’t believe it could be true. I was perhaps, naïve. But now. . . if I could. . . well, there’s no use in thinking about that. Pet, an animal has a key.” 
Now the boy understood perfectly. Occasionally, he himself had kept a key, the one to the petting zoo during the day in case a goat or sheep needed to be separated for disorderly conduct. On those days the animals treated him differently, with detachment darkened by resignation. They always looked at him differently on those days. 
But that wasn’t the key Gall was talking about. The very thought took his breath away. 
 “Do you mean a master key?”
He hated keys. He despised having a constant reminder that most of the animals were prisoners, kept against their will. He tried not to dwell on the idea that animals might not want to be at the zoo. Instead, he preferred to think of the park as a refuge or preserve. And it was true that most of the zoo’s animals had been born in captivity. 
Sam was thankful he had never kept a master key. Knowing how deeply some of his favorite animals wished to be free might prove too tempting for Sam. He understood the babies had to be kept locked up for their own safety, but with the other animals, the most intelligent—well, that just wasn’t the case. They were kept under lock and key to keep them in one place. That just did not always seem so humane. 
His heart squeezed at the wistful, defeated look on Gall’s face when the silverback’s mind roamed. He had heard Gall mention a verdant paradise on the far side of the planet. 
In a perfect world, the boy would have liked nothing more than to help Gall, to set him and his family free. Sam had daydreamed about going down to the bustling port of New Orleans and finding a cargo boat bound for the Republic of Congo. He would gladly spend all his allowance money on five one-way tickets to the green mountain of Gall’s dreams. 
But now, Sam pushed aside those sorts of thoughts. The zoo was in severe danger. 
 “Who has it?”
 “It is believed that the squirrels still have it. We can only hope they do.” 
 “Who told you about it?”
 “The rabbits. Gent, their leader.” 
 “How does he know?”
 “He and his daughter overheard the squirrels last week. They had it.” 
 “Why didn’t they tell you right away?”
The silverback shook his massive head.” Gent didn’t know what to do. He couldn’t risk allowing the information to fall into the wrong claws.” 
 “But—”
 “Pet. The past doesn’t matter. We must act now with what little information we have. It’s a tumultuous time in the park for many reasons. Gent did not know who would be king. We still don’t know. It would be horrendous for the wrong side to get an advantage. But Ulysses got word to me last night.” 
Sam felt a small wash of relief at hearing Ulysses’ name. The great Aldabra tortoise was very wise and would surely help them defuse the emergency. At eighty-eight, Ulysses was the oldest mammal at the zoo. He had given Titus, along with several other kings, great guidance and sage advice over the years. With Ulysses’s counsel, the last two decades had been peaceful and productive under Titus’s reign. Many believed it had been a golden age at the zoo. 
If the animals felt safe, they were happier. If they were content and healthy, the keepers had less to do and worry about. Then, in turn, the human trusted the animals and gave them more autonomy. More visitors came as the park grew in popularity. 
A happy, well run zoo like the New Orleans’ one, thrived. More money came in, which allowed the director to improve habitats and implement innovative ideas. New facilities provided the newest treatments for the infirmed or old. Soon, the healthy animals were even allowed to breed occasionally. Success was shared by all. 
Indeed, unbeknownst to the Dr. Gaston, the keepers and the board of trustees, the zoo thrived mostly because of Titus and Ulysses. 
 “How did the squirrels get it?”
 “Apparently, they found it. It washed up out of a drainpipe during that fierce storm we had last week.” 
Sam swallowed. He screwed up his face, thinking hard. 
Why hadn’t Dr. Gaston ordered the locks changed? Surely he must have known it was missing. 
Gall’s deep voice crackled his thoughts. “We must get it. There are several animals who must not, under any circumstances, be allowed to get the key.” 
 “What can I do?” Sam asked. “Tell me. I’ll do exactly what you say.” 


Chapter Seventeen
The Plan

Ulysses lay beside an overturned laundry basket of orange peels and beet leaves. He had fallen asleep eating his breakfast in a pleasant patch of warm sunlight. An emptied half-sliced orange cupped his beak. 
As Sam approached, a tiny, yellow and black bananaquit gently pull one of the larger green beet leaves over the snoozing giant’s eyes. Another bird, a mischievous crow was carefully trying to balance a thick carrot wand on Ulysses’ spectacularly bumpy shell. A semi-circle of other birds and squirrels fluttered around the tortoise, cracking themselves up. For reasons Sam did not yet understand the birds loved to taunt the old tortoise. 
 “Shoo!” Sam said, leaping over the short railing, “Get out of here.”  Why was it that everyone always picked on the easiest target no matter what kingdom they belonged to? 
 “Ulysses?” Sam said, laying his hand on the parched, prehistoric head. 
 “What? Who’s there?”
 “Ulysses, it’s me. Pet.” 
The tortoise blinked and cleared his throat. His voice sounded like car tires rolling over gravel.” I was having the weirdest dream. I was the last of the dodos, and the rattiest bunch of sailors was squeezing citrus all over me. Laughing and banging drums. They were getting me ready for the big fruit salad bowl.” 
 “Gall sent me to ask you about the—” the boy ducked closer to the tortoise’s head, “Key.” 
 “Oh, yes. Right. We must move fast. Or rather, you must move fast. Obviously, I’m no good in that department. If we’re lucky, it’s still in the hands of one of the dastardly little beasts.” 
 “Which kind?”
 “The worst kind. A squirrel. Cannot be trusted. Ever.” 
 “But—”
 “No. They’re dangerous. They have a smidgen of intelligence. Not enough to make ’em smart but enough to make them dangerous. And they are free. That’s our biggest immediate concern.” 
 “Why didn’t you call for me earlier?”
 “I would have, Pet. But some animals were against using you. Animals who don’t believe it’s wise to involve a human in our matters. There was a negotiation between a few key leaders. Good pun, I say. But you should know that you have many friends here. But, well, we don’t have time for all that now.” 
Sam frowned. “Do you know which squirrel has it?”
 “The one without his proper flag”
 “What?”
“You know, a fluffy thingy—a tail. Hasn’t got one. Oh, he’s a real rotten bugger.” 
 “Do you know which tree he claims?”
 “Nope. Only know what Gent’s daughter told me. He might live near that metal contraption that holds up that absurd slippery, down-turned thing. The thing that makes one go down very fast and then dumps you out on your bum. Most of that new generation of squirrels live over that way. It’s a very stupid generation.” 
 “I don’t think we have time for riddles––”
 “Boy, I’m not giving you a riddle. I simply can’t recall what the thing is that your kind likes when they are young. They find it amusing to be dumped out on their backsides. Also, small human are not permitted to walk back up it unless no grown human is watching.” 
 “A ‘slide.’ There’s one near the cafeteria.” 
 “Yes. That’s where he lives. He’s a greedy miscreant, that one.” 
 “I think I know the tree. One of those huge live oaks. I can go there now—”
 “Stop, boy. He’s not just going to hand it over to you. 
He’ll want something in return. I’ve heard he’s hatching two different plots as we speak. He’s either going to give it the lionesses so that they can claim the monarchy for their cub or he’ll give it to the wild dogs.” 
Sam froze. 
 “Yes. It’s very bad.”  Ulysses slowly shook his leathery head.” It must not go to the lions for that cub is not fit to be king.” 
 “But the hyenas can’t have it either. Not Lecher.” 
“No. They’ll let themselves out—”
 “And devour anyone they choose.” 
The old tortoise sighed.” Or everyone.” 
 “What do we do?” Sam gasped. 
The old beast’s eyes sparkled. “I may have a plan.” 

Chapter Eighteen
Stealing a Key

On every day but Sunday Dr. Gaston left his office open. He usually took that day off to spend with his family although, lately, with the birth of the baby rhino and the cubs, his family had been coming to him. Sam knew it was risky going in the main administration building on the weekend. If anyone found him there, he would certainly be questioned. Worse, he might be escorted out of the zoo altogether for trespassing in the director’s office. 
But time was short and there was no choice. Ulysses’s plan required another key, but it had to be real for all the zoo’s keys were stamped with the image of Titus’s head. Grimm might be dense but not entirely thoughtless. The trick key must look authentic. 
Sam found paper and pen and quickly dashed off a note explaining that he might not be able to come to work the following Sunday. The piece of paper would be his excuse to be inside the office. Then he marched into the administration building bravely, trying to appear nonchalant. Sam was in luck. Dr. Gaston’s office was quiet and the door wide open. After a quick peak to make sure he was indeed alone, Sam rushed to the desk. He turned on the mallard-shaped desk lamp, and pulled open the top center drawer. 
Suddenly, the hallway was filled with a flock of noises. Voices slammed against the framed animal prints and bounced off the newly painted walls. 
 “All right, children, all right. I’ll just be a moment, and then it’s ice cream time. Milkshakes for all. I need my medicine. Won’t be a moment.” 
Dr. Gaston marched purposefully into the office. His loafers barely made a sound as they padded across the thick, faux zebra-striped carpet. 
 “That’s odd. I don’t remember leaving this on.”  The director muttered to himself before snapping off the glowing duck. “Lord, my brain’s gotten hazy.” 
Sam huddled in the small foot space between the drawers of the desk, afraid to breathe. The two slippered feet paused five inches from his own. For once in his life, he was happy to be pint-sized. 
For a moment, Dr. Gaston hovered over the opened drawer. Then he sighed a last time. Sam heard a small rattling sound. He visualized the director plucking up his orange prescription canister of pills. The drawer slammed, and the portly gentleman walked back out of the office. 
 “Okay, kiddos. Let’s have some fun, shall we?”


Chapter Nineteen
Bait and Switch


Sam was back outside five minutes later, with a key exceptionally similar to the one under Grimm’s control. 
For all Sam knew it might be another master key, but he did not think so. The bowl it had been resting in had read “Far Utility Shed # 3.”  
So far, so good. 
Unfortunately, the playground by the new cafeteria was packed. Scampering children and squirming babies in strollers and their chatty parents swarmed the area. Sam wanted to avoid making a scene. 
He prayed the squirrel was at home. He needed a very tall ladder. Luckily, under the guise of his official Audubon uniform, he might be able to pass as part of a maintenance crew of some kind. Then he got an idea. 
Sam slipped around the corner, behind the dumpster next to the cafeteria’s exist. He was certain he would find a helpful bird or two there lingering for restaurant scraps. The boy explained to a bull pigeon named Friction that he needed some help. Three minutes later, Friction was wedged in the crux of the massive oak, pretending to be ensnared by the electrical wires of a spotlight. 
Sam did not have to wait long. Within minutes, a bemused maintenance crew, believing they were rescuing a trapped peacock, positioned a ladder on the tree just over Grimm’s hole. Sam ascended the cold metal as quickly as he could, stopping just in front of entrance to the squirrel’s home. To his relief, only a few of the smaller children paid him any attention. 
 “Grimm? Hello?”
The hole in the tree was silent. 
 “Anybody home?”
The boy leaned his head into the tree as far as he could. He thought he detected muffled chattering. 
 “Listen. I haven’t got a lot of time. The human-”
 “Who’s that?” a squeaky voice spat just inches from Sam’s ear. 
Sam grabbed for the sides of the ladder. "It’s me, the boy who speaks your language.” 
 “I know your name. Pet.” 
 “I heard you have something you shouldn’t.” 
 “Maybe I do, maybe I don’t.”  The squirrel looked at his pointy nails. 
 “I know you do. Everyone knows.” 
 “They do?”
 “Yes.” 
A gleeful look glistened in the squirrels’ eyes. “They do? Really?”
 “I need to have a look at it.” 
 “Forget it. Get lost.” 
 “Grimm, listen to me. I’m not who you think I am. I’m on your side—the animals’ side. I want them all to be free—”
 “I don’t believe you.” 
 “Ask anyone. I’m here to help you. The animals. The humans should not be able to rule you.” 
 “Yeah? So what do you want?”
 “I want to know if what you have is the real thing. I have a copy of the real master key. I want to compare them. Make sure you have what you think you have.” 
 “It is. I know it is.” 
The boy gave the squirrel a doubtful look. “How can you be so sure?”
 “Just am.” 
 “Then you won’t mind if I double check it against mine.” 
The squirrel narrowed his eyes and pinched up his whiskered mouth. Sam held his breath. He knew Grimm was on the verge of accepting his offer. 
 “Fine. Where’s yours?” The squirrel chirped. 
 “Here. Where’s yours?”
 “There.”  When Grimm moved aside, a puff of stale warm air wafted out of the hole in the trunk. Sam saw a dim piece of flat metal on a matted down nest of dry grass. 
Sam reached into the hole. Suddenly, the ladder shook. The boy grabbed the cold metal and looked down. 
 “Sorry, son. We thought maybe you’d got your head stuck in there,” a barrel-chested dad called up. The man had a fierce, premature five o’clock shadow and bucket-sized soda. 
Sam barely made out the man’s words. His ears had gone haywire again. He needed to quiet the man or run the risk of losing his hearing again and possibly fall off the ladder. 
 “I’m okay,” he called too loudly and stuck his hand back in the tree. 
Grimm pounced forward, lightly biting his finger. “No! I’ll do the checking. Gimme your key.”  The squirrel’s voice came through loud and clear. 
 “Ouch.”  Sam feigned annoyance. He briefly hesitated. 
Then he shook his head, and passed the tool shed key through the slot in the trunk. Grimm snatched it, and turned his back. 
Sam heard the smallest clink of the two keys coming together. 
 “It’s real,” cried the squirrel. “They’re identical. Here’s yours back.” 
Sam plucked the real shiny master key out of the vicious little squirrel’s tiny fist, astounded the little beast had fallen for such an obvious bait and switch trick. 
 “You should give it to the lionesses. That’s your best bet,” he told Grimm. “Leon is the rightful king. He won’t forget you.” 
 “Maybe I will, and maybe I won’t.” 
As Sam descended the ladder, a few of the gawkers clapped. Friction gave up the pretense, shook out his feathers and flew away. 
The man with the whiskers nodded at the boy’s hand. “Sure is an extraordinary place to keep a key. What else you got up there?”

Sam skipped back to stopping first by Gall’s to share the good news. 
 “I got it. It was so easy.” Gall bowed his head. “We owe you a great debt. Thank you, Pet.” 
 “I really didn’t think he’d be so stupid. I can’t believe he just gave me—”
The silverback cut him off. “Yes. He is a foolish freebie.” 
 “But then, I can’t believe he would be so stupid to even consider handing over total power to either of those predators. But I still can’t believe it worked.” 
 “Pet, you are right. But let us not dwell on such horrors. We have one more problem that I do not yet know how to set right.” 
Sam grinned broadly as he left the zoo that afternoon. He had proven his mettle. He had shown the animal leaders that he was worthy of their respect and inclusion. Now, there could be no doubt. He was a trustworthy friend even if he did happen to walk upright and wear pants. He had prevented unfathomable disaster. The wild dogs would not break out one night and devour the bunnies. The lioness would not be able to sneak into the petting zoo and attack the geriatric donkey or the defenseless nanny goats. 
The only thing that tainted the boy’s happiness happened after dinner, during bedtime stories, as his mother tried to further their adventures into Peter Pan. Again, Sam had trouble deciphering her muffled voice. Her words came to him as though through a narrow wind tunnel. Again and again he tried clearing his ears, but her words were only staccato notes ricocheting around an empty canyon. 
 “Here, take these. They might help a little,” Pallas said, dropping two robin’s egg blue tablets in his opened palm. 


Chapter Twenty
The Foiled Squirrel and the Agitated Gorilla


Most of the zoo’s animals should have been resting as easily as Sam or Little Flora that night. The bunny was nestled safely beside the red woolen mitten her father had found and stuffed with goose down the previous cold season. All of the rabbits had heard of the bravery of their leader and his diminutive kitten, and there had been a grand celebration. 
Grimm had taken the useless key to the lionesses just before the sun burrowed into the horizon, but he had not received the welcome he had so achingly anticipated. In his daydreams, he had been exalted. All the freebies had come and knelt before him. Some, those who had tried thwarting him, even begged his forgiveness, kissing the toes of his precious, little feet. 
But it had all gone horribly wrong. The lionesses had ignored him. They would not even acknowledge his presence. 
Two had yawned and walked off to lie down behind the bamboo. The last one had even told her son to “practice” on him, whatever that meant. The whole scene had been mortifying. Grimm did not understand until later, when he tried approaching Lecher, who had fiendishly chuckled and told him to come a little closer. “That key is worthless, you moron. It opens a closet. What need have I for shovels and rakes? Did you ever have the real thing? For your sake, I hope not.” 
Grimm had nodded vigorously, too bewildered to speak. The hyena leader cackled. “Well, then, you truly are the biggest idiot I’ve known—to let a juvenile human trick you out of such a priceless treasure.” 
Then as Lecher shook his scabby head, the wild pack began to howl. A few chased and nipped at each other’s heels. A fight broke out across the corral and a thin, spotted dog yelped and sprinted away with its grotty stump tucked between its legs. 
 “Get in here or get out of here,” the hyena leader shrilled. 
 “You’re only of use to us one way, squirrel.” 
Grimm fled, his heart pounding wildly in his throat. 
Gall had dreamed of the mountain again. This time he had been lounging amid the tall grass and shady trees with his family merrily tumbling around him. There were wild plums, a cool babbling stream and plenty of tasty anthills to explore with honeyed sticks. He dozed in the warm, blossomed breeze. 
Just as he was about to amble down to the pebble beach for a drink, a bolt of lightning splintered the sky. A tree overhead burst into flame. Within moments, a fierce wildfire consumed the forest, spreading too fast to escape. 
When Gall awoke he was lightheaded, and the fur on his head and under his arms was sopping wet. Freedom had been so close. He could practically smell dry leaves crackling with brilliant flames. But it was only a piercing laser of a sunbeam, hitting him full on the chest. 
The silverback rose to his fullest height. He pounded his chest with tightly clenched fists. Then he flung his black lips open and let out the grotesque roar that had been bottled up inside him since he could remember. 
Gilly and his daughters sprang awake and fled to the furthest corner. His son cowered, small hands covering his eyes. Then, as if on cue, his family tumbled away through the outside door that had magically opened. 
 “What’s up with him?” a man in a Drew Brees Saints jersey said to his partner. It was their job to spray down the inside pen after the gorillas moved outside. 
 “Sounds like he finally flipped his lid. Don’t blame me. He’s always seemed too smart to be in here.” 
 “I know what you mean.” 

The silverback stayed agitated all day. Once a pack of school children meandered by, and Gall lunged to edge of water He shrieked and beat his chest at them. He bared his teeth and sucked air in and out maniacally. 
Perhaps it had been the cheap plastic crown of the little female human had been wearing that had finally set him off. Even Gall could not fully understand his rage. But when the gold caught the sunlight and beamed brightly, right into his eye, Gall stormed to the edge of the water again and bellowed at the stunned birthday girl. She fainted dead away. 
She would have hit the road with a solid thud, but a nearby teacher grabbed her as she fell. The mob of children shoved and tripped over each other in their mad dash to safety. 
After they were gone, there was only the shining golden glitter and smashed plastic, in the shape of a crushed halo, left behind on the asphalt. 


Chapter Twenty One
Erato is King


 “Erato is King!” 
 “Long live Erato!”
Without the support and backing of the previous king, the main support to Leon’s claim collapsed. The lionesses knew they were fighting an uphill battle now that their secret weapon had been tricked away. One half-heartedly suggested that they try to steal it back from Pet, but none of the freebies, not even the squirrels, would listen to further treacherous plots. Above all else, most animals are instinctively inclined to work to attain Balance, not sabotage it. 
Within a few days, the park returned to normal. Ulysses had spread word that the tigers would rule as an assembly until Erato came of age. By then the new king would be moved into the spare enclosure with his brother, Dryades. 
There could only be one true monarch, but if he was wise, he would heed his brother’s counsel. The arrangement was accepted with the hope that Titus’s era of prosperity would continue. 
Sam returned to the zoo every day that week, slowly getting used Titus’ absence. Gall’s behavior, distant and preoccupied, only intensified Sam’s loneliness. Luckily, Samson and Lilly were of jolly spirits even though spring was coming, and the elephant pair always became a touch morose in the birthing season. 
Once, the spring before, Sam had asked Dr. Gaston about the possibility of the elephants ever reproducing, but the director had shook his head. 
 “Oh, no. That can’t happen. I’m afraid Audubon just doesn’t have the manpower or the right facilities. Of all the species, we’re least equipped to breed an elephant calf. It’s a tricky undertaking under the best circumstances. As well as exceedingly costly. I’m sorry, Sam, but it isn’t possible.” 

On Sunday Sam told Ulysses his birthday was less than a week away. The great tortoise mulled this over. The boy wanted at least one of his zoo friends to share in his excitement, but animals do not concern themselves with such definitive demarcations of the passing of time. They only respond to climate and light changes, of lengthened daylight hours or cold, darker mornings. The long-term passing of years holds little interest for them. 
Ask any animal how old they are, and they will not fully understand the question. Even the tortoise could not fathom his age. Once when Sam asked him about his first memories, he had remarked about the changing of clothing styles instead. 
“Well, I do remember that female human that used to show less flesh, less ankle skin and hunches. And less, what do you call it?” The turtle shook his head as if to rattle his brain awake. 
 “Oh, yes, ‘wrists. ’ And the male human wore more formal-looking hats and coats. Also, little clothes were not permitted to shuck their garments, and lurk about in the fountain. Nowadays, adult human seem a tad more lenient. The little buggers get away with murder.” 
Sam laughed. Ulysses’ observations were probably right on the money. 

That night, the lonely tamarin screwed up his nerve and dove for the sunken treasure at the bottom of his lagoon. It took three tries and much sputtering and swallowing of foul, chlorinated water, but the tiny monkey eventually recovered the second master key. 
 “Yee-haw!” he shouted and did a garish, little victory dance about his island. He sang a ditty into the failing light of the evening as he hopped, shaking the water from his pelt. He grabbed up his tail and holding it up like a furry microphone, sang,
 “It’s mine, it’s mine. It’s all, all mine. I get all my wishes, ’cause I dove with the fishes, and now the world is mine.” 


Chapter Twenty Two
Morphing Ears

Sam and his parents went to see a specialist about his ears on Tuesday morning. He shuddered as he walked through the door, instinctively touching the sides of his head. He remembered the office, the sterile little waiting room that smelled like moldy carpet, newsprint, and cinnamon spice potpourri. 
His parents smiled too readily when he looked over at them on the brown, paisley sofa. He stared at the frayed laces of his sneakers to keep from jumping up and fleeing the stuffy room. At least his feet touched the floor when he sat in the oversized chairs now. 
 “It’s going to be all right, love. Everything’s going to be just fine. Don’t worry, darling.” 
 “Your mother’s right. You’re healthy as young buck son,” his father nodded. “Allergies. That’s all.” But that was not at all Dr. Oreja’s pronouncement. The menacingly tall physician, like an overgrown stork in his huge lab coat, jabbed and fished around in his ears with his sparkling array of implements. When the doctor finished, his ears were cardinal red and achingly raw. The doctor sent the photos downstairs to the lab with a special rush processing order while they waited. 
The sun slowly turtled its way across sky. Sam realized he was not going to be able to make it to the zoo. Eventually, ashy, mousy looking nurse ushered Sam and his family into the giant stork’s wood-paneled office. Sam half expected a massive prickly nest instead of a more traditional desk. 
Ceremoniously, Dr. Oreja shook hands with them each again, which Sam found disconcerting as they had all been together, albeit in a less formal room, only minutes earlier. 
 “It appears your son is growing an unusual thatching of hair on what is called the ‘round window’ of his inner ear.” 
The doctor smoothed his tie and walked to the opposite wall where a curled canvas chart hung eye level. With a flourish, he tugged down on the pull-tab, revealing an exquisitely colorful, detailed mural of a human ear in all its fleshy glory. With a shiny metal antenna, the excited doctor explained that Sam’s inner ear was becoming unruly. An odd bristling of hair, or possibly fur, was sprouting. 
 “Like this,” the doctor said, holding up what looked to behalf of a fake black mustache to the empty inner cavity of the spectacular ear. 
Immediately, the ear took on a sinister appearance. 
Pallas squealed and covered her eyes. 
 “Why the shape of the ear itself is transforming into another thing altogether. They are becoming more like,” the looming stork whispered, “a primate’s.” 
Sam’s father gasped, dropped his steaming Styrofoam cup of coffee into his lap and then roared in pain. 
Sam said nothing. 

For a day and a half, the family ignored the youngest member’s curious predicament. They filled table conversations with trivialities and minutely dissected the upcoming week’s activities. Pallas needed to get her hair done. Dad’s Suburban was due for an oil change. The older boys thought their new baseball coach was a blowhard. 
No one said a thing about Sam’s evolving ape ears. Finally, Kindlie broached the subject before stories the following night. 
 “Your mother and father are silly and very short-sighted, you know,” Kindlie said, hoisting a fluffy duvet up to the boy’s chin, “They can’t even begin to conceive of the benefits of having a primate’s ear. But I can.” 
 “What do you mean, Grandmummy?”
 “Well, you already speak the language of animals, right? So, maybe with an animal’s ear, you will be able to hear as well as they do once your body figures itself out. Think of the advantages. I think you’re one lucky-ducky.” Sam had not considered the upside of the metamorphism. For the first time, since hearing the phrase ‘sprouting of fur,’ he smiled. 
 “Oh, I hope so. I mean, think of it, some animals can hear a distress call or a log fall up to a mile away. And what about echolocation? Wouldn’t that be amazing? I might have a superpower. Kindlie, do you really think it’s possible?”
 “I don’t know, darling. And we might not know for some time, but I’ll tell you a secret—”
 “Wait! How did you know I could talk to animals?” 
She beamed. “Because I know a bit myself. Avian. Did you ever stop to wonder why some many feathered friends congregate on our windowsills?”


Chapter Twenty Three
Sam’s News


Sam could not wait to get to the zoo the next afternoon. He bolted out of his desk, nearly knocking Susie, the pretty girl who sat next to him, to the floor. He turned poison dart frog red. She frowned. Then they both giggled. Perhaps she didn’t completely despise him after all. After he helped her pick up the spilt books, she thanked him with a warm smile. 
He just managed to catch the streetcar and slipped in past Charlie in the nick of time. He needed to talk to Gall. 
 “Gall. Guess what? You really aren’t going to believe it. Honestly, I still don’t believe it myself.” 
 “Hello, my Pet.” 
 “I’m glad you’re in a better mood today. I was beginning to worry about you, Gall.” 
 “Oh, you needn’t worry about me. I’ll be fine. It’s just the spring weather. Now, you have some news to tell me?”
Sam nearly tripped and fell over his news. Gall had to slow him down, but Gilly and their offspring thought the boy was tremendously amusing. 
 “So, you see, I’m becoming one of you! Next they’ll be wanting to put me on display.” 
The silverback’s eyes flashed. He gave a short low growl. Gilly cringed and slunk away. 
Sam bit his tongue. What an idiot, I am, the boy thought. 
 “Oh, Gall, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that—”
 “What did you mean then, Pet?”
 “Gall.” 
The gorilla held up a long black palm and turned his head away. “Please, go. Take your mutant ear elsewhere. I won’t have your pity. None of us will. You’re not one of us. You never will be.” 

Even though Sam was terribly ashamed, he still wanted to talk some animal about his ears. He knew better, but if he was to become some sort of bizarre amalgamation of species, he wanted to find support within the zoo. Kindlie could help him from the human side, but he needed help, or at the very least acknowledgement, from the animal kingdom. So Sam decided to visit Ulysses. 
The great tortoise thought Sam’s discovery grand. He even chuckled, something a turtle does rarely indeed- sounds more like panting or gagging. But truly, the boy was special. Lacking outer ears himself, Ulysses mulled over the idea of the strange, shell-shaped appendage for a few minutes. 
Mostly, turtles and tortoises do not hear very well. Instead, they feel sounds more from ground vibrations than from airwaves. But what the old beast lacked in the audio department, he more than made up for in scent and sight. 
 “I’d like to meet this ‘grandmother’ of yours. Boy, just think how absentminded a grandmother of mine might be? Or how many styles of human’s body drapery she’d have seen. But, back to the point, your extra old living ancestor does sound wise. I hope you’ll bring her to meet me sometime. You can tell her birds seem to fancy me as well.” 

As Sam left the park that evening, Flora chased after him. 
 “Pet?” She called in a sweet, tinkling voice, “Pet, someone wanted you to see them. Before you left.” 
 “Hi, Flora. You’re very brave bunny. I hope you know that.” 
Flora lowered her eyelids, turning her head to the side. If she could have blushed, she would have, for she thought Sam was spectacular. Mostly, she had been brave for him. 
Flora sometimes daydreamed of going home with the boy, of being Pet’s pet. 
 “Who is it?” Sam asked. 
 “That monkey that looks like a tiny lion. I don’t know his name.” 
Sam frowned. He disliked the golden marmoset nearly as much as Lecher. The bitty beastie was up to no good, he just knew. What had he been babbling about before, a price of some kind? Sam could not remember. 
 “Thank you, Flora. I think I’ve got a few minutes left before the bells.” 

The golden lion tamarin paced the small wooden platform, biting his nails and spitting out the tips at the only other tamarin in the enclosure, an older female with a pinched up face named Cutie Pie. The two marmosets were sworn enemies. 
 “Pet.” 
 “Hello.” 
 “Don’t you think you should know my name? I mean, words all over town we share the same ear design?”
 “Yuck,” Sam said. 
Now that the nail flinging had stopped, Cutie Pie retreated inside the island wooden tree house. 
 “Close, but no cigar. The name’s Haggis.” 
 “Of course it is.” 
 “Well, let’s cut to the chase. And I do mean, chase. I mean that’s what I’m looking for. More chase, more mates. I want more females. I’m sick to death of that old she-devil, so bring me more lionesses. At least four. Yes, I could handle four. Or five if, say, some sisters don’t want to be separated.” 
 “What? What are you talking about?”
 “I’m talking about my price. The price I’ll be extracting for this.” 
The devious, wee monkey, who still had water in his own round window, held up the other master key. 


Chapter Twenty Four
Terror Revisited
 
 “What are we going to do?” Sam wailed. He had exactly three minutes before the chimes rang for the night. He stood just yards away from
Gall, who had forgotten his fury in light of the horrendous news the boy had just delivered. 
 “Hold on. I need to think. Tell me again before the old human comes. Are we absolutely certain it’s real? A true master?”
 “Gall, Haggis’s story pans out. He said many seasons ago a brainless keeper named Alfie dropped the key into a crack in pool’s plaster. I asked Charlie about him. It’s true- Alfie just vanished. Never turned in his uniform or any of his keys. So it could have happened. Then nobody else would have known he’d lost it.” 
 “But the chances of a second master key going missing—it’s inconceivable. I can’t fathom how careless your kind can be.” 
 “We’re not all alike.” 
 “I’m sorry, Pet. But it’s hard to believe we’re back in the same exact predicament. Only this time, the culprit is cunning. This situation is much worse.” 
 “Maybe, but this time, he’s not threatening us.” 
 “Not yet. But he knows the power of threat. He doesn’t need to say it. Make no mistake. He’s blackmailing us. If we or you, more specifically, don’t arrange to have the zoo bring in more tamarin mates, he’ll unleash the predators.” 
 “Gall, I don’t think I can talk Dr. Gaston into getting more monkeys.” 
 “No. We can’t any more tamarins. They’re far too conniving. And they’re supposed to be monogamous anyway.” 
 “They’re also rare. They’re on the endangered list.” 
Gall looked at him. The endangered species list was an extremely sore point. Animals always blamed humans for any sort of depletion of resources or a species. Luckily, the common animal of normal intelligence, tended not to believe that an entire species could be wiped out. They could not fathom a complete and irreversible eradication, so they ignored it. 
 “What are we going to do?”
 “What’s that, Sam? Did you say something?”
The boy jumped. Charlie was strolling up the asphalt, swinging his pocket watch like a conductor on an old-fashioned stream train. 
 “Nothing. Just trying to get him to look at me.” 
 “Well, time to be headin’ home. Let’s walk out together.” 
There was nothing Sam could do. He turned back to Gall, “Goodbye. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
The silverback grunted. 

The night passed slowly for each of the players involved in unfolding drama. Sam tossed and turned, his dreams filled of atrocious visions, jaguars slashing antelopes, bunnies being swallowed whole by monstrously large alligators. 
Gall paced the small quarters of his night enclosure. He could not wait to send word to Ulysses. Gilly, nibbling at the shiny fur on her knuckles, tried coaxing him to her side. “Come, mate. You must sleep now.” 
The gorilla shook his head. “I cannot. I have too many worries.” 
Gilly leaned onto her haunches and slowly knuckled toward him. She passed their slumbering offspring. Moonlight streamed in through the single square window cut into one of the room’s cement walls. 
The female gorilla gently ran a curled hand along the silverback’s arm. “But there is nothing to be done, right?” Gall sighed. 
 “You are thinking of the key? Your dream mountain again?”
After a long silence, Gall bowed his head. “You are right. There is nothing to be done. Even if we did escape and run far away, we could never be free.” 

Even Haggis slept fitfully, an array of simian vixens with silky coats the color of burnt umber and dainty claws, parading through his thoughts. He would line them up according to height, and bestow on them, new, exotic names: Jasmine, Ginger, Philodendron, Elephant Ear. No, not Elephant Ear. He would have to remember to have Pet take Cutie Pie away. 
Haggis had been lonely for so long. He needed a hug. He needed to feel tiny fingers ruffling his fur, plucking out the vermin interlopers that had become deeply embedded in pelt. Haggis blushed just thinking about a good grooming. 
Perhaps he should ask for a fellow male as well. It would be nice to have someone to boss around. Think how jealous another male would be seeing him surrounded by a bevy of downy mates. Also, it might be fun to have a boys’ night out every once in a while. Just as long as the new male was not too alluring, maybe with a clubfoot or hairless lip. 

In the morning, Sam awoke to irritating buzzing in his ears again. His mother gave him a token allergy pill simply because there was nothing else she could do and the specialist had said it could not hurt. 
 “I still say they should just shave it out,” his oldest brother Matthew, said. 
 “No. It’d grow back. I think they should lop ’em off. They could grow him some new ears like I saw in that magazine at the dentist’s. They had a picture of human ear growing off the back of a live lab mouse. Honest, I swear. It was in National Geographic,” his other brother John said. 
Sam tried to ignore them, looking to his grandmother, who smiled conspiratorially at him. Together they would figure out his condition. Already they had discovered that on days when Sam spent a long time at the zoo or around animals in general, his hearing became fuzzy when he returned home. The reverse happened as well. 
After spending time at school or with his family at home, his hearing was distorted and waterlogged when he first got to the zoo. 
 “I’m not sure,” Kindlie said, “but I believe Nature’s trying to tell you something.” 
 “But what?”
 “I’m not certain yet. We’ll have to wait and see. But perhaps you have a job to do.” 
What really bothered Sam was the idea that he might lose one of his languages. He knew it was irrational, that hearing was not tied to understanding words, but something about the way his problem flared up at certain times worried him. His head felt like a radio on the fritz, threatening to blow a fuse at any moment. 
At recess, Sam sat on a bench alone. His birthday was a week away but he did not feel like celebrating at all. He would not have totally objected if the day slipped by unnoticed altogether. Sam was still bothered by what the enraged mother had said the day the frisky Nubian goat had knocked down her daughter.  
You have to choose a side to be on. Are you a boy or an animal?

The boy and the great tortoise contemplated the key situation together. Ulysses too, had been flabbergasted to learn another master key had fallen into the hands of a dangerous villain. 
 “I do not think our previous plan will fool a villain like Haggis. Monkeys are treacherous and shrewd.” 
 “I agree,” Sam replied. 
 “But again, we must not let the key unlock any cages.” 
 “You mean, the wrong cages.” 
 “No.”  Ulysses said, “I mean exactly what I said. No cages.” 
 “But-”
 “No. We must respect the balance. Anyone might be corruptible if given their freedom. There is always a cost. You must understand this.” 
Sam nodded. Even at nine, he understood the basic controversy of a zoo. Some animals thrived in captivity and adapted easily to their manipulated environment. Certainly a good zoo could protect and help repopulated endangered species. And the zoo was a safe, easy place to study and teach people about animals and the natural world. 
However, he believed there were some creatures who should never be caged in the first place. 
 “But they are. They have been,” the tortoise said, as if reading the boy’s thoughts. “Once they have been inside, they cannot be released. They are no longer wild.” 
 “So what are we going to do?”
 “I’m mulling over the options and outcomes. The best would be to work with him, see that his demands are met. But there is no way the zoo will bring in more tamarins. Especially not four rare females. The zoo carefully controls breeding. What Haggis wants really is an age-old desire. Maybe he wants offspring but I bet he just wants attention.” 
 “But they’ll never let him.” 
 “No. Probably not,” the tortoise agreed. 
 “So what’s the other option?”
 “He’s overpowered, out maneuvered somehow.” 
 “Who does he listen to?”
 “Good question. The primates look to Gall, don’t they?”
 “Yes.” 
 “Then we must get the two together somehow. Gall might be able to trick Haggis to forfeit the key.” 


Chapter Twenty Five
Sam’s Plan


Sam had his own idea. At about ten inches long minus the fuzzy tail, a tamarin, or golden marmoset, is very small and not overly intimidating. What if he could somehow wrestle the key from Haggis himself?
He should be able to. He was at least fifteen times bigger than the miniscule monster. Couldn’t he just sneak up and snatch it? He had to try. How could it hurt? But how to do it without drawing any attention?
Sam would need a bona fide reason to enter the cage or a keeper or support staff would surely stop and question him. As a nine-year-old volunteer, he had no real authority. He never went inside the enclosures alone other then the petting zoo and the tapir paddocks. This meant he would have to sneak into Haggis’s pen after regular park hours. Sam decided he would hide the next time Charlie came to look for him at closing time. He would have to convince his friend into believing he had already left. Then he would hide until the last staff member left for the night. 
Sam had no time to lose. He would have to attempt the recovery tomorrow night. 

The next day Sam sat through his classes and read aloud from his Charles Darwin book report like a drone. He did not talk to friends or join the game of kickball at recess. During his free time, he asked permission to go to the library and looked up primate attacks on people and then simian ear designs on the Internet. He found that rabid or mentally unstable monkeys could inflict considerable damage but rarely killed people. 
On the brighter side, it was generally believed that most primates had a well-developed sense of hearing along with a high frequency sensitivity. This helped alert them of possible dangers in the jungle after dark. 
Sam did not know if this would be helpful to him, after all, he might not need to hear the screeching brakes of the slowing garbage truck better. What if he began to hear the squealing high pitch of the coffee maker turning itself on at dawn or the whizzing of a computer disc drive three classrooms down the hall?
But perhaps it might lead to a cool job after college. Probably not on an aircraft carrier or in a dentist’s office, though. Sam left school hurriedly with his overstuffed backpack. Charlie was not at the entrance gate. Instead he said hello to a blonde girl with full, bright pink lips like hibiscus petals too preoccupied with her homework to take any interest in him. 
“Charlie’s sick,” she muttered, waving him through. 
Lucky break, Sam thought. 
As he walked along under the enormous date palms, Sam went over his plan again. He had stuffed his backpack with a spare set of dark clothes, a towel, and two flashlights, just in case. He would have to get wet. Monkeys did not like water. He envisioned himself holding Haggis over the water like a gangster dangling his victim off the edge of a spectacularly tall bridge. He knew the little monkey would be inside after dark, but he would probably have to search the entire enclosure. 
Sam spent his afternoon with the tiger cubs, applauding their newest tricks. Erato could nearly balance on an enormous yoga ball, but it was even more hilarious to see Dryades shooting along the slippery yellow slip’n’slide. A boisterous crowd gathered, but for once the boy was not bothered. He was immensely proud of the cubs. 

Later, he stopped and chatted with the elephants. They trumpeted gleefully after learning about his ears. Both Samson and Lilly were duly impressed for pachyderms hold ears in the highest regard. 
 “Do they itch?” Lilly asked. 
 “Can you wave them?” Samson asked, flapping his own enormous appendages. 
Sam shook his head. “I don’t know what they’re going to look like when they’re finished.” 
Lilly giddily weaved her trunk from side to side. “Oh, I just love surprises.” 
 “Me, too,” Samson said. “How lucky you are. Just think, you’ll be your very own species!”
Sam sighed. Without his grandmother’s enthusiasm, he was less convinced his reconfiguring ears were a blessing. 


Chapter Twenty Six
Alone After Hours


Ten minutes before closing chimes, Sam strolled into the gift shop. He hoped the girl at the gate would see him and assume he was leaving through the shop’s own exit. He leafed though a book on velociraptors as he watched her through the window. 
Just before six, the blonde girl repacked her bulging schoolbag, slung it over her shoulder, and waved goodbye to Miss Martha, who was tidying up her concession stand. Then she left, fastening the chain with the hanging Do Not Enter sign between the entrance gates behind her. 
When Helen, the gift-shop lady, ducked down behind her register, Sam reentered the zoo. He silently slid behind the restroom building and crawled under a cluster of overgrown palmetto palms. He would stay there until the place emptied, which might be an hour or four. He did not know. 
At a quarter to nine, the last employee, a sluggish man with a rolling dumpster left and locked the five big, wrought iron gates. A few lights had been left on, but as far as Sam knew, he was the only human—or mostly human—in the park. He strained to listen for man-made sounds in the darkness. Then he counted to five hundred before venturing out of his hiding place. 
The zoo was eerie in its emptiness. Immediately, Sam became aware of the entirely new collection of foreign noises. 
By day, the sounds of the zoo were as familiar as his brothers’ laughter, his grandmother’s humming as she turned the range on under the tea kettle. 
In daylight, often noises can be traced and visually identified. 
But at night sounds seemed magnified in the chilly, limitless darkness. Low guttural croaks and trilling peeps completed for attention like a toddler banging the keys furthest apart on a piano. He felt as though he had stumbled into a crowded playground on Halloween night, for the sounds were voices to him, all seeking something or someone in the ghostly night. 
Sam passed between two massive, opened armed oaks that appeared poised in a game of freeze tag. He flinched at a sudden hoot-hooting that pierced the spooky darkness with avian Morse code. An owl, impatiently waiting for his girlfriend, Fracas, insulted a few nervous moths. Sam heard the angry bray of a hoofed animal that didn’t want to be disturbed by his needy mate. Then, there was the sudden fluttering of a feathered wingspan much too close. 
Things that looked in the daytime just as familiar as his desk or the giant stuffed panda he had won at a carnival, appeared potentially sinister in the inky blackness. Insects frantically orbited the dim lamplights, popping against the humming bulbs. The silhouettes of the swaying shrubbery loomed overheard. Large shadowy patches obscured his sense of direction, forcing him stay on the path to avoid losing his way. 
He hastened his pace. Most of his mammalian friends were snugly bedded down inside their sleeping quarters. The elephant circle looked desolate and uninviting, scrappy in the pale moonlight. Even though he knew he was safe,
Sam felt exposed and entirely defenseless. Humans, even ones with transforming ears, were most definitely diurnal and would not last long in a true nighttime wild. The primate neighborhood was too still. For the first time ever, Sam did not see Gall contemplating a beetle in a shady corner or staring resolutely out from atop his fiberglass precipice. He even missed the harebrained performers, the ridiculous orangutans. Their empty telephone pole perches looked bare, just plucked and spiking high into the night sky like spindly coconut palms after a hurricane. He could not even see into the howler’s lush, cavernous enclosure at all. 
Sam wasted no time when he reached the tamarin pen. He pulled off his sneakers and socks, carefully tucking them under a bench. The easiest way for him to get in to Haggis and Cutie Pie’s island was through the broad band of shallow water. He rolled up his pant legs as far as he could, climbed over the wood railing, and eased his body down into the chilly, dark liquid. 
He gasped as the water shocked his feet and ankles. It was deeper than he had anticipated, nearly coming up to his waist at the middle of the moat. He was thankful for the change of clothes. No doubt his parents would have been suspicious had he returned from the movies sopping wet.


Chapter Twenty Seven
Success


Where would the little scamp hide such a precious treasure? Sam slogged through the lagoon water until he reached the small grassy knoll. On the island, he let the water drain out of his pant legs and got out his flashlights. Then he crossed to the tree that held up the monkey hideout. He pulled himself up on the smooth limbs. By wedging a bare foot into the crux to the tree, he was able to scramble onto the wood platform. 
Sam carefully examined the tree house. He wondered when the monkey had found the key. If Haggis had had it for a long time, he might have made an elaborate hiding place. Certainly, he would not have risked having a keeper find it by accident. 
Back on the ground, Sam sifted through the dirt and undergrowth. He ran his hands around the tree trunk and under every fake rock. Nothing. If the key was tucked somewhere further up in the foliage, he was out of luck. His last hope was to search the indoor sleeping pen and possibly the cagey, little monkey himself. 
The boy, now shaking from the cold, went over to the only door of the pen. The access was half as tall as a normal door and camouflaged to blend into the tropical exhibit. Sam doubted he would be able to get inside. The zoo was amaze of locks and latches. Still, he had to try. 
Sam was astounded when the door gave way. He smiled. Well, of course. No one expected a visitor to enter from the exhibit side of the pen. Maybe there wasn’t even a lock on the access door at all. Probably the monkeys were conditioned to come inside after dark. Their instinct, still honed to avoid danger, might steer them to seek the safest place to sleep. 
Sam splashed the beam around the small room. The cage was bare with only stainless steel self-filling water dispenser anchored to the metal bars between two green plastic food bins. Against the opposite wall, a pair of hammocks hung like clothes drying on a laundry line over slightly raised wooden platform. Sam tripped over a filthy sock monkey doll. The monkeys did not move until he spotlighted each o t hem in their sleeping hammocks. A startled Haggis poked his head up out of his hibiscus print nest. Another lime green with pink polka-dot hammock contained Cutie Pie, but after one quick peek, she ducked back down. 
The brilliant beam momentarily stunned Haggis. Taking advantage of the monkey’s confusion, the boy tucked the flashlight up under his arm and thrust his hands into the folds of the hammock. Haggis’s body was warm and alarmingly hairy. The monkey twisted into a tight ball of tension. Sam plucked the small beast out of his nest. 
 “Hey, who…stop! What are you doing?” the monkey squeaked. “Put me down—”
The golden marmoset struggled to stay curled but Sam pried his arms and legs apart. Suddenly, the boy felt the small hard piece of metal in monkey’s tiny clutches. 
Sam tugged the key free. The flashlight clattered on to the platform then dropped and rolled on the cement floor. Haggis hissed fiendishly. Then he sank his needle sharp teeth deep into the boy’s hand. Sam screamed in pain. He released his grip. The key fell. Sam tried to rip the monkey’s tiny body off his arm. Haggis clung on for another second before leaping off into the darkness. In an instant, both boy and monkey realized neither had the prize. Sam jumped down into a crouching position. He grabbed up the flashlight and swung the beam over the platform planks. 
The spotlight illuminated Cutie Pie. She held the key up, smiling smugly. 
 “Give it, mate!” Haggis yelped. 
 “Not likely,” the female cooed. “Not on your life.” 
 “Cutie Pie,” Sam entreated, wincing in pain, “you must give it to me. Please—for the sake of Balance. You must.” 
Cutie Pie glowered at Sam. Then she flicked her tiny eyes at Haggis. 
 “Why?” she asked her mate. “Why do you need more mates? Aren’t I good enough for you?”
For the second time in less than a week, if it was possible, Sam believed a primate would cry. 
 “You’re no good. You’re lazy and cold,” Haggis spat. 
 “But we used to be so happy, didn’t we? You were my Haggis, my little lion prince. My Golden Prince of the Park.” 
 “You stopped grooming me,” he whimpered. 
Cutie Pie slowly shook her head. “Only because you stopping grooming me first.” 
Sam could not wait. Launching himself at Cutie Pie, he snatched the dangling key with his bloodied hand. Cutie Pie did not resist. 
In a moment, the boy was out of the exhibit door and back into the quiet, starry night. The breeze chilled him to the bone, but Sam did not care. He smiled, letting out a great sigh as he tucked the key safely into his pocket. 


Chapter Twenty Eight
The Cost of Freedom

Sam did not remember exactly how he left the zoo that night. He recalled being very cold and bone tired when his adrenalin rush finally receded. His wounded hand bled off and on, but was not too painful. 
Perhaps he had climbed a tree in the giraffe enclosure. It had been hard to tell as he had looked for the darkest part of the high chain link fence. Somehow, he had shucked off his wet clothes and changed, using numb fingers, shaking nearly uncontrollably in the chilly night. He followed the smaller, quieter streets all the way home. 
Kindlie was waiting up for him in the kitchen in her familiar canary yellow robe. The microwave oven clock said three minutes to midnight. His grandmother rushed to hug him as he slipped inside the back door. 
 “I was worried about you. But then a friend told me you were on your way. You look exhausted.” 
 “A bird?” Sam asked, falling into a chair. 
 “A bat. I speak a little bat, too.” 
 “I had to do it. I had to get a key away from an animal who shouldn’t have had it.” 
 “I know, dearest. I’ve heard all about it. Another hour and I was afraid I was going to have to break in to help you.” 
 “Really? You were?”
 “No, but could you imagine, me coming to your rescue?”
The boy shook his heavy head. 
 “I knew you were going to be okay. I told your parents I’d wait up. That it was probably just a long movie. You know you mustn’t lie, right?”
 “I know, Grandmummy.” 
 “It’s all right. This time. Can I make you some hot chocolate? Some soup?”
 “Any bananas left?”
She grinned. Her eyes twinkled with pride and love. “Well, I believe we’ve an idea of how you are meant to use your gift now. No one at the zoo knows how lucky they are.” Kindlie passed him a banana and joined him at the Formica table. She leaned over and gently cupped both his ears with her soft warm hands. 
 “There are so many lessons to be learned from our animal friends. And a lot to be said for finding a good balance. Let’s hope we find yours soon.” 
Sam chewed the doughy fruit thoughtfully. “In the meantime, promise me that you’ll be careful.” He smiled and nodded, too sleepy for any more words. 

He returned to the zoo four days later. Sam’s hearing had been especially bothersome after his nocturnal adventure, and he had had to wrestle away a fever that proved no less combative than the peeved marmoset. 
To his torment, Pallas had kept him home, worrying that his mystery illness might contribute to an acceleration of his ear problems. Also, she could not understand why a stray Chihuahua would attack her son, the animal lover. 

Sam found Gall sitting cross-legged by the beach, lazily scratching his shoulder blade with a bent twig. Gilly was teaching their son to strip a tasty ginger leaf in a single stroke in a far corner. Their daughters napped in the sun. The park was at peace again. 
 “Gall, did you hear?”
 “Pet,” the Gorilla grinned. His thin black lips spread apart to expose two jagged lines of yellow teeth. “We’ve all been worried. Pet is a very brave animal.” 
Gall’s odd expression momentarily confused Sam. He had never seen a primate truly smile. “It was the only way I could think of to get back the key.” 
Gall nodded, then motioned to the boy’s bandaged hand. 
 “Do you have much pain?”
 “No. It’s fine. The puncture was clean. It’ll heal soon.” 
 “I’m sorry you were wounded. Haggis is in great disgrace.” 
 “It’s okay. Things feel settled now at least.” 
 “Yes. Again, we’re immeasurably grateful. There is no way we could ever repay you. You have saved the zoo once more.” 
Sam blushed, sticking his hands in his pockets. He felt the key. 
 “Gall! I have it. The key. You can free yourself. You can go to the river. Hide into the bayou. You and Gilly and your fam…” his words trickled off. 
Gall tipped his chin upwards. His deep-set eyes sparkled in the sunlight. He turned his head to look at the door of his prison. His wide nostrils flared and he snorted. The gorilla stood up on his hind legs and looked over at his family. 
 “Gall, here. I’ll throw it over.” 
The silverback turned to face Sam solidly. His eyes narrowed. He curled and uncurled his thick, hairy palms. 
 “Watch where it lands.”  The boy stepped back and threw the key as hard as he could. 
The bronze sliver flew across the murky moat and plunked onto the dirt. 
The mighty gorilla knuckled over to the object, but did not pick it up. Slowly, he eased back into a sitting crouch, staring at the key. 
Then Gall swept a great black hand over his face. He lowered his head, turned, and slowly ambled towards the furthest corner of his pen, joining his family by the cropping of artificial boulders. The gorilla sat down, his back towards the boy. Sam was mystified. 

For a long time the silverback did not move. When the sun slipped behind a heavy cloud cover, Sam could no longer see the dull key in the dirt. It had vanished. Eventually he left. He wandered along the dark asphalt trail that meandered through the primate neighborhood deep in thought. His thoughts were interrupted by a low, happy purr. 
The boy looked up. There, on the small wooden platform, a tiny golden lion tamarin was hunched behind his sleepy mate, diligently picking through her luxurious pumpkin colored pelt. 


Chapter Twenty Nine
The Ear Cake


Sam celebrated his tenth birthday at the zoo. After the closing chimes, several keepers and staff members stayed to welcome his family into the park. A maintenance crew had set up a long table that practically buckled under the high heap of tasty goodies, beside the baby Valentine’s exhibit. 
The mound of gifts, all from the zoo’s shop and wrapped in 100 percent recycled paper, were stacking up. Dr. Gaston, Sam’s parents and brothers, Kindlie, and the sweet girl named Susie cheered wildly as the boy successfully blew out eleven candles. The birthday cake was in the shape of a giant gorilla ear, filled with caramel, chocolate chips and silly toy trinkets, all the stuff a really spectacular round window might hold. No mustaches. 
Sam had a wonderful time. The director led everyone about on Samson and Lilly’s backs, late into the evening. The elephants were thrilled to have a role in Sam’s celebration. They even went through their show tricks twice without any prompting to everyone’s amazement. (Well, to everyone who did not speak animal.) Sam thought about what Dr. Gaston had said, about how expensive it would be to breed the elephants. But what if the money could be raised somehow?
For the first time ever, the boy’s entire family was gathered in one place. Having not visited the zoo in years, his human family was charmed by the lush landscaping and sparkling new exhibits. His brothers especially loved the fancy simulator ride and climbing wall. Sam laughed out loud after overhearing Kindlie furtively reprimand a pigeon for trying to let drop its own organic trinket onto the ear cake. Later, he planned on taking his grandmother to meet Ulysses. Sam helped his new friend Susie lure a certain brown-eyed rabbit kitten out from behind a palmetto with a thin carrot stick. He thought Susie was incredible and beautiful and could not wait to introduce her to all of his friends. 
Everything, the zoo, his family, his special gifts seemed in balance. He even felt confident that in time his ears would figure themselves out. 
Sam smiled and for the first time, felt the bizarre, new sprout of his tail wag. 


Acknowledgements

Thank you, Pop, for piloting my earliest adventures into the exotic land of bedtime stories. 
