


About the Book

When James and Jessica are on a family holiday in the far north-west of the Scottish Highlands, they meet Tarben Macaulay, a boy their age who claims he is a Viking, although he seems friendly enough. Just off the coast where they are staying in Puffin Cottage is Arraig Island. When the family comes back from a shopping trip, the island is no longer there. That mystery is quickly solved, but Arraig Island becomes a dangerous place as Jessica and James, helped by Tarben, make two exciting discoveries. Are the strange couple with the campervan really birdwatchers, or do they have another interest in the island?
This is the sixth Two Jays Adventure. They can be read in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

The Lost Island Adventure
The Sixth Two Jays Story
by
Chris Wright
© Chris Wright 2018

This eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-17-9

Also available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-18-6

Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM

Website: www.whitetreepublishing.com

Email: wtpbristol@gmail.com

The Lost Island Adventure is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.

The Bible verses in this story are taken from "The Holy Bible, English Standard Version. ESV® Permanent Text Edition® (2016). Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers."

(See also www.youversion.com for free downloads of over a thousand Bible translations, with over a thousand languages supported, on your phone, tablet, and computer.)




Author’s Note

The small village of Arraig, and the town of Skayness in the far north-west Highlands of Scotland are both imaginary, but the area and scenery are real, although less well populated than perhaps the story suggests. Villages shown on maps are often no more than a handful of houses and no shop.
In the past, many writers of stories about Scotland tried to show the way the Scottish people speak by spelling their words in a way that was not only annoying to read, but often didn’t make sense. So although Tarben and his parents, and all the Scottish people in this story are speaking with a strong Scottish accent, I have left the spelling alone, and put in the occasional Scottish words as a reminder.
I know that my readers are from all around the world, but the story takes place in Britain, so the spelling is UK English. I have tried to keep mention of measurements to a minimum, but it may help to know a mile is 1.6 kilometres. The British car silencer, the reason for the delay in reaching Arraig on time, is called a muffler in some countries, and the boot of a car is called the trunk. Enjoy the story, and you can contact me if you like through the publisher’s email address, but please get your parents’ permission first.
Chris Wright

Table of Contents

Cover
About the book
Note
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
About White Tree Publishing
More books by Chris Wright

Chapter 1

“Here we are at last,” James said, with an exaggerated sigh. “I thought we were never going to make it.”
His cousin, Jessica Green, shook her head. “It’s not your father’s fault,” she had to remind him for what seemed like the tenth time, and probably was. “He didn’t plan for the silencer to hit a rock in the middle of the road and wreck the whole exhaust system.”
James Cooper and his parents had invited Jessica to come with them to an isolated part of the far north-west of Scotland. The plan had been to arrive at the tiny village of Arraig late on Saturday, in time to settle into the crofter’s cottage they had booked on the very edge of the coast.
Unfortunately, it had not been possible to continue the final twenty-five miles of the journey on time, and they had stayed in a small hotel in the coastal town of Skayness on Saturday and Sunday night, until the local garage could get a new exhaust system and fit it first thing on Monday.
James’s mother, Amy, turned to the back seat where James and Jessica, known as the Two Jays, were moving around impatiently. “We’ve only lost two days out of the two weeks that we’re going to be here. Although now I come to think of it, that still gives you twelve days to get into some sort of trouble.”
“What a cheek,” James said. “Trouble? Us? Jessica maybe. Definitely not me, Mum. Hey, Dad, I’ve still got two bars on my phone. I thought you said there wouldn’t be a phone signal here.”
James was examining his phone as they stopped in the small village of Arraig, outside the only food shop around. To their dismay it was closed until Tuesday, and the family needed food. Like the houses in all the tiny villages they had passed through, the single storey stone houses were rendered in cement and painted white. They definitely looked as though they were prepared to withstand the winter storms. It was the final stage of their journey.
Following the satnav they drove down a narrow lane, with occasional passing places for cars, sprinkled here and there with low, single storey cottages. One cottage stood out, with a dark red roof. A man was on a ladder, trying to fix the gutter. He turned and waved.
Then even those buildings ran out, leaving bleak-looking fields on either side, with fencing posts and wire, and overhead electricity and telephone cables strung between tall wooden poles.
James’s father had been looking left and right out of the car window. “According to the satnav this should be the way to the Macaulay’s cottage, where we collect the key. It seems very isolated.”
The high hills were behind them now, and they were entering a flat area of land that ran towards the sea. James’s father studied the satnav again and stopped by a building with a sign that said ACHACHORK COTTAGE.
“James, I’ve only just realised what you were saying. I said we won’t be able to get phone signals at Puffin Cottage. Arraig village is two miles back.”
James wasn’t listening. In his mind, he was trying to work out how anyone could possibly pronounce the name of the cottage. He grinned. “What’s this cottage called, Dad?”
His father shook his head. “Is that a trick question? There will be all sorts of Scottish place names and words we won’t be able to pronounce correctly. Don’t even try it. We don’t want to offend the Macaulays the moment we get here. I looked Achachork up on the internet, and it’s a place on the Island of Skye, which is way off to the south-west from here.”
Achachork Cottage was another low building, also painted white, with replacement windows. Like the cottages they had already passed, it also looked as though it would defy the Atlantic storms.
James guessed that Puffin Cottage was the solitary white building in front of them, right on the coast where it must be even more at risk from bad weather. Perhaps it was like Great Aunt Judy’s house on the top of the cliff in Wales, although Puffin Cottage, if that was it, was at sea level and not in any danger of falling into the sea. But it might fall down if the wind was strong enough. [See The Cliff Top Adventure.]
The dark green front door of Achachork Cottage opened and Jessica watched a fair-haired woman, wearing a pale blue denim dress, hurry across to the car. She looked about the same age as James’s parents. Mr Cooper lowered the window.
“Oh, you poor things,” the woman said. “When you phoned to say you’d be delayed, I told Mr Macaulay it was a terrible start to anyone’s holiday. Anyway, by the sound of the engine you’ve got the car fixed now. I’m Mrs Macaulay. But please call me Morag.”
Morag Macaulay spoke with a strong Scottish accent, and Jessica struggled to understand all she was saying. She’d heard Scottish people talking on television, but this accent was stronger than anything she’d come across before. Perhaps it was how everyone spoke in these remote places. Jessica caught James glancing across at her, and he winked at her and shrugged. He was obviously having the same problem.
Jessica heard Morag Macaulay give some instructions to her Uncle Clive, and at least he seemed to understand them.
“What was all that about?” James asked, when Morag Macaulay had gone. “Something about her car. Is that right?”
His father nodded. “Mrs Macaulay is going to lead the way in her car. It’s the Scottish accent. Get used to it. Ah, here she is.”
A dark blue battered Land Rover swung round the corner with Morag Macaulay at the wheel. Mr Cooper started the engine and followed a quarter of a mile down a bumpy lane that had grass growing down the middle, with large rounded boulders on each side that had been cleared to make way for vehicles.
“We’ll probably need another new exhaust before this holiday is over,” he said grimly. “Only joking. I hope.”
Jessica stared ahead. “Puffin Cottage, here we come.” Then she added quietly under her breath, so that her aunt and uncle wouldn’t hear, “At last!”
James seemed to have remarkably good hearing, and he looked at her and nodded with a smile, but fortunately he didn’t make any comment.
The high hills, almost mountains, were behind them now. James looked at the bleak, flat landscape of grass and rocks, sprinkled here and there with yellow and dark pink flowers. Tall sea grass covered the top part of a small beach of golden sand, and in the distance to the south, a small white painted cottage was the only sign of civilisation.
Arraig was set back in the coastline, between two long fingers of high land running out westwards into the Atlantic. The houses would be sheltered from anything but westerly gales, but James thought there were probably plenty of those, because everything looked windswept.
“It’s sort of crazy and wild,” he said. “Much wilder than I expected. There’s no one around, and we can’t even use our phones if we need help.”
“Why would we want help?” Jessica asked, checking her phone and noticing that she had no signal either.
James bit his bottom lip and shook his head slowly. “I think Puffin Cottage is probably a gingerbread house, and Morag Macaulay is a witch. When we get inside she’s going to lock us up and eat us one by one.”
“I wish you wouldn’t say things like that, James,” Jessica said.
“You young people today don’t know you’re born with modern communication,” Mr Cooper said, ignoring James’s make-believe fears, or perhaps deliberately changing the subject. “There were no such things as mobile phones when mum and I were your age.”
Jessica was glad of the change of subject. James had a gruesome mind at times, and he said things as though he meant them. Perhaps he did. “How did you get in touch with your friends when you were young, Uncle Clive?” she asked.
“Smoke signals, wasn’t it, Dad?” James said.
His father laughed. “Only when I was very small. Smoke signals were a slow way of contacting people. By the time I was your age we used drums, which were much faster.”
“Wow,” James said. “That must have been like high-speed internet.”
Before his father could come up with a suitable retort, Morag Macaulay stopped her Land Rover on a large area of light grey gravel, in front of a low building surrounded by a wall built of grey and fawn stone blocks. A sign on the wall said PUFFIN COTTAGE.
“Dad,” James said as he jumped from the car, “this is absolutely amazing. Look over there. There’s an island to explore.” Then he added, “If we can get over to it.”
Immediately beyond Puffin Cottage James could see a beach of golden sand and grey pebbles. Just beyond the beach a narrow island, perhaps twice as long as two football pitches, shimmered in the morning sun as white-topped waves broke around it.
“We could swim over to it,” James said, turning round to find no one was listening. Jessica and his parents had followed Morag into the cottage, and James was in no hurry to join them. He’d generously let the witch eat them first.
There were two proper bedrooms. His parents had the larger one and Jessica the other. Like the old cottage in Sheppingford they had stayed in last summer, James discovered that his bed was in a room not much larger than a cupboard. [See The Two Jays Adventure.]
Morag Macaulay showed his parents what was where in the kitchen, and how to turn on the gas cylinder for the cooker. James noticed that his parents seemed pleased with the arrangements, which always came as a relief wherever they went. After all, this was a holiday for the whole family, not just for him and Jessica.
“We’ve got to drive back to Skayness to stock up on supplies,” his father told Morag, also looking relieved that all was well in the cottage. “I thought the small shop in Arraig village would be open today. I like to support local business when I can. But we’ve discovered it’s closed on Mondays, and we’re going to need food for this evening and for breakfast tomorrow.”
James nodded. “We certainly are. Can Jessica and I stay here while you go? I’m thinking we could swim across to the island.”
His father shook his head. “Absolutely out of the question, James. We’ve no idea what the currents are like round here. If you’re going to swim, we need to check it out first. But I’m certainly not having you both swimming over to the island. The water here will be very cold and you might get cramp.”
Morag Macaulay had been listening. “Yes, if this is your first time this far north I think you’ll find the water here in Scotland a wee bit colder than you’re expecting. Tarben might take you there in the wee boat one day at high tide, if you want to get there by sea.”
“Tarben?” the Two Jays said together, looking at each other.
“Who’s Tarben?” Jessica asked.
“And why at high tide?” James asked. “Isn’t it safe at any other time?”
“Tarben is our son,” Morag said. “He’s up on the brae with the sheep at the moment. He helps the local farmer at times. He’s a Viking.”
“Tarben, or the farmer?” James asked, trying to hide a smile, and not making a very good job of it. Jessica gave him a nudge, and he burst out laughing. “Sorry, Mrs Macaulay, but I thought you said someone is a Viking.”
“You must call me Morag, too,” Morag Macaulay said, looking a little puzzled, but managing to return the smile. “Our son Tarben is the Viking, and he’s proud of it. Farmer Laurie, who lives up the brae behind us, carved a wooden figurehead of a dragon from a Viking longship for Tarben, because he knows how proud Tarben is to be a Viking.”
“I don’t understand how your son can be a Viking,” Jessica said.
Morag Macaulay smiled again. “You’ll have to ask him about it when you meet. I hope you get on well together. All I ask is that you don’t laugh when he tells you he’s a Viking. He’s very proud of it.”
James hoped he wouldn’t, but he thought it might be difficult not to. He pictured a boy with long blond hair wearing a helmet with horns, rowing a small boat over to the island, with the head of a dragon on the front.
“Come on, you two,” James’s father said, “let’s get everything unloaded and indoors. It’s going to take us more than an hour to get back to Skayness. For all I know there’s only one supermarket there. It was open earlier, so I hope it’s open all day.”
Mrs Macaulay nodded. “Aye, you’re right there, Mr Cooper. There is only one, and it is open all day.”
“Please call me Clive,” James’s father said. “And this is Amy, my wife. And James is our son, and this is Jessica. Her mother is my sister.”
Morag Macaulay looked from Jessica to James, and back to Jessica. “Jessica has fair hair, like Tarben, and James’s hair is dark. Of course,” she said, “cousins aren’t usually alike, and I certainly can’t see any family resemblance at all between these two.”
“I’m glad about that,” Jessica said quietly.
“Me too,” James added loudly, making a face at his cousin.
“Thank you for making us so welcome, Morag,” James’s mother said. “And for making the cottage so delightful. I’m sure we’re going to be very happy here. But now, if you’ll excuse us, my husband is right. We need to unpack our things and get back to Skayness to stock up on supplies. We didn’t bring food with us, as the car was full with our luggage.”
“Let me know when you’re back,” Morag Macaulay said. “Tarben should be down from the farm by then, and I’ll send him to see you. It will be good for him to have someone his age around here in the holidays.”
As they got back into the car, Jessica grinned and whispered to James, “I can’t wait to meet a real Viking. I hope he’s not too fierce!”

Chapter 2

The town of Skayness was slightly larger than they’d realised on their way through an hour or so earlier, but it was still small, and there was only one supermarket, not nearly as big as those at home.
While Mr and Mrs Cooper shopped for food, Jessica followed James around the town. They bought a couple of magazines in the newsagents, and browsed through a bargain store selling just about anything anyone could want, apart from food.
Jessica looked at her phone. “If you want to make a phone call today, this could be your last chance,” she said. “After that, we can only keep in touch with each other with the walkie-talkies your dad has bought. Or with jungle drums.”
“It’ll be fun to use the walkie-talkies for real,” James said, “rather than testing them in the back garden. They’re supposed to have a range of three or four miles, so they’re better than toys. When we go out on our own we must remember to take one of the handsets with us. I suppose they might come in handy if we get into difficulties.”
Jessica laughed. “Not that we ever do!”
James smiled. “Of course not. Never. Although I suppose they would have come in handy in Derbyshire in that old tunnel.” [See The Dark Tunnel Adventure.] He thought for a moment. “Or anywhere else we’ve been on holiday together, where we couldn’t get a phone signal.”
They found a small church built of dark stone. They looked around inside for a few minutes, but found the plain interior rather gloomy with the dark stone walls and small windows.
“I think they call a church a kirk in Scotland,” Jessica said. “It might be better on Sunday when it’s got people in it. Come on, your parents will be wondering where we are.”
“I hope they’re still in the supermarket,” James said thoughtfully. “I should have given them a list of food we need.”
“Food you need, you mean,” Jessica said.
James nodded. “That’s exactly what I meant.”
His parents were waiting in the car park by the time they got to the supermarket. “Did you get us any treats?” James asked.
“We got you a Scottish haggis all to yourself,” his mum said, laughing.
“What’s a haggis?” James asked.
Jessica pulled a face to show her disgust. “Don’t you know?”
James shook his head. “Go on then, Jessica, tell me.”
Jessica put her hands to the stomach and leaned over, pretending to be sick. “It’s all the nasty bits of a sheep’s insides, chopped up and sewn up in the sheep’s stomach.”
“Jessica,” her Auntie Amy said, “I might expect that sort of description from James, but not from you!”
“Oh, Jessica,” James said in a sad voice, “how the mighty have fallen.” He turned to his mother. “It’s not really, is it, Mum?”
His mother nodded. “You know my philosophy on life. Always try something new. You never know, you might like it.” Then seeing the expression on James’s face, she burst out laughing. “Jessica was right with her description, but she could have made it sound more edible.”
James turned to Jessica. “Leave me a small bit of yours to try.”
Jessica shook her head. “You can have the whole lot.”
“So generous,” James said. Then, “Did you buy any other delicacies, Mum?”
“A jar of local heather honey,” his father said. “The supermarket didn’t have anything local, but we got it from the little shop across the way while we were waiting for you. Heather honey is supposed to be extremely good for you, especially if it’s not been processed and the pollen taken out. Heather has been known for its antiseptic healing properties since prehistoric times.”
“Yummy, sounds good,” Jessica said. “And keep the butter knife out of it, James. Remember to use the spoon.”
“And you can use a spoon with your haggis, if you think it’s so yummy,” James retorted.
His mother laughed. “We didn’t really buy one, James. Not all Scottish people think it’s that great, so you’re in good company.”
The town was in a low-lying part of the coast, with mountains to the south, east, and north. A river ran through the main street, although it wasn’t much more than a trickle.
“I think they call a river like this a burn,” Mr Cooper said, as they stood on the road bridge over it. “If we came in the early spring it would be full of water from the melting snow coming down from the mountains.”
James gave a pretend shiver. “It’s not exactly hot here today, so I can’t imagine what it must be like in the winter, with the whole place covered in snow up to everyone’s necks.”
“I don’t think it gets as bad as that by the coast,” his mother said, laughing. “Although I have to admit, lovely as it is here, I’m glad we live somewhere warmer.”
As they drove out of the town on the coast road, the car boot now full of groceries, James looked back at the mountains. “Are they old volcanoes?”
“You’ve got a thing about volcanoes,” Jessica said.
“It’s because I’ve never seen one,” James told her. “I’d like to see a real, live one, with red-hot lava spewing out and running down the sides.”
“Aunty Amy,” Jessica said, “please tell James not to say spewing. It sounds disgusting.”
“It’s what volcanoes do,” James said, looking serious. “They spew out lava. I read it in a book. Perhaps these mountains will spew out lava while we’re here.”
His father shook his head. “Not a chance, although these hills are mostly made from igneous rocks. It was molten when it came up long ago from deep in the ground, but they’re not exactly volcanoes. Edinburgh is a volcano, and so is Snowdon in Wales. But they’re very old ones.”
Jessica frowned. “Then I’m glad we don’t live in Edinburgh. Just imagine if we woke up one morning and found lava....” She paused to think of a nicer-sounding word. “And found lava running out of a volcano.”
“You mean spewing,” James said. “Lava doesn’t run out, it spews out. Everyone knows that. But I didn’t realise Snowdon was once a volcano. That means it might be hollow in the middle. I know now what I’m going to do to be famous. On our next holiday I’m going to be the first person to climb Snowdon.”
Jessica groaned and shook her head. “Snowdon has been climbed thousands of times, James. Probably millions. How can you be the first? I expect old grannies make it to the top every week.”
“I didn’t make it clear,” James explained. “They all climb it on the outside. If Snowdon was once a volcano, I’m going to be the first person to climb it on the inside.”
“James,” his mother said, as everyone laughed, “I hope you’re not going to be silly the whole time we’re away.”
“He always is,” Jessica said. “He can’t help it. I think we ought to feel sorry for him.”
They stopped at Achachork Cottage to let Morag Macaulay know they were back, and she said Tarben would be down soon from the brae to see them.
As they drove down the bumpy lane, with everyone listening anxiously for something catching the exhaust system again, James suddenly pointed ahead. “You’ve come the wrong way, Dad. This isn’t the way to Puffin Cottage.”
“Of course it is, James,” his father said. “There it is, just ahead.”
James frowned. “That’s strange. If that’s Puffin Cottage, where has the island gone? It was here before we went out!”

Chapter 3

Everyone got out of the car and stared out to sea in surprise. Where Arraig Island had been before they went to Skayness to get the food, a finger of land now ran out into the sea.
“It looks like the island on the end of it,” James said, frowning. “But where has the sea gone? Remember, we talked about swimming over to it.”
“It isn’t an island at all,” Jessica said, her long fair hair blowing in the breeze. She made a note to herself to tie it into a ponytail before they went far, because it kept getting in her eyes. “See, there’s much more beach now. The tide has gone out, that’s all.”
“Arraig Island?” James demanded. “It’s really just a peninsular. The Arraig Peninsula. Or maybe it should be called the Lost Island, because it was an island, and now it’s not an island anymore.”
“Come and give us a hand, you two,” Mrs Cooper called. “Don’t stand there staring out to sea in a dream. There’s food to carry into the cottage, and our luggage is still in a heap on the floor. Everything has to be put away neatly. As soon as everything is shipshape, you can go off and explore.”
“I want to explore the island,” James said. “Come on, Jessica, the sooner we lend a hand, the sooner we can get over there.”
“Hold your horses, my lad,” his mother said. “Any minute now the tide could come in again and you’d be cut off over there for hours. Under no circumstances are you to go across to the island until we know more about the tides. Are you absolutely clear about that?”
The Two Jays nodded.	
“You’re right, Mum. Not only would we be cut off,” James said, “we wouldn’t have any food either. I’ve heard of people starving to death on desert islands.”
“Good, I’m glad we understand each other,” Mrs Cooper said. “We need to work out the tide times with the Macaulays before you set foot on it. Jessica, love, take this bag into the cottage, please. It’s got eggs in it and I don’t want James dropping them.” And she winked at Jessica.
With four willing hands unloading the shopping and stowing everything away in the cottage, the Two Jays were soon free. As they left the cottage, Mrs Cooper called out, “Hats and sun cream, both of you!”
“Oh, Mum,” James said, “it’s not hot.”
“It’s the sun, my lad, not the heat. People get sunburnt at the North Pole.”
Jessica ran back for the hats and cream. She applied the sun cream and tossed the tube over to James. “Catch! And use plenty, boy. We don’t want you laid up with sunburn, screaming in agony for the whole two weeks we’re here.”
James reached out and caught the tube with a groan. “Thanks for the advice, Grandma Jessica.”
The waves they had seen earlier had died away, and gentle ones were now lapping the shore. The causeway across to the island, for James realised that must be what it was, seemed to be made up of pebbles and huge boulders, with sand in places.
He picked up a stone and lobbed it at a small rock poking out of the water far out from the shore. It missed by a mile.
“What’s that buzzing?” he asked, turning round to look back at Puffin Cottage.
He noticed a red and black quad bike coming down the bumpy lane, a small cloud of brown dust following it. Someone wearing a red helmet came onto the beach and slid an old and battered black quad bike to a halt by their side.
The rider, a boy about their age, took off his helmet and grinned at them. “I’m Tarben,” he said. “Tarben Macaulay. I’m a Viking.”
James looked at the boy closely. He was wearing a brown T-shirt with the name of a farm wholesaler on it, and a pair of blue jeans cut off just below the knee and left ragged. He didn’t look anything like a Viking, except perhaps for his long blond hair which was probably bleached by his outdoor life in the sun and the sea. If Tarben was crazy, why was he allowed to ride a quad bike around the place?
“What sort of a Viking?” James asked warily, keeping a safe distance between himself and the boy.
“A real Viking,” Tarben said proudly. He switched off the engine, making talk easier, with no longer any need to raise their voices.
James stared. The helmet was an ordinary motorcycle helmet, with no horns coming out at the sides. But Tarben did at least have blond hair, although that hardly qualified anyone to call themselves a Viking.
“I can prove it,” Tarben Macaulay said. “I’ve got DNA.”
James tried to catch Jessica’s eye, but she was staring in fascination at the newcomer. “We’ve all got DNA,” James said cautiously.
“But I’ve got Viking DNA,” Tarben said. “My father has the M17 marker. That’s a gene inherited from the Vikings. My father and my mother come from lines of Vikings stretching back to the tenth century in Norway.”
James frowned. Norway didn’t sound right, but he didn’t want to upset the son of the owner of Puffin Cottage. “I thought Vikings came from Denmark,” he said. “Are you sure they came from Norway.”
Tarben smiled, and he certainly didn’t look weird. “You’re thinking of the Vikings who invaded the east of England. The Vikings who came round here to the north-west of Scotland came from Norway. I’ve got DNA going back, back, and back. My father’s family always said they’d come from the Vikings, and six months ago we all did a DNA test. Not only my father’s, but my mother’s DNA showed a high percentage of Norwegian ancestry.” He spoke with a Scottish accent just as strong as his mother’s.
Convinced now that Tarben was sane, James nodded and went forward and shook his hand. “Great,” he said, “I’m impressed. Really impressed.”
“My mum said I have to come and see you,” Tarben said. “You both seem quite sensible for English.” And he laughed quickly to make it clear he was joking with them. “Sassenachs say it’s hard to understand what we say up here. Something about the way we speak.” He must have noticed James and Jessica looking puzzled. “Sassenachs is an insulting word for the English, but you don’t look too bad.” And he smiled in a friendly way.
“I’m sure we’ll get used to the accent,” Jessica said, staring in fascination at the young Viking with thick blond hair that hung in ruffled strands almost to his shoulders. “I expect you’ll find it just as hard to understand us at times. I’m Jessica, and this is my cousin, James.”
Tarben nodded, but he didn’t try to shake hands with her. He looked a little embarrassed. “Do you guys want to come across to the island?”
James shook his head. “My parents aren’t sure it’s safe.”
Tarben looked surprised. “Och, it’s safe enough when the tide is out.”
James glanced across the causeway to the rocky mound of green grass, covered with boulders with orange tops. Arraig Island. At least, it was an island when the tide was in. “Why is it called an island?” he asked.
“It was an island when we go got here earlier,” Jessica said.
“Aye,” Tarben said, “it was, but Arraig Island is only cut off from the mainland for about six hours twice a day. That’s three hours before, and three hours after high tide. The causeway isn’t natural. Some people think the Vikings built it, or maybe people before that. Jump on the back of my bike. It’s a bit of a bumpy ride, but I’ll take you over there now.”
James shook his head. “It’s not that we don‘t trust you, but my mum and dad are worried about us getting cut off. They want to find out more about the tides from your parents. Anyway, it doesn’t look as though there’s any room for us on the back of your quad bike.”
“I can take the lassie across first,” Tarben offered, nodding to Jessica.
The “lassie” shook her head. “Maybe tomorrow,” she said cautiously, not wanting to upset Tarben.
Tarben looked rather offended by Jessica’s caution. “Suit yourselves,” he said, turning the key and starting the noisy engine. “I’ll maybe see you the maun. Tomorrow,” he explained, as they frowned. “And you can come up to ma bit, my house, and see the wooden carving that Farmer Laurie did for me.” He swung the quad bike round on the beach, spraying grey grit and yellow sand out from under the back wheels as he accelerated away.
James looked longingly across at the island. The tide was still going out, so surely it would be safe to cross. And if they did get trapped over there, Tarben said the island was only cut off for a total of six hours by the tide. But it would certainly be safer to go on foot than on the back of Tarben’s quad bike.
“I’ve never met a real Viking before,” Jessica said in deep thought. “I wonder if he’ll let me take his photograph.”
“Tell him to get a haircut first,” James said. “I thought I had thick hair, but Tarben’s is completely over the top.”
“Over the top and all down the sides,” Jessica said with a grin. “I think it suits him. How else would you expect a Viking to wear his hair?”
James picked up a stone and aimed again at the rock. This one landed slightly closer. “I wonder what Vikings really looked like,” he said, picking up yet another stone and weighing it carefully in his hand. This one splashed into the water even closer, but the rock was still in no danger of being hit.
“Fierce, I expect,” Jessica said. “I think the Vikings were warriors.”
James nodded. “I think they were at first, but they must have settled here if Tarben and his family are descended from Vikings. Perhaps they never wore helmets, even though they are shown wearing them in pictures.”
Jessica picked up a stone and hit the small rock in the centre. “Look at that. Bull’s-eye! I’ve definitely seen pictures of Vikings wearing helmets with big horns sticking out of them. Viking warriors, not their children.”
Not to be outdone, James picked up a smaller stone and managed to hit the water just beyond the rock. Slightly less force and he would have hit the target. Easily. “Perhaps Vikings had long thick hair like Tarben, and it just looks like helmets in old pictures.”
“And what about the horns, James? By the way, you’re rubbish at throwing.”
James decided to ignore his cousin’s criticism. He was surprised how skilful Jessica was. Of course, it could have been luck. She hadn’t tried throwing another one. “My theory is that their thick hair looks like helmets in old pictures, and they had horns growing out of their heads.” He dodged out of Jessica’s reach. “Come on, let’s go back to Puffin Cottage. I’m feeling hungry. There must be something ready to eat by now. I think you’re having haggis.”

Chapter 4

With no television and no internet, Jessica thought that the evenings might drag in a boring way. James said the Macaulays could have been considerate and installed a satellite dish, but his mother told him firmly, “We haven’t come all this way to a remote place in stunning scenery to watch TV!” However, his parents had brought all sorts of entertainment from board games to books.
Both Mr and Mrs Cooper had eBook-readers with a range of downloaded stories, and if they ran out of things to read they said they could top them up at the Macaulays where they had a rather slow internet. Both Jessica and James had eBook apps and games on their phones, although for most of the evening they struggled playing each other at chess which they had both been learning at their schools.
James woke in a panic in the night, reaching out and feeling the wall each side of his narrow bed. He’d been dreaming he was trapped underground, and he nearly shouted out as he sat up. Fortunately, enough moonlight was coming through the thin curtains for him to see where he really was. He never felt comfortable under the ground, and it certainly came as a relief to know he was indoors, and cold rock walls weren’t about to crush him.
Before his parents were up, he and Jessica were dressed and making their way to the beach. The wind blew gently in from the west. The rising tide had nearly covered the causeway, and the Lost Island would soon be Arraig Island again.
“Dad says we can go across this afternoon,” James said. “But we have to take one of the walkie-talkies and leave the other with them. Just in case something goes wrong.”
“You mean like you might go the wrong way on the causeway and get lost?”
James ignored his cousin’s sarcasm. “He thought you might fall in the sea and get washed over to.... What’s the next piece of land out there? America?”
“I think it’s the Outer Hebrides.” Jessica peered into the distance. The faint smudge on the horizon might be land, or it might be clouds. It was too far away to tell. “We might all be able to take a trip to one of the big islands. Tarben could take us there in his wee boat, as his mother calls it.”
James decided not to throw any stones today, not while Jessica was watching. “We’d need something bigger than Tarben’s wee boat. Perhaps he’s got a Viking longship moored up somewhere around here. We could have a family outing. You and Dad could do the rowing, and I could use the whip.”
The rocks below the high tide waterline were covered in black seaweed, and some of the rocks well above the waterline on the beach had a strange orange growth on them, although the huge boulders dotting the landscape of Arraig Island had even more orange on them. James supposed it was some sort of lichen.
“What do you think those white birds are?” Jessica asked, pointing out to sea to a flock flying in an excited circle.
“Seagulls,” James said.
“I didn’t think they were crows,” Jessica said, sighing. “Wrong colour. They look a bit like pelicans, but they’re pure white and smaller.”
As James watched, one of them folded its wings and went into a vertical high-speed dive, crashing into the water headfirst. It emerged a few seconds later with a small fish in its beak. One after the other the birds began to dive from a height, dropping headfirst, their long necks held out straight as they hit the water with a splash.
“Maddie would know,” Jessica said, thinking of the friend they had met in their last holiday adventure. [See The Old House Adventure.] “She knows a lot about birds, but maybe not so much about seabirds. I didn’t bother to bring my phone this morning because we can’t get a signal. If the birds are still here later, I’ll take some photographs and see if I can magnify them on the screen enough for Maddie to see.” She frowned. “Is there a bird called a gannet? It sort of rings a bell.”
James watched in fascination as one after the other the birds dropped like stones into the sea. There was probably a shoal of fish out there that had attracted a flock of whatever they were. He thought it was a wonder they didn’t hurt themselves, diving so fast from such a height, but they seemed to know what they were doing.
“Hey, Jessica, I wonder if there are any puffins around here. There ought to be, with their name on the cottage. I’d recognise them straight away, with their large coloured beaks.”
Then he realised if there were puffins on the island, they’d see them when they got there in the afternoon – although of course it wouldn’t be an island, because the tide would be out and they could walk across safely. He felt Jessica catch hold of his arm, making him jump.
“Don’t turn round and look,” Jessica said quietly, “but we’re being watched.”
For once, James managed to refrain from turning. “Tarben?”
“I don’t think it was here last night, but there’s an old white campervan parked further round the bay. And two people are staring at us through binoculars.”
Ignoring Jessica’s instructions, James turned quickly. “The nosy pair. I’m going to wave to them.” And he raised his arm and waved as though they were friends and he recognised them.
The couple, a tall man and a short woman, quickly put their binoculars away and disappeared out of sight behind their van.
“Holidaymakers I suppose,” Jessica said. “That’s a nuisance. I was hoping we’d have Arraig Island to ourselves.”
James picked up a small, flat shell with what looked like mother of pearl on the inside. “Well, they weren’t here yesterday, and they’ll probably go on somewhere else today. Do you think this shell could be valuable?”
Before Jessica could answer, they turned at the sound of an engine coming down the track to the beach. “Hey, look,” James said, “it’s Tarben again.”
Tarben drove onto the beach at speed, braked, did a one-eighty, scattering sand and pebbles, and came to a halt by them. He took off his red helmet and grinned. He pointed to the island. “Ready to go?”
Jessica frowned. “But the tide has just covered the causeway.”
Tarben grinned. “I’m taking you in the boat. I know how to handle boats.”
And you know how to handle a quad bike, too, James felt like saying. He was annoyed that Tarben was showing off, probably for Jessica’s sake. “Thanks, Tarben, but my dad says it’s okay for us to walk across later, as long as we go while the tide is still going out. Your mother has now written down the times of the high and low tides for us. It’s all roughly an hour later every day. High and low tide, I mean.”
Tarben seem to be distracted by the sight of the campervan on the raised ground at the far end of the beach. “Not them again,” he muttered. “They were here last year.”
“Who are they?” Jessica asked. “And is it okay if we call you Ben?”
Tarben shook his head vigorously, scattering his blond hair in all directions, reminding James of a dog with long hair coming out of the water and shaking itself dry. “My name is Tarben,” he said proudly. “Tarben means Thunder Bear.” He looked a bit sheepish when he noticed Jessica’s surprised expression, and he grinned. “It’s an old Viking name. It’s been used several times in my family over the past few hundred years. But no one ever shortens it.”
James wondered if Tarben grew his hair wild because he thought it made him look like a bear to suit his name, but he wondered about the thunder bit. He kept quiet.
“Sorry, Tarben,” Jessica said. She pointed to the campervan. “So who are they?”
Tarben shook his head again. “No idea. They were hanging around here for a whole week last year. They said they were ornithologists. You know, interested in the birdlife around here. But they didn’t seem to know much. And they didn’t even dress the part.”
James wasn’t sure how people interested in birdlife should dress, but Tarben had seen them close up, so obviously something had raised his suspicions. “They were watching us with binoculars,” he said. “When we waved, they hurried behind the van. Very strange.”
Tarben pointed to the campervan. “If they’re still around, let’s go and talk to them. Here, jump on the back of my quad bike, and I’ll take you.”
James shook his head. “We’ll walk, I think. It’s not like there’s extra seats, or even helmets for us.” He wasn’t going to say that Tarben looked a bit wild in the way he rode the bike, and the stunts that Tarben pulled would be even more risky with passengers on board.
“Suit yourselves.” Tarben didn’t seem hurt by James’s implied criticism. “I’ll leave my bike here and we’ll walk together. It will only take a few minutes. Okay?”
“It’s a fun bike,” Jessica said, “but James is right. We wouldn’t all fit on there safely. Is it really yours?”
“It was my dad’s,” Tarben said, “but after his accident he can’t ride it. Have you met my dad?”
James and Jessica shook their heads.
Tarben nodded. “When you do, you’ll understand.”
The sand and the grey pebbles crunched under their feet as they walked towards the white campervan. The westerly wind was picking up now, blowing a fine spray from the breakers running up the beach with the incoming tide. The man and the woman had not reappeared.
When they reached the van, James and Jessica hung back, not sure what to do, but Tarben, the “Thunder Bear,” went forward and knocked on the door. Loudly.
“Hello again,” he called. “It’s Tarben Macaulay.”
Jessica caught hold of Tarben’s arm. “They’re over there, lying down with their binoculars pointing at the island, but I think they know we’re here. I saw them looking.”
“It’s Tarben, Tarben Macaulay,” the Viking called out to them as he waved. “We met last year.”
The man stood up slowly. “We are allowed to park here,” he said defensively. “We’re birdwatching, looking for rare species of gull in the north of Scotland.”
Jessica immediately felt interested. Maddie Quedgley had given her an interest in birds two months ago at the archaeological site where her father had been working. “What sort of gulls?” she asked.
The woman stood up from where she had been lying on the grass facing the sea, a small camera by her side. Jessica understood now what Tarben meant about their clothes. They were dressed in white and fawn. Hardly suitable gear for birdwatching. Camouflage clothing would be better. Or perhaps seagulls were less distracted by white clothes.
“Oh, this and that,” the woman said vaguely. “Why, are you interested in seabirds?”
“We’ve got a friend who is,” Jessica said. “I’m sure she’d love to be here. We were wondering what those large white birds are that keep diving into the water from high up. I sort of think they’re called gannets. Are they?”
The man looked angry. “Please don’t disturb us while we’re staking out the birds. But I’m sure we don’t need to tell you that, if you’re interested in birdlife.”
James, Jessica and Tarben stood still in surprise as the couple turned their backs on them and lay down once more, facing the island. They obviously didn’t like the questions.
Tarben nodded to the Two Jays to come away with him. “See,” he said, “I told you they were acting suspiciously. They said last year they were looking for birds, but I never saw them with a telephoto lens or wearing any special clothing. I’ve seen genuine birdspotters with long telescopes on small tripods.”
“And they didn’t have anything like that today,” James said. “Did you see their camera? Jessica’s phone would take better pictures than that. She used it to catch two men at Midnight Farm in Cornwall at Easter.” [See The Midnight Farm Adventure.]
Jessica beckoned to them to come further away. “They probably just want a quiet time here, without us bothering them. We need to get back for breakfast. My uncle and aunt will be wondering where we are.”
As she spoke, a loud warble played in the pocket of James’s jeans. He pulled out an orange and black handset. “Our walkie-talkie,” he explained to Tarben. “It was my dad’s idea to keep in touch, in case we run into any sort of trouble. I’ve only got it with me now so we know when breakfast is ready.” He laughed. “Wouldn’t want to miss that!”
His father told him and Jessica to hurry back. “Good timing,” James said to Tarben. “Okay, Dad, we’re on our way. Keep the haggis warm for Jessica. She’s really looking forward to it. Over.”
Tarben raised his eyebrows. “Lucky you, Jessica. I wish I had some haggis for breakfast. Can I come back with you?”
James smiled. “It’s a family joke. I can’t think of anything more disgusting at this time of the morning – or any time of the day or night for that matter.”
“Are you serious?” Tarben asked in amazement.
James nodded. “Of course. Jessica told me what it’s made from.”
“What did she tell you?”
James bit his lip. Perhaps Jessica had been messing around. “You tell me, Tarben.”
“It’s a type of pudding. It’s got sheep's heart, liver and lungs, mixed with onion, oatmeal, suet, spices, and salt.”
James nodded. “That’s even worse than Jessica said. And isn’t it sewn up in the sheep’s stomach before it’s cooked?”
“Not always. It can sometimes have an artificial casing. You don’t eat the casing.”
And I don’t eat what’s inside the casing either, James thought to himself.
“James,” Jessica said urgently, “we have to get back to Puffin Cottage.”
Glad not to be involved in an argument about Scottish food and tastes, James said, “Sorry, Tarben. We’re walking to the village this morning and going up into the hills, but let’s meet here when the tide is out this afternoon. You can show us round the island.”
“I will, if I’m free. Call at Achachork Cottage on your way back and see if I’m there, and I can show you my dragon figurehead.”
James tried to pronounce Achachork in his head, but he was unable to make it sound anything like Tarben said it, and he certainly wasn’t going to say it out loud. He’d just have to refer to Tarben’s house as, “Your place.”
“And don’t worry about not liking the haggis,” Tarben said. “It’s very Scottish. There are probably some English foods I’d hate.”
“How about Chinese?” James said, thinking Tarben had probably never tried it, as there was unlikely to be a Chinese restaurant or takeaway within fifty miles of Arraig.
“James,” Jessica said, laughing. “Tarben said English!”

Chapter 5

“This honey is good.” James took a bite of his thick white toast when he and Jessica got back to Puffin Cottage for breakfast. “Excellent choice, Dad.”
The family sat around a small round table that hardly had room for their plates, toast rack, butter and honey.
James picked up the jar for a closer look at the label. “Something Heather Honey from the Scottish hills,” he read. “I can’t read the first word. Someone’s smudged it with a greasy finger. Probably you, Jessica.”
He put the jar back on the table and Jessica immediately picked it up. “And the smudged word is Pure.” She looked in the jar. “Only it isn’t pure. It contains a fair helping of butter as well as honey. Hmmm, I wonder who that could have done that ... James.”
“You can’t use a spoon to get runny honey out of the jar.” James explained, shaking his head. “Too much stays on the spoon. If I put it back in the jar it would sink to the bottom and make the handle sticky. And if I put it on a plate, the honey would run off and that’s a waste. I’ve been doing everyone a favour, using my knife.”
“Enough, enough, James,” Mr Cooper said. “When everyone has finished, you and Jessica can clear the table and wash up the breakfast things in the sink before we walk to Arraig village.”
“In the tiny, tiny sink,” Jessica added. “Everything here is so small. Even my feet poked up against the end of the bed last night, and I’m not that tall.”
“The correct word is wee,” James said. “Wee sink, wee bed, wee cottage. Well, it is round here. We’ll be back here after lunch, won’t we?” he said, turning to his father. “The tide will be going out and we’re going across to the island with Tarben if he’s free. He helps a farmer up on the hills sometimes in the holidays.”
His father nodded. “As far as I can see there’s no danger in going across, as long as you come back well before the incoming tide gets anywhere near the causeway. And I mean anywhere.”
“Don’t worry, Uncle Clive,” Jessica said. “But even if we do get stuck on the island, it would only be for a few hours. I don’t think even James would starve to death in that time. And that’s enough toast and honey, boy,” she said, looking closely at James who was sitting next to her.
He shrugged. “You never know where the next meal is coming from. It’s better to stock up with energy while you can. That’s where this heather honey helps. We’re going to need another jar soon.”
“Well, you stocked up with enough energy to be buzzing like a bee for the rest of the day,” his mother said. “Jessica is right, and you don’t have to worry about missing lunch. We’re calling at the village for a newspaper and a couple of things at the village shop which will be open today, and then we’re having a picnic in the hills, or the brae as they call the hills round here.”
“But....” James started to say.
His mother smiled. “Yes, James, we’ll be having an early picnic lunch, so you don’t have to worry about getting back here in time to explore the island.”
Jessica gave him a nudge. “I’m sure an early lunch will suit you, with your desperate need for food.”
“I blame the Scottish air,” James said, looking in disappointment at the empty toast rack.

When they reached the small village of Arraig, Jessica stopped and looked at her phone by a cottage exactly like Puffin Cottage. In fact, she realised, Puffin Cottage was like just about every other cottage in the area. The cement rendering was presumably to keep out the driving rain, and nearly every house had replacement windows, which must make them warmer in the winter.
“What’s up?” James asked. Then he did the same with his phone. “Checking for texts and emails?”
“I’m going to phone Maddie, while I’ve got a signal. I’ve had a bright idea.”
“And?”
“It’s about those so-called birdwatchers with the campervan. They don’t seem to know enough about birds to be genuine. And where are their camouflage outfits and their spotting scopes?”
Mr and Mrs Cooper had gone into the small shop, the door opening with a jingle from a bell above the door as they entered. James frowned. “You’re surely not going to get Maddie to come up here to ask them questions. I mean, it would be good if she did come, but she’s on an archaeological dig with her papa.”
“She’ll have her phone with her,” Jessica said. “Quiet, it’s ringing now.”
“Put it on speakerphone, so I can hear as well.”
“Maddie? Yes, it’s Jessica.”
“I know it is. Your name came up on caller ID. All well up there in the frozen north?”
“Good. Great. And not frozen at all, although I think the sea is too cold even for polar bears. Listen, Maddie, we need your know-how on wild birds. There’s a suspicious couple here who claim to be birdwatchers.”
Maddie laughed. “Go on, tell me, you don’t think that they really are.”
James laughed too. “I’m here as well, Maddie. We’re on speakerphone.”
“We want to test them out,” Jessica said. “What we need is the name of an imaginary seabird. Then we can ask them if they’ve seen it.”
There was silence for a moment, as Maddie was obviously thinking. Either that, or they’d lost the signal.
“Maddie?” Jessica said.
“I’m still here. How about the White-Tailed Slippen?”
Jessica frowned and turned to James. He shrugged. “What’s a White-Tailed Slippen?” Jessica asked.
There was another pause, then Maddie said, “A White-Tailed Slippen is a rare breed of gull. It normally only lives in the Arctic and Iceland, but there’s a possibility of a breeding pair being spotted in ... where are you in Scotland?”
“In the far north-west, on the mainland,” Jessica explained.
“Well, that’s a coincidence, because that’s where there’s been a report of a breeding pair of White-Tailed Slippens, although no one’s been able to confirm it yet.”
“Thanks for your help, Maddie,” James said, “but we’re after the name of an imaginary bird. We want to test out this couple to see if they really know about birds.”
“I heard you,” Maddie said. “That’s what I’ve given you. The name of an imaginary bird.”
“Wow,” James said, glancing at Jessica, “that was quick thinking. And you’re absolutely sure there isn’t such a bird as a White-Tailed Slippen?”
“Absolutely sure. What’s happening up there with you two?”
James explained about the broken exhaust and that they’d only arrived yesterday. “And there’s this amazing island to explore this afternoon. Well, it’s not exactly an island, although in a way it is. We’ll be back Saturday week. We can tell you all about it then. When are you home from the dig?”
Maddie laughed. “Saturday week for me, too. The work here is totally boring. Last year someone found a buried wall and convinced the team it marked a Roman villa. But it just goes on and on, and I think it’s nothing but the foundations for a wall round an enormous mediaeval farmyard. But what do I know? No one listens to me.” And she laughed.
“Poor you,” Jessica said. “Isn’t there anything interesting at all to do?”
“Well, there’s a huge lake that’s supposed to be really deep, and there’s a small island in the middle. The lake looks black and mysterious after dark in the moonlight, with big bubbles rising to the surface. I don’t know what’s living in there. It might be a brother of the Loch Ness monster. I don’t suppose you’ve seen the Loch Ness monster, have you?”
“We’re miles from Loch Ness,” Jessica said, laughing. “Anyway, how do you fill your days?”
“Well, we’ve rented this advanced photographic drone to survey the site in three dimensions. And the operator has even let me fly it. I’d love you to see it, but it’s only here for today. Anyway, let’s meet up at mine on the Sunday afternoon, if the monster from the lake doesn’t get me first. We can go to the evening service at my church together. When are you going home, Jessica?”
“I’m staying with James for a couple more weeks after we get back,” Jessica said.
“That’s great. Maybe we can have another adventure together. Got to go. Papa wants me to catalogue some totally uninteresting finds. I told you it was boring here. Keep in touch. Bye.”
“A White-Tailed Slippen,” Jessica said to James, as she checked her emails and texts again. There was still nothing of any importance. All her friends seemed to have left their phones at home. Or maybe they were also staying in remote places without signals. “I can’t wait to put the couple from the campervan to the test. A White-Tailed Slippen sounds so real. Brilliant. I knew Maddie would be able to help.”

Chapter 6

With a backpack containing enough food for at least one picnic, Mr Cooper led the way along a small track that meandered up one of the steep hills to the north of Arraig village. After twenty minutes everyone paused for a break.
James crashed down on the springy turf. “Wow, that was some mountain to climb.”
Jessica stayed standing. “It’s not a mountain, it’s a hill. Get back on your feet, boy. We’re not even halfway up it yet.”
James shrugged. “I want to see the view, and you’re spoiling it by standing in my way. Move, girl.”
Jessica stayed where she was. “We’re taking the backpack right to the very top and having the picnic there. Isn’t that right, Uncle Clive?”
James was staring across to the sea, a couple of miles away. He decided not to be riled by Jessica’s sense of humour. At least, he hoped it was humour and not a fact. “Look at Arraig Island,” he said, pointing. “You can just see bits of the causeway with the waves breaking over it. Another couple of hours and it will be safe to cross. Come on, get the food out, Dad. It’s time to eat.”
Jessica walked across to examine the contents of the backpack.
“No, no, Jessica, hands off. You’ve got to carry your share of the food to the very top of the brae and eat it there. That’s what you said you were going to do.”
His mother sighed. “Leave the poor girl alone, James. I’m sure she uses up a lot of energy just putting up with you. Come on, Jessica, because of James’s rudeness I’m letting you choose first.”

The walk back to Puffin Cottage seemed to be much further to James than it had been coming. He knocked the door of Achachork Cottage when at last they got there, and Tarben was waiting for them.
“I’ll get my dragon,” Tarben said, and disappeared indoors.
Mrs Cooper turned to James and Jessica. “Dragon? Did Tarben just say he has a dragon?”
James just shrugged. “I think all Vikings keep a pet dragon. It might be compulsory.”
Almost immediately Tarben reappeared, holding a large wooden carving in both hands.
“It’s huge,” Jessica said, giving a little shudder as she looked at the dragon’s eyes. “I thought it would be a little model. It must be full size.”
“It is,” Tarben said proudly. “It’s a full-size replica of a dragon from the prow of a Viking longship. Farmer Laurie carved it for me last winter.”
Jessica waited for James to put his hand in the dragon’s jaws and pretend he was being bitten, but to her surprise he was looking at it in admiration.
“Farmer Laurie must be a genius at carving wood,” James said. “It’s amazing.”
Tarben nodded. “There’s not much to do around here in the winter, and he loves carving things to sell to visitors in the summer. I’ll take you all up to see him before you leave. He might have something that would interest you.”
James’s parents nodded. “That would be good,” Mrs Cooper said, and Jessica thought she sounded genuinely interested, and she certainly was herself.
“If you both want to go to the island, I’ll get the quad bike,” Tarben said, turning to Jessica and James. “We can go across on that.”
James knew his parents were listening, and he caught sight of their horrified faces. “It’s okay, Mum, Dad, we’ve already told Tarben it won’t be safe for us to ride on it. We’re all going to walk across.”
“I’ve got a wee boat,” Tarben said, seemingly unaware of the need for wisdom in mentioning such things in front of parents. “Mr Cooper, when the tide is in, I’ll take them for a trip round the island. They’ll like that.”
James’s father shook his head, and his mother gave a sharp intake of breath. “Best not yet, Tarben,” James’s father said. “I’m sure you know exactly what you’re doing, but I need to find out more about it first.”
Tarben looked disappointed. “You can trust me, Mr Cooper. Anyway, you can always have a word with my mother or father. But not now. They’ve gone to Skayness and won’t be back until late afternoon. My mum has to drive, of course, since my father’s accident.”
James wondered about the accident, but he didn’t like to ask. He glanced at Jessica and felt relieved that the discussion of sailing in Tarben’s wee boat would have to wait. Once his parents got to know the area better, and began to trust Tarben, that would be the time to discuss it. The idea of going out with Tarben in his boat was great, but an early refusal might spell permanent doom to the idea.
“Don’t you need a licence for a quad bike?” Mr Cooper asked.
Tarben shook his head. “I can only use it on private land, not the public road. It was my dad’s, but he can’t use it now, so he’s given it to me. It’s quite old and knocked about, and not worth selling.”
“How do you get to the farmer’s fields?” James asked. “Don’t you have to go on the road to get there?”
“That’s easy,” Tarben said. “The fields come right down to the back of our house. All the land behind the cottage belongs to the Macaulay family. We used to have a flock of sheep. Now we let Farmer Laurie look after them, along with his own. That’s why I help him when I can. My father bought the quad bike years ago, to get around the land.”
“There aren’t any sheep in the fields,” Jessica said. “Where are they?”
Tarben pointed to the hills. “We take them up there in the spring for the new grass, and bring them down before the winter.”
“We saw some sheep up there when we were having our picnic,” Mr Cooper said. “Perhaps they were some of your father’s. I didn’t realise he was sheep farmer.”
“He was also a deep sea fisherman,” Tarben explained. “He had to do it occasionally. There’s not much money in sheep farming.”
James pointed around the bay and across to Arraig Island. “So everything here belongs to the Macaulays?”
Tarben nodded towards the campervan on the far headland. “Not that end of the bay. There’s a public track running down to there. We don’t get many people coming this way, and if they want to explore the island, we let them.”
James had been looking at the quad bike in some detail and noticing exactly how Tarben worked the clutch and the accelerator. It seemed easy enough. “I’d love a quad bike,” James said thoughtfully. “Especially if I could ride it all over the fields, right up into the hills. Wow. How about it, Mum, when we get home?”
His mother laughed. “You wouldn’t be able to use it on the roads, and I can’t think it would be much fun in our small back garden!”
Mr Cooper looked worried. “Tarben, I’m sure you’ll understand when I say I don’t want James and Jessica riding on the back. Now then, just be careful on the island, all of you. And don’t forget your hats. We’re a long way north, but the sun is still strong.”
Very soon Tarben and the Two Jays were ready to make their way down to the beach. “And be sure you take one of the walkie-talkies,” James’s father added. “If you get cut off, let us know, and we’ll come and wave goodnight as the sun goes down. And don’t wake us up when you come in cold and hungry in the early hours of the morning!”
“Thanks, Dad,” James said, grinning. “You’re one of the most caring fathers in the world.”
Tarben looked surprised.
“It’s okay,” James reassured him. “My dad was joking.” Then he added, “I think. Now, let’s get across to the Lost Island.”
Again Tarben looked surprised. “Why do you call it that? It’s Arraig Island.”
Jessica explained how they thought it had gone missing when they came back from their shopping in Skayness, because the tide was out and it looked like a headland instead of an island, and had wondered if they’d come back to the right place.
The causeway to the island was made up from a mix of grey pebbles and larger rocks, mixed with smooth boulders. Deep sandy pools of seawater covered much of it, and they had to pick their way carefully around the pools and the small rocks to keep their feet dry. Underfoot, the grey pebbles crunched loudly.
“I wonder if the couple from the campervan will be here,” Tarben said. “I hope not. They were on the island last year and seemed to be poking around a lot. I don’t know what for.”
Jessica explained about Maddie’s suggestion of the White-Tailed Slippen. “It sounds real enough to me. Let’s put it to them,” Tarben said. “Just as long as they’re not already here on the island,” he added.
The island started with a low rocky incline, the bottom part of which was covered with seaweed and barnacles. It then went to a hump, down again nearly to sea level, and up again towards the far west end.
James was standing behind one of the boulders lying on the sand. He began to sink slowly to his knees. “Help,” he shouted. “Quicksand!”
Neither Jessica nor Tarben were taken in. “You want to be careful shouting out like that,” Jessica said, not seeming the slightest bit amused. “Don’t do it. Next time you’re really stuck, no one is going to believe you.”
James nodded. “Sorry.” But he didn’t feel too sorry.
“We all need to be careful on this island,” Tarben said. “There isn’t any quicksand, but there are all sorts of hidden dangers. Stick with me, and you should be okay.”
They made their way over the first hump and down into the central dip, but the second hump prevented them from seeing the far end. They just had to hope they had the island to themselves. Huge rounded boulders littered the landscape, every one of them covered in orange lichen.
Jessica was staring at the boulders. “Why have all these been smoothed off? I can’t believe the Vikings did it.”
“We were told at school that it all happened in the Ice Age,” Tarben said. “Thousands of years ago, the land here was covered in ice nearly two miles thick, and when it started to melt, it moved along in big glaciers, rolling the rocks underneath it as it moved, and grinding them smooth. When the ice disappeared completely, boulders like this were left behind.”
Jessica was scraping at the orange growth with a fingernail. “Is this lichen?”
Tarben nodded, then put a finger to his lips in warning and beckoned to them to come close. “There’s a small inlet and beach at the far west end,” he explained. “This way, but keep quiet.”
He led them towards the top of the second hump, crouching low as he got near the far end, as far west as it would be possible to go on Arraig Island without falling into the North Atlantic. James and Jessica felt they ought to walk the same way, and followed Tarben to where he stopped.
“Keep watching ahead,” he said. “You’re going to get a surprise when you see the beach.”
As they moved slowly, it looked as though the small beach below them was erupting. Brown and grey seals fled in alarm, splashing into the water. Three white seal pups followed with some difficulty, and within a minute the beach was empty. Heads looked back at them from a safe distance in the water.
“That was mean,” Jessica said. “They were enjoying themselves.”
“They’ll soon be back,” Tarben reassured her. “Last year I was on this end of the island a lot, playing my guitar. I was trying to get adjusted to my dad’s accident. The seals got used to me in the end, but I haven’t been here for ages. It looks as though they’ve forgotten me.”
“Viking songs?” James asked, then realised he’d sounded rude.
Tarben didn’t seem to notice. “All sorts. I love it out here with my guitar and the open sea. I’ve been busy with farmer Laurie this year in the holidays and weekends, helping with the sheep. He gives me a bit of spending money, but I do miss this island. Sometimes I come over here when the tide is coming in. I watch the causeway disappear and know I’ve got six hours to wait before I can get back. It’s lovely. Just me, my guitar, and Arraig Island.”
James was looking around. “I can’t see any buildings. Where would you shelter if it rains?”
Tarben shook his head. “I wouldn’t come over if it was going to rain. But there used to be a little bothy.”
“What’s a bothy?” James asked, hoping he wasn’t about to be the victim of some terrible joke.
Tarben looked surprised at the question. “A bothy is a bothy,” he said. “You know, a little bothy, a building for shelter. I’ll show you the remains of it. It’s old. I used to think the Vikings built it, but I’m sure it’s not nearly as old as that. Maybe a fisherman stayed out here and built it as a shelter. He might even have lived in it with his family, for all I know.”
Only a rectangular row of stones remained to mark the outline of the bothy, and these were overgrown with a green plant with small white flowers. A square block built of stones might be the site of a chimney. It was possible to see where doorway had been, but there were no other clues as to what it had been. The greenery completely covered the inside where there must once have been an earth floor.
Tarben pointed to what was left of the bothy. “My dad says the people in Arraig came here and took the stones for building, years ago. Maybe for our house. I think it happened a lot with deserted buildings.”
Jessica picked up a broken hiking pole someone had left behind, and carefully pushed some of the undergrowth aside. “It’s much smaller than Puffin Cottage,” she said. “It wouldn’t be nearly big enough for a family nowadays.”
“Talking about Puffin Cottage,” James said, “are there puffins on the island? We’ve not seen any.”
“I’ve never seen any, either,” Tarben said. “They nest on the edge of cliffs, and burrow into the ground to make underground nests, but the soil isn’t deep enough on Arraig Island.”
“So why is it called Puffin Cottage?” James asked.
Tarben laughed. “My parents did it up several years ago for holidaymakers. It was a bit of a wreck before that. One day my dad was fitting the bathroom, and my mum told him to take it easy as he was huffin’ and puffin’, and my dad said, ‘Puffin Cottage would be a great name!’”
“It is a great name,” Jessica said, “but I was hoping to see some puffins.”
Tarben brushed the dirt from his hands where he had been scrambling over the foundations of the bothy. “You’re not the first people to wonder if there are puffins on the island. I keep hoping there will be, sometime in the future. It would be amazing to see one, with their big coloured beaks. I’ve only ever seen them in pictures.”
Yellow and dark pink flowers poked out through the springy turf in places around what was left of the bothy. Jessica thought the pink flowers were wild clover. Then she noticed a large patch of purple heather mixed with a bright orange flower, covering an area towards the south western end of the island. She went across to investigate.
“Is all of this heather?” she called back to Tarben. “The orange stuff looks different somehow.”
Tarben came across from the ruins to join her. He explained he’d been looking for signs of the couple from the campervan, but he was certain now that they were here on their own. “It’s all heather,” he said, “but the orange plant isn’t like the normal heather you see on the mainland. My great-great-great-grandmother used it to heal people. People said she was a witch.”
“What, a real witch?” James asked. He turned to Jessica. “To think I was only joking about the gingerbread house when we arrived. Go on, Tarben, tell us more.”
Tarben sat on one of the large, smooth boulders. The orange lichen seemed fixed in place, and wouldn’t come off on his cropped jeans. “No, definitely not a real witch. People have been using all sorts of plants for healing, way back to Viking times, and probably long before that. The Vikings knew which plants could be used as medicine. It’s natural healing, but the Viking leaders wanted to impress the people, and so they used magic.”
James lay back on the grass, staring at the white clouds high above. “Do you mean real magic?”
“They said it was, but all they were doing was healing people with plants. They also had some really yucky ideas. The believed if you cut the head off a live swallow with a glass knife, and let the blood drip into your eye from the knife, it would cure blurred vision.”
“That’s absolutely disgusting,” Jessica said. “And cruel. I rather go blind.”
Tarben nodded. “You probably would, either way. I can’t see how it would work. But it’s different with plants. There’s often good reason why plants work. But instead of just giving herbs to the people like a doctor would give medicine today, without any sort of ceremony, they said it had to be done under special conditions, such as when the moon was in a certain place, or at midnight while chanting certain spells. Things like that. They said it was the only way the medicine would work.”
James had been sucking on a long stem of grass. He removed it from his mouth. “If your great-great-great-grandmother was using magic like this, no wonder they called her a witch.”
Tarben jumped to his feet. “She definitely wasn’t a witch,” he said firmly. “She became a Christian at a mission held by Moody and Sankey when they came to Scotland in the 1870s. They came here from America, although Sankey was born in Edinburgh.”
“I’ve heard of them,” James said. “They were famous evangelists. So your great-great-great-grandmother became a Christian through them. Amazing.”
“Do you know what a Christian is?” Tarben asked. “A real Christian?”
Jessica was sitting on the grass, leaning back against one of the rocks. “We know,” she said. “James and I are Christians. We’ve given ourselves to Jesus, and are trusting Him because He died for us on the cross. That’s what we mean by being a Christian. Is that what you mean, too?”
Tarben stayed on his feet. “That’s exactly what I mean. I had a feeling about you two, but I wasn’t sure.”
“I’ve only been a Christian for just over a year,” James said. “My parents are Christians, and I thought that made me a Christian too, and all I had to do was be good enough to get to heaven. And hey, was I wrong about that!”
“So your great-great-great-grandmother wasn’t a witch at all,” Jessica said.
Tarben sat down on a nearby boulder. “She never claimed to be anything, except saying that some of the plants round here would heal. The orange heather has some special antiseptic properties.”
“How does it work?” Jessica asked.
Tarben reached down and picked a stem of the orange flowers. “We gather the flowers, boil them until the water has almost gone, mash them up, and press them through a fine wire sieve to make an ointment. It’s a great antiseptic. We always use it at home if we get a cut. And if you boil the flowers in plenty of water it makes a drink for coughs and colds, although I’m not so convinced about that. We still get ill in the winter. And you have to be careful not to drink too much, or it makes you wet the bed.”
“In that case I really hope I don’t get a cough while we’re here,” James said with a grin. “But my dad was saying heather is a good antiseptic, so it’s nothing new.”
Tarben nodded. “Your father’s right. Heather does make a good antiseptic, but this orange heather is a mutation with extra special antiseptic properties.”
“Mutation?” James queried. “What do you mean?”
“You know, something living suddenly changes its characteristics for some unknown reason. Heather often does that, but all it usually makes is a slightly different shade of flower. This orange mutation seems to be unique to Arraig Island.”
Jessica got to her feet and examined the large patch of purple and orange heathers growing together. She picked a stem of the orange variety and sniffed it. It had the ordinary smell of heather, nothing like any antiseptic she’d come across. “Who else knows about this?”
“Some of the locals know. They use it. And I told the campervan couple about it last year when they were poking about on the island, and they just laughed at the idea. Shows they know nothing about healing with plants!”
“Tell me more about your great-great-great-grandmother,” James said. “If the people thought she was a witch, I hope they didn’t burn her.”
Tarben laughed. “I don’t think they meant it seriously, but she did have a wonderful way with healing. Maybe it wasn’t just the plants she used. Perhaps she really did have a healing gift from God.”
Jessica rose slowly to her feet and brushed the grass off the back of her jeans. She made a mental note to wear her blue and white check shorts next time she came over to the island, and she was glad of the hat. The sun felt surprisingly hot. “Let’s creep back to the end of the island and see if the seals are there again. We never got a chance to look at them properly.”
Tarben said he thought they might be back, and explained that if they didn’t mind crawling some of the way, there was a better path to approach the little cove from the side, without being seen.
They slid forward on their stomachs when they were close to the far end of the island, going between some boulders that were much larger than the ones on the rest of the island. Tarben signalled to them to keep their heads down and slide down the slope with him.
The seals were back, basking in the sun, their flippers banging their sides at times with a slapping sound. The three white baby seal pups had joined their mothers, or possibly their fathers. Jessica had no idea which were males and which were females.
“Let’s not disturb them again,” she whispered, “but we can slide a bit closer and be more comfortable while we watch them.”
It was warm in the sun, and Jessica had worn a short-sleeved T-shirt. As she slid down the slope, the soft earth and gravel gave way, and she slid forward faster than planned. A sharp root of heather sticking up from the soil scraped the soft skin underneath her left forearm. “Ouch!” she yelled. “That really hurt.”
On the beach there was the sound of splashing as the seals dived back into the water for safety.
“Now you’ve frightened them,” James said. “Poor things.”
“Never mind about them being poor things,” Jessica said, trying to suck the oozing blood from a long cut running from her wrist almost to her elbow. “Look what I’ve done.”
James looked and pulled a face. “We’d better get back quickly. You’ll probably need to see a doctor. Assuming there are proper doctors around here, not just witch doctors.”
“James,” Jessica said, with a catch in her voice, “I know you’re trying to cheer me up, but that’s not funny.” Then she began to smile.

Chapter 7

Jessica sighed, trying to stop the blood with a couple of tissues from the pocket of her jeans. She had already got blood on her T-shirt and jeans. “Don’t stand there staring, James. Get on the walkie-talkie and tell your parents to meet us at the causeway. Tell them to bring bandages and antiseptic cream from the first-aid kit. No, tell them to bring the whole first-aid kit!”
James pulled the black and orange walkie-talkie handset from his jeans and pressed the call button. His father answered almost immediately. “I hope it’s not urgent,” he said. “Your mum and I have walked back into Arraig village. We’re having a cup of tea at the little tea rooms in one of the cottages. Over.”
James pressed the talk button. “Walked?” he said in horror. “That means you’re two miles away. Over”
“What’s the urgency? Over.” His father didn’t sound particularly concerned.
“You’d better get back quickly. Jessica has cut herself all down her arm. It won’t stop bleeding.” He looked at his cousin. “Her face looks red, so I think she’s still got plenty of blood left in her. It seems to be stopping now. Over.”
It felt strange talking like this. On the phone he could speak and answer at the same time, but on the walkie-talkie he could either speak or listen. To let the other person know when to speak, he had to remember to say “over,” and release the talk button.
“Where are you, James? Over.”
James pressed the talk button again. “We’re on the island, but Jessica can walk okay. She didn’t fall over. She caught her arm on something sharp in the ground. Over.”
Tarben interrupted and took the walkie-talkie from James. He obviously knew how to use it. “Mr Cooper, this is Tarben Macaulay. Jessica can come to ma bit. My father should be there. I’m not sure about my mother. She was planning to visit a neighbour who hasn’t been well. One of them can fix Jessica up temporarily. Over.”
“Thank you, Tarben. Who’s ma bit? Over.”
Tarben frowned. “Ma bit, my house. Over.”
“Thanks, Tarben. Mrs Cooper would like a word with Jessica. Can you pass her the handset, please? Over.”
“Jessica? Over.”
“Hello, Aunty Amy. You don’t need to worry too much. It’s not bleeding a lot now, and I don’t think it’s very deep. Just a nasty big scratch that’s ripped the skin underneath my arm. I caught it on the sharp root of heather sticking up. I think I got dirt in it, so it’s a good thing it’s bleeding. That should wash the dirt out.”
“Salt water can be good for cuts, Jessica, but only if it’s really clean. Go down to the edge of the sea and wash your arm thoroughly. It will sting, and I know you’ll be okay with that. Make sure you get all the dirt out of the cut by rubbing it gently, but the salt water won’t be sterile. Just let it bleed when you take it out of the water to wash the salt water away. Over”
“Are you sure, Aunty Amy?” Jessica said, frowning. “I don’t like it bleeding. It worries me. Over.”
“It needs to bleed, love, to prevent an infection getting in. Then hurry with Tarben back to his house and let his parents do whatever they think best until we get there. We’re starting to walk back now, but it will take us at least half an hour, even though we’ll hurry. Be brave. Over.”
James looked at Jessica in admiration. She certainly was being brave, judging by the way the long cut had been bleeding profusely. And putting it in seawater, wow, it would definitely sting.
“I know the perfect place to wash your arm, Jessica,” Tarben said. “On the south side of the island there are some deep rock pools.”
Jessica said, “Aunty Amy said clean sea water. I don’t want to make things worse than they are. Aren’t rock pools dirty?”
“Not these,” Tarben said. “The water will be clean, because the tide covers them nearly the whole time. They get a fresh change of seawater twice a day. It’s this way.”
They walked to the centre of the island where it dipped down, and made their way to the south side where there was another bay. This one was a sheet of rock with several low ridges, dotted with large and small rocks, but no sand or pebbles.”
Tarben turned to Jessica. “Here, give me your good arm and I’ll help you down.”
With Jessica holding her wounded arm out sideways in case any more blood dripped on her clothes, she let Tarben help her down to the beach.
“Some of these rocks fell down a few weeks ago,” Tarben said, “and they might tip over if you walk on them, so tread carefully. Here, this pool is really deep. I call it the Viking pool. I think the Vikings dug it out, and I’ll tell you why later. You can put your arm all the way down into it and keep it out straight to wash it.”
The pool was in a raised ridge of rock, and Jessica was relieved to see that the water in the pool looked clean and clear. She knelt in front of it, and could see small coloured things deep under the water. She lowered her left arm up to her elbow, pulling a face as she swirled it around.
The water washed away the blood clot that was forming and got into the cut where it stung worse than she expected. She rubbed at it gently under the water, doing her best to wash out any remaining dirt. Rubbing didn’t only hurt, it made the long cut bleed even more.
“Lucky you’re not doing it in the sea,” James said, pulling a face as the water turned red. “Blood in the water attracts sharks.”
Jessica splashed water into his face from a nearby puddle with her good hand. “Don’t mock the afflicted,” she said, and began to laugh. “Ow, ow, this really does sting a lot!”
She removed her arm, and red seawater covered the underside of it. Then blood began to ooze again. She tried to remain calm as she watched it running down her arm, following her aunt’s instructions not to try to stop it.
Tarben look at it closely. “It’s not a wee cut, but you’re right, Jessica, I don’t think it’s very deep. You’re not going to need stitches. My parents have all you’re going to need at Achachork Cottage. Let’s not rush. I don’t want you falling over in a panic to get there quickly, and doing something worse.”
Jessica had run out of tissues, and blood was dripping freely again as she held her arm well away from her clothes, although she realised that there was already so much blood on her T-shirt and jeans that it really wasn’t necessary.
She took her time crossing the causeway, with Tarben holding her firmly by her good arm. When they reached Achachork Cottage she held back. “I don’t want to drip blood all over your house,” she said. “Tell your mum to come out here.”
“I think it will be my dad,” Tarben said. “I think my mum is out, visiting a neighbour in the wee house across the bay. I’ll go in and see.”
James and Jessica could hear a man’s voice inside the cottage, and a huge man came to the door. He had black hair and a fierce-looking ginger beard that covered most of his face.
“This is my dad,” Tarben said. “He’ll be able to help you, Jessica.”
James struggled to hide his surprise. It was Tarben’s father who was the bear, not Tarben!
The man nodded to them in a friendly way, and James went forward feeling he ought to be polite and shake hands. Then he realised that the man’s right arm was missing, and the sleeve of his jacket was pinned to one side to be out of the way. So this was the result of the accident Tarben was referring to earlier.
Mr Macaulay smiled when he noticed James’s expression. “Don’t you be minding me, laddie. Tarben didn’t say anything, then. I lost my arm while out fishing.”
James had a vision of Mr Macaulay leaning over the side of a fishing boat, and a huge White Shark rising out of the water and biting his arm off.
Mr Macaulay put an end to James’s fantasy with the explanation. “I was on a trawler, laddie, and my arm got caught in the winch pulling up the nets. I nearly died from loss of blood, but we weren’t too far from land and my mates were able to summon an emergency helicopter. The crew winched me up and flew me straight to the hospital.” He nodded to Jessica, and she held her arm out for him to examine the long cut. “Let’s have a wee look at the damage, lassie. Hold still now.”
Jessica did as she was told.
“Aye,” Mr Macaulay said, taking hold of Jessica’s arm and looking at it closely, “I don’t think loss of blood is going to be a problem for you. Tarben said your parents are on their way, otherwise I’d work on it now.”
“They’re James’s parents,” Jessica explained, feeling much more relaxed after seeing Mr Macaulay’s confident manner, and hearing his reassuring words. “They’re my aunt and uncle. I’d like to go in and sit down, if that’s all right, but I don’t want to drip blood on your carpet.”
Mr Macaulay smiled. “We have flagstones. Blood washes off them easily. But you stay out here in the fresh air. Tarben, bring out a chair for the lassie here. She’s had a wee bit of a shock.”
They heard footsteps approaching, and James turned round in surprise. How had his parents managed to get here so quickly from the village? He hadn’t heard a car, but perhaps someone had given them a lift part of the way in the emergency.
It was Morag Macaulay. She stopped in surprise when she saw Jessica sitting in the chair with her arm held out straight.
“I’ve just been across the bay to visit Cathy,” she explained. “She’s feeling better today.” Then she noticed the blood on Jessica’s clothes and arm, and put her hand to her mouth. “Whatever has the lassie done?”
“It’s all right, Mrs Macaulay, I mean Morag, I just cut my arm a bit,” Jessica said, feeling embarrassed by all the attention, and trying to make it sound as though there was nothing to be concerned about.
“It’s a long cut,” James explained, “but we don’t think it’s very deep, even though it’s been bleeding a lot. My parents will be here soon. They’re walking back from Arraig village.” He pulled the walkie-talkie handset from his pocket. “I’ll see how close they are.”
Mr Macaulay shook his head. “You won’t be getting a signal on your phone, laddie,” he said. “Nobody can get a signal round here.”
“It’s a walkie-talkie,” James explained, as he pressed the call button.
“We’re not far away now,” his father said, obviously guessing the reason for the call. “How’s the patient? Over.”
“Mr and Mrs Macaulay are here. Jessica is fine. Well, fine considering she’s got the cut,” he added, catching his cousin’s eyes. “Over.”
Mrs Macaulay reached a hand out for the walkie-talkie. “Don’t you worry, laddie, I know how to use one,” she said to James. “Mrs Cooper, can you hear me? Over.”
“Yes, Morag. I’m glad you’re there. We’re only five minutes away now.” Then, “Do you think we should call the doctor, or maybe take Jessica to a medical centre somewhere?” There was a long pause, then, “Sorry, over.”
Morag Macaulay shook her head, as though Mrs Cooper could see her. “I think we have the answer right here in Achachork Cottage. We’ll discuss it when you arrive.”
James immediately guessed what “the answer” was. He turned to Tarben and said quietly, “Heather?”
Morag Macaulay must have heard. “So Tarben has told you all about his great-great-great-grandmother’s remedies, has he?”
James nodded. “Are you thinking about using the orange heather from Arraig Island?”
“Not unless Jessica’s mother agrees to it,” Morag said. “Mrs Cooper can phone her when she gets here, on our landline.”
Jessica looked a bit doubtful. “Are you sure it’s safe?”
“We use it all the time,” Morag said. “Not just us, but our friends in the village. The Macaulay family have been using it for well over a hundred and fifty years.” She smiled reassuringly. “And we’ve not lost a patient yet.”
“I’ll see what Aunty Amy and Uncle Clive say,” Jessica said. “Is it all right if I lower my arm? It’s aching so much I think it’s about to fall off.”
Morag Macaulay shook her head. “It looks like the bleeding has stopped now. Before we put anything on it, you need to give it time to clot. The blood clot on the surface makes a seal against infection, as long as it’s not covered too soon. Stay sitting where you are. You need to keep your arm up. Tarben, fetch another chair, and the lassie can rest her arm on the back of it.”
Tarben was just bringing the chair out of Achachork Cottage, when they saw Mr and Mrs Cooper approaching. Jessica looked up in relief.
She was sure Mr and Mrs Macaulay were good people, but she wasn’t sure she wanted an ointment made from orange heather smeared on her arm, especially if the person who first discovered it had been accused of being a witch!

Chapter 8

Jessica’s accident put a damper on their plans for the afternoon. Jessica’s arm had been washed once more, in boiled water that had been allowed to cool. Once again she had to wait thirty minutes for the blood to clot on the surface. Morag Macaulay was insistent on that. It was now gently bandaged over a thin coating of heather jelly and non-stick medical gauze. She sat on a deckchair in the small garden of Puffin Cottage, trying to concentrate on a book she had found on her aunt’s eBook-reader.
For some reason, the view out to sea was more interesting than the book. Before long she started to feel sleepy, and she woke with a jump when a fly landed on her nose. She swatted it away and the book-reader fell to the ground.
James was looking on with interest. “How does your arm feel now?” he asked. “And don’t treat my pet fly like that. You nearly squashed it.”
“Was that fly anything to do with you?” Jessica asked. “It woke me up. Just as well. I was dreaming about that couple from the campervan, and they were watching me through a big telescope.” She turned round in the chair. “They’re not, are they?”
James shook his head. “It wasn’t really my fly, and we can’t even see the campervan from here. If they are on the island, they’ll be stuck there for hours, because the tide has just covered the causeway. Can I get you anything?”
Jessica shook her head. “Your mum certainly reads some boring stuff. I like her book-reader though. I think I might get one for my birthday. Anyway, I don’t feel like reading at the moment. Where’s Tarben?”
“He’s gone back to the hill farm on his quad bike. He really loves that machine. It used to be his father’s.”
“Doesn’t his father want it anymore?”
“You need two hands to ride it. I don’t know how Mr Macaulay can cope with only one arm, especially as it’s his right one that’s missing. Imagine having to learn to write with your left hand.” James looked closely at the bandages on Jessica’s arm. “Talking about arms, let’s hope the magic heather goo works,” he said, pulling a face, “and your arm doesn’t drop off in the night.”
“It’s not magic,” Jessica said gently. “When Auntie Amy phoned my mum to see what she wanted to do about it, she was really keen to give it a go.”
“She wanted to use you as a guinea pig. Anyway, it’s only until tomorrow. If your arm starts to ache or throb, or if it feels hot tonight, remember to say something immediately and my dad will drive you straight to the medical centre in Skayness.”
Jessica frowned. “I wish they wouldn’t keep calling us lassie and laddie. We’re not little children.”
James laughed. “Dad says laddie and lassie means anyone young, even young adults, not just children. So there’s no need to feel offended ... lassie.”
Jessica turned round at the sound of an angry exchange of voices. The man and woman from the campervan were walking past the garden of Puffin Cottage, and didn’t seem to be aware of the presence of the Two Jays.
James immediately seized the initiative. “How’s the birdwatching going?” he called out. “Seen anything interesting?”
The couple came into the garden, looking embarrassed that they’d been heard having the argument. “One or two,” the man said guardedly. “Why are you asking? I thought you weren’t interested in birds.”
Jessica stayed in her chair, but beckoned to the couple to come over. “I phoned my friend who knows a lot about birds, and she talked about a seabird called the White-Tailed Slippen.”
The man frowned for a moment, and Jessica wasn’t going to let this one go. But she would have to be careful not to raise their suspicions that this was a test. “Our friend Maddie told us that the White-Tailed Slippen is a rare Arctic bird, and she said there are reports of a nesting pair in this part of Scotland.” There, Jessica thought to herself, that wasn’t a lie. That’s exactly what Maddie had said!
The man stood back and laughed in a rather exaggerated way. “Oh yes, the White-Tailed Slippen. Sorry, I didn’t catch what you said.” He turned to the woman with him. “Didn’t we say to each other just now, dearest, that if we could catch sight of one of them, and were the first to report it on the website, we’d be famous. Yes indeed, the White-Tailed Slippen. By the way, this is my wife, Daisy, and I’m Heric. We were here last year.”
“Heric?” said James. “That’s an unusual name. Is it Viking?”
“What, Heric?” the man said, frowning. “Heric is a perfectly usual name. E-r-i-c. Heric.”
“Yes, of course it is,” James said, just about keeping a straight face. “Sorry, I wasn’t thinking. I’ve been worried about Jessica’s arm.”
Seeing how much trouble James was having not to laugh, Jessica said, “Tarben Macaulay told us you’ve been here before.” She wasn’t going to add that Tarben hadn’t had a good thing to say about them. “Are you here for long?”
The man, who was presumably called Eric rather than Heric, shrugged his shoulders. “It all depends.”
“Depends on whether you see the White-Tailed Slippen?” Jessica asked, keeping the conversation going on the mythical seabird.
Eric nodded. “That, and other things. We’ll be gone by the end of the week.” He took Daisy by the arm. “Well, can’t talk all day. You know how it is. There are birds to be watched.” And he laughed awkwardly. He pointed to Jessica’s arm. “That looks nasty. Only just done it?”
“I cut it this morning over on the island,” Jessica explained. “Tarben’s parents have some special antiseptic jelly made out of the orange heather from the island.”
The man turned quickly to Daisy. “Come on, dearest, we must leave these young people in peace. Now, let’s walk on down the coast to where the cliffs are. You never know, we might be lucky enough to find the nest of the....”
“The White-Tailed Slippen,” Jessica said.
“Yes, yes, the White-Tailed Slippen. Couldn’t think for a moment. And we can take some photographs. Daisy dearest, just think how famous we’ll be if we can be the first to post them on the internet.” And he laughed his forced laugh again.
James waited until they were well out of sight. “What an odious couple ... whatever odious means. No wonder Tarben didn’t take to them. They don’t seem to know the first thing about birds. I wonder what they’re really doing here in Arraig. I could creep up and look through the windows of their campervan, while they’re walking down the coast to the cliffs in search of the White-Tailed Slippen.”
Jessica reached out her good arm and tried to catch hold of James’s sleeve, but without success. “Oh no you don’t. Whatever they’re doing, it won’t be anything to do with us.”
James thought for a moment. “Hemlock and Daisy. If they were looking for rare plants, their names would be perfect.”
“It’s Heric, not Hemlock,” Jessica said with a yawn. “No it’s not, it’s Eric, although I’m sure we’ll always think of him as Heric.”
“Hemlock and Daisy,” James repeated. “Jessica, why don’t you go back to sleep? There’s something I want to do.”

James made his way cautiously inland. He didn’t want to meet Heric and Daisy again, but he needed to be sure they had really gone along the coast to the cliffs south of the bay.
Half a mile or so south of Arraig Island the ground rose steeply, and he saw them making their way slowly up the cliff path. Heric was still wearing his white top and fawn trousers, and Daisy had a pale blue dress. Their outfits might be good for birdwatching in the Arctic, but hardly suitable for the mix of grass and grey and fawn rocks around the Arraig coastline.
James shook his head slowly. Were the couple from the campervan taking him and Jessica for a couple of fools? In a few minutes he hoped he would find a clue to what they were really doing.
As he approached the van, he wondered if he should be snooping like this. Looking through someone’s windows was probably an invasion of their privacy, and his parents would be cross if they found out. But if there was a body on the bed, or someone gagged and tied up on a chair, they would probably be understanding and sympathetic. He laughed to himself. Jessica was right, he really was going crazy. But only at times.
Whatever his parents would have to say, he wasn’t going to find out. Curtains had been closed on every window, and there wasn’t even a gap he could peer through. From the front of the campervan he could only see as far in as the dashboard where a white curtain blocked the rest of his view.
Was this sort of thing suspicious? Did owners of campervans always close their curtains in the daytime? Perhaps they did when they were out. If he ever had a campervan, he thought he’d probably keep the curtains closed when he wasn’t there. Nosy people could look through the windows. He smiled. Yes, nosy people like him.
He inspected the outside area. There was a large polythene water carrier half full of water, chocks holding the wheels in place on the slightly sloping ground, and a spade. Nothing very suspicious. Or was there? Why would they need a spade? Maybe they were going to dig a hole to bury the contents of their chemical toilet. Yuck! Well, he certainly wasn’t going to be hanging around to watch them do that!
He wandered casually back towards Puffin Cottage, looking as though he’d been for a stroll. He couldn’t see Heric and Daisy anywhere around, but it was just as well to look innocent, especially as they had binoculars.
Jessica was still in the deckchair, her left arm propped out sideways on a cushion, holding the eBook-reader again. She looked up. “Well?”
James sat down on the grass beside her. “Well what?”
“Did you see anything suspicious in the campervan?”
“How did you know I was going there?”
Jessica laughed. “You must think I’m daft. You gave me a couple of big clues!”
James lay back on the soft grass of the small cottage garden. “Well, okay, perhaps I did go. Anyway, there are curtains on all the windows, and nothing suspicious around there. So all we know is that they are definitely not birdwatchers, but why are they lying to us?”
Jessica switched off the book-reader. “I think we ought to mind our own business, James. I can’t think they’ve come all this way to bury a body.”
James’s eyes lit up. “Now that’s a thought. There was a spade there.”
“That’s it then, James.” And Jessica laughed.
“I don’t care what they’re going to bury, as long as it’s not us.” James stared up at the clouds, which were turning slightly pink underneath as the sun dropped lower in the western sky. It would soon be lost behind the far western hump of Arraig Island.
Jessica looked up too. “Red sky at night, shepherd’s delight. It’s going to be a nice day tomorrow. As long as my arm doesn’t swell up or fall off in the night, I’d like to go back to Arraig Island tomorrow at low tide. And Tarben must come with us.”
“What’s up?”
“You know how the water in that deep rock pool turned red when I was washing my arm?”
James nodded.
“Well, as I was about to put my arm in, and before I disturbed the water, I saw something coloured at the bottom of the pool. Several small coloured things. I should have taken more notice, but then my arm stung so much when I put it in the water that I didn’t care what was there.”
James didn’t feel too bothered either. “If it wasn’t gold or silver, it won’t be treasure, that’s for sure. Although,” he said, sitting up quickly, “there might be treasure on Arraig Island. Viking treasure. That’s what the spade is for. Heric and Daisy are digging for treasure!”
Jessica gave a long sigh. “No one could bury a treasure chest on Arraig Island. It’s nothing but rock with a thin covering of soil.”
“I didn’t say anything about a treasure chest. Anyway, it might be something small, made of gold.” He thought for a moment. “No, that’s no good. You wouldn’t need a spade for something small, you’d use a trowel. Okay, so Heric and Daisy aren’t here to dig for treasure. They probably are here to bury a body after all. And they’re going to do it on the headland by the campervan. The earth might be deeper where they’re parked.”
Jessica let the cushion under her arm drop to the floor. “Here, catch hold of my hand and help me up. I’m starting to get a bit chilly now. I’m going in. You and your bodies!”

Chapter 9

After the evening meal, while her uncle and aunt read their eBooks, and James played a game on his phone, Jessica sat on the small sofa with her bandaged arm resting on the arm of the sofa.
She had seen something interesting at the bottom of the deep rock pool where she washed her arm. She wished she’d taken more notice at the time, but the cut on the underside of her arm had distracted her. She smiled to herself. Seashells of course. Or were they? Were there coloured shells this far north on the coast of Scotland? This wasn’t the Caribbean.
“What are we doing tomorrow?” James asked, switching his phone off. “Can we go somewhere where I can get a decent signal? I’m fed up with this game. I should have downloaded a couple more before we came.” He frowned. “What’s up with you, Jessica? You look as though you’re actually thinking.”
“I’m surprised you can recognise the process,” Jessica said. “But you’re right, I am thinking. I’m thinking about the deep rock pool where I washed my arm. We must go back and have another look.”
“Okay,” James said, “but we can only get to that pool at low tide. Tarben said it’s only uncovered for less than an hour. And talking about Tarben, here he is now. But he hasn’t come on his quad bike, or we’d have heard it.”
A knock sounded at the door, and a voice called out. “Hello in there, it’s Tarben.”
Jessica looked surprised. “How did you know, James? And don’t keep him standing out there. Go and let him in.”
“Clever or what,” James said, as he went to the cottage door. “I’ll let you into a secret. From where I was sitting I could see the garden path reflected in the mirror over the fireplace. Come on in, Tarben.”
Tarben nodded to Mr and Mrs Cooper, and then to Jessica. “How are you feeling, Jessica?”
After a brief discussion on the condition of Jessica’s arm, and how it was more comfortable now, Jessica said, “Tarben, are there coloured shells on the coast around here?”
Tarben had to think for a moment. “There’s the periwinkle. I’ve seen them in yellow and orange. They’re quite small. There’s one with purple stripes, and that’s small too, but I don’t know what it’s called. How big are you thinking?”
Jessica frowned and went to rub her arm where it was starting to itch. Then she realised that was probably an unwise thing to do. “How about red shells?”
“Never seen any,” Tarben said. “What’s all this about?”
Jessica wondered whether to share her thoughts with Tarben. After all, she realised she’d only had a brief glimpse into the rock pool before plunging her arm into it and turning the water red. “It’s probably nothing. Just some rubbish that got washed in there one high tide.” She realised that everyone in the room was looking at her in interest.
“If you saw something red, it was probably your blood,” James said.
Tarben didn’t seem so dismissive. “Go on, Jessica. What do you think you saw?”
Jessica felt embarrassed by the attention Tarben was paying her. At least he wasn’t laughing at her like her cousin, although she knew James well enough to realise he wasn’t really making fun of her. It was just his way. Poor boy.
“Go on, Jessica, tell Tarben,” James said. “Sorry I laughed.”
“I don’t think I saw anything special. That pool is ever so deep, and it’s really narrow. I wouldn’t want to fall in there headfirst. I’d never be able to get out. It would be like falling into a barrel, but much deeper.”
James sighed in exasperation. “I remember what the pool is like, but you still haven’t told Tarben what you saw.”
Jessica looked around at all the staring faces, and she felt herself going red. She wished she’d never mentioned the silly rock pool at all. “I didn’t see anything. Well, nothing important. Just a few coloured stones at the bottom. Or maybe it was my imagination. Let’s all forget about it. Tarben, would you like a piece of cake? We’ve got plenty left.”

Jessica woke several times in the night. The trouble was that she kept turning over and squashing her left arm. When she did, the discomfort was enough to disturb her sleep, and she didn’t want the bleeding to start again. Eventually she lay on her back, staring at the sloping ceiling of her small bedroom.
Although her arm had hurt when she accidentally lay on it, it wasn’t throbbing or feeling hot. Of course, it was early days yet, but hopefully the heather jelly was helping. Anyway, Aunty Amy had agreed with her mum on the phone that they should go to the mobile doctor’s clinic that would be visiting Arraig that morning in the village hall. If the doctor on duty was happy to continue with the heather treatment, then that’s what would happen. But at least a qualified doctor would be the one to make the decision.
She’d been relieved to hear from her mum that her tetanus injections were up to date. So that was one worry removed. Anyway, she seemed to have washed all the dirt out in that rock pool. Yes, that rock pool. What was it about that deep pool that kept nagging at her?
The full moon went behind some clouds, or more correctly, she realised, the clouds covered the full moon. However it happened, the room grew dark and she felt sleepy again. The last thing she saw in her mind before finally falling asleep was the deep rock pool, and some coloured objects lying in the bottom.

The next morning James yawned, stretched, and looked at the time on his phone. Nearly seven o’clock. No one else seemed to be moving. He felt wide awake and decided there was no point in staying in bed a moment longer. The air felt chilly, and he dressed quickly. The small bed only just fitted between the two walls of what must have once been the cottage larder or storeroom, so he sat on the end, picked up his small booklet of Bible reading notes, and opened the Bible app on his phone.
This was a habit he had only started a couple of years ago, but he tried to find time every day to read a few verses and spend a little time in prayer. The tiny storeroom window was open, and he listened to the cries of a seagull circling around Arraig Island in the early morning light.
He closed his eyes a moment and thanked God that Jessica had seemed much more comfortable and peaceful by the time she’d gone to bed early last night. If that goo made from the orange heather really worked, it would be amazing.
He remembered a teacher at school saying there was a lot to be learnt from old-fashioned natural healing with plants. She said people used to chew on the bark of the willow tree to ease toothache, and then the pharmaceutical companies analysed it, and extracted aspirin from the bark, although now it was made in the laboratory. Echinacea was good for colds, Aloe Vera was also an antiseptic, and Valerian helped sleep. He recalled the teacher warning there could be unwanted side effects for some people from some natural remedies.
So, willow bark eased pain, and hopefully – no, prayerfully – this heather ointment would help Jessica’s arm get better and no infection would set in. Well, he’d been praying it would heal quickly. It would be bad if the doctor said Jessica had to go to hospital for treatment. That would spoil the holiday not just for Jessica, but for everyone.
He knelt on the bed and opened the tiny window wider. The mournful cry of the seagull in the still morning air sounded like someone calling for help. He’d never thought of the sound of a seagull being like that before. Very much like someone calling for help.
He put on his trainers and decided to go for a walk. No one else would be up for ages. The two walkie-talkie handsets were on the kitchen table. He and Jessica were supposed to take one with them whenever they went out. He picked one up, thought about it for a moment, went to put it back down, then slipped it into the pocket of his jeans. It was what his parents had insisted on, but surely it was unnecessary if he was only going as far as the beach.
The air outside the cottage door felt surprisingly chilly. There had been no clouds overnight, and there was no wind, and just a ripple from the sea running up the beach. The tide was coming in, and the causeway was nearly covered. It was going to be a beautiful day.
He couldn’t see the seagull, but he could certainly hear it. It was calling out, “Help me, help me.”
It was weird how human it sounded. Then it seemed to be calling, “Help me, help me, I’m stuck,” and it was coming from the island. Probably the south side. But there was no gull circling in the air.
“Help me! It’s Tarben! I’m stuck!”
Tarben? James took a look at the causeway. The rising tide already covered ii in it parts. If it really was Tarben, and not a gull someone had trained to speak like a parrot, he only had minutes to get across. Maybe only seconds. But what if it was a false alarm? Just a gull? Once on the island, he’d be cut off by the tide and wouldn’t be able to get back for at least six hours. But he had the walkie-talkie with him and Tarben could come with his wee boat. Unless Tarben was stuck somewhere on Arraig Island....
He cupped his hands round his mouth. “Tarben!” he shouted. “Tarben, is that you?”
“James, James,” a faint voice shouted in panic. “Help me, I’m drowning! Be quick!”

Chapter 10

James ran to where the causeway to the island started. Even in the last couple of minutes, it seemed that less rocks and pebbles were showing above the water. There were deep puddles and rocks along the way when the tide was out, and they were now hidden by the rising tide. In his memory the pools were quite deep, and the pools and the rocks would trip him up if he hit one as he ran.
As he hurried across, Tarben’s voice became more and more frantic. He sounded as though he was on the south side of the island, where Jessica had washed her arm in the deep rock pool. He remembered Tarben saying that they had to be careful on the beach, because some large rocks had recently fallen and could tip over if someone trod on them.
Several times he stumbled on the causeway when he trod in a submerged pool or hit a hidden rock, but he managed to stay on his feet. His trainers were full of water, and his jeans were splashed and sodden right up to his knees, but he kept going. He felt a great sense of relief when he reached the small bay where the causeway ended. He scrambled up the rocks until he was on the grassy top of the island.
He stopped to listen for Tarben’s voice, but there was nothing. “Tarben!” he called. “Tarben!”
Still nothing. Just the sound of waves breaking gently on the rocks.
He hurried towards the south side of the island. “Jesus, please, please, let me get to Tarben in time to rescue him.”
Then Tarben’s voice came much more clearly now, much closer. “James, James, is that really you? I’m down where Jessica washed her arm.”
“On my way,” James called, and there was Tarben some distance out from the shore. Well, Tarben’s head anyway, but he was facing away, unlike the seals off the far west end, and even then his head kept disappearing under the waves, his hair rising and falling on the surface like a blond mat as each wave passed over him. James bit his bottom lip. Why was Tarben facing out to sea, into the incoming waves?
“James, I’m drowning. My leg is trapped under the water. Another few minutes and I won’t be able to breathe at all.” And Tarben began choking as he took a mouthful of seawater from a wave.
James knew it was difficult to swim in shoes and jeans. He had a silver lifesavers’ certificate from school, but the course hadn’t covered something like this. He left his trainers and jeans on the grass, and hobbled over the beach to the edge of the water.
He launched himself forward, swimming strongly until he could reach Tarben. The water below him looked clear and he took a deep breath and dived down. Tarben was kneeling, and just as he reached Tarben’s leg, which he could now see clearly, a wave lifted him away before he could catch hold, and he had to come to the surface again.
Tarben was clearly having difficulty breathing as the water became higher. Because he was kneeling and facing out to sea, he was unable to turn away from the incoming waves. And the gap between the waves was suddenly shorter. Sometimes there wasn’t even the gap between the waves in which Tarben could catch a breath.
James launched himself forward again with a couple of powerful strokes until he caught hold of Tarben’s clothes. Then he worked his way down hand after hand, holding on tightly each time a wave tried to pull him away. Although the seawater stung his eyes, he was able to see that a large rock had moved sideways, trapping the bottom of Tarben’s leg against another rock. He caught hold of Tarben’s leg, trying to pull it upwards, but it wouldn’t move.
James felt his breath running out, and he had to surface again.
“Tarben,” he said to the Viking who now seemed to be losing consciousness, “I’m going down again. I’m sorry if I hurt your leg, but I’m going to have to pull really hard. Hold on.” And he dived down once more, holding tightly onto Tarben’s clothes.
James knew there was no way he was going to be able to move the large rock. Tarben was kneeling, and the rock was squeezing the bottom half of his leg below his cropped jeans. Bracing his feet against the beach, James caught hold of Tarben’s ankle and knee and heaved as hard as he could. Even if he left Tarben’s foot behind, which surely wouldn’t happen, at least the Viking would be saved from drowning.
Just as James felt he couldn’t pull any harder, Tarben’s leg came free. James pushed himself to the surface, still keeping hold of Tarben who now seemed to be unconscious. Remembering his lifesaving training, he turned Tarben onto his back, and putting his hands under Tarben’s armpits he pulled him quickly to the shore, a couple of waves breaking over Tarben’s head on the way.
As he dragged Tarben clear of the water, the Viking began to cough. James knew the right procedure. He turned Tarben onto his back and put his head to one side. He checked, and Tarben was definitely still breathing, although he was choking on the seawater that must be in his throat. He pressed on Tarben’s chest, and let him cough out some water. Then he repeated the process, and Tarben suddenly opened his eyes.
“James,” he said, coughing again, “look at me, I’m absolutely drookit. Soaked through. But am I glad to see you!”
James felt his voice breaking as he said, “And I’m glad to see you too, Tarben!”
After five minutes of coughing and retching, Tarben was able to sit up. He looked around, almost in astonishment at being alive and able to see the island again. “I thought I was a goner,” he said with a grin.
“I was up early,” James told him, not feeling able to share a grin with Tarben. That had been a really scary experience, and not one he ever wanted to go through again. “What were you doing out here at the crack of dawn?”
Tarben started to shiver. “It was what Jessica said. I don’t suppose you have a towel with you? No, why would you?”
James fetched his trainers and jeans. At least the jeans were dry around the waist. Maybe Tarben should change into them. Tarben’s leg was now bleeding in places where it had been trapped by the sharp rocks, but full length jeans would be better than his crops, and might help him warm up a bit. “What did Jessica say?”
“About the coloured stones she saw at the bottom of that rock pool. There aren’t any red seashells around here. For a crazy moment I thought they might be Viking beads.”
James handed his jeans across to Tarben. “Here, put these on, and I’ll have yours. The top part’s dry and you’re soaked through and shivering.”
Tarben shook his head. “You’re drookit just as much as I am,” he said. “You put them on.”
James could see that Tarben was in shock, and had much more need of the clothes. Reluctantly Tarben took them. As he pulled them on, he said, “There’s something big in the pocket.”
“Great!” James reached forward. “It’s the walkie-talkie handset. I’d forgotten all about it. It’s a good thing I didn’t dive in with my jeans on. We can get rescued now. Your father can row round in your wee boat and fetch us. The sooner you get dry and warm the better.” Then he thought for a moment. “No, that’s no good. Will your father be able to row with only one arm?”
“The wee boat has an outboard engine,” Tarben said, smiling through chattering teeth. “You don’t need to feel sorry for my father. He’s coping with his injury better than anyone.” He nodded to the handset that James was holding. “Come on, please don’t wait. Get some help.”
James pressed the call button, but was doubtful anyone would answer. It was only turned on when it was likely to be used, in order to save the batteries.
“James, where are you? Over.” It was Jessica. “I’ve only just turned the handset on. I noticed one was missing, and I guessed it was you. Over.”
“I’m on the island with Tarben. This is an emergency. Over”
Jessica just laughed. “You could have waited for me. Over.”
“No, Jessica, you have to get mum or dad. Tarben has nearly drowned. We’re both soaking wet, and Tarben is shivering and in shock. Over.”
“Is this a joke? Over.”
“No it’s not a joke. And it’s urgent. Over.”
“James? What’s happened. Over.”
“Dad, I’m so glad it’s you. I can’t explain it all now, but Tarben got trapped on the beach and nearly covered by the tide. I only just got to him in time. He needs to be taken somewhere warm and dry quickly. He says his father has a small boat with an outboard motor. You need to go and wake him, if he’s not already up. Over.”
“And this isn’t one of your silly jokes, James? Over.”
James looked across at Tarben who was sitting with his knees pulled up to his chest, hugging his legs. He was shaking, and his face looked white. “It’s serious, Dad. Really serious. Every minute counts. Tarben needs to be rescued immediately. Over.”
“Noted, James. Jessica is already running to Achachork Cottage to find Mr Macaulay. Just hold on out there. Over.”
“If we can, Dad. Tell everyone to hurry.” And in his panic he forgot to add, “Over.”

An hour later, Tarben and James had been rescued by Mr Macaulay in what Tarben had described as his wee boat. It was a small blue inflatable with an outboard motor. Needing little depth of water, Mr Macaulay had managed to come right onto the beach where Tarben had nearly drowned and take them both safely onboard.
Tarben now sat by the Aga stove in Achachork Cottage, a blanket round his shoulders. He was still shivering, but more from shock than the cold. He was wearing a clean pair of cropped jeans and the bottom half of his leg was bandaged. He explained the bandage was covering some of the heather gel, and said he’d have been quite happy to have left his leg behind as long as he could have got free.
James and Jessica had come to see how he was. “I still don’t understand what you were doing on Arraig Island so early in the morning,” James said. “I thought I was up early enough.”
Tarben looked up, and there was excitement in his eyes. He even stopped shivering for a moment. “I’d been wondering about the coloured stones Jessica thought she’d seen at the bottom of that pool. I thought they could be a Viking necklace that had fallen down with the recent fall of rocks. But I needed to be sure. So I went to have a wee look, but I’d left it a bit late and the tide had already turned. Small waves were breaking over the top of the pool and it was impossible to see the bottom clearly.”
“A Viking necklace?” Jessica said, pulling a chair over to where Tarben sat by the warm Aga stove. “A necklace of real Viking beads?”
Tarben shrugged. “It would be good if they were, but I suppose they could be any sort of coloured rubbish that’s been washed in there recently. They don’t look as though they’re joined together, so maybe it’s not a Viking necklace at all. We need a viewing box.”
Jessica wasn’t sure what a viewing box was, and she was glad when James asked the question.
“It’s an open box with a clear glass bottom,” Tarben explained. “You put the glass just under the water, and as long as the water isn’t cloudy you can view the bottom of the sea clearly. Or in this case, the bottom of the rock pool.”
“Do you have one?” Jessica asked, jumping up from the chair quickly.
Tarben shook his head. “It’s just that I know what they are. Anyway, I’m not going back there on my own. That beach is positively lethal.”
“How exactly did you manage to get trapped, Tarben?” Jessica asked, sitting down again. “James said you were kneeling.”
Tarben shook his head. “I can’t believe how stupid I was. I knew those rocks were unstable. I was kneeling on the beach with my left leg between two of those rocks, and peering into the rock pool. I must have disturbed something, and one of the rocks rolled against the bottom half of my leg, trapping it against the other rock.”
James knelt down to see for himself what it would be like to have the bottom half of his leg trapped flat against the floor. For one thing, he could see it would be impossible to turn round to try and move the rock away from his leg. No wonder Tarben was facing out to sea as the waves were breaking over his head. He also realised it was impossible to get enough leverage on the floor to wrench his leg free. The only way it had been possible for Tarben to escape was through his presence, diving down and pulling Tarben’s leg and ankle free, skinning it in the process because he was wearing his cropped jeans.
Jessica bit her bottom lip when she saw what James was doing. She had a go kneeling on the floor and closed her eyes. “It’s impossible. It’s awful.”
James stood up, in his mind imagining he could feel the two rocks that had been trapping Tarben’s leg. Everyone stayed silent for a moment, and James decided it was time to quickly forget those scary re-enactments. “Do you know where we can get a viewing box? We can’t possibly go home without recovering what’s in that pool.”
Again Tarben shook his head. “It’s not as easy as that. That pool is deeper than it looks.”
“You called it a Viking pool,” James said. “What did you mean by that?”
“I told you the Vikings were here,” Tarben said. “Well, obviously they were, or I wouldn’t be here myself. Somebody in the village who knows about rocks says this area is made of igneous rock that came up from deep under the earth, so hot that it was molten when it came up.”
James nodded. “That’s what my dad said.”
“But there’s a seam of soft rock known as soapstone running right along the south side of Arraig Island,” Tarben explained. “I can’t remember its scientific name, but the Vikings used to dig out soapstone and make ornaments and little pots from it. Although it’s a stone, it’s soft and not too difficult to shape by hand.”
“It all makes sense now,” James said. “I saw some other small rock pools in a line each side of the deep pool. That must be where the Vikings dug the soapstone from the seam at low tide.”
Jessica frowned. “They wouldn’t have had long. Each time they came to dig, the pools would have been full of water.”
“They probably had buckets made of skin and bailed out the water as they went,” James said, picturing a gang of Vikings working feverishly on the beach at low tide, and none of them kneeling down as they dug.
Jessica shook her head. “It would have been difficult to bail out the water when they got down deep,” she said, still frowning.
“I’m ahead of you there,” Tarben said. “I don’t think they needed to bail out the water at all. As the excavation got deeper, they would have lowered down an animal skin on four cords, and dug away the sides with iron chisels and hammers, making the pool wider. And then hauled up the bits before the tide came back. Perhaps the tides went out further back then, so they would have had more time to do the digging. Anyway, they managed to do it. You’ve seen the proof.”
James nodded to himself. That made sense. “But why is the pool where Jessica washed her arm much deeper than the others?”
“You can see the seam is a lot wider where they dug the big one, so they were able to make it deeper with their iron chisels. It’s like a well, too deep for anyone to be able to reach down and touch the bottom. If you fell in headfirst there’s no way you’d be able to get out – unless someone was there to pull you out. The sides are smooth and slippery with green stuff, and it’s too narrow to be able to turn round.”
James said, “Thanks. Let’s not even think about it!”

Chapter 11

Jessica and James were now back in Puffin Cottage, eating a delayed breakfast of toast and honey, with a choice of orange juice or milk. No one felt particularly hungry.
“Dad,” James said, not even bothering to reach for a second slice from the toast rack, “I think I know how we can make a viewing box.”
His mother shook her head. “You are not going back to Arraig Island. There’s nearly been one loss of life there today.”
“Oh, Mum, if all three of us are there, we won’t be in any danger. Tarben is right, we need to see if those really are Viking beads.”
His mother shook her head again. “If those beads, assuming they are beads, are several feet down, how are you planning to get them up?”
James shrugged. “My great plan hasn’t got that far yet. First, we need to make a viewing box. I’ve been thinking. If we all go to Skayness today, you can get some food or something, and Jessica and I can try to buy a picture frame. That will give us the glass we need. I’m sure we’ll find something to make the box from. Probably a plastic sandwich box. I could cut the bottom out with a sharp knife.”
This drew a quick intake of breath from his mother. “No sharp knives. There’s been enough blood lost round here. And definitely no glass. Imagine what would happen if you dropped it, and you left sharp pieces all over the beach. The next lot of holidaymakers staying here could cut themselves badly.”
“Aunty Amy,” Jessica said, looking remarkably perky this morning, “I bought a picture frame for my bedroom last Christmas, and it didn’t have glass. It had clear plastic instead. I only bought it because it was cheap, but you really couldn’t tell the difference.”
James banged his hand on the table, making everyone jump. “That’s it! The cheap shop in Skayness will probably sell frames like that. And they’ll sell plastic sandwich boxes.”
“And how are you going to fix the plastic to the box, assuming you can get what you need?” his father asked. “Nail it?”
“Very funny, Dad. Fixing it won’t be a problem. My amazing brain can see it all now. We get a tube of sealant, like you used in the kitchen at Christmas, and run a thick line round the bottom of the box – after you’ve cut the bottom out – and stick the two together. The sealant will keep the water out and stick the plastic from the picture frame to the box. Hey presto, Heric’s your uncle.”
His father frowned. “I think you mean Bob’s your uncle. But yes, the idea has some merit. We’re taking Jessica to the mobile clinic in Arraig village this morning, and if all is well I don’t see why we can’t go on to Skayness. Mum and I are still feeling uneasy about the heather ointment.” He turned to Jessica. “I think your mother will be happier when we get the opinion of a qualified doctor.”
Instead of the opinion of a witch, James was going to add, but he kept quiet. “So there we are, I’ll drop in and tell Tarben what we’re doing.” He thought for a moment. “Low tide was about four o’clock this morning. So that means four-thirty this evening. So we ought to be on Arraig Island at least an hour before that, so we can look in the rock pool at the earliest opportunity.”
“Absolutely not,” his mother said. “You’ve had more than enough excitement today. We’ll get the bits for the viewing box, and you can use it in other rock pools and see what’s in there. But I’m not sure of the wisdom of going back to that deep one. Certainly not this afternoon.”
James gave a long groan. “We need to go back as soon as possible. It’s all about the horse.”
Everyone stared at him. His father was just biting into a piece of toast, and he held it there, his eyes open wide.
James looked surprised. “What?”
“Where’s the horse coming from?” Jessica asked.
“There isn’t a horse.”
“You said something about a horse,” Jessica reminded him. “That’s what.”
“What I meant was,” James said slowly and patiently, “is that if you fall off a horse and have a bad accident, the sooner you get back on it the better, before you think too much about it. So I thought that the sooner we get back to that rock pool, the better it will be for us. That’s all.”
“We’ll discuss it with Mr and Mrs Macaulay,” his mother said. “I can’t think they’ll be thrilled with the idea. There’s Tarben with his injured leg, Jessica with her arm bandaged up to the elbow, and James....”
“And me with my amazing brain,” James finished. “But Jessica is right. I think we should definitely have a go. Viking beads. Amazing if they really are.”

The medical clinic in Arraig village only opened on Monday, Wednesday and Friday mornings. It didn’t seem to be much more then a nurse’s first-aid outpost in the village hall, but a young woman doctor was available to deal with more serious injuries than minor cuts and bruises if necessary.
The nurse took one look at Jessica’s bandage and said the doctor would see her. It clearly wasn’t a minor cut. Jessica and Mrs Cooper were ushered into the temporary surgery, while James and his father stayed in the waiting area. Jessica watched anxiously as the doctor unwound the long bandage that Morag Macaulay had expertly fixed in place.
The doctor smiled when she saw the orange jelly on the dressing. “A Macaulay special, I see,” she said. “That’s good.”
Jessica stared at the long cut running underneath her forearm, and Mrs Cooper said, “To tell you the truth, doctor, I’m relieved to hear you say that. Jessica is my niece, and of course I’m responsible for her while we’re away. So you know about this heather treatment?”
The young doctor nodded. “I can’t say it’s exactly famous around here, but I know one or two of my patients who use it. I keep meaning to get someone to investigate it. If it’s as good as it seems to be, it ought to be more widely known.”
Mrs Cooper took a deep breath. “I work in a doctors’ clinic myself, and I must say, looking at Jessica’s arm this morning, it certainly hasn’t done it any harm. There’s no sign of it becoming septic. But I admit it makes me uneasy when someone tries out herbal remedies instead of conventional medicines.”
“James told me that aspirin comes from the bark of the willow tree,” Jessica said. “So it can’t all be bad.”
The doctor turned to Mrs Cooper. “I was going to replace this ointment with an antiseptic from the dispensary, but I didn’t realise you had a medical background. Please don’t misunderstand me when I say you seem like a sensible woman, but you do, and I’m sure you’re not going to let your niece come to any harm.”
“Does that mean I can keep the heather ointment on?” Jessica asked.
The doctor nodded. “That’s exactly what I’m going to suggest. Let’s leave things as they are. Mrs Cooper, I want you to replace the bandage tomorrow morning, and examine the cut. I’m sure with your background you’ll be able to tell instantly if the wound isn’t healing. If there’s any sign of septicaemia setting in, don’t wait until this clinic is back here again on Friday. Take your niece immediately to casualties in the small hospital in Skayness. If they feel it needs more advanced treatment, they will transfer your niece to a bigger hospital.”
Jessica was pleased to hear her aunt agree that that was exactly what she would do. So the doctor put on a new bandage, leaving the ointment in place under a new strip of non-stick gauze.
James was comforted to see Jessica walking out of the doctor’s room, smiling. “Come on, you two,” she said, “let’s go to Skayness. Uncle Clive, you can go to the supermarket with Aunty Amy, and James and I are going to the bargain store.”
James breathed out in relief. It was as though he’d been holding his breath all the time Jessica was with the doctor. There wasn’t much point in being stuck in Puffin Cottage if his cousin was going to be in hospital for the rest of the holiday. He felt in the pockets of his spare jeans. His others hadn’t dried overnight. “Yes, come on. I’ve got my money.”
“We might as well go straight to Skayness now,” his father said.
“And get ten jars of that amazing heather honey while you’re shopping,” James said. “I’m never going to get tired of it.”
“And I need a couple of jars to take home for my parents,” Jessica added. “I always like to take them back something local as a present. But I’d like to buy it myself.”

As soon as they got to town, Mr Cooper parked in the small supermarket car park. Everyone had their phones which had been fully charged overnight. James was relieved to see that they would be able to use them to keep in contact, rather than using the walkie-talkie sets which were embarrassingly loud, and would be sure to attract attention.
Jessica led the way into the bargain store and made straight for the homeware section. There was a small display of various sizes and designs of photo frames.
James took down different designs, one after the other, tapping the front with the edge of a coin. Because they were tightly wrapped in a polythene film, they all sounded dull, like plastic, but that didn’t necessarily mean they weren’t glass.
By the time he had tapped eight, they heard a woman’s voice behind them. “What are you two up to?”
James turned quickly. The woman who was wearing a store badge didn’t look as though she’d come to help. “We’re looking for a frame with plastic instead of glass,” he explained. “And I can’t tell what these are.”
The woman nodded. “I see. Well just be careful how hard you’re tapping that glass.”
“So are any of these plastic?” Jessica chipped in.
The woman reached to the top shelf, to a large white frame made from a deep moulding of a young baby sitting with a teddy bear. It looked expensive. “Only this,” she said. “What do you want, the frame or the glass?”
“We don’t want glass,” James explained. “All we want is a sheet of clear plastic. Like thin Perspex. But definitely not glass.”
“Glass, plastic, that’s what I meant. You can have this one cheaply. Customer brought it back, complaining it wasn’t glass, and last week someone dropped it and damaged the frame. It says on the front, plain as day, that it’s acrylic, but because it’s been damaged we can’t sell it new.”
They agreed a bargain price. The woman wrote it in felt pen on the cardboard surround and signed her initials. “Just show that at the till. But you won’t be able to return it.”
Next they had to find something suitable for the box. James’s idea of a plastic kitchen or lunch box seemed the most likely solution, and they made their way to the kitchen section. The store assistant watched them go, but she made no attempt to follow. No doubt, James thought, she would be keeping an eye on them all the time they were in the store.
James jumped as Jessica grabbed hold if his arm. “Don’t do that, Jessica. What’s the matter?”
“It’s Heric and Daisy, over there in the gardening section. They must have driven their old campervan into town after we left. I expect they’re on their way home. They said they’d be gone by the end of the week.”
James edged closer, moving slowly so as not to attract attention. Jessica came with him.
“Weedkiller,” James said quietly, as Heric picked up a brightly coloured plastic bottle and showed it to Daisy. “They’re probably going to make themselves a nice cup of tea with it on the way back.”
After a short discussion, Daisy picked up a different bottle and they seemed to be comparing the instructions. Daisy nodded and put the second one in the shopping trolley. Then they moved to where there were a couple of garden pressure sprayers. They picked up a large one with a pump handle, nodded to each other, and made their way to the tills.
“They’re probably going to have a shower,” Jessica said, laughing. “There can’t be room for a shower in their campervan, and they’ve got smelly, but I don’t know why they need weedkiller.”
“It’s probably so long since they washed that they’ve got moss growing on their backs.” James walked across to the gardening display. “This is the weedkiller they bought. It’s meant for killing brushwood. You know, brambles and tough plants like that, but I expect it also kills moss.”
“Well, James, at least we’ve seen the last of them now. I can’t say I’m sorry to see them go. Whatever they were up to, it had nothing to do with Arraig Island.”
“I feel sorry for them in a way,” James said thoughtfully. “I think they got fed up looking for the White-Tailed Slippen.”

Chapter 12

There were several sizes of plastic boxes with lids, some more expensive than others, but the cheapest boxes felt as though they’d be rather brittle.
“Whichever sort we buy, Dad can use the sharp kitchen knife and cut out the bottom just inside the ridge that goes all the way round. This is a good one,” James said, picking out a small storage box with deep sides.
Jessica took it from him and examined it. “We need a laser for cutting out the bottom. Just zip, zip, zip, zip, and the bottom falls out neatly. It would be brilliant if we had one.”
“Do you mean to say you don’t have a laser app on your amazing phone?” James asked. “I thought for sure you’d have one on there!”
Jessica noticed the store assistant approaching slowly, pretending to adjust various items on the displays while watching them both. She put two small storage boxes in their shopping basket and said it was time to go and look for some sealant.
There weren’t many choices of sealant in the DIY section. They found six long cartridges of bath and other sealants, and just two tubes. One tube was black for gutters, and the other was white, for sinks and showers.
James was surprised to see that the tubes were slightly more expensive than the cartridges, although they contained much less. But if they bought a gun for the cartridges, the tubes would work out much cheaper. Jessica said the black sealant would be messy and probably get all over James’s fingers and clothes if he was the one to apply it, and James wisely settled for the tube of white silicone sealant.
Jessica looked round, smiled at the assistant, and they made their way to the till. The woman followed at a distance, as though she was suspecting they would run out without paying.
Five minutes later, with the till receipt safely in James’s back pocket, and their shopping in Jessica’s hands, they made their way to the supermarket to find James’s parents still buying food. James smiled. That sounded excellent.
Jessica, however, wanted the keys to the car. She said the cut on her arm wasn’t hurting, but the way she had been holding it out rather stiffly was making her shoulder ache. James said he’d sit with her and they could talk about making the underwater viewing box, and looking for Tarben’s Viking jewels.
“Tarben said they won’t be jewels, even if they are from the Vikings,” Jessica said, resting her arm on a pillow from the cottage Mrs Cooper had been thoughtful enough to bring. “The Vikings found brightly coloured stones and crystals on their journeys. They came in all shapes and sizes. They polished some of them, and others they left more or less in the shape they were when they found them. To make a necklace, all they had to do was to drill holes through them and––”
“The Vikings had electric drills?” James interrupted.
“All ancient people had drills, James. The Romans, the Ancient Egyptians, Bronze Age people. They did it with bows and cords, or bows with strips of animal hide. I’ve seen pictures, so it must be true.”
“I’ve heard the Vikings raided monasteries,” James said, wondering how it was possible to use a bow to drill a hole. Bows were handy for shooting arrows, not for making holes. “So nobody could call them peace-loving people.”
Jessica agreed. “Let’s not discuss it with Tarben. He might be sensitive about it. I think the Vikings became much less warlike as time went on, and that’s when they settled around the coast of England and Scotland.”
James nodded. “I’m sure Tarben likes to think of his ancestors being the Vikings who came later and settled, not the murdering raiders. Good, here come my parents. I hope they remembered the honey.”
“It doesn’t matter if they haven’t,” Jessica said. “I’m going there now to buy my two jars to take home. And I don’t think your mum and dad are going to buy ten jars, but you can always hope!”

When they got back to Puffin Cottage, both James and Jessica were impatient to get started on the viewing box, but James’s mother was setting out the lunch and didn’t want anyone getting in the way.
As James sneaked a small but sharp kitchen knife from the drawer, his mother caught hold of his arm. “Oh no you don’t, my lad. The last thing I want to see when we sit down for lunch is blood all over the table. Put the knife back where you found it.”
“It’s not for me, Mum. Dad is going to do it.”
His mother didn’t let go. “I don’t care whose blood it is, I just don’t want to see it in here. Put it back.”
His father, who must have been listening, came into the small kitchen. “Don’t worry, Amy. If you don’t need any help at the moment, I’ll do it in the garden. A little bit of blood won’t show on the grass.”
Mrs Cooper let go of James reluctantly. “Just make sure you keep well out of the way when your father is flashing that knife about. Understood? The village medical centre in the village isn’t open again until Friday, and I don’t suppose there’s enough orange heather on that island to cope with a half-severed leg.”
“There’s nothing to it, Mum,” James insisted. “We bought two sandwich boxes. So if it all goes wrong, there’s a spare.”
“How do you mean, if it all goes wrong?” Mrs Cooper asked.
Jessica came into the kitchen in time to hear what was being said. “We’re keeping the spare box to put James’s thumb in when he cuts it off. He wants to take it to school to show his friends.”
James shook his head. “I don’t know why,” he told her, “but I’m not allowed to do it. But we can watch.” Then he added, looking at his father, “As long as we keep at a safe distance from a spurting artery.”
It turned out that it was just as well they had bought two boxes. James’s father hadn’t realised how hard he was pressing, and as the knife blade broke through the bottom of the box which was upside down, it split down one side.
The surgery on the second box was completely successful. The bottom was cut out carefully, leaving a ridge that ran all the way round the box.
Jessica held up the white frame with the baby and teddy bear. “Are you sure you don’t want to keep it?” she asked James. “You could put a picture of yourself in there. You’d look ever so pretty.”
James just muttered as he took the frame from his cousin, ripped off the polythene packing and removed the clips that held the backing board in place. He pulled out the acrylic sheet and looked through it. “This isn’t much good. I didn’t realise it would be cloudy. It didn’t look cloudy when we bought it. What’s happened?”
Jessica reached across and took it from him. She peeled away a layer of protective film and handed it back to James without comment.
James looked through the sheet again, nodded, and handed it to his father. “All you’ve got to do now, Dad, is cut this in half. It’s twice the size we need.”
His father examined it. “I think this might be brittle, too. If I score a line across the centre, I should be able to snap it in half. It’s no good trying to cut it all the way through with this knife. Jessica, go into the kitchen and find something with a long straight edge. A baking tray. Something like that.”
“I’ll go,” James said quickly. “Jessica needs to take it easy. For now, anyway.”
Jessica wasn’t sure if he was being polite or taking a dig at her, but she thanked him and he soon reappeared with a metal baking tray. Mr Cooper turned it upside down, placed the long edge over the plastic sheet, and drew the point of the knife across several times, pressing down heavily. The plastic sheet now had a white line cut into it.
“You two stay out here,” he said. “I’m going indoors to snap this over the edge of the kitchen worktop.”
The Two Jays stayed where they were, waiting anxiously for a sharp snapping sound, with James hoping there wouldn’t be a scream from his father as a flying acrylic splinter stuck in his eye.
His father reappeared, his eyes intact and a smile on his face. “That’s the tricky part done. Now all we have to do is stick the two together with that sealant, and leave it to dry overnight.”
“Overnight?” James said. “Can’t we use it now?”
“Sorry, James. You’ve bought a silicone sealant, which is a good choice. It will be completely watertight, but it needs time to dry properly and grip. If you use it too soon, the acrylic sheet could float off and sink to the bottom of the rock pool. If it’s as deep as you say, how are you going to get it back? We’re not planning to go into town again just yet to get more kit.”
“Oh!” Jessica put her hand to her mouth. “Yes, how would we get it back? That rock pool is like a pit with smooth sides.”
James shrugged. “No problem. I could lower you down by your ankles. You’d be able to reach it then.”
“He’s so thoughtful, isn’t he, Uncle Clive! You don’t understand the problem, James.”
“It’s not my problem,” James said. “It would be your problem if I let go.”
“The problem, James,” Jessica said impatiently, “is that if we couldn’t get the acrylic sheet back, how are we going to recover the coloured stones? If that’s what they are. And you can forget about lowering me by my ankles.”
“I thought lowering you by your ankles was a genius idea,” James said.
His father said, “Why don’t you zip it, James? You’re trying to run before you can walk.”
“What does that mean, Dad? Is it something to do with horses again?”
“It means you’re trying to plan too far ahead. Go over tomorrow and see what really lies at the bottom. If it’s only some brightly coloured shells, there’s no point in worrying how you’re going to get them up. But the idea of lowering you by your ankles does seem attractive. I think I’m strong enough to hold you by your socks, but if I let go ... well, I can say it was your idea in the first place. And I’ll always have your socks to remember you by.”
Jessica smiled to herself. She didn’t need to wonder from where James inherited his weird sense of humour.

Chapter 13

Once again James was awake early. As he sat on the end of his bed, having his usual quiet time with Jesus, he could hear someone moving about in the kitchen. He said a rather hurried Amen, and went to investigate.
Jessica was helping herself to cereal. “I’m glad you’re awake, James,” she said. “Heric and Daisy are back. I went outside to breathe in the early morning Scottish air, and there was their campervan, exactly where it was before.”
“Well, they keep themselves to themselves, so it’s not a big problem.”
Jessica shook her head. “There’s more. They were coming back along the causeway from Arraig Island, and Heric was carrying a spade.”
“Treasure!” James said. “They have been digging for treasure. Whatever they find, they won’t be able to keep it. The island belongs to the Macaulay family. It’s private land.”
“That’s exactly what I was thinking,” Jessica said in excitement, holding out her arms.
James noticed how easily she did it. “How’s your arm this morning, Jessica?”
“Oh,” she said, “I’ve not really thought about it, so it must be getting better. Let’s not worry about my arm. What are we going to do about Heric and Daisy?”
“It’s not up to us, Jessica. We’ll tell the Macaulays, and Mr Macaulay can sort it out. He looks really scary with his big ginger beard, even though he’s friendly. But if they weren’t carrying anything, apart from the spade, they probably haven’t found any treasure yet.”
At breakfast, James’s parents agreed that the Macaulays should be told about the couple from the campervan as soon as possible, in case they left the area.
“The tide is still coming in,” James said, “otherwise we could go across and see where they’ve been digging.” He looked up at the kitchen clock. “The tides are nearly an hour later today than yesterday, so we won’t be able to get across until after lunch. What a nuisance.” He pushed his plate away. “Well, I’ve finished. Let’s go and find Tarben.”
His mother had other ideas. “Not so fast, my lad. You’re washing the breakfast things this morning. And don’t groan like that. You can’t expect Jessica to help, with her bandaged arm. It will only take five minutes if you go about it properly. And then you can find Tarben.”
The deadly chores done, for James called washing the dishes a deadly chore, they set off for Achachork Cottage. The day felt much warmer than it had done earlier, and there wasn’t a cloud to be seen in the sky. The waves lapped gently around Arraig Island, and the occasional gannet dived into the sea.
“Hi, you two, where are you going?”
They turned in surprise when they heard Tarben’s voice. He was walking up from the beach.
“Hi,” Jessica called back. “How’s the leg? We didn’t expect to see you walking about.”
Tarben came up to them, although he hobbled a bit. “Not too bad. I didn’t use the quad bike. I walked down here for the exercise. Those rocks took a fair bit of skin off my leg and ankle, but it doesn’t stop me walking. What are you planning today?”
Jessica, with constant interruptions from James, explained about Heric and Daisy coming back from the island carrying a spade.
“My dad needs to know,” Tarben said, looking serious.
“We’re on our way to tell him,” Jessica said, glad to get a word in without her cousin interrupting.
Tarben pointed to the campervan. “I thought they’d gone yesterday. They came back late in the evening, worse luck. I don’t like them hanging around here, and now they’ve been to the island with a spade, that won’t be good news.”
“We saw them in Skayness,” James said. “They were buying weedkiller and a garden sprayer. They didn’t see us. We thought they were on their way home.”
In Achachork Cottage, his beard seeming even more bushy and ginger today than before, Mr Macaulay looked grim when he heard what the Two Jays had to say. “Now why would they need a spade on the island? I’m not bothered about the weedkiller. I can’t say I approve of it myself, although we used it to clear the brambles at the bottom of the garden last year. Still got the bottle somewhere.”
When he described the make, James said, “That sounds like what those two were buying. So it’s really powerful?”
Mr Macaulay nodded. “Kills anything it comes into contact with. Wait here a moment.”
He hurried outside and came back with a bottle that looked identical to the one Heric and Daisy had bought in Skayness.
“That’s it,” James said.
“Exactly it,” Jessica added.
Mr Macaulay put on his jacket, with some difficulty. “I’m off to see them, Morag,” he said angrily. “They’ve no right to be digging anything on Arraig Island.”
“Can we come with you, Dad?” Tarben asked eagerly.
His father shook his head. “Best you three keep out of it.” Then he frowned and turned to James. “It would be a good idea if your sister came with me.”
“Cousin,” James said.
“Aye, your cousin. If they deny everything, the lassie can be a witness. Perhaps you’d better come as well, Tarben. And you, James.”
As they approached the campervan, the door was open and they could hear Heric and Daisy arguing loudly inside.
“I still say we should get more samples,” Heric was saying. “Once we’ve sprayed it, that will be our last chance. It’s no good coming back next year for more.”
Jessica felt embarrassed to be listening to someone else’s argument, but it did sound interesting.
“We’ve heard enough,” Mr Macaulay said. “I dinnae ken what they’re arguing about, but it’s time I confronted them.” He went closer to the open door. “We need to have a word,” he said in a voice of authority.
Heric and Daisy immediately went silent. Heric came to the door looking as angry as he had sounded a moment before. “This side of the bay is public land,” he said. “My name is Heric Barker, so please go away and mind your own business. Is that clear?”
Daisy joined him at the door. “Yes, go away and mind your own business.”
Mr Macaulay caught hold of the door before Heric could pull it shut. “Mr Barker, this end of the bay is public land, but the island belongs to me. So tell me what you were doing there with a spade this morning.”
“Who says they saw us with a spade?” Daisy demanded. She had taken over from Heric in trying to pull the door closed against Mr Macaulay’s strong grip from his left arm.
“That’s irrelevant,” Mr Macaulay said. “Do you deny it?”
Jessica breathed a bit more easily now that her name hadn’t been mentioned as the witness. She didn’t want a confrontation with this angry couple.
“That’s our business,” Heric snapped. “Now please stop harassing us. What we are doing doesn’t concern you. So just go away.” This time he managed to get the door closed. They heard the lock snap shut.
Mr Macaulay signalled to Tarben, James and Jessica to come away down the hill. When they were some distance away, he said, “The Barkers are guilty of something, that’s for certain. I just don’t know what it can be.”
Something clicked in James’s brain. A spade. Weedkiller. Digging something up. “They’re going to steal some of the orange heather and kill the rest of it with weedkiller,” he said. “I’ve no idea why. Anyway, we’re probably too late. They’ve already sprayed it, and all your heather will be dead in a few days.”
“That’s terrible,” Jessica said. “Mr Macaulay, do you think James is right?”
Mr Macaulay looked troubled. “Aye, lassie, I’m afeared your cousin has hit on the truth. You go back. I’m going to have this out with them.” And he marched angrily back up to the campervan.
Tarben shook his head as he watched his father go. “Let’s stay here a moment,” he said to James and Jessica. “We can’t come to any harm at this distance, and if we see them attack my father, we may need to get help.”
That sounded a sensible suggestion, and James, although he didn’t like to see an angry confrontation, felt fascinated by the thought of Heric and Daisy being caught out.
“But if they’ve already sprayed the heather,” Jessica said, biting her lip, “there’s nothing anyone can do about it.”
“Let’s see,” James said. “Hold on, they’re showing your father the container of weedkiller we saw them buy in Skayness yesterday. And the pressure sprayer. Tarben, judging by the way your father is holding the weedkiller, the bottle seems to be heavy. And the sprayer looks empty. What a relief.”
“So what were they doing with the spade?” Jessica asked.
“It doesn’t matter about the spade,” Tarben said. “At least our orange heather is safe. They can’t have dug it all up.”
“I can’t wait for the tide to go out,” James said, staring across at Arraig Island. “They’ve been up to something on there. We need to check it out.”
They watched Heric snatch the bottle of weedkiller back from Mr Macaulay. Mr Macaulay said something they couldn’t hear, and came away with an angry scowl on his face, only partly hidden by his beard.
“Come on, you three,” he muttered when he reached them. “Let’s get away from here. They claim they saw a body on the beach at the far end of the causeway, and went across to bury it before the flies got to it.”
“A body?” Jessica said. “That’s terrible.”
“Aren’t you supposed to report a body to the police?” James said, pulling a face. “You can’t just bury someone if you find them dead.”
“The earth isn’t deep enough anywhere on the island to bury someone,” Tarben added. “I should know. I’ve been there often enough.”
Mr Macaulay smiled for the first time since he’d left the house. “Nay, it wisna human body. It was the body of a young seal pup. They said they couldna bear seeing it lying there.”
Tarben clenched his fists. “Like I said, there’s nowhere on the island to bury any sort of body. Not even a seal pup.”
His father shook his head. “Come on, Tarben, it’s time I went and had a sit down. It doesn’t do me any good to get angry like this. They said they buried it deep in the sand, and I cannae bear talking to them again.”
“We can check,” Jessica said. “I don’t mean dig it up to check, but we’ll be able to see if something has been buried there. The sand won’t be flat.”
“The tide will take care of that, lassie,” Mr Macaulay said. “It’s like when you were a wee bairn and built sandcastles on the beach. The tide comes in, covers it, and the beach looks new again. Now then, Tarben, when the tide goes out, you and your two friends can go over to the island and see what Mr and Mrs Barker have been up to, but keep well away from them. Those two could be trouble.”

Chapter 14

As his father walked away still looking angry, Tarben turned to the Two Jays, “Do you believe the Barkers? I think my dad was just too shaken to argue with them.”
Jessica flopped down on the soft grass and looked up at the sky. “I suppose they could have found a baby seal and buried it. It’s sad if they did find one.”
“I mean about the weedkiller,” Tarben said. “You heard what they said when they were arguing. I agree with James. It sounds as though they’re going to dig up more of the heather, and kill the rest with weedkiller.”
James lay on the grass next to Jessica, and picked a short stalk of one of the dark pink flowers that grew everywhere. “Is this wild clover?”
Tarben nodded. “I think so. Let’s not talk about the flowers. We need to stop those two spraying weedkiller over the heather.”
James had the stalk between his teeth. He didn’t think clover was poisonous, but he wasn’t going to chew it, just in case. “If they were talking about the heather, then yes, that’s their plan. They said, or rather shouted, ‘Once we’ve sprayed it, that will be our last chance. It’s no good coming back next year for more.’ Or something like that.”
Tarben stayed on his feet. He pointed to the headland where the campervan was parked. “Look, they’re driving off. My father must have scared them after all. Problem solved.”
James got quickly to his feet. “They’ve not gone for good. They’ve left stuff behind on the ground. I can see the pressure sprayer they bought, and something bright that could be the weedkiller. And all sorts of other things. They’ll be back.”
“Let’s tip the weedkiller away while they’re gone,” Jessica suggested.
Tarben looked horrified. “You can’t just tip weedkiller away. You’d pollute the ground or the sea.”
James thought back to last summer in Sheppingford, and the poison in the wells. [See The Two Jays Adventure, the first Two Jays story.] “Not a good idea,” he agreed. “Tarben, I’ve got one of my great ideas again.”
“He thinks he’s got a great brain,” Jessica said, still lying on her back staring up at the sky.
“I have got a great brain,” James insisted. “It’s huge. It’s as big as a dinosaur’s brain.”
Jessica laughed.
“What?”
“Dinosaurs had tiny brains,” Jessica said. Then she sat up. “Anyway, share.”
James ignored his cousin’s rudeness. “If we tip Heric and Daisy’s weedkiller away, wouldn’t that be stealing? But if we wash out Mr Macaulay’s bottle several times, and fill it with clean water....”
“We could swap it,” Jessica finished. “You really do have a great brain, James. Dinosaurs would have been jealous of you. And if Heric and Daisy aren’t going to do anything bad with it, we can give it back to them when they’re ready to leave. They’ll be angry, but then it sounds as though they get angry a lot, so they’ll be used to it.”
“Stay here,” Tarben said. “James, you have the brains of twenty dinosaurs. Maybe fifty. Keep a watch out for the campervan. I’ll be back with my dad’s bottle as fast as I can.”
Jessica looked at the bandage round Tarben’s lower leg and ankle. “Take your time, Tarben. We don’t want you having another accident.”
In spite of Jessica’s thoughtful advice, Tarben hurried up the lane that led to Achachork Cottage, hopping and skipping in his cropped jeans as he tried to go quickly while trying to avoid too much discomfort.
They waited five minutes. Then ten. Then fifteen. The Two Jays shared their time between staring up the lane towards Achachork Cottage for Tarben, and the site where Heric and Daisy had been parked.
James had been patient long enough. “I’m going up to see just how much stuff Heric and Daisy have left there. Maybe they’ve just dumped it. Some people do that. Just litter the countryside with things they don’t want anymore.”
Jessica caught hold of his sleeve. “James, wait here. If Heric and Daisy come back and see you poking around, we’ll never be able to change the bottles over. Even if they come back now, they might leave everything outside the campervan until later, and we can do it when they’re not looking. Anyway, we don’t need to worry about that. Here comes Tarben on his quad bike. Just as well he’s still able to use it. He seems to be walking a lot, and I’m worried he’s going to make his leg worse. You took a lot of skin off his leg and ankle when you dragged him clear of the rocks.”
James nodded. “Better that than drowning. You and Tarben are really putting the healing power of that ointment to the test.”
Tarben showed them the weedkiller bottle proudly. “My dad says it’s a brilliant idea, James. There wasn’t much left, and he’s tipped it into a jar and he’s going to dispose of it safely. You stay here while I change the bottles over.”
Jessica held her hand out for the bottle. “It looks a bit grubby,” she said. “James, you’re the healthiest one of us here. Run down to the sea and give it a good soaking, and rub the dirt off with your hand.”
James took it. “It’s just as well everything is printed straight onto the plastic. I’ll wash it, and I’ll be the hero who takes it up and changes it over. I can move quicker than either of you in the state you’re both in.”
The printing on the bottle came up bright and clean in the seawater, and although there were several scratches, it was unlikely Heric and Daisy would notice them.
His heart beating rapidly, James made his way cautiously towards the place where the campervan had been parked. He looked at the things on the ground. Yes, they would definitely be back. He could see all sorts of kitchen bits and pieces here, as well as the pressure sprayer and the bottle of weedkiller. In fact, just about everything from the campervan that could be removed, apart from bedding, was strewn on the grass.
Although it was the same brand of weedkiller, the design on the two bottles was slightly different, but near enough, and only a close comparison between the two would ring alarm bells for Heric and Daisy. He made the change and started down the hill. In the distance he could hear the sound of a vehicle approaching.
As he hurried, he caught his ankle in a small hole some animal must have dug. He fell flat on his face, the container of weedkiller flying from his hands and bouncing down the hill, turning over and over.
He lay where he was for a moment, watching the bottle come to a halt. Fortunately the cap stayed on and the bottle didn’t split. He got to his feet expecting to feel a sharp pain in his ankle, but all seemed well. He’d survived. So now there would still only be two invalids, not three. Just as well, he thought. That ointment was okay to use on Jessica and Tarben, but he didn’t fancy testing it on his own wounds!
Heric was driving the campervan slowly over the rough ground. James joined the other two, and they sat on the grass to see what would happen next. James reckoned they were far enough away not to look suspicious.
After stopping in what looked like exactly the same place as previously, Heric jumped from the driver’s door, and Daisy exited through the side door of the van and placed the wooden chocks under the back wheels. They looked at their stuff on the ground and began to load it piece by piece.
“Perhaps they’d been to get the van vacuumed out,” Jessica suggested. “I can’t think why else they’d empty it. Look, there goes the pressure sprayer and ... there goes the weedkiller. Daisy didn’t even look at it. Well done, Tarben.”
James still felt worried. “Supposing they leave today or tomorrow morning? They’ll have a container of water instead of the weedkiller they bought. That doesn’t seem right to me.”
“They won’t be leaving yet,” Tarben said. “They told my dad they’re here until Saturday. But we need to take turns watching them, to make sure they don’t go across to the island with the pressure sprayer. If they don’t go anywhere near the island, we’ll keep their bottle of weedkiller handy, and give it to them before they leave.”
James shook his head. “I’m not staying up all night to watch them,” he protested. “And neither are you, Tarben. I can’t think your parents would let you do that.” He looked at the causeway. “The tide is well in now. Say another hour to high tide.”
Tarben sat on the grass next to Jessica and looked at the causeway. “The earliest anyone can cross the causeway is just over three hours from high tide,” he explained. “So we don’t need to watch the Barkers until after lunch. If they cross at the first opportunity, they’ll have to be off the island within six hours, before the causeway is covered again.”
“That’s the advantage of local knowledge,” Jessica said, with a hint of admiration in her voice. “Well done, Tarben.”
James wasn’t to be outdone. “And we’ll be over there some of the time anyway, with the viewing box so we can see what’s in the deep pool. So there are only six hours when the causeway is uncovered, and that’s the only time we need to keep an eye on Heric and Daisy.”
Tarben frowned. “Why do you call them that? I thought they were Mr and Mrs Barker.”
“He’s Eric Barker,” Jessica explained, “but he pronounces Eric as Heric, and his wife is Daisy. Heric and Daisy. So that’s what we call them.”
They agreed to split up, and meet again at one o’clock, which was earlier than the Barkers could possibly use the causeway, and there was no sign of them having a boat.
“So at one o’clock we lie in wait where they can’t see us,” James said. “And if we see them carrying the spade or the pressure sprayer across, we can tell them we know exactly what they’re doing, while Tarben takes his quad bike and fetches his dad.”
Tarben and Jessica agreed to the plan without any argument.
“Okay,” James said, “we all meet here at one. Jessica, let’s go and test the viewing box in the kitchen sink. The sealant is sure to be dry by now.”
“Hold on a moment, Tarben,” Jessica said, as Tarben began to mount his quad bike. “When will the tide be out enough so it’s safe to use the viewing box in the Viking pool?”
Tarben sat on the bike, frowning. “Good question, Jessica. The tide had already turned when I got there yesterday morning early. We don’t want to risk being caught like that again, just in case of another accident. That means we need to be over there with the viewing box about five this evening. If we have to wait a bit, that won’t matter.” He laughed. “Better to be early, just in case something unexpected happens.”

Chapter 15

The viewing box seemed to be watertight when tested in the kitchen sink, but after those successful trials the morning dragged. Tarben went home on his quad bike, managing to ride it perfectly well. As he had pointed out several times, it was his leg and ankle, not his foot that had been injured.
“Won’t that tide ever go out?” James asked impatiently, waiting for the first sign of the causeway appearing. “There hasn’t been a big storm that’s suddenly washed it away. So where is it?”
Jessica was more relaxed. “When it happens, it happens,” she said, looking up from her book. “Heric and Daisy can’t get across to the island either, unless they’re going to swim. Stop worrying about it.”
James’s parents had planned a walk in the hills, but they stayed back rather reluctantly, because they said there was no way those three were going to be on the island without contact with the walkie-talkie, and the handsets might well be out of range in the hills. So everyone had a frustrating morning.
Eventually parts of the causeway showed between the small waves that lapped over it. Then more, and soon enough of it was showing to enable them to get across.
“Right,” Mr Cooper said, “you can go now.”
James shook his head. “It’s going to be nearly three hours before we can get to the deep pool.”
“In that case,” his father said, “we could all have gone out together, and been back in plenty of time.”
“Uncle Clive,” Jessica said, who had been listening while still reading her book, “we have to stay on guard to make sure Heric and Daisy don’t get across to kill the orange heather.”
“And who are Heric and Daisy, may I ask?”
James laughed. “Dad, it’s really Eric and Daisy. Mr and Mrs Barker in the campervan.”
His father nodded. “Just as long as there’s no trouble. They’re not very nice people. If you really are going to save the heather, and if it’s not some crazy idea that you’ve got in your head, James, then I’m all for it. Why don’t you go to the end of the garden and watch through the hedge? Then the Barkers won’t see you watching if they try to cross. Call me if they do, and I’ll come with you to have a word with them. They’ll likely take more notice of me.”
They heard the sound of an engine, and for a moment they thought Heric and Daisy were moving off, but they quickly realised it was Tarben on his quad bike. He grinned when he saw them, and then glanced at the causeway, the top of which was now completely uncovered. “Any sign of them?” he asked.
Both Jessica and James shook their heads. “If we want to catch them,” James said, “my dad says we ought to hide where Heric and Daisy can’t see us. Come on down to the end of the garden.”
Tarben showed them a long grab with a yellow handle that he had brought on the bike rack. “It used to be granda’s.”
“Granda’s?” Jessica asked.
“Aye, my granda. My grandfather. My dad uses it occasionally when his back is hurting. It wasn’t only his arm that got damaged on that trawler. But he says it’s fine to borrow it now, although we have to wash it in clean water afterwards, in case the salt corrodes it. It’s mostly aluminium.”
James and then Jessica examined it, and tried picking up leaves and small bits and pieces on the lawn with reasonable success.
James gave it one hundred percent approval, but Jessica wondered if it would be long enough. “Those coloured stones looked too far away to reach with this, but let’s give it a go. It was clever of you to think of it, Tarben”
Jessica was finding her new book on her phone much too interesting and exciting to put away. There were some folding chairs which the three took down to the end of the garden, and Jessica continued to read, confident that the other two would keep their eyes open.
The afternoon passed even more slowly than the morning had. There was no sign of movement in the campervan, and everyone decided that Heric and Daisy had probably gone for a walk, perhaps to look for the White-Tailed Slippen, and weren’t going to the island after all.
Eventually Tarben said it was time to make a move and wait by the deep pool for it to be uncovered.
He fetched a pair of dark green Wellington boots that were on the rack behind the seat on the quad bike. “My mum says I have to wear these to keep my bandage dry,” he explained. “Come on, let’s go.”
James felt the viewing box was rather fragile and might come apart or break if he dropped it, so he put it in a shoulder bag. Tarben carried his grandfather’s grab with the yellow handle, his Wellington boots rubbing together with a flopping sound as he walked.
Before going to the deep rock pool on the south bay, they went across to check on the orange heather. Tarben gave a cry of dismay. “I knew it! Look, those two have dug some of it up.” He pointed to an area on the edge where the ground had recently been covered with small stones and grit, in a poor attempt to disguise what had happened.
James shook his head, while Jessica went forward to the heather and rubbed her hand over the orange flowers. “It’s all dry, which means it hasn’t been sprayed recently,” she said. “So that’s probably good news.”
“But where’s the heather they’ve dug up?” Tarben said, turning round and scanning the island, although much of it was hidden by the two humps.
“Where would you hide it if you dug it up secretly?” James asked.
“I wouldn’t dig it up,” Tarben said firmly. Then he thought. “I get what you mean. I’d put it in a sack and hide it near the causeway where I could get to it quickly at night, when no one’s around. Brilliant, James. There are several boulders they could put it behind out of sight.”
They went back the way they had come, checking behind the boulders that littered the top of the island. Tarben spotted it first. A black bin liner, bulging with its contents, lay between two large boulders near the top of the small bay where the causeway started.
Tarben opened it and looked up angrily. “A whole load of orange heather, roots and soil, ready for replanting! Well, they’re not getting them. We’ll take them with us and we can replant them later. There’s no hurry, if we keep them damp with fresh water.”
“Talking about hurry,” Jessica said, “we need to get down to that rock pool. Tarben, didn’t you say that we only get an hour max with the top of the pool uncovered, before the tide covers it again?”
Tarben quickly handed the long-handled grab to Jessica and hoisted the bag over his shoulder. “You’re right. Come on, let’s go.”
They made their way to the south side of the island and scrambled down the rock face to the beach littered with rocks. They still had a few minutes to wait before the tide was out far enough for them to get to the rock pool.
Tarben was looking at the pool as small waves broke over the top of it. “You wouldn’t believe what I was thinking about when I was trapped and thought I was going to drown. I tried not to panic, and I started to pray.”
“Everyone prays when they’re in trouble, even people who don’t believe in God,” Jessica said. “But you told us you’re a Christian, Tarben.”
“I am,” he said confidently. “I imagined myself going to heaven, and God asking me why He should let me in.” He laughed. “I said you wouldn’t believe what I was thinking.”
“What were you thinking?” Jessica asked.
Tarben’s laugh turned to a smile. “If this had happened last year, I would have told God that my parents were Christians, that I went to the Kirk, and I didn’t swear like some in the school. And once I gave all my birthday money to a missionary visiting our Kirk.” He shrugged. “That would have been about it.”
“So what happened?” Jessica asked, keeping an eye on the top of the rock pool.
“I was in the Kirk – that’s what we call our church – and the visiting speaker said that believing in God wasn’t enough. He said the demons believe in God, and they tremble. That’s in the Bible. And the Bible says that if we confess the things we’ve done wrong, God promises to forgive us.”
James nodded. “That’s more or less my story, too. I thought as long as I was good enough, I’d get in. The trouble was, I knew I wasn’t good enough, and just leading a good life wouldn’t put the past right.”
Tarben nodded. “And the speaker told us Jesus said He’d never turn anyone away who came to Him. That was a wow moment. There and then I thanked Jesus for dying for me, and asked Him to forgive me. And then I promised to follow Him.” He turned to Jessica and grinned. “Like you and James, I’m one of God’s children now, for eternity.”
“So what were you going to tell God if you drowned yesterday?” Jessica asked. “You know, if God asked you why He should let you into Heaven.”
“What could I say? As the waves kept breaking over me and I was choking and spitting out seawater, I knew there was only one answer I could give. All I could say was, ‘Because Jesus died for me.’”
“And for me,” Jessica added quietly.
James nodded, “I’ve got friends with Christian parents, and they think they don’t need to do anything more, except be good. And they won’t believe me when I try to tell them that the Bible says being good isn’t enough.”
Tarben nodded towards Jessica. “My story is a bit different,” she said. “I grew up sort of knowing that Jesus died for me, but I remember one day thanking Him that He did. I don’t know if I was really a Christian before I thanked Him, but I knew I was afterwards. Since then, I’ve always wanted to put Him first, but I’ve not always done a very good job of it.” She thought for a moment. “Oh dear.”
The water was no longer breaking over the top of the pool they were going to examine.
“I’m taking my trainers off,” Jessica said. “James, roll up the legs of your jeans. You’ve already had them soaked through once this holiday. You should have worn shorts like I did, or cut the bottom off your jeans, like Tarben.”
James rolled his eyes. “Yes, my mum would be thrilled if I did that!”
Tarben pointed to some of the rocks on the beach. They looked freshly broken, rather than smoothed off by many tides. The older rocks on the beach had barnacles and strands of brown seaweed clinging to them. “Just be careful you don’t tread on any of them,” he warned. “Remember what happened to me when I was kneeling down. Frightening.” And he made a face. “And watch you don’t slip on the seaweed. We don’t want to fall and knock our heads on any of these rocks.”
James had only seen the offending two rocks under the water while rescuing Tarben, and hadn’t appreciated how large they were. They were huge – huge and jagged. No wonder Tarben hadn’t been able to move them or pull his leg out by himself. He nodded, and moved well clear.
He had also taken off his trainers and rolled up the bottom of his jeans as instructed by his cousin, and found the uneven layer of igneous rock on the beach surprisingly painful to walk on.
James handed the viewing box to Tarben. After all, he was the one who was more likely to know if the coloured stones, or whatever they were, were worth recovering.
Taking care not to splash water into his Wellington boots, Tarben crouched down by the rock pool and lowered the viewing box until the screen was just under the surface. He appeared to be taking his time, lifting it in and out of the water, and adjusting his position, while James and Jessica kept wondering what the verdict would be.
Eventually he looked up, a big grin on his face. “They’re Viking all right! Quick, Jessica, hand me the grab.”
Jessica went forward with the grab, hoping to have a look down to the bottom of the pool, but Tarben was too anxious to retrieve the stones to share the viewing box. With the viewing box in his left hand, and the grab in his right, he plunged his right arm under the surface. Almost immediately he withdrew the grab.
“No good?” James asked, noticing the disappointment on Tarben’s face.
Tarben handed the grab back to Jessica and shook his head. “It’s not quite long enough. It’s like Jessica said earlier, things look much closer under water than they really are. We need a longer grab, and I don’t think anyone makes them. I know my granda tried to get one.”
James asked Jessica to pass him the grab. He held the stem and moved the operating handle up and down. Then he nodded. “We can do it with this, but not today. We need a bamboo cane, some duct tape, and a long length of string. We tape the bamboo all the way down the aluminium stem, and tape one end of the string to the handle.” He moved it up and down to illustrate what he meant.
“And then what?” Jessica asked, as she tried to understand what James was trying to achieve.
“And we tie a big loop in the other end of the string,” James explained, “and see if we can anchor it at the top of the cane, but in a way that lets the string slide up and down. The spring in the grab handle always makes sure the jaws are open until we pull on the string. Got it?”
Both Tarben and Jessica nodded, but they didn’t look particularly convinced.
“Let’s go back now,” James said. “Tarben, we’ll go to yours, and let’s see if you can rummage up all the bits and pieces we need.”
“Hang on a moment,” Jessica said, sounding excited and getting her phone out. “Let me put this in the viewing box and I can take some photographs of the stones at the bottom. The camera will set itself automatically, and they’ll be sharply in focus. Come on, it’s worth a try.”
Tarben looks doubtful. “You’ll need flash.”
Jessica shook her head, but she smiled so as not to offend Tarben. “Flash will make the water look cloudy. Don’t worry, Tarben, the camera in this phone is amazing.”
James nodded. “I can vouch for that. This camera has caught thieves!”
Jessica had a sudden picture of the weight of the phone making the acrylic sheet come loose from the box, and her phone dropping slowly to the bottom of the pool to take its place with the coloured stones.
She need not have worried. After setting the camera to take three exposures on a delayed action, she proudly showed Tarben and James the results, using her fingers to zoom closer on the screen.
Tarben said, “Wow,” and James just nodded his appreciation. Knowing how good the camera was on Jessica’s phone, and how good she was at using it, he hadn’t expected anything less.
Feeling excited now that they had photographic proof of what was at the bottom of the pool, they scrambled up from the beach onto the top of the island.
Tarben suddenly dropped to the ground.
“It’s those two,” he said urgently. “They’re over there, by the heather!”
Heric had the garden pressure sprayer, and was spraying the orange heather, and the pink heather with which it grew, soaking it from one end of the patch to the other.

Chapter 16

Jessica started to laugh, but almost silently. “If only they knew they’re spraying it with water!” she said, beginning to giggle.
“But is it water?” James asked. “Supposing they noticed the two bottles were slightly different, and guessed what we’d done, and went back to Skayness to buy some more?”
Jessica put her hand to her mouth. “I hadn’t thought of that. Well then, the sooner we tell them to stop, the better. They might not have sprayed the whole lot yet.”
Tarben didn’t need to hear all Jessica had to say. He was on his feet, limping in his Wellington boots towards the couple from the campervan, shouting to them to stop. They looked up in surprise as he approached.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Tarben yelled. “Stop it at once!”
Heric released the trigger and the spray stopped immediately.
“Why are you spraying weedkiller on our heather?” he demanded.
James wondered how they were going to explain what they were doing. But they’d obviously thought this out, in case they were caught in the act.
“Calm down, Sonny Jim,” Daisy said. “We’re doing everyone here a favour.”
“What sort of favour?” Tarben said loudly. “You’re killing a valuable plant.”
Heric took over the explanation. “We understand ... er ... plant things ... botany,” he said, although he didn’t sound particularly convincing. James thought he probably understood botany as well as he understood ornithology. In other words, not at all.
Heric stood his ground. “Last year we took samples of this orange heather and did some tests on it. We discovered it can be highly damaging to livestock. It can make sheep and cattle unable to have young, or if they do have young, they may be severely deformed. And who knows the effect it could have on human births? This particular heather could easily spread to the mainland and become much more of a menace than Japanese Knotweed. So as my wife says, we’re doing everyone a favour.”
Daisy seemed anxious to get a word in. “Go back to your homes and leave us to carry out a service to the local community. Shoo! Go! You three are nothing but a nuisance.”
James looked at Jessica and Tarben, pretending to appear sympathetic with what the Barkers were doing. “I think we should leave them to it,” he said, managing to wink at each of them without Heric and Daisy noticing.
Fortunately, they both caught on to what he wanted them to do, although from their puzzled expressions he could see they didn’t understand his plan.
“Come on,” he said, pointing to the causeway, “let’s go.”
Tarben and Jessica followed, although rather reluctantly. When they were well out of earshot, Jessica said, “Well, what’s the big idea?”
“It’s like this,” James said. “If they’ve managed to spray the heather with weedkiller, it’s too late to do anything to help the plants. But if they’ve used the water we put in the other bottle, then no harm is done. One of us needs to get to Tarben’s house and phone the police.”
“It’s sort of a good idea,” Jessica said, nodding, “but the police may not be here for some time. It’s not like a major crime scene.”
“It is!” Tarben said. “You can’t get a crime much more major then destroying a plant that could be used for healing. It might be one of the most important medical discoveries in years.”
James nodded in agreement. “Tell you what, Tarben, you get on home on your quad bike and get your father to phone the police, and Jessica and I will get up to the campervan and let their tyres down. That will stop them getting away.”
“And when my dad comes down here, that will scare them.”
“Are you sure it’s okay to let their tyres down?” Jessica said. “We don’t want to end up in trouble ourselves.”
James shrugged. “I can’t see there’s a problem. They had no right to go on the island and spray the heather, whether they used weedkiller or plain water, and from what they said they obviously thought they were using weedkiller. They’re the ones in the wrong, not us. We’re not damaging the campervan, just giving them four flats to stop them getting away. What did they say? Doing everyone a favour by killing a plant that’s deadly to sheep and cattle? Let them try telling that rubbish to the police. I think your father will have something to say about it, Tarben!”

It took just over two hours for the police to appear, but while they were waiting, Mr Macaulay told the Barkers to sit in their van, which now had four flat tyres, and make no attempt to get out of it until the police arrived.
Jessica told James later that she would always remember the expression on Heric’s and Daisy’s faces when they heard they had been spraying the heather with fresh water, not weedkiller.
They eventually admitted that they had tested the cuttings they had collected last year, and thought the plants could be of commercial value. They were planning to make a lotion and sell it in small quantities, but their cuttings soon dried out. It seemed the flowers needed to be freshly cut, so they’d come back this year to get some plants they could grow in their garden, and kill the ones on the island to stop anyone else from using them.
When the police heard that there was only water in the pressure sprayer, they were not sure that a crime had been committed. In the event, they warned the Barkers that the prosecution service would decide if there was a case to answer, and they were never to set foot on the island again. And if they were seen in the area in future, they definitely risked prosecution.
As Jessica walked back to Puffin Cottage with James and her aunt and uncle, she looked back. Heric was red in the face, trying to inflate his tyres with a small foot-pump.
“Serves them right,” she said. “If it wasn’t for us, that valuable orange heather would be dead within the week.”
James was examining the yellow-handled grab again. “Come on, Jessica, let’s head on to Tarben’s house. If we’re going to recover those Viking beads, or whatever they are, this handle needs to be a bit longer. It’s too late to have another go at the rock pool today, but we can come back early tomorrow morning.”
“Are you sure it’s worth all the effort?” his mother asked when they explained their plan. “What Tarben thinks are Viking beads might be some shells washed into the rock pool by the tide.”
“Tarben thinks they’ve come from a Viking necklace that was buried above the beach,” James said, “and when some of the rocks fell down recently, the necklace fell with them. Then a wave lifted it up and washed it into the deep rock pool. Show my mum and dad the photos on your phone, Jessica.”
Jessica handed her phone to her aunt. Mrs Cooper looked at it, flicking between the three pictures Jessica had taken. She looked up, almost in surprise. “Well, these are good. You’ve convinced me, all of you. All I can say is, good hunting tomorrow. And, James, take care not to fall in headfirst.”
James’s active imagination pictured it happening. “That’s not funny, Mum.”

Chapter 17

Tomorrow came. Eventually. Jessica woke while it was still dark, but didn’t dare go back to sleep in case she missed all the fun. James knocked on her door just before five and told her Tarben had coasted down on his quad bike with the engine off so as not to wake everyone, and had tapped on his window. James looked as sleepy as she felt.
James let Tarben in, leading him to the kitchen and telling him to only whisper, because his mum and dad were still in bed. James’s parents had left some bread, honey, and breakfast cereal on the table, insisting that he and Jessica had something to eat before heading off to Arraig Island.
Tarben looked at it longingly, and Jessica guessed he’d skipped breakfast in order to be here on time. They hurriedly stuffed themselves with thickly cut bread and heather honey, in order to have enough energy for whatever lay ahead.
On Jessica’s insistence, James was wearing his light brown shorts. Tarben had his blue cut-off jeans and Wellington boots, so he wasn’t worried about getting his bandage wet.
They collected his grandad’s yellow handled grab that had now been modified by James’s father using a short piece of garden cane, string and duct tape, with some helpful and unhelpful suggestions from the three of them while they’d watched.
At the time, Jessica had expressed serious doubts about the length of the extension, saying it needed to be a lot longer. “Much too long would be best,” she had said. But she had been overruled by the others. James told her it would be fine and to stop worrying.
James now picked up one of the walkie-talkie handsets, as required by his parents, and put it in the shoulder bag with the viewing box, and they made their way to the beach.
The causeway stood well clear of the water. There was just a slight swell, but no waves. Tarben described it as a dead calm. Heric and Daisy had left as soon as Heric had managed to get enough air into his tyres, and they had the bay and the island to themselves.
“I hope we haven’t left it too late,” James said, as they approached the bay on the south side of the island, noticing how low the tide looked.
Tarben shook his head. “No problem,” he said confidently. “We’ve just had a full moon, so the tide will be a bit higher and lower than usual. Towards the end of March and the end of September, it’s really high and low, and that’s probably when the Vikings dug for the soapstone. But today we’ve got over half an hour when we can safely use our grab. If we wait a few minutes for the tide to go out further, we won’t get wet leaning over.”
James smiled to himself. Tarben was calling it “our grab” now, not his granda’s! It was great how well the three of them were getting on together, and he was glad he and Jessica had come to Arraig and met him. And he was now able to understand everything Tarben and his parents said, in spite of the Scottish accent that had completely messed with his brain when they first arrived.
James was staring with interest at the holes in the soapstone. “They wouldn’t have had long to do the digging,” he said. “And this was probably an island then, so they’d have needed to come by boat. And using a boat would have been a lot easier than building the causeway.”
“Who wouldn’t have had long to do the digging, James?” Jessica asked.
“The Vikings. I’m thinking it would make sense if some of them stayed on the island so they had an hour twice a day to do the digging. What about that bothy, Tarben? Are you sure it’s not a thousand years old?”
Tarben shook his head. “The foundations are just like the other buildings around here.” Then his eyes lit up in excitement. “There are some strange shapes in the ground around the bothy. I think Vikings had wooden buildings, not stone, so they could mark their foundations. I wonder if there was a Viking village on the island. That would explain the causeway. You’re a genius, James. The area close to the bothy certainly needs more investigation.”
Tarben took the viewing box from James and looked into the pool. “It’s okay, the coloured stones are still down there. There’s a long strand of seaweed got in overnight, but I can see them clearly. Hand me the grab, Jessica. I’ll have to watch out. I think there’s an octopus hiding down there in a hole to the side, waiting to grab my hand.”
“An octopus?” Jessica said in shock.
Tarben grinned at her. “Your cousin isn’t the only one who can make up nonsense.” He looked into the dark pool. “I’m hoping it’s nonsense, but I’m not so sure now I look down there again!”
He lay across the rock, soaking his T-shirt with the water that was still splashing around the pool, but he didn’t seem to notice in his excitement. As soon as Jessica handed him the grab, he pushed it fully below the surface. Then he pushed it even deeper, right up to his elbow.
Staying exactly as he was, he called out, “It’s no good, the grab is still too short.”
Jessica felt like saying, “Told you so,” but instead she said, “Let me see. My arms might be longer than yours.” She looked at Tarben as he stood up. “No, perhaps not. So what are we going to do?”
Tarben shook his head. “We should have listened to you, Jessica. You know, made the extension even longer than it could possibly need to be.”
James looked at the tide. It seemed to have stopped going out. Another few minutes and it would be coming in again, so it would be impossible to get to Puffin Cottage and look for a longer stick, and come back. And it would take even longer to get back to Achachork Cottage where Tarben lived.
“How about the broken hiking pole by the bothy?” Jessica said. “If we dry off the duct tape and unwrap some of it, it will still be sticky. And the string is more than long enough to pull the handle. I’ll go and get it.”
“I’d better go with you,” Tarben said. “I don’t want you falling and hurting yourself while we stay here on the beach. James, wait here and keep an eye on the tide. And don’t slip on any seaweed or get trapped under any rocks while we’re gone!” And he laughed.
James watched them scramble up the rocks and hurry out of sight, Tarben’s Wellington boots flopping as he walked. After a few minutes he got fed up waiting. He put the walkie-talkie handset well out of the reach of the tide, picked up the viewer, and made his way to the rock pool, being extra careful to take Tarben’s advice and not step on any of the loose or slippery rocks on the small beach.
The two rocks that had trapped Tarben’s leg seemed to have stabilised themselves now, but he wasn’t taking any risks. Keeping well clear of them, he knelt down and leaned over with the viewing box, soaking his front, just as Tarben had done.
The coloured stones, or Viking beads if that’s what they were, seemed to be calling out to him, “The tide is coming in. Be quick. Rescue us, rescue us. We might not be here tomorrow!”
The grab was leaning across one of the rocks within easy reach. It wasn’t that he doubted Tarben, but he wanted to see just how close he could get to the stones if he put his whole arm in. He took off his T-shirt, which was already soaked through at the front.
It was difficult to juggle the viewing box with his left hand and the grab with his right. He lowered the grab carefully, watching the end as he pushed it lower. The optical illusion was strange. He was pushing it a long way, and yet the end only seemed to be going down a short distance. No wonder they’d thought the short extension would be long enough. Well, everyone except Jessica. He wished they’d listened to her last night. The grab was still not quite close enough to the stones, even though he was now up to his elbow. Surely if he leaned right over....
Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained, as he’d heard someone say. This seemed to be the right moment for a venture. He pushed the grab further down, right up to his shoulder. And still it didn’t touch the bottom of the pool.
As he tried to lever himself upright, he felt his feet leave the beach. His face splashed into the water, then his head, then his shoulders. He felt himself plunging to the bottom before he could stop his fall. The water was icy cold, and would have taken his breath away if he hadn’t thought to keep his mouth firmly closed as he fell.
The strand of seaweed wrapped itself round his arm, and he thought of Tarben’s octopus. But he had more to worry about than that. He hadn’t even had time to take a deep breath before falling.
Letting go of the grab, he put his hands each side of the rock pool, and tried to push himself back up, but the sides were slippery with green algae and he stayed where he was. His breath wouldn’t last much longer, and because he was upside down the air had already run out of his nose in large bubbles, and the salt water stung his nose and eyes.
His hands came in contact with the grab, and he tried to push himself back up by holding onto it, with the end pressed firmly against the bottom of the pool. But his hands slipped and he went even further down until his hands touched the bottom.
He could see a red stone, and for some reason he caught hold of it, as though it would save his life. Then he prayed. He thought of Tarben wondering what God would say to him when he got to heaven, and he knew he would be there in a couple of minutes.
“Save me, Lord,” he wanted to shout, but he could only think it in his mind. But he knew God heard prayers that were thought, not only those that were said out loud.
As he prayed, he felt someone catch hold of his ankles. Within seconds, although it seemed like hours, he felt himself being pulled up to the surface.
“Thank you, Lord,” he gasped aloud, as he recovered his breath.
“Whatever were you doing, James?” Jessica said angrily. “Have you gone crazy? We thought you were dead.”
“Well I wasn’t,” James said, putting on an air of bravado to cover up his terrifying ordeal. He opened up his right hand and revealed the red stone. “I was getting this, that’s all. So stop fussing. You’re as bad as my mother.” Then he felt himself begin to shake, just as Tarben had done earlier. Now he understood why.
“Thanks, guys,” he muttered. “And thank You too, Jesus. Yes, Jessica, I really must have been crazy to try it on my own.”
“We’d better go back and get you changed,” Jessica said.
James shook his head. “No way,” he insisted. “Tarben, is this stone what you’re hoping it will be?”
Tarben examined it and looked up in excitement. “It’s got a small hole right through it. It’s definitely Viking,” he shouted. “Good for you, James, you’ve done it!”
James pointed to the top of the rock pool. “There are plenty more down there. Did you get the stick?”
“James,” Jessica said, “just forget about the stick.”
“No way,” James said.
Tarben pointed out to sea, to clouds coming in quite fast. “There’s going to be a strong westerly wind tonight,” he said. “Even though this beach faces south and is sheltered, the large waves will roll up the beach and make it too dangerous to be here at low tide.”
“So we have another go now,” James said. “Where’s the stick?”
Reluctantly, Jessica passed it to him. The hiking stick had been snapped at the end, but there was enough of it left to make the difference between recovering the beads now, and having to leave them for days. James even wondered if large waves would somehow sweep the beads out of the hole and they would be lost for ever.
Jessica dried the duct tape that was around the grab handle with the bottom of her T-shirt, and when they unwound some of it, it was still sticky enough to join the broken hiking pole to the cane and make the handle even longer. There was plenty of string, which James thought was just as well, because there was no way they would be able to get more in time.
The wind was already stronger, and the tide was starting to rise faster, bringing a larger ripple of waves up the beach. For fifteen minutes they took it in turns to use the viewing box and the extended grab, there only being enough room for one person to work at a time.
When James was having the final turn, Jessica stood close, ready to catch him by his ankles should he tip over again and go headfirst into the deep pool. She couldn’t believe how calm he seemed, but when he stood up, white in the face and shaking again, she knew he’d been putting on an act.
“We have to get back quickly,” she said, deciding to take charge. She felt responsible for James now. “Tarben, wrap the stones in your wet T-shirt. James, you need to put your T-shirt back on and keep warm. You look frozen. Come on, back to Puffin Cottage. Now!”
James did as he was told. He felt too exhausted to argue. “Don’t tell my mum and dad,” he said. “You can tell them I fell in, and it was all my fault, but you’re not to tell them I nearly drowned.”
Jessica promised she’d not say anything. It was up to him to explain, but she wasn’t going to tell lies. “Anyway,” she added, “your parents ought to know they’ve got a halfwit for a son.”
“They found that out a long time ago,” James said through chattering teeth. “Let’s hurry.”

Chapter 18
(Last Chapter)

When they got back to Puffin Cottage, James dumped the walkie-talkie and viewing box on the garden table and asked Jessica to go in and fetch a large towel from the bathroom. But his mother saw Jessica getting it, and followed her into the garden to discover the reason.
“James, how did you get into that state?”
James sighed. “It was all the fault of someone stupid,” he said, grabbing the towel and drying his head and chest.
His mother looked surprised. “Who?”
“Me. I overbalanced and fell in. And please don’t ask any more questions. I need to sit down for a few minutes. I don’t feel too good.”
His father had been attracted by the voices and also came out to see what was happening. Just as he was about to question James as to why he was soaked through, Jessica took the initiative and pulled Tarben forward from where he was standing at a tactful distance, clutching his bundled up T-shirt which held the precious stones.
“Have a look, Uncle Clive,” she said. “You won’t believe what we found.”
James’s father and mother watched while Tarben came forward and spread his T-shirt on the garden table, displaying a range of small red, yellow and black stones. With them were three clear crystals, all about the same size.
Tarben held one up proudly. “There’s a hole through each one. These were once a Viking necklace, or maybe part of one. It’s amazing to have them. The thread they used to join them together probably rotted long ago. The necklace must have been hidden in the ground above the beach for a thousand years, and a few weeks ago the stones fell out.”
James’s mother examined the stones. “If lots of them ended up in the pool, I think at least some of them were still joined together when they fell,” she said. “They would have fallen apart in the seawater, but I don’t think there are enough here to make a necklace.” She smiled. “I never thought I’d say this, but I think we ought to have a family expedition to search the whole beach. If we’re all together, we can turn every rock over. There must be more stones somewhere. What do you think, James?” She looked round. “Where’s James gone?”
“I expect he’s gone to change,” Jessica said. “The sea was very cold.”
“James,” his mother called out, “put all your wet things in the washing machine and set it to rinse. It’s the same as our machine at home. Are you listening?”
James called back that he was listening.
Mrs Cooper turned to Jessica. “What with washing the blood and dirt off your clothes from where you cut your arm, I never thought we’d have so much washing to do this early in the holiday. It’s a good thing there’s a washing machine in Puffin Cottage.”
“I expect the Macaulays put it in specially for families like ours, Aunty Amy,” Jessica said. Then she added, “I always bring plenty of spare clothes when I go on holiday with your family!”
James did as he was told, emptying his pockets before loading the machine. Then he went to soak himself in the small shower cubicle under a flow of hot water from the electric shower. It was a relief to know the hot water wasn’t going to run out, even if he stayed there all night. He felt it was possible he might have to do that to get warm again, and be able to enjoy the discovery of the beads without shaking.
When James eventually reappeared in clean clothes, Jessica could see he was still slightly in shock, and she sat him at the kitchen table and got him a hot drink.
Tarben had gone home to change, but promised to be back quickly. Jessica heard his quad bike coming down the lane. “Come and sit in the garden, James,” she said to her cousin as he sat on an upright chair in the kitchen staring into space. “Bring your drink. Tarben’s on his way.”
Already the sun had gone in, and dark clouds were coming fast from the west, driven by a chilly wind. James took one look at the clouds and went back indoors. “It might be going to rain soon, and I don’t want to get soaked again.”
James sat with Jessica and Tarben round the small kitchen table, with the box of beads in the centre. The beads had been washed and laid on a couple of folded paper towels.
“Tarben,” James’s father said, coming into the kitchen and looking in the box, “there’s a small museum in Skayness. We can always do some more shopping. Would you like to come with us and show your beads to someone there? We’re taking Jessica to the mobile surgery in Arraig this morning, just for a check-up. Then we could easily go on to Skayness.”
Tarben looked uncertain. “Suppose the museum kept them,” he said. “Could they make me give them up?”
Mr Cooper shook his head. “If it was gold or silver, even though you found it on your own land, there has to be an inquest. Sometimes a museum can insist on keeping gold or silver, but they have to pay the full value. But this is different. The necklace stones are yours, and they were found on your island. I’ll go in with you if you like, just in case there’s a problem.”
Tarben didn’t seem convinced. “They might ask me to leave them so they can show them to an expert, and I might never see them again.”
“Good point, Tarben. Perhaps you’re right to be concerned about it,” Mr Cooper said. “I’ll make sure that you bring them back with you. If they want an expert to see them, then the expert can call and see you at home. You’re right, you don’t want to let them out of your sight, although what are you planning to do with them eventually? They’re much too important to keep in this box under your bed.”
Tarben frowned. “I’ve not really thought about it, Mr Cooper. I’d like to keep them at home, but I suppose I could lend them....” He had to think for a moment. “No, they’re not really mine. They belong to the Macaulay family. My parents will have to make the decision. Do you think I ought to polish them up a bit and make them shiny?”
Mr Cooper shook his head. “If you polish them you’ll take away all their identity. You must keep them looking exactly as you found them. They’re old, and they need to stay looking old. So don’t do anything more to them. You’ve washed them, and that’s enough.”
Tarben thought for a moment. “I suppose my family could lend them for a temporary exhibition, but the museum mustn’t mention where they were found. We don’t want treasure hunters digging up Arraig Island looking for more. Heric and Daisy Barker have done enough damage there already.”
James felt himself waking up. He blinked. He’d hardly been aware of Tarben coming into the kitchen. “One of you had better go back to the island before the causeway gets covered, and rescue the sack of heather. You need to replant it as soon as possible.”
“It’s in the shade,” Tarben said. “It will keep until tomorrow.”
“Tarben,” James’s mother said, “I’d like to have a word with your parents about the heather, so please don’t do anything with it yet. I’ve had an idea, but I need to make a phone call before I speak to them.”
Tarben looked puzzled, but said his parents would certainly discuss it. “And can I come with you to Skayness, please?” he asked. “And, Mr Cooper, I really would like you to be with me when I go to the museum.” He pointed to the coloured stones. “These are too precious to leave with someone else.”
“Let’s go now,” James said, standing up slowly, and sitting down again quickly. “Well, in a few minutes, anyway.”

The doctor in the Arraig clinic unwound the bandage on Jessica’s arm, and smiled. “It’s healing really well. The scab needs to dry out, but I’ll replace the bandage for now. Tomorrow, Jessica can wear a lightweight sweatshirt without the bandage, or anything with long sleeves that will provide protection. But she must be careful not to knock it.”
Jessica passed the good news on to James and Tarben, and when they piled into the back of the car she noticed that James still didn’t seem fully with it.
They intended to arrive in Skayness in time for lunch. Mrs Cooper said it was time the family had a break from home cooking.
James was half asleep in the back of the car, sitting by one door, with Tarben in the middle. As he looked out of the window with bleary eyes, he kept replaying in his mind the way he had nearly drowned. Still in a daze, he suddenly said, “I didn’t know woolly mammoths were orange. I thought they were dark brown or grey.”
His father slowed the car. “What are you talking about, James? Woolly mammoths died out long ago. They’re extinct.”
“There,” James said, pointing a shaky finger to a field by the road. “See, they’ve got orange fur and long tusks.”
His father made a tutting noise as he drove on. “James, those are ordinary Highland cattle. They have long hair to keep warm in the winter.”
James was still finding it hard to get his thoughts together. “So why have they got tusks?”
Jessica began to laugh. “Those are their long horns. What’s the matter with you?”
James muttered, “Nearly getting drowned in the rock pool seems to have affected my brain.”
Mrs Cooper turned quickly from the front seat. “You didn’t say you nearly drowned, James.”
“Don’t worry about it, Mum. I’m okay now. Anyway, we’re talking about those mammoths.”
“You’d be better off not saying anything, if you can’t say anything sensible,” his father said. “Remember, I’m an expert on mammoths. When I was a boy, we had to go past a herd of them on the way to school. We always took cabbages to feed them in case they turned nasty.”
Jessica shook her head at Tarben, who was frowning and seemed to be taking her uncle seriously. “It’s a joke,” she said. “The biggest problem my uncle had was bad tempered dinosaurs blocking the road.”
Tarben gave a mystified, “Oh.”
Jessica smiled, and shook her head again. “Sorry, Tarben, that was a joke too. I seem to be getting as daft as James. I hope it’s not catching. The males in the Cooper family should have come with a health warning, shouldn’t they, Aunty Amy?”
James’s mum nodded. “You’re right, Jessica, but I found it out too late. I was already married by then!” And they both laughed.
When they reached Skayness, they discovered there was no rush to get to the town museum, because it only opened in the afternoons, Monday to Saturday.
There was some discussion and argument amongst James and Jessica over where they wanted to go for lunch, but Mrs Cooper insisted she was going to choose, and headed for the old-fashioned tea rooms next to the shop that sold the heather honey.
Jessica was pleased to see they did jacket potatoes in the oven, not in the microwave, and everyone seemed to share her choice, although they all differed in their fillings.
The small Skayness museum was in an old building in the centre of town, and it certainly was small. The only staff member on duty was a man on the reception desk. But at least there was no charge to enter.
With Tarben’s agreement, Mr Cooper explained the reason for their visit. The man, whose badge said Campbell Stuart, Museum Guide examined the stones in the box briefly. He agreed he had seen pictures of Viking stones like these, although someone called Craig McDonald was the expert on Viking material. Unfortunately he was away for the next three weeks.
“Would the laddie like to leave the box for when Mr McDonald returns?” the museum guide asked.
The laddie, Tarben, said, “Sorry, but no way. If Mr McDonald wants to see them he’ll have to come to Arraig, or maybe we can meet here at the museum. But I’m not letting them out of my hands.”
“I think Mr McDonald will be keen to put them on display here,” Campbell Stuart said, looking in the box again. “We have a small collection of some interesting Viking finds from the area, but we don’t have anything like these. He’ll be really disappointed if you don’t let him display them.”
“They’d have to be safe if we agreed,” Tarben said. “These belong to my family.”
Jessica looked on in admiration at the way Tarben was dealing with the matter so confidently.
“Aye, I understand, laddie,” Campbell Stuart said. “You might like to have a look round now you’re here. The Viking section is on the next floor. There isn’t a lot to see, because everything in this museum comes from finds in this area. Our biggest exhibit is from Victorian times, on this floor. Would you like to start there?”
Tarben shook his head. “Vikings,” he said firmly.
“Aye, then go up the stairs and the Viking room is straight ahead of you. You can’t miss it.” He laughed. “I expect you’re thinking that because I’m the guide, I ought to show you round. Unfortunately I need to be here for our visitors.”
As they turned to go to the old staircase, Mr Campbell called out, “If you want to take photographs, that’s fine. But don’t use flash. It’s important not to disturb the other visitors.”
The old staircase creaked loudly as the four of them made their way quickly up, and sure enough there ahead of them was a room with a sign over the door saying VIKINGS.
Tarben stared through the doorway in amazement. “I never knew this was here. I always thought museums would be boring places. Look over there, a Viking helmet!”
He hurried forward to the glass cabinet. “I wouldn’t mind one of those,” he said, sounding serious. “It says this one was found not far from here. You never know, it might have been worn by one of my ancestors.”
“If that’s a Viking helmet,” James said, as he came closer to look, “where are the horns?”
“Horns?” Tarben turned round in surprise. “Viking helmets didn’t have horns.”
“Of course they did,” James said. “I’ve seen pictures of them.”
Tarben smiled as he shook his head. “Modern nonsense. It all started in the nineteenth century with some artist’s impression. Since then, even in films, it’s become fake news.  I know it’s a bit battered, but this helmet is amazing. I wish I’d brought a camera.”
Jessica pulled her phone from the pocket of her red and white check shorts. “I’ll use this,” she said. “Just tell me what you want. I’ll send them on if you give me your email address. I’d like your address anyway. It will be good to keep in touch.”
Tarben pointed to the helmet first, and then to a few other things, and Jessica, with the high-end phone that had been her father’s, clicked away, making sure she didn’t use flash, although where the other visitors were, she had no idea. They seemed to be alone.
When Tarben was satisfied that Jessica had taken enough photographs, he returned again to stare at the Viking helmet. He didn’t seem bothered that it was broken and battered, and badly corroded.
“James and I were joking about helmets with horns,” Jessica said, standing with him. “It’s spoilt my image of Vikings now you’ve told us that.”
Before Tarben could say anything, a cry of distress came from James. “Oh no, what have I done!”
“Have you broken something?” Jessica called out in alarm.
“Of course not. Come over here,” James said. “See these stones? They’ve got strange carvings on them.”
“Runes,” Tarben said as he went across with Jessica. “It’s the writing the Vikings used.”
“Well,” James said slowly, “I found one just like these on the south beach, where we were looking for the beads. I thought it would be good to see how far out to sea I could skim it. It was the only flat stone I’d seen on the island.”
“You didn’t....” Jessica said in horror.
“I nearly did,” James said, “and then you called me over, and I dropped it to skip later, when you weren’t watching. I thought it was a natural mark on the stone. I never thought it was a rune.”
“Do you know where you dropped it?” Tarben asked anxiously.
James nodded. “Near enough. It’s not like anything else on the beach, so it should be easy to spot. We’ll look for it when we all go over to the island to search the beach for more beads.”
“Tarben,” Jessica said, sounding a bit embarrassed, “I want a photograph of you in front of the Viking display – a Viking in front of the Vikings. No, don’t look in the case. Turn and look at me. Got it. Now you, James. You can stand by Tarben and I’ll take another one.”
James stood next to Tarben and put an arm around his shoulder.
“James,” Jessica said sharply, “no silly faces. Just behave for a few seconds, if you can. Okay, that looks good.”
She pressed the take button and examined the screen closely. “Amazing,” she said. “You’ve excelled yourself, James. You look almost human.”
“That’s strange,” his father said. “It must be down to one of the special effects on your camera. Pass it to me, Jessica. Stand in the middle between James and Tarben, and I’ll take one of the three of you.”
The photographs taken, and checked on the screen, Jessica moved to another room, on her own. “This stuff on the Picts is not up to much.” she called out.
“Pixies?” James said. “There are pixies in there? What crazy sort of museum is this?”
“Picts,” Jessica said, as the others joined her. “Who were they?”
Tarben said he knew. “They were the early inhabitants of Scotland. Before my family came here with the Vikings.”
There wasn’t much to see apart from some display boards, and after a quick look round, Jessica returned to the room with the Viking helmet and looked in another glass case.
“Come and look at these,” she said. “Here are a couple of small bowls made from soapstone. Let’s see if we can find any bits of carved soapstone on the island, now we know what to look for.”
Mr Cooper glanced at his watch. “We need to go back to the car,” he said. “James’s mum will be wondering where we are. We only came to ask about Tarben’s stones. We’ll come back here another day, and you can come too, Tarben.”
James’s mother had stayed in the car to phone one of the doctors at the clinic where she worked, but when they left the museum, with the Viking stones securely in Tarben’s backpack, the car was empty. James spotted her sitting quietly in the small ornamental park.
He noticed the park looked plainer than the one near where he lived, but he could hardly expect exotic flowers and shrubs to grow this far north.
“How did you get on with the phone call, Mum?” he asked.
She smiled in a way that looked promising. “I’ve phoned Dr Stapleton at the clinic. I remembered him telling us he wrote his thesis on plants as medicines, and he’s already known as quite an expert. He has university contacts working on pharmaceuticals. I told him how well Jessica’s arm is healing with the ointment, and how the Macaulays have been using it successfully for years. And of course how it seems to be working on Tarben’s leg injury. He wants us to bring back some heather and ointment for testing.”
“Does he want to buy it, Mum?” James asked.
Tarben shook his head vigorously, scattering his long, thick hair. “It’s not about money, James. My great-great-great-grandmother was the first to discover it, and she didn’t ask people to pay her. She was a Christian, and wanted to help people who were ill. My family aren’t looking to make money from it.”
“Shame on you, James,” his mother said. “Tarben is right. Anyway, Dr Stapleton says it will be a long time before anyone can tell just how effective it could be, but he says it’s possible it could be useful where people have developed antibiotic-resistant superbugs. Of course, they would have to make extensive checks for side effects and adverse reactions before making it available.”
James looked embarrassed. “I wasn’t thinking of the plants being worth a fortune,” he said awkwardly, “but now Mr Macaulay can’t work, the money would be useful. That’s what I meant.”
“Well,” Mrs Cooper said, looking at Tarben, “I’m sure something could be arranged for your family in the circumstances – but only if the trials are successful. Dr Stapleton has promised that the location of the island will be kept secret. Do you think it will be all right if we take the sack of plants back with us, if we keep them moist? And some of the ointment your parents have prepared?”
Tarben said he was sure his parents would agree. His father had received fantastic treatment from the hospital in Glasgow when he lost his arm, so he knew his parents would like to help solve other people’s health problems.
“My dad is waiting for a prosthetic arm, which will help him a lot, but he says he’s never going to work on a trawler again. He’s got compensation for the accident, but he doesn’t like sitting around. He hopes to take up sheep farming again when he’s got used to the artificial arm, and use the quad bike to get around, although I don’t see how he’ll be able to steer it with the handlebars. But I know he’ll try really hard!”
“I admire your father’s attitude, Tarben,” Mrs Cooper said. “You must be proud of him.”
Tarben nodded. “I am. Very proud, Mrs Cooper. We don’t want to be famous, but if the heather proves to be useful, I suppose the Macaulay name might get mentioned.”
“Well,” James’s mother said, “it’s very early days yet, Tarben, so it would be wrong to get overexcited about it.”
Tarben smiled. “I’m looking at it this way, Mrs Cooper. Even if no one else wants it, it will go on being used by people in Arraig for another hundred and fifty years, because thanks to your family the plants are safe. I think my great-great-great-grandmother made a great discovery.”
James said he was going to phone Maddie and tell her about Heric and Daisy. “Mum, we phoned Maddie from Arraig village a couple of days ago, and she says Jessica and I may be able to go with her on an archaeological excavation when we get back. She says she’s bored without us, even though she’s been using a photographic drone on the dig. And there’s a creepy lake to explore. Please say yes.”
“We’ll see,” his mother said. “I thought you and Jessica have had quite enough excitement for the summer holidays.”
A flock of seagulls circled above the town, crying loudly. A storm was clearly brewing, and the birds seemed restless. James stopped at the window of the local bakery.
“What are you looking for?” Jessica asked. “A haggis?”
“I want one of those jam doughnuts,” James said. “You can have a haggis if you like. Will you get me a doughnut, please, Mum? I don’t think I had enough lunch.”
“Just this once, my lad. Do you want one as well, Jessica? And what about you, Tarben?”
Jessica shook her head. “Not a doughnut, thank you, Aunty Amy, but I would like one of those raisin bars.”
Smiling, Tarben said, “I don’t think it’s traditional Viking food, Mrs Cooper, but I’d like one of those large sticky buns with a cherry in the middle, please.”
Out in the street James examined the sugary coating on his doughnut, in anticipation of biting deep into the red jam inside. There was a rushing sound and he caught sight of a huge yellow beak, a large black eye, and a mass of white feathers as the doughnut was wrenched from his grip.
“Did you see that?” he shouted. “It really scared me. It could have had my arm off. What was it?”
Jessica pointed to the sky. A large gull circled overhead, the doughnut securely in its beak. It settled on the roof of a nearby building and began to eat it, stopping for a moment to lift its head and squawk in triumph.
“I knew we’d manage to see one,” Jessica said, laughing.
James looked in dismay at the few grains of sugar left on his fingers, the only remaining evidence he had of his doughnut. He looked up at Jessica. “See one what?”
She pointed to the rooftop. “Didn’t you recognise it? That was a genuine White-Tailed Slippen!”

THE END


More Christian books by Chris Wright from White Tree Publishing are on the next pages, some of which are available as both eBooks and paperbacks. More Christian books than those shown here are available in non-fiction and fiction, for adults and younger readers. The full list of published and forthcoming books is on our website www.whitetreepublishing.com. Please visit there regularly for updates.

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles -- but they are still great value!

We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.

Chris Wright has three married children, and lives in the West Country of England where he is a home group leader with his local church. More books by Chris Wright for young readers are on the next pages.



Return to Table of Contents

Books by Chris Wright for Younger Readers
(and perhaps older readers too!)

eBook and paperback


SEVEN MORE TWO JAYS ADVENTURES!



The Two Jays Adventure
The First Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the West Country in England where they set out to make some exciting discoveries. Have they found the true site of an ancient holy well? Is the water in it dangerous? Why does an angry man with a bicycle tell them to keep away from the deserted stone quarry?

A serious accident on the hillside has unexpected consequences, and an old Latin document may contain a secret that's connected to the two strange stone heads in the village church -- if James and Jessica can solve the puzzle. An adventure awaits!

eBook ISBN: eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-8-9

Available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-8-1
5x8 inches 196 pages
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Dark Tunnel Adventure
The Second Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the Derbyshire Peak District in England, staying near Dakedale Manor, which has been completely destroyed in a fire. Did young Sam Stirling burn his family home down? Miss Parkin, the housekeeper, says he did, and she can prove it. Sam says he didn't, and he can't prove it. But Sam has gone missing. James and Jessica believe the truth lies behind one of the old iron doors inside the disused railway tunnel.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-0-4 

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5206386-3-8
5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Cliff Edge Adventure
The Third Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica's Aunt Judy lives in a lonely guest house perched on top of a crumbling cliff on the west coast of Wales. She is moving out with her dog for her own safety, because she has been warned that the waves from the next big storm could bring down a large part of the cliff -- and her house with it. Cousins James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are helping her sort through her possessions, and they find an old papyrus page they think could be from an ancient copy of one of the Gospels. Two people are extremely interested in having it, but can either of them be trusted? James and Jessica are alone in the house. It's dark, the electricity is off, and the worst storm in living memory is already battering the coast. Is there someone downstairs?
This is the third Two Jays Adventure. They can be read in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-4-2

Paperback ISBN: 9781-5-211370-3-1


eBook and paperback



The Midnight Farm Adventure
The Fourth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

What is hidden in the old spoil tip by the disused Midnight Mine? Two men have permission to dig there, but they don’t want anyone watching -- especially not Jessica and James, the Two Jays. And where is Granfer Joe’s old tin box, full of what he called his treasure? The Easter holiday at Midnight Farm in Cornwall isn’t as peaceful as James’s parents planned. An early morning bike ride nearly ends in disaster, and with the so-called Hound of the Baskerville running loose, things turn out to be decidedly dangerous. This is the fourth Two Jays adventure story. You can read them in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-1-9997899-1-6

Also available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5497148-3-2


eBook and paperback



The Old House Adventure
The Fifth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

When Jessica comes to stay with her cousin James for the summer half term, they pass a creepy old house on their way to the town museum. James rescues Maddie Quedgley, a girl their age, from being run over by a speeding truck, but when James and Jessica, known as the Two Jays, insist on taking Maddie home, it is to a house where she seems to be living on her own. From down in the basement they hear footsteps walking around above them. When the door to the basement is suddenly locked, things become dangerous. Someone is very keen to get hold of a valuable item Maddie's father is guarding. So who is the man watching them in the museum, and who is the mysterious Ethan?

This is the fifth Two Jays adventure story. They can be read in any order, although each one moves forward slightly in time.

e-Book ISBN: 978-1-912529-07-0

also available as a paperback
ISBN: 978-1-912529-06-3

eBook and paperback



The Black Lake Adventure
The Seventh Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica are staying with their friend Maddie at Daleton Farm. On their first day, James finds an old bottle in the nearby lake, with a message inside. It starts with the word HELP. The writer is a young boy who signs himself Michael, and he’s begging to be rescued from the small island in the middle of the lake, where he says he’s a prisoner. The note is forty years old, and they think it must be part of a game that was being played by the village children. But they quickly discover that the note is part of a very dark story.
When Maddie flies her photographic drone over Daleton Lake, they see something mysterious under the water. Why are the owners of Daleton Hall trying to keep them away from the lake with scary stories, and why do they angrily deny ever having had a son called Michael?

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-28-5

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-27-8
203 pages 5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Hidden Room Adventure
The Eighth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

It’s the October mid-term holiday, and cousins James and Jessica, known as the Two Jays, get an excited phone call from their friend Maddie. The builder has found the original plans for her house, and Maddie discovers it was built in 1857 on land once belonging to Rootsdyer Farm. Some later words added to the plans set the three on a hunt for an underground room somewhere in the garden. What is hidden behind the brick wall that sounds hollow?
Who was Charlotte? According to a handwritten note on the plans, Charlotte once rested in the garden. Where? And did the Maggart Gang led by Josiah Devauden have a hideout on the farm in the early 1800s? Maddie needs to find out more for her school project, but the three soon discover that being trapped under the ground is no fun. Another exciting story in the Two Jays adventure series. They can be read in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-39-1

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-40-7
246 pages 5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



The Merlin Adventure
Chris Wright

The day Daniel Talbot brought home a stuffed duck in a glass case, everyone thought he'd gone out of his mind. Even he had his doubts at times. "Fancy spending your money on that," his mother scolded him. "You needn't think it's coming into this house, because it isn't!"

When Daniel, Emma, Charlie and Julia, the Four Merlins, set out to sail their model paddle steamer on the old canal, strange and dangerous things start to happen. Then Daniel and Julia make a discovery they want to share with the others.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-2-7

Paperback ISBN: 9785-203447-7-5
5x8 inches 182 pages
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Hijack Adventure
Chris Wright

Anna's mother has opened a transport café, but why do the truck drivers avoid stopping there? An accident in the road outside brings Anna a new friend, Matthew. When they get trapped in a broken down truck with Matthew's dog, Chip, their adventure begins.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-6-5

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-0-5
5x8 inches 140 pages
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Seventeen Steps Adventure
Chris Wright

When Ryan's American cousin, Natalie, comes to stay with him in England, a film from their Gran's old camera holds some surprise photographs, and they discover there's more to photography than taking selfies! But where are the Seventeen Steps, and has a robbery been planned to take place there?

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-7-2

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-6-7
5x8 inches 132 pages
Available from major internet stores


Three Adventure Puzzle Books!

eBook and paperback



The Holy Land Adventure
by
Chris Wright
An Adventure Puzzle Book

Last night you dreamt you were falling down a hole. Down and down. Now you’ve woken up with a jump, and the room seems strange. Very strange. It’s not only bright daylight, but you can hear people shouting and talking outside the window. And it’s not even your window. Your window has curtains, not the wooden shutters that are now wide open. You don’t know where you are, but you’re definitely not in your own house!
Ahead of you are 140 pages of adventure and puzzles. You don’t have to do the puzzles. You can just turn the page and carry on with your adventure. However, the puzzles will help you feel part of what’s happening, so try and solve them if you can.. You are invited to enter the time tunnel and wake up in a land over 2,000 years ago!

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-36-0
Also available as a paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-34-6




Mary Jones and Her Bible
An Adventure Puzzle Book
Chris Wright
The true story of Mary Jones's and her Bible
with a clear Christian message and optional puzzles
(Some are easy, some tricky, and some amusing)

Mary Jones saved for six years to buy a Bible of her own. In 1800, when she was 15, she thought she had saved enough, so she walked barefoot for 26 miles (more than 40km) over a mountain pass and through deep valleys in Wales to get one. That's when she discovered there were none for sale!
You can travel with Mary Jones today in this book by following clues, or just reading the story. Either way, you will get to Bala where Mary went, and if you're really quick you may be able to discover a Bible just like Mary's in the market!
The true story of Mary Jones has captured the imagination for more than 200 years. For this book, Chris Wright has looked into the old records and discovered even more of the story, which is now in this unforgettable account of Mary Jones and her Bible. Solving puzzles is part of the fun, but the whole story is in here to read and enjoy whether you try the puzzles or not. Just turn the page, and the adventure continues. It's time to get on the trail of Mary Jones!

eBook ISBN: ISBN: 978-0-9933941-5-7

Paperback ISBN 978-0-9525956-2-5
5.5 x 8.5 inches
156 pages of story, photographs, line drawings and puzzles


eBook and paperback



Pilgrim's Progress
An Adventure Puzzle Book
Chris Wright

Travel with young Christian as he sets out on a difficult and perilous journey to find the King. Solve the puzzles and riddles along the way, and help Christian reach the Celestial City. Then travel with his friend Christiana. She has four young brothers who can sometimes be a bit of a problem.
Be warned, you will meet giants and lions -- and even dragons! There are people who don't want Christian and Christiana to reach the city of the King and his Son. But not everyone is an enemy. There are plenty of friendly people. It's just a matter of finding them.
Are you prepared to help? Are you sure? The journey can be very dangerous! As with our book Mary Jones and Her Bible, you can enjoy the story even if you don't want to try the puzzles.



 This is a simplified and abridged version of Pilgrim's Progress -- Special Edition, containing illustrations and a mix of puzzles. The suggested reading age is up to perhaps ten. Older readers will find the same story told in much greater detail in Pilgrim's Progress -- Special Edition on the next page.

eBook ISBN 13: 978-0-9933941-6-4

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-6-3
5.5 x 8.5 inches 174 pages £6.95
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



Pilgrim's Progress
Special Edition
Chris Wright

This book for all ages is a great choice for young readers, as well as for families, Sunday school teachers, and anyone who wants to read John Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress in a clear form.
All the old favourites are here: Christian, Christiana, the Wicket Gate, Interpreter, Hill Difficulty with the lions, the four sisters at the House Beautiful, Vanity Fair, Giant Despair, Faithful and Talkative -- and, of course, Greatheart. The list is almost endless.
The first part of the story is told by Christian himself, as he leaves the City of Destruction to reach the Celestial City, and becomes trapped in the Slough of Despond near the Wicket Gate. On his journey he will encounter lions, giants, and a creature called the Destroyer.
Christiana follows along later, and tells her own story in the second part. Not only does Christiana have to cope with her four young brothers, she worries about whether her clothes are good enough for meeting the King. Will she find the dangers in Vanity Fair that Christian found? Will she be caught by Giant Despair and imprisoned in Doubting Castle? What about the dragon with seven heads?
It's a dangerous journey, but Christian and Christiana both know that the King's Son is with them, helping them through the most difficult parts until they reach the Land of Beulah, and see the Celestial City on the other side of the Dark River. This is a story you will remember for ever, and it's about a journey you can make for yourself.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-8-8 

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-7-0
5.5 x 8.5 inches 278 pages
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



Zephan and the Vision
Chris Wright

An exciting story about the adventures of two angels who seem to know almost nothing -- until they have a vision!
Two ordinary angels are caring for the distant Planet Eltor, and they are about to get a big shock -- they are due to take a trip to Planet Earth! This is Zephan's story of the vision he is given before being allowed to travel with Talora, his companion angel, to help two young people fight against the enemy.
Arriving on Earth, they discover that everyone lives in a small castle. Some castles are strong and built in good positions, while others appear weak and open to attack. But it seems that the best-looking castles are not always the most secure.
Meet Castle Nadia and Castle Max, the two castles that Zephan and Talora have to defend. And meet the nasty creatures who have built shelters for themselves around the back of these castles. And worst of all, meet the shadow angels who live in a cave on Shadow Hill. This is a story about the forces of good and the forces of evil. Who will win the battle for Castle Nadia?
The events in this story are based very loosely on John Bunyan's allegory The Holy War.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-6-4

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-9-4
5.5 x 8.5 inches 216 pages
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



Agathos, The Rocky Island,
And Other Stories
Chris Wright

Once upon a time there were two favourite books for Sunday reading: Parables from Nature and Agathos and The Rocky Island.
These books contained short stories, usually with a hidden meaning. In this illustrated book is a selection of the very best of these stories, carefully retold to preserve the feel of the originals, coupled with ease of reading and understanding for today’s readers.
Discover the king who sent his servants to trade in a foreign city. The butterfly who thought her eggs would hatch into baby butterflies, and the two boys who decided to explore the forbidden land beyond the castle boundary. The spider that kept being blown in the wind, the soldier who had to fight a dragon, the four children who had to find their way through a dark and dangerous forest. These are just six of the nine stories in this collection. Oh, and there’s also one about a rocky island!
This is a book for a young person to read alone, a family or parent to read aloud, Sunday school teachers to read to the class, and even for grownups who want to dip into the fascinating stories of the past all by themselves. Can you discover the hidden meanings? You don’t have to wait until Sunday before starting!

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9927642-7-2

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-8-7
5.5 x 8.5 inches 148 pages £5.95
Available from major internet stores




Four short books by Chris Wright, of help in the Christian life:

So, What Is a Christian? An introduction to a personal faith.
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-2-7
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-2-6

Starting Out -- help for new Christians of all ages.
Paperback ISBN 978-1-4839-622-0-7
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-0-2

Help! -- Explores some problems we can encounter with our faith.
Paperback ISBN 978-0-9927642-2-7
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-1-9

Running Through the Bible -- a simple understanding of what’s in the Bible.
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-6-5
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-3-3



Don't forget to check our website www.whitetreepublishing.com  for the latest books, and updates on availability


Return to Table of Contents

