The Boy Who Played With Dark Matter:

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy
(Count of Monte Cristo)

Holy Ghost Writer

~~~

Smashwords Edition


Copyright © 2012 Holy Ghost Writer
Published by Illuminated Publications, Ltd.
All rights reserved.

LCCN: 2013900334

License Notes
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner. For further information and bulk orders, email Illuminated Publications Limited (UK) via info@illuminatedpublications.com. This book was printed in the United States of America.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Cover Art by
Durham Editing and E-book Design

TABLE OF CONTENTS


1 THE BIG BOOM
2 SEARCHING FOR DAD
3 THE ZITCHES
4 WITCHY WORLD
5 ZAMIRA AND ZENITH TVS
6 BEHIND THE TAPESTRY
7 ZLOAT
8 A NEW FRIEND
9 A VISIT TO ZARANCHER LANE
10 STORIES COME TO LIFE
11 TELESCOPE REVELATIONS
12 WIMPS ARE MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE
13 IDEAS TURN INTO REALITY
14 FEAR KNOCKING AT THE DOOR
15 HIDING IN WAIT
16 DISCOVERIES
17 PLAYING WITH DARK MATTER
SPECIAL PREVIEW
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

1 THE BIG BOOM


The summer day was so hot that Zeddy did not feel like moving. He lay on his bed, his big dark eyes staring blankly at the ceiling. He was bored; there was no other word for it. Worst of all, it was only three weeks until school started.
"Zeddy, you need to take the dog out!" his mother Zadie called from the kitchen.
"But, Mom! It's too hot to go outside right now! Can't I wait till it cools off some?" Zeddy pleaded.
An answer didn't come immediately, so Zeddy sat up because he knew silence meant his mother was on her way. Zeddy's mother appeared in the doorway just as Zeddy made it upright.
"Young man, Zipper is your dog. We told you that having a pet is a big responsibility. You asked for him. You get to take him out," his mother replied.
"Okay, Mom, I'm going," Zeddy answered half-heartedly.
Zadie smiled triumphantly and headed back to the kitchen to finish making lunch. As Zeddy mumbled and grumbled to himself, he got up from the bed to look for his shoes. Zeddy was on the frail side, thinner and a little shorter than the other boys his age. His brown hair was a little shaggy, since the International Government had passed the new adolescent school haircut standards to prohibit gender discrimination. He may have been small, but what he lacked in size, he made up for in smarts. Zeddy had an IQ that was off the charts, a fact he had been taught to hide since he’d learned to speak. He knew his parents were scared that the International Government might discover his true IQ; he just didn’t know why.
"Don’t worry about it, gang! I can take Zipper out. I need to clear my head before lunch," Zeddy's father Zane called from the living room.
"It’s okay, Dad. I'm coming. I just need to find my shoes," Zeddy called back, as he shuffled through the piles of precious paperback books cluttering his floor. Sometimes Zeddy enjoyed weaving in and out of the piles, pretending he was in a giant maze. Today he felt like he had dropped a grain of sand and was looking for it on a beach. He lifted fallen books and scattered papers, hoping that somewhere in this organized chaos he had dropped his shoes.
"Just join us when you find them, Zeddy. Zipper really needs to go out. We shouldn't be too far down the street by the time you find them," his dad answered.
"Will do, Dad!" he replied, consciously speeding up the search for his shoes.
Zane traveled often for work. On this last trip, he had been gone for over two months, and Zeddy had truly missed him. When his dad had gotten home yesterday, he was so tired that he went straight to bed. Zeddy had been anxiously waiting for a chance to get his dad alone so he could find out if he had discovered anything new and amazing for them to discuss. Zane and Zeddy shared a love of science that other people didn't understand. His mother surely didn’t understand all the scientific things those two were always babbling about. Even Zane's bedtime stories for Zeddy all revolved around the adventures and explorations of two famous scientists, Dantes and Prophesy. Zeddy had each tale memorized, and he had even started to collect them in journals that he read over and over while Zane was away.
"Finally!" Zeddy exclaimed, as he quickly pulled his shoes on and tied the laces, before running down the hall towards the front door. As he reached for the handle, he was startled by a giant noise outside the house.
"KAPOW! ZAP! KABOOM!"
Zeddy threw open the door. It had sounded almost like a gigantic lightning strike, but there wasn't a cloud in the sky. The air was filled with the crackling of static electricity, and the sky was blazing neon pink. This was odd, because it wasn't close to sunset or sunrise. Zeddy stood there mesmerized. As he watched, the sun seemed to soak up the mystical magenta static into its hot yellow rays. Before he could even blink, the sky was again the color of a yellowish gray, summer haze. "What could be happening?" he wondered.
"Zeddy? Zeddy! Where are you!" his mother shouted frantically, as she came running from the kitchen.
"I'm here, Mom, at the front door!" Zeddy answered.
"Are you alright? What happened? I heard that horrible noise! Are you sure you're alright?" Zadie questioned her son.
"I'm okay, Mom! Really, I am! I was just at the door when I heard it, too. But it was too weird, Mom! When I opened the door, the sky was all pink, and it felt like my hair was going to stand on end from all the static in the air. Then as quick as I saw it, the pink was gone and so was the static."
"Where is your father? Wasn't he going with you to walk the dog?"
"I was coming out to meet him. I thought he already left," Zeddy said, as he looked up and down the empty street. "Is he still in the house? I don't see anyone on the street."
"Zane! Zane! Where are you!" Zadie called out, as she turned to check inside the house. "I'll check outside, Mom!" Zeddy offered.
"No!" Zadie said, perhaps a little too quickly. "I mean … let's check downstairs first, and then I can go with you to check outside. We don't know what just happened. I'm afraid to let you go alone. Hurry!" With no sign of Zane anywhere, she said "Let's check upstairs now, and then we'll go outside together. Shut and lock the door. This may be some new drill by the International Government. Did you check the Law-Update Monitor for today's updates yet, Zeddy?"
Zeddy shut and locked the door, hanging his head in shame. "No, Mom. Sorry. I know that's one of my chores, but I … I … I forgot. I'm sorry!"
"It's okay. We all forget things from time to time. Even little geniuses like you. But we have to hurry now. I'll continue to look for your father, while you run and check if we missed something. They posted the new updates at 7 o'clock this morning, and we’re supposed to know them by now. Hurry! It could be important," Zadie said as calmly as she could, with her heart pounding against her ribs in fear.

2 SEARCHING FOR DAD


Zeddy ran to the Intel room behind the living room, where all the computer monitors were up and running, performing their daily functions: monitoring the temperature and oxygen level inside the house, displaying the climate conditions and pollution level for their area, and scrolling the new law updates. Zeddy ran to the Law-Update Monitor and read as quickly as he could read. He had to be careful not to miss one, even though some days there were twenty or thirty new laws. It could mean life or … well, he wasn't sure, but he was sure it wasn't good. The screen scrolled the new laws:
1. All constituents will no longer be allowed to wear 1000 SPF sunscreen. The new law states that only 1500 SPF is legal for use, possession, or distribution. Relinquish all 1000 SPF sunscreen via home or business recycle disposal chute by midnight tonight, August 31, 2099. New sunscreen is located in all arrival chutes. One bottle per family member per week will be delivered until further notice.
2. All persons with intent to enter into a marriage contract within the next year are reminded to register for the parenting approval class at least one year in advance of the date the civil union is scheduled to occur. One child per family is still the law.
3. There has been a rise in pollution levels and, consequently, oxygen tanks are to be carried by all constituents at all times. Tanks are located in arrival chutes. One portable oxygen tank per family member per day will be delivered until further notice.
4. Nuclear radiation was detected in Nevada Province, Upper Amerasia yesterday, August 30, 2099. All constituents of Nevada Province have been placed in quarantine until further testing is completed. No travel will be allowed within or through that province until further notice.
5. Caffeine has been detected in a batch of Super Cola. All constituents are asked to immediately relinquish any Super Cola in their possession via the recycle disposal chute. The terrorist who has created this catastrophic endangerment of our people has been captured and sentenced by the International Tribunal to 100 years hard labor in Lower Amerasia. He will repay his debt to society by supporting our valiant effort to resurface more land masses. Any constituent, who has consumed Super Cola in the past 5 days, must report immediately to the International Detoxification Facility in your province to have this harmful illegal drug removed from their system.
The International Government takes pride in each constituent's loyal obedience to the protective laws designed to maximize life span and control the environment for the prosperity of all constituents and their offspring.
Thankfully, it was a short list today. Zeddy heard his mother frantically running around the house calling for his father. She finally stopped in the front hallway, staring at the giant tapestry that covered the wall. Zeddy ran towards her.
"Mom! Did you find Dad?"
"No. I … I didn't. Was there anything in the new laws to explain that noise?"
"No, there wasn't anything about the noise. If we're going to check outside now, we need to get busy. We have to dump the sunscreen from yesterday, grab the new tubes and lather up, grab the oxygen tanks, and go! I think we should see if Dad's tank is still here. If it is, then we'll need it when we find him. We don't want to get arrested if we get stopped by the IMP. Pollution levels are past red again," Zeddy explained as quickly as he could.
Zadie shook at the thought. People who were arrested by the International Military Police often never came back. No one knew what happened to them. She thought to herself, 'We'd better hurry!'
"Oh! And you should be glad we didn’t order Super Cola! Somebody got arrested for putting caffeine in it!" Zeddy shouted, as he ran to the bathroom to get the tubes of sunscreen from the day before.
Zadie shook her head at the silliness of so many of the new laws. If someone could get arrested for putting caffeine in sodas, what would they do to them if Zane was out wandering without the right sunscreen or his oxygen tank? She dashed down the hall to the grab the tanks they hadn't used yesterday. They were still lined against the kitchen wall.
Zeddy hurried back to the Intel room. He threw yesterday's sunscreen tubes down the recycle chute on the back wall. The monitor screen displayed a happy face with the words "Thank You" under it. Zeddy shook his head at the round yellow face on the computer. He walked to the arrival chute and grabbed the new tubes of sunscreen. Zeddy slathered the thick green liquid over all exposed body areas. It instantly dried clear. Zadie was beside him now with the oxygen tanks. As Zeddy grabbed his father's tank and stored it in his backpack, Zadie took a tube of sunscreen and smothered her exposed skin. They walked hurriedly towards the front door, and Zadie grabbed the house remote as they left. She clicked the "LOCK" button, and the house alarm chirped behind them. Zadie slipped the remote into Zeddy's backpack for fear that if something were to happen, Zeddy would need a way to get back in their home.
Zeddy and his mother looked up and down the street. There was no sign of Zane or Zipper. The two held hands as they searched for their missing loved ones. They walked all over Discovery Bay, even out to the dock. Zadie suggested that they paddle around on their canoes to see if Zane might have decided to go fishing. Zeddy thought that was useless, but agreed they would paddle one of the canoes along the Delta passageways just to be sure. After 30 minutes, Zeddy needed some of his oxygen, as he could no longer breathe the polluted air.
"Mom, you know if dad went fishing that he would've taken me."
"Usually, but maybe he just got absorbed in thought. He does that sometimes. Besides, I'm out of ideas. I don’t know where else to look. Where do you suggest we search?" Zadie answered as tears welled up in her exotic violet eyes, the thick summer breeze blowing her long brown hair across her face.
Zeddy was out of ideas, too. Maybe the IG had taken his father already, if he happened to get stopped while he and his mom were searching for him. Just then, the digitized portable computer phone rang. Frantically, Zadie fished the phone from her pocket
"Hello! Zane is that you?" Zadie asked, trying to hide the worry in her voice.
"No, it's Judy Zitch. Your puppy was running loose again. We have him at our house. Could you come pick him up as soon as possible?"
"Oh, I'm sorry! Thank you so much. We'll be right over to get Zipper. Thank you!" Zadie answered.
As they pulled back up to the dock, Zadie stuffed the phone in her pocket again. She climbed out and reached down to help Zeddy out. Zeddy knew that the Zitch family must have found Zipper again. He was a strong puppy, and last week he had gotten away from Zeddy when he broke his leash. The Zitches were the only people who would risk being caught by the IMP to save the puppy. Zeddy knew no one else would be that brave or crazy. But the question remained, if the Zitches had Zipper, where was his dad?
Zadie was thinking the exact same thoughts. She looked down at her frail little boy whose dark eyes and brown hair mirrored her own in the bright sunlight. She tried to keep from crying, but she knew he saw her concern. She looked at the street in front of them and said, "I'm really worried about your father now. He would never let Zipper get away. He knows how dangerous that could be … for Zipper and us. So if Zipper is with the Zitches, where is your father?"
Zeddy was worried, too, but he knew his mother needed some encouragement if they were ever going to find his dad. Zane had always told Zeddy that if something were to ever happen to Zane, Zeddy would be the man of the house. Today Zeddy was definitely feeling the pressure that being the man of the house might involve. He tried to think of something comforting to tell his mom, something to make her smile. Zeddy always smiled when he remembered parts of the stories his father told him. He decided that maybe a funny memory might help Zadie calm down.
As calmly as he could, Zeddy said, "I don't know, Mom. Maybe it's all a misunderstanding. Maybe dad's playing a trick on us. You know, like the time he hid in the closet while we ran around looking for him when he burned dinner. The house filled with that awful smelling smoke, and we couldn't find him anywhere! But he found us. Don’t worry, Mom. We'll find him."
Zadie held back her tears to keep her son from worrying too much. She even managed a half-smile at the memory of the stinky smoke and Zane jumping out of the closet to tickle her and Zeddy until they were all in tears. Somehow, she just didn't feel like this was a joke.

3 THE ZITCHES


They walked quickly to the Zitch house to get Zipper. As they neared the end of the walkway, Judy Zitch opened the heavy steel door and waved them inside. Judy Zitch was the most beautiful woman Zeddy had ever seen. She had blonde hair that was styled differently every time he saw her. She was so tall, six feet tall. Her brown eyes were always lined in blue, and she wore this amazing lipstick in bright red or pale pink. Most women had adopted the no-make-up look since the International Government seemed to arrest women that wore make-up more than those who didn't, but Judy Zitch wore as much as she wanted. She walked them through the corridor to a dark room lit by candles. An elderly Ms. Zitch sat at a round table, the long crimson sleeves of her satin dress draped across the sides of the table from her arms folded in front of her.
"Do join us for tea," Judy said as she directed Zeddy and his mother towards the round table and its enormous chairs.
Zeddy had never seen Judy Zitch’s mother before, at least not clearly. Even when she ventured outside, she always seemed to be barely out of his sight’s range. It had seemed odd to Zeddy since he had perfect vision and she only lived four houses away. People in the neighborhood gossiped that she was a witch. Zeddy looked around the room and thought they may be right.
Zeddy and his mother sat down in the elegant, hardwood chairs that surrounded the table. Zeddy thought the Zitches must be really rich because actual wooden things cost millions of dollars since the Tree Protection Act. Hardwood furniture hadn't been made in nearly 50 years. It felt warmer and more inviting than the metal or plastic chairs he usually had to sit in. The wood felt smooth and rough at the same time as he explored its grain with his thin fingers.
Zeddy peered across the table in the dim candlelight at the old woman sitting before him. He noticed her deep golden eyes. They were oval-shaped and yet round at the same time, and they were outlined by long, thick, black eyelashes. Her grey-streaked black hair must have been past her waist because the braid flowed across one shoulder, and fell into her lap with no end in sight. She had large gold earrings that made her olive skin look rich and mellow. But strangest of all was that her face didn't have a single wrinkle or imperfection. Sure, before it was outlawed, lots of the older women had plastic surgery to make them look young longer; but this was not plastic surgery. He had seen women that were old now and had undergone plastic surgery in the past. Those women looked really creepy. The elder Ms. Zitch looked amazing. If possible, she may have been more beautiful than her daughter, Judy.
Judy brought out a tray with cookies and a tea that smelled like cloves with a citrus mist. She poured into the cups, passed out cookies, and then joined them at the table.
"You really didn't have to go to all this trouble," Zadie said. "Truly, we are in your debt already for saving Zipper. We can get him and get going. You've been too kind."
The elder Ms. Zitch raised her finger and slowly spoke, "There is no need for worry, my dear. The IG cannot see us here. We are safe. I want to talk to you about your husband."
"My husband?" Zadie questioned.
"You know where my dad is?" Zeddy chimed in.
"In due time," said the elder Ms. Zitch. "In due time."
The elder Ms. Zitch lifted her cup and sipped the steaming tea. Although each of them were beyond eager to find out what Ms. Zitch knew about Zeddy's father, Zeddy and his mother both picked up their steaming cups and sipped the sweet, fragrant tea as if commanded to do so by some unseen force. Zeddy had never tasted anything like that soothing tea. It was so sweet and left the most wonderful taste in his mouth. He tried a cookie, and it melted like butter and sugar spun into an airy, crisp wafer. This had to have been the best snack he ever tasted. Zeddy and Zadie had forgotten in their worried state that they had not yet eaten lunch. Munching cookies and sipping tea caused them to surrender to a strange calm.
"Now that your hunger is satisfied, I need to talk to you about your husband. I know you are both very worried," the elder Ms. Zitch said in her eloquent voice.
"How … how did you know we were hungry? How do you know about my husband, even my personal feelings? I'm sorry. It’s just … who are you? How do you know all these things?" Zadie questioned her.
"I am Nimueh," the elder Ms. Zitch answered.

4 WITCHY WORLD


"Nimueh? Like, the ancient Nimueh?" Zeddy asked in disbelief.
"Yes. I am she," replied the old woman.
"How can that be? It's not possible!" Zeddy exclaimed.
"All things are possible, young Zeddy," Nimueh answered.
"Who is Nimueh? Do you know this woman, Zeddy?" Zadie questioned in a concerned tone.
"Nimueh is the most famous enchantress that supposedly lived 1,600 years ago. Legendary stories about The Lady of the Lake are considered fairy tales. She was supposed to have forged the famous sword Excalibur for King Arthur. Some tales say she was a sorceress who helped fight for good. But in some versions, she was an evil witch. Which are you? Evil or good?" Zeddy asked.
"You have answered well, young Zeddy. Don’t you worry, I am not evil. Things that people do not understand or want to accept often become seen in a negative light as histories are passed down from generation to generation. I joined all of my powers with the forces of good, and I loved Merlin with all my heart. Together we helped Arthur rule with his true heart and deep love for his people. That has long been lost. This International Government has destroyed all the remaining freedoms I so long ago fought to create and preserve," Nimueh answered.
"So you have been alive for 1600 years?" Zeddy asked as his mother stared at the old woman in complete disbelief.
"I have been alive much longer than that," Nimueh answered. "But this is not the time for my exhaustive tale. You need to focus now on finding your father."
"Do you know where Zane is? Can you help us find him?" Zadie plead.
"I know that he is out of your reach. He is no longer on this plane of existence," Nimueh answered.
"Do you mean … no … he's … is he …?" Zadie could not finish her question as her eyes filled with tears.
"Do not worry, my child. He is alive. He is being transported into another plane. A parallel universe as we speak, known as Zamira, in a neighboring constellation. My powers are being weakened by the energy it takes to maintain the protective field that keeps this house safe. I cannot see every detail yet. I do know that you are about to undertake life-changing adventures, young Zeddy. Most importantly, you will not be able to share your story with others, as young boys are often prone to do. This will have to be your secret adventure. You will need help and knowledge to successfully complete your journey and bring your father home. Are you ready for such an adventure, young Zeddy?" asked Nimueh.
"I'll do anything to find my dad. I love him," Zeddy answered.
"Then you must leave tomorrow morning, both of you, mother and son. Tonight you will pack a bag for traveling, and then you will sleep. In the morning, Judy will bring you multiple sets of papers with new identities necessary for your journey. She will also bring you unlimited Amerasia tram tickets to begin your journey. You must first find Dr. Zachary Zenith. His last known address was at 777 Zarancher Lane in Livermore. I believe he is still there. He saved your father, but if you do not reach him tomorrow, the IG may reach him first. Now go. You have another surprise waiting for you at home that I have nothing to do with, young Zeddy" said Nimueh.
"How can we ever thank you?" Zadie asked, trusting the old woman because Zeddy seemed to trust her.
"If you save Zane, your journey may just save the world too," Nimueh said as she rose to escort them to the door.
"We will repay you," Zadie said as she walked out the door.
As he watched his mother walk through the door, Zeddy saw time actually stand still. He turned to look at Nimueh. She held out her hand, and Zeddy reached towards it.
"Young Zeddy, I give you this symmetrical crystal. You alone can use it. When the time comes, you will know how. I will watch over you through my own crystal viewer. If I can help, I will do what I am able to do to keep you safe. Yours is a monumental adventure, young Zeddy. The fate of mankind’s last freedom rests on your shoulders. Go now. Do not worry about Zipper. He will be safe here with me. The IG cannot find him here, and your travels are far too dangerous for a puppy," said Nimueh.
"Thank you, Nimueh. I will find my father," said Zeddy.
"I hope you do, young Zeddy. It is most important that you have this faith. I understand that you are a little boy, but you have a brain that is exceptionally rare. Take with you, too, this little book. Science is your gift, but science came from the marvels of magical thinking. Use it wisely. You have it inside you. Your knowledge is your power. Now go."
Zeddy slipped the tiny, worn leather book and the violet crystal that turned pink as he placed them in his pocket. Walking through the door, time restarted. Zadie turned to ask about Zipper, but Zeddy reached for her hand saying, "Let's go home, Mom. Nimueh will take care of Zipper. We have a lot to do."

5 ZAMIRA AND ZENITH TVS


The day quickly disappeared with the sun setting behind the rows of houses in their suburban neighborhood. The pinks and oranges that streaked the sky reminded Zeddy of that blazing neon pink that had filled the sky just after the loud noise. He was still trying to piece that puzzle together, but he just wasn't sure what the puzzle was or even if he had all the pieces yet.
Zeddy and his mom entered their house with caution, both nervous over whether or not Zane would be there. Neither knew what to expect. Zadie was the first to break the silence and call out, "Zane, are you home, honey? If this is some kind of joke, it's not funny anymore! Please come out! Please be here. …"
"Mom, you heard Nimueh. Dad isn't here. He's in some place called Zamira. I've never heard of it. He's never mentioned it in any of his stories or in any of our talks. But Nimueh did say we needed to find Professor Zachary Zenith. I wish I had a chance to ask dad about his latest discoveries. Maybe this Zachary Zenith worked with dad. I need to snoop around the Intranet and see if I can find out any information on him."
"Zeddy, you know how I feel about you doing things on the Intranet that might make the IG look into you. How do plan to do that?"
"Kids my age don’t usually understand how to manipulate the Intranet like I do, Mom. Please don't worry. I can do it."
"I trust you. I'm going to make us some dinner. I'm really hungry now, and I think we could use a good meal before we go to bed. Tomorrow could turn out to be one long day," Zadie said, already feeling exhausted.
"You said that right, Mom. I'll hurry up and see what I can find. Surely there has to be something on this professor somewhere. Wish me luck!" Zeddy announced as he headed towards the Intel room.
Zadie did not share her son's enthusiasm about this search for Professor Zenith. Ms. Zitch, or Nimueh, or whoever she was, had said that if they did not find the professor by tomorrow then the IG might reach him first. That didn’t bode well for researching him on the Intranet. She resigned herself to starting dinner and packing them both small duffle bags of clothes, in case they could not come home once their trip began. That in itself was not a prospect Zadie wanted to consider. She took a deep breath and went to the kitchen to get started.
Zeddy sat in front of a holographic monitor, focusing his eyes in deep concentration. He knew he could look this professor up without being detected; he just had to be nonchalant about it. But how to start?
Zeddy thought about every scientific thing he could remember. He recalled that Nimueh said that his father wasn't on this plane anymore; but that, he was okay on some place named Zamira. Could that be the loophole? He would start with Zamira. As he began speaking the computer zipped through three dimensional images in search of information on Zamira. To Zeddy's amazement, the computer actually found information. There wasn't much, only a paragraph and a blurry picture of some kind of star or something; but at least it was a place to start. Zeddy read it quickly and started a search on how pollution level trends in Northern Amerasia affected the appearance of distant stars to make it seem that he was randomly searching pollution topics.
Zeddy hurried to the kitchen while the computer was searching the Intranet for information on the new topic. His mother looked up from her cooking to ask what he had found.
"Well, according to the data pooled from the Intranet, Zamira is a part of the constellation Libra. It was discovered in 2010 by an astronomer named Zachary Zenith. That must be the same Zachary Zenith we are supposed to find! The craziest thing about it, though, is there wasn't any other real information. The computer had information about the astrological sign Libra and something about a type of television that was once made by a company called Zenith, but no other information on Zamira. So basically, all we know is that this professor must be our way to find dad," said Zeddy.
"I hope you’re right," answered Zadie. "Come on now and eat a bite. I don't know about you, but I could use a shower and some sleep after dinner. All this worrying is exhausting."
Zadie and Zeddy sat down at the little table and ate their dinner in silence. Both were tired and worried. The food was warm and filling, and the long summer day had finally surrendered to the night. The two weary souls finished their meals, cleaned their plates, and finished straightening up the kitchen. Zeddy noticed the two duffle bags beside the kitchen door and drew a long sigh. He could only hope that this journey would one day lead them home again.
"Let's go get ready for bed," Zadie said as she put away the last dish.
Zeddy looked at his mother thoughtfully, thinking of a way to ask the question that had been brewing in his mind since they left Nimueh's house.
"What is it, Zeddy? I can see the wheels in your head turning, you're thinking so hard," Zadie said patiently.
"I… I was thinking about something Nimueh said to me. Mom, are we free?" Zeddy asked.
"Free? Where did that come from? I never heard Nimueh mention anything about freedom?" Zadie asked curiously.
"It’s a long story about when she said it…. I just … I just don’t understand what something she said means. Are we free, Mom?" Zeddy asked.
"You must be careful where you ask a question like that, Zeddy. Very careful! It's not safe to ask such questions where others might hear," Zadie whispered.
"Mom, why are you whispering? We're at home," Zeddy said, completely confused at his mother's reaction.
Zadie walked to the window and looked up and down the street. Zeddy watched as his mother closed the curtains tightly. Then she walked into the Intel room and began to turn off monitors and computers. She left on the Law Update Monitor as required by the IG, but slowly turned off the other ones. Zeddy stood in the kitchen, more confused than ever. Then she walked into the hall and motioned for Zeddy to follow her. Zeddy rose from the table, and followed her down the hall.
Zadie opened his father's favorite book that always sat on a table in the hall. Inside the book was a key. Zadie put one finger to her lips, indicating that Zeddy should not talk. She slid aside the giant tapestry that hung on the hall wall, revealing what looked like a part of the wall. Zadie firmly pressed the wall, and a panel broke loose. Zadie pushed the panel aside and slid the key into the lock of a thick steel door, opening it. In silent wonder, Zeddy followed his mother through the door and started the descent down a steep, dark staircase.

6 BEHIND THE TAPESTRY


The stairs seemed to go on forever. When they reached a small landing, Zadie felt along the wall for a button. As the button depressed, Zeddy heard a loud bang behind him. The little light that had shown through the tapestry over the steel door disappeared. Zadie pressed another button and fluorescent rods that hung from the ceiling sputtered out a dim grey light that hummed towards a glaring brilliance. By the time they reached the bottom of the stairs, the room was brighter than the glaring schoolrooms that Zeddy hated. The walls, however, were not bare like the school walls; they were stacked from floor to ceiling with books. Zeddy looked around in shock and amazement.
"What is this place?" Zeddy asked, slowly walking around the book-filled room. "Has this always been here?"
"Yes, it has," Zadie answered. "In the earlier part of the 21st century, people called these rooms 'Panic Rooms.' They were used in case people broke into the house to steal things, or later, to hide from the oppressive governments. Believe it or not, those things happened very often back then. In fact, they happened until about 50 years ago."
"What happened 50 years ago?" Zeddy asked curiously.
"Fifty years ago is when the International Government took over," Zadie answered.
"What?" asked Zeddy in confusion. He stopped walking and just stared blankly at his mother.
"The history books you study at school are wrong, Zeddy. The IG has not been our government for the last ninety-nine years. I know that you have been told that, but it isn't true. The year 2000 wasn’t the start of a new millennial government called the IG. In 2049, the International Government took over after a series of catastrophes destroyed the world that once was. They took power when countries and local governments were weak. To keep that power, they had to change history so that as time went on, the IG would be all anyone remembered," Zadie tried to explain.
"But, Mom, why would they lie? Why would you lie to me if you knew what I was learning was wrong?" Zeddy asked.
"Your father and I lied to you because we thought you were too young to bear the responsibility of knowing the truth. You see, Zeddy, if anyone so much as questions the IG … well, let's just say it isn't something that you come back home from doing," Zadie answered.
"Are you telling me now because I asked you if we were free?" Zeddy asked.
"Yes," Zadie answered. "We knew the day would come when we would have to tell you the truth, but we hoped it would be when you were older. We hoped we would be better prepared to protect you. I see now that we should have told you all along. Zeddy, we are not free. Not free the way people once were free. We have no elections to vote for who we want to lead this region of the world. We have no say in our laws or our choices. We have to do, say and act as the IG demands, or we will be taken away to God knows where. The IG even takes children away from their parents if they excel at science or math. They train them and use them to further the technology the International Government uses to control the populations."
"What about Dad?" Zeddy questioned. "He's a math whiz! Did they take him from his parents? Are Grandmother and Grandfather his real parents?"
"Grandmother and Grandfather are your real grandparents. Luckily for your father, he was in college before he discovered his talent for math and physics. But he is forced to work for the IG when they need him to work for them. He has no control over when the IG calls him to go off for a project. That is where he has been the last two months: working for the International Government.
"The only reason he gets to keep his regular job is so that neighbors don't ask too many questions about where he goes or where he has been. His company thinks that he is working for them on his travels. It's all one lie after another, but your grandparents are your grandparents."
"Is that why I can't let people know how smart I really am?" Zeddy asked, piecing the puzzle together. "You were scared they would take me?"
"We're still scared of that. We don't know what limits the International Government would go to in order to get what they want. That includes taking you away from us even after you are grown," Zadie explained.
Zeddy was overwhelmed. The world seemed to be tilted, and it felt like there was a chance he might fall over. His whole life he had wondered why his parents would teach him so many amazing things and ask him not to let people know he knew them. He felt loyal to the International Government. It was part of their daily message to make you feel like a proud, loyal constituent. But if they had no freedoms, what were they loyal for?
"Mom," Zeddy said carefully, "I believe what you are telling me. I do. But you never really answered what this room is and why it's here?"
"Do you see all these paper books around you?" Zadie asked. "These books were my father's books. He was what the International Government considers a terrorist. When the IG took over, they used a new technology to erase the memories of anyone over 10 years old. They thought that it would erase any threat to their power. But there were children who were alive and knew the truth. They didn't have their memories erased, but they knew better than to let on that they remembered. My father was part of a group that sought out and hid all the paper books they could find. They wanted them saved so that the truth would never be completely forgotten."
"Your dad was a terrorist? Is that why he is gone?"
"He was a terrorist according to the International Government, but he was no terrorist. He was just a man who wanted to live in a world based on truth rather than lies. Luckily, he was never discovered. That is why his library remains. He left our world when a tram derailed in the Dakota Province. Now I am the keeper of his library, and your father has helped me in this task. We want the truth to last so that one day the International Government will not be able to hide its lies and its manipulations. One day the truth will be known, and maybe … maybe … we might be free," Zadie answered.
"Nimueh said that the fate of our last freedom rests on my shoulders. If we aren't free, then how can that be?" asked Zeddy, uncertainly.
"We do have one last freedom. At least some of us have it … the freedom of knowledge. It is all that we hold on to in our hope that we can persevere. We have the knowledge, and maybe one day people will be able to know the truth. I have always prayed that they might," Zadie said with tears in her eyes.
Zeddy thought of all that had transpired that day. His father was missing. His neighbor was the Lady of Avalon, an ancient witch. His government was based on lies. His whole life had changed in less than eight hours. He thought and thought. His feet paced back and forth in the tiny room without his knowing. There was something that linked it all. Knowledge? Knowledge! Nimueh said it was his power! He was almost scared to find out what that meant.
"I know you must feel overwhelmed, Zeddy. This is a great secret to carry. You will have to be very strong. We must protect the knowledge in these books. We can do it, but for now let's go get ready for bed. Maybe after a good night's rest things will look brighter. We still have each other," Zadie told her son.
'We still have each other, but that isn’t the same as having a daddy, too,' Zeddy thought as he gave his mom a warm smile to reassure her.

7 ZLOAT


After his shower, Zeddy took the violet crystal and the little book of magic from his pocket and put them in his backpack. He had the feeling they were going to come in handy, even if he didn't know how to use them. Then Zeddy lay on his bed for several long minutes staring at the ceiling, just hoping his mind would go blank and he could stop thinking about all the things he had learned. As he gazed at the white ceiling, he thought he saw something from the corner of his eye. He looked over near his lamp, expecting to see a moth fluttering near the lamplight. But he didn't see one. "I must be tired," Zeddy thought to himself.
Although his father was often away on business, tonight the house felt especially empty and kind of scary. Zeddy walked across the hall and peered in at his mother lying in bed, reading an old paperback book. No matter how many books were converted to digital form and paper copies recycled, Zadie read the same ten paper books over and over. She said she loved the way a paper book felt and smelled. She said it made reading 'real'. Although Zeddy often snuck across the hall to watch his mother read, it always made him smile to see how engrossed in the story she would become. He coughed lightly to get her attention.
Zadie looked up from The Count of Monte Cristo to see Zeddy standing in the doorway.
"Are you okay, dear?" Zadie asked.
Zeddy was ashamed to say that it felt creepy to sleep in his own bed, so he cautiously asked, "Mom, can I sleep in here? It just feels … I don't know … weird tonight. Can I?"
"Of course, Zeddy. You know you're always welcome to sleep in here, honey," Zadie answered, as she held out her arms for Zeddy to come snuggle with her.
She, too, felt the strangeness in the house, and Zeddy's warm hug felt nice and comforting. She pulled back the sheet, and they lay down snuggled together like only a mother and child can snuggle. Zeddy nestled his head against Zadie's shoulder, and she wrapped her arm around him. She picked up her book and began to read aloud from The Count of Monte Cristo, as Zeddy laid there, eyes closed in thought. He wanted to immerse himself in the story and float away on the smuggler's ship with Edmond and Jacopo. He wished to be any place where his mind wouldn't be swirling with so many new thoughts and fears. As his mother read, he began to drift on the smuggler's ship to that delicious place between awake and asleep. Blue and golden stars began to dance in the dark behind his eyelids, and Zeddy felt himself float up and up.
As Zeddy floated through space and time, past stars and planets, he found himself floating to a world that looked relatively familiar. For an instant, he seemed to float right along the border of night and day. Then, as he passed from space to planet, he could feel the warmth of the sun in the brilliant blue sky. He looked down at the bright green grass spattered with purple and violet flowers. He dropped softly to the grass and lay there, looking up at the ethereal sky he had just passed through. All around him, white butterflies flittered and fluttered. They were so translucent they almost appeared invisible.
"Let's play Zloat," a little voice beside him whispered.
"How?" asked Zeddy.
"Whoever catches the most zutterflies in an hour wins. You have your net already. See how many zutterflies you can catch," the little voice whispered.
Zeddy looked down and found a butterfly net held tightly in his grasp. So he set off catching zutterflies, one after another. They seemed so easy to catch. As Zeddy filled his net with glowing, humming zutterflies, he realized that he was floating higher and higher into the air. The zutterflies carried him up like a hot air balloon.
"What should I do?" Zeddy asked, waiting for the little voice to answer.
"You won this game. Go ahead, float in the air till the zutterflies get tired. Then you will float back to the ground, and I'll be waiting for you," the little voice answered.
Zeddy floated in the blue sky, every now and then pulling back the blue to peek out at the vast dark universe with its glistening stars and spinning planets. He smiled and laughed. He felt happy and free, and there was an odd security in this new place he had found. He almost wished he could stay forever. Soon the zutterflies began to tire, and Zeddy floated down, down, down. As he settled back onto the plush green grass, Zeddy closed his eyes and listened to the quiet. The glowing of the zutterflies still twinkled behind his closed eyes.
"What is a zutterfly?" Zeddy wondered out loud.
"We are something new and strange, but we won't hurt you," the little voice whispered.
"Are you a zutterfly?" Zeddy asked as he continued to lie in the verdent green grass with his eyes closed against the warm golden sun.
"I am," the little voice answered. "My name is Zmally. I know it is so nice here on Zamira, little Zeddy, but I need you to wake up now. Wake up…. Wake up…."
Zeddy slowly opened his eyes, squinting in order to see into the darkness. What an amazing dream! It seemed so real! And that little voice! It told him to wake up, but he wondered why a voice in a dream would tell him to wake up. He blinked a few times and rubbed his eyes. He was about to try to go back to sleep when he saw something from the corner of his eye.
Zeddy turned his head to see what was there, and he couldn't believe his eyes. A silvery glowing zutterfly from his dream floated up to his face and nearly lit on his nose. Zeddy sat upright, swatting one hand in front of him and reaching for the light switch with the other.
"Wait, little Zeddy. Do not be afraid. I just helped you dream of playing zloat on Zamira so that you would not be afraid of me. My name is Zmally, and I am a zutterfly from Zamira," the little glowing zutterfly said.
The zutterfly was unlike anything Zeddy had ever seen. It almost appeared to be made of clear Plexiglas – harder than real glass, but not quite solid plastic. It was translucent, but at the same time appeared almost white. It flittered and fluttered and cast an odd glow into the darkness. But, much to Zeddy's amazement, when he turned on the lamp, the zutterfly disappeared.
"Where are you? Zmally? Are you here?" Zeddy whispered loudly, scared it had all just been a dream.
"I am here, Zeddy. But until you learn how to find me in the lights of Earth, you will need to turn out the light to see me," Zmally answered.
Zeddy turned out the light, and Zmally glowed in front of him again, fluttering very near his face. Zeddy smiled, relieved he had not dreamt all of the events from this magical night. As he focused on the glittery zutterfly, Zeddy asked, "Can you tell me about Zamira?"
The zutterfly settled on the pillow next to Zeddy. It began to tell him of the warm, beautiful planet Zeddy had just visited in his dream. Zamira was a land full of zutterflies and all kinds of floating, flying things. There were people there, as well, very similar to Zeddy and his mother. Zeddy listened intently for any hope that Zmally might mention his father or someone who would want to take his father.
"I don’t mean to be rude, but exactly what are you? I know you said you were a zutterfly, yet I'm not even sure what that is. Is it some kind of butterfly?" Zeddy asked as he tried to focus on the flickering, fluttering glow.
"I'm not sure how I compare to your insects here on Earth. On Zamira, I'm a dark matter zutterfly," Zmally answered.
"What exactly is dark matter?" asked Zeddy.
"It's what I am made of," answered Zmally. "I'm only a dark matter zutterfly. I don't know how to explain what I am here on Earth. I'm sorry I can't answer better than that."
"I bet Professor Zenith will know what you are," Zeddy said with confidence. "Do you know how you got here?"
"Your father brought me back here in his pocket, but I escaped in the morning light and hid until I knew I could trust your family. There are many people in the universe who would want to capture me and study me, as zutterflies are rarely seen outside the deepest depths of space. But I trust you now, and I know you are the key to my return to Zamira," Zmally answered.
"My father brought you back in his pocket? Does that mean he has been to Zamira before? Is he there now?" Zeddy asked eagerly.
"I know he has been there, but I am not there to know if he is there now. When he was there and captured me, it was very quickly, I think. You see, time does not have much value on Zamira. The only time that we keep track of is the amount of time it takes for our king to return – a glorious day we still await," Zmally answered.
"Your king? How long has he been gone?" Zeddy asked curiously.
"I believe it will soon be 200 years since he left on his adventure. It must be an exciting one to stay gone so long. He is missed very much by our people."
"Are you sure he is coming back?" Zeddy asked, trying not to sound rude.
"Oh, definitely. He is the Z-King of Zamira. He taught us how to speak this language of yours and the language of his forefathers, and we taught him to speak the language of the World of Z. I have observed you today, and I knew you would respond much better to this language than my native language. All of our words begin with the letter Z, and this can be confusing for people not fluent in our language. I hope it is to your liking that I speak this language," said Zmally meekly.
"I am thrilled to be able to talk to you!" answered Zeddy. "I hope that I can find a way for you to return home, but I am so very tired right now. Tomorrow I’m to begin an exciting adventure. Would you like to come along to see if we can find you a way home?"
"Oh, yes! That would be most excellent! I do appreciate your kindness. I know I have trusted the right Earthling with my safety! I will repay you whenever I can," answered Zmally exuberantly.
"Can I put you in my backpack so that I can find you tomorrow in the light? That way I can make sure you are safe and know where to find you," Zeddy asked.
"Of course," answered Zmally. "It would be my pleasure. I'm awfully tired, too. I have had a long, tiresome day."
Zeddy slowly got out of bed and held out his hand for Zmally. Much to Zeddy's surprise, Zmally didn't weigh a bit. Zmally actually didn't feel like anything at all!
"How weird and wonderful!" Zeddy thought to himself. "Maybe this is the puzzle I have to solve. Amazing!"
Zeddy slipped Zmally in his backpack and whispered, "Good night, Zmally! We'll figure all of this out tomorrow!"
"Good night, Zeddy! Thank you for your help!" Zmally answered.
"Thank you for being part of my amazing adventure," Zeddy whispered in reply, as he turned to go back to bed. He could only hope that the rest of his dreams would be as beautiful as his dream of Zamira.

8 A NEW FRIEND


The morning came quickly, and Zeddy and Zadie were up before dawn. They dressed quickly and ate a small breakfast. Zeddy checked the new laws for the day, but fortunately the 20 new laws all had to do with appropriate use and disposal of plutonium. Zeddy's father had mentioned that plutonium was used to make nuclear power, so Zeddy assumed the new laws were a result of the radiation that was detected in the Nevada Province a couple of days ago. Zadie, too, was relieved that they didn't have to contend with anything too demanding from the IG today.
As promised, a small box was waiting for them by the front door. Opening the box was exciting, yet scary. Inside the box, there was a map with explicit directions on how to reach 777 Zarancher Lane in Livermore. Four unlimited tram passes for all of Amerasia lay on top of a stack of papers. Judy Zitch must have had connections everywhere, because the box was filled with hundreds of different identification cards and papers for Zeddy, Zadie, Zane, and a man who must have been Professor Zachary Zenith. Zeddy and his mother realized that this journey was not going to be simple, and that it may be a long time before they return home.
"Are you ready for this, Zeddy? It's going to be a big adventure, I think," Zadie asked her son.
"I'm ready, Mom. We have to do this to find Dad. Besides, I have a new friend I have to help get home, too. They're both counting on me," Zeddy answered.
"A new friend? What do you mean?" Zadie asked suspiciously.
"Come and see," Zeddy answered.
Zeddy picked up his backpack and motioned for his mother to follow him.
"Zeddy, what are you talking about? Who is this new friend? Why are we going to the bathroom?" Zadie asked, as she hurried after Zeddy into the bathroom.
Zeddy shut the bathroom door and turned to look at his mother. He held his finger up to his mouth to indicate that she needed to be quiet. She wanted to ask him what was going on, but Zeddy waved his finger at her again requesting that she be quiet. Zadie crossed her arms over her chest and looked at Zeddy impatiently. She wasn't sure how she felt about this whole situation. Zeddy turned off the light, and Zadie's temper was about to flare when she noticed that there was a strange glow coming from Zeddy's partially opened backpack.
"Zmally? Hi, there. I want you to meet my mom. She's going on our journey with us, and I think it's important for you guys to meet before we leave. Do you mind coming out to meet her?" Zeddy asked softly into the backpack.
"No, I don’t mind at all. I would love to meet your mother," a little voice answered from inside the backpack.
At the sound of that little voice, Zadie's mouth dropped open in utter disbelief. She was shocked and a little horrified at what could possibly be glowing in that backpack and talking to her son. As she was about to reach out and grab Zeddy to run screaming down the hall, a most magical thing happened. A butterfly, well, maybe a butterfly, emerged from the backpack. It was the most amazing thing Zadie had ever seen. Its wings and body were invisible yet not, and it gave off the most beautiful light that shimmered silver, gold, blue, and violet all at once. It fluttered up and out of the backpack and landed on her outstretched arm.
"Mom, this is Zmally. He's a dark matter zutterfly from Zamira. He wants to go home, and I told him we would help him. Zmally, this is my mother Zadie," Zeddy said, as Zadie stood mesmerized by the glowing creature on her arm.
"Hello, Zeddy's mother Zadie," Zmally said in a kind little voice.
"Hello, Zmally," Zadie said in disbelief.
The little bug's wings flittered and fluttered, and its glow was indescribable. Zadie could not believe her eyes, but she knew it was real.
"Mom, Zmally is from Zamira. He said that Dad brought him back in his pocket from Zamira. So that means Dad was there, but that doesn't mean he is there now. Maybe Nimueh misunderstood, and Dad was there but isn't anymore! That may mean he is with this professor we're trying to find. Maybe we'll find him today!" Zeddy said excitedly.
"You mean your father did go to this other world and brought Zmally back here? How could he do that? And why?" asked Zadie in confusion.
"I don't know why, but don't you think that might be a sign that Dad is okay Since he brought Zmally here, I hope we can return him!" Zeddy answered.
"I hope that, as well," Zmally said happily.
Zadie stood there in disbelief. Her husband traveling to another planet, bringing back dark matter zutterflies in his pocket, disappearing? It all seemed so strange, but she knew Zane's determination to find the truth and find a way out of the IG's control. Maybe this was part of his plan? She stood there in silence, until she remembered they were standing in the bathroom in the dark.
"Why did we have to come in here to meet?" Zadie asked curiously.
"I haven't figured out how to find Zmally in the light," Zeddy answered. "Until I do, we'll just have to find him in the dark."
"Zmally, can you see us in the light?" Zadie asked the zutterfly.
"Why, yes, I can! I didn’t think of that! Even if you can’t see me in the light yet, I will keep track of you," Zmally answered, with a cheerful pink glow added to his glimmering.
"You must be happy!" said Zeddy. "You’ve turned pink! And now I don't have to worry about losing you! But just for the trip, do you mind riding in the backpack? I would hate for you to lose track of us on the tram."
"Not in the least. I feel much safer where I know you can find me. This world is a little scary to me. I would really prefer to ride in your cozy backpack. Thank you," answered Zmally.
With that, Zmally flittered and fluttered up and then back down into the backpack.
"Bye, Zmally! See you in a bit," Zeddy whispered as he zipped up the bag.
Zadie could not believe all that had transpired in the past 24 hours. Her husband had disappeared, her neighbor was revealed to be an ancient witch, her son had discovered some kind of dark matter zutterfly, and their search for Professor Zachary Zenith might be the only way to set it all right. She could only hope that things got more settled rather than less. Otherwise, this was going to be a long journey that she wasn't at all sure she was ready to undertake.
In the now-lit bathroom, Zadie looked at Zeddy's reflection in the mirror and realized that there was nothing she wouldn't do to find her husband Zane and reunite her family. She also realized that she loved Zeddy more than anything, and that the boy from yesterday had been suddenly replaced by this budding young man of today. Zadie took a deep breath, and she decided once and for all that this trip would not end until her husband was home.
"Come on, Zeddy. It's time to find this Professor Zenith. The tram leaves in a little while, so we need to get going," Zadie smiled down at her son.
"Sure, Mom," Zeddy answered as he strapped on his backpack.
The two gathered their duffle bags and oxygen tanks, and they packed a couple of spare oxygen canisters into a third duffle bag, along with a change of clothes for Zane. They put some nonperishable food and some water bottles in the extra bag, as well. Zeddy ran back to the bathroom and grabbed the First Aid kit to add to the bag, just in case. Zadie stood waiting for him at the door. As the two opened the door and stepped out into the yellow gray haze of mid-morning, Zeddy turned around to look at his house one last time. Somehow, he knew it would be a while before he would return. The house alarm chirped, and Zeddy and Zadie started down the street toward the tram station. The sun glared around them, and as they walked along, they seemed to disappear into its golden rays.
9 A VISIT TO ZARANCHER LANE


It was a balmy summer afternoon. Zeddy sat next to the tram window, transfixed on the scenery outside. They sped past the giant windmills towering along the rolling hills on both sides of what was once the winding, windy Vasco Highway. Zeddy remembered his father reading to him The Man of La Mancha, where Don Quixote fought ancient wooden windmills when he was bewitched to imagine they were his enemies. These modern windmills were as tall as ten-story buildings, grinding out electricity day and night. Zeddy couldn't help but wonder how Don Quixote would manage to fight these giants in shining armor.
Zeddy's mind kept drifting back to his dream of Zamira, catching dark matter zutterflies, and then floating up in the air when they had filled his butterfly net. It was such an amazing dream! No dream had ever felt so real to him before. It was like he had really been on Zamira, and Zamira seemed like an amazing place! It was so bright and cheery, and the grass and air seemed so clean. The sun had been shining, but it wasn't like the rays of the Earth's sun, beating down through the holes in the ozone layer. It had felt warming and gentle, instead of burning and blinding. Zeddy closed his eyes and let his mind wander back into that glorious dream.
And soon, Zeddy was again dreaming he was floating through space, whizzing past stars and planets. He reached the edge of Zamira much more quickly, and he had no hesitation as he crossed from space to planet. Zeddy landed softly on the plush green grass, rolled over, and looked up at the bright blue sky. The most glorious dark matter bugs imaginable glimmered and glowed above and around him. Zutterflies and all types of shimmering, gleaming dark matter bugs filled the sky of Zamira. Zeddy had never seen anything like these dark matter bugs on Earth. Some of the zutterflies were the size of eagles, while others were the size of tiny fruit flies. Their patterns were unique and colorful, and they glowed in the most unusual colors he'd ever seen. The air smelled so lovely, like the strong, sweet fragrance of his mother's African Gardenia. Zeddy decided to walk around and pick the purple and blue flowers that littered the grass. Everything was so gorgeous and peaceful that Zeddy never wanted to leave.
The screeching wail of the speeding tram stopping in Livermore woke Zeddy from his dream. He rubbed his eyes and gathered his backpack and duffle bag. As Zadie led Zeddy through the crowded aisle towards the door, strangers' voices and the smell of chemical exhaust from the tram filled the air. Zeddy looked around the tram station, and everything seemed dirtier and dimmer than before. Still transfixed by that dream, he found himself dazed in his earthly world that now seemed drab. He wished that one day he might find a place like Zamira; a place with no pollution, no burning sun, no constant changing of the laws, and no International Government to keep him from laying in the grass and floating in the air, pulled by zutterflies. Zeddy knew in his heart that the IG would never allow that kind of fun.
It was still too far to walk to the professor's house from the tram, so Zadie hailed a taxi to take them to Zarancher Lane. The sun was beating down, and the steel buildings reflected its rays, blinding passersby. As they approached their destination, Zeddy and Zadie felt a sudden surge of energy, fueled by nervousness. The trip from the tram station seemed to have taken forever. However, as they pulled into the long driveway that led to 777 Zarancher Lane, time seemed to speed up as if they were in a movie being played on fast forward. Zadie paid the robotic taxi driver, and the two quickly marched to the professor's front door. Zadie reached out and pressed the doorbell. A long droning electronic bell echoed inside the large house.
It felt like an hour had passed as they waited on the front porch, but it was actually only a couple of minutes before a man opened the door a crack and peered out at them. Seeing a woman and child, he smiled and opened the door.
"Can I help you?" the man asked.
"We're looking for Professor Zachary Zenith. Would that be you?" Zadie asked, with as much confidence as she could muster.
"I am Professor Zenith," the man answered. "Is there something I can do for you?"
Zadie turned and waved to the taxi driver that it was fine for him to leave. The yellow taxi turned around in the oversized driveway and off in a blue blazing fury. The professor looked at them oddly, wondering who were these people now abandoned on his doorstep.
"Why, yes, professor. I hope you can help us," Zadie finally answered as she turned to face him. "We need to talk to you about … about Zamira."
Professor Zenith's face turned white as Zadie spoke the word Zamira. He looked like he might pass out. Instead, he opened the door and motioned for them to quickly come inside. Zeddy and Zadie picked up their bags and hurried into the house. As they entered, Professor Zenith looked around outside, cautiously scanning the landscape. Satisfied, he pulled his head back inside, shut the door, and latched all ten bolts around the door frame. Professor Zenith finally turned to face his guests.
"Who are you, and what do you want from me? Who are you?!" Professor Zenith demanded.

10 STORIES COME TO LIFE


Zeddy and his mother stood together in Professor Zachary Zenith's front hall, frozen in fear. Zadie pushed Zeddy behind her as the professor stared at them, a crazy look in his eyes. The professor shook his fist at the scared mother and child who were slowly backing against the wall.
He demanded once again, "Who are you? I asked you a question, and I want an answer! I've heard that the IG does some questionable things, but why would they send a woman and kid to immobilize me? It wasn't my fault the project blew up! I have no idea how it even happened. Things were fine, and then …"
"Hey! Hey! It's okay, Professor Zenith! We aren't here from the IG. I think you may know my husband, Zane. He's a physicist, and he's gone missing. I know it sounds crazy, but a witch told us we needed to contact you in order to find my husband. We aren't here to hurt you; we just want to find Zane!" Zadie blurted out, interrupting the professor in mid-sentence.
"Wait … Zane? Are you Zadie and Zeddy?" the professor asked, slowly lowering his arm.
"Yes. Yes!" Zadie answered in relief. "Zane is my husband, and this is our son Zeddy. Something happened yesterday and Zane disappeared. I know it sounds bizarre, but an old woman in our neighborhood said that we need to find you and a place called Zamira to find Zane. Do you know what she means by that?"
"I know your husband," Professor Zenith stated solemnly. "I'm afraid I know how Zamira would fit into the equation, too. And now that I know he is missing, I am sure of one thing more than anything else. We truly are in danger. The IG must have taken Zane. And they'll come to take me, next. If they find you here, you'll be taken, too."
"What are you saying? Did Dad do something wrong?" Zeddy finally rallied the courage to ask.
"No! No … it's not like that. I'm sorry. After the new laws this morning and the chaos of the last few days, I overreacted when you showed up here. Call it paranoia, stress, whatever. I … I'm sorry. Please. Come in. Let me get you a drink, and we can talk this through. If you'd like to follow me," said Professor Zenith.
The professor started down the hall and motioned Zadie and Zeddy to follow him. Zeddy looked anxiously at his mother, not sure whether to trust the professor or make a run for it. Zadie nodded her approval, although she, too, was unsure of how stable this professor actually was. She reached down and took Zeddy's hand in hers. They left their duffle bags in the hall near the door and walked slowly down the dimly lit hallway, following the professor into a large open kitchen. The professor motioned towards the table.
"Please, have a seat. I will pour us some water. Please … sit," the professor asked politely, genuinely sorry for his earlier behavior.
Zeddy and his mother sat at the large metal table, while Professor Zenith took out three glasses and filled them with water. He brought them to the table on a small metal tray. Carefully, the professor passed Zeddy and Zadie a glass each. He then sat down in the chair at the head of the table and took a sip of his own water before speaking. The professor looked exhausted. His grey eyes were shadowed by dark circles, and his wavy gray hair seemed as frazzled as he looked. His clothes were crumpled. His shirt was only half tucked in, and his pants had stains all over them. Professor Zenith looked like he was having a very long day.
"Let me apologize for my earlier behavior," the Professor offered. "My name is Doctor Alexander Zachary Zenith. You can call me 'Professor'. I am an astronomer. I've known Zane for many years. I actually taught him when he was in college. He was one of my brightest and best students, and is quite a remarkable man. I always hoped to meet you both, but the International Government is so strict about scientists associating with people any more than necessary. You see, scientists ask too many questions. The IG thinks that if we spend our spare time socializing, we will eventually be asked questions they don't want us to answer."
"Wait a minute!" said Zeddy excitedly. "Professor Alexander Zachary Zenith? You're Prof. A. Z.? You're Prophesy?"
"Prophesy?" asked the professor. "Yes! Yes, I am. How do you know that?"
"My father has always told me bedtime stories about a man named Prophesy. He said you were the smartest and bravest man who ever lived. Dad said you were a magical man who could see other worlds and imagine magical things that no one else could imagine. He said that your visions would change the world! I thought you were a story! But you're real! Are you a magician? Can you really see other worlds and the future? Can you?" Zeddy asked eagerly.
"Your father – oh, I'm not a real magician. I guess those stories were his way of letting you get to know me. He always treated me like I was part of his family. I guess he was just trying to let that be true. You see, Prophesy is the nickname your father made up, based on my name and my love of space exploration. Zane and I always agreed that the answer to all our problems could be found in space. I am a scientist, and science is a lot like magic. So, no … I can't really see the future, but I can see other worlds through my telescope," Prophesy answered.
"Do you think my father is really The Count of Monte Cristo? Because I sometimes get that feeling, when he tells me all of his bedtime stories. Is he your fearless sidekick scientist? Isn’t Dad a genius mathematician?" Zeddy questioned.
"Dantes? Hahaha!" Prophesy laughed merrily. "I suppose he would be Dantes, but he chose that name because of your mother's favorite story, not me. I think your stories must have been about our adventures together. Zane started as a mathematician, but he has been my scientific partner for the last 15 years. I love him like my son. Years ago, I discovered a planet, which I named Zamira, in the Libra constellation. Your father and I have spent the last 15 years trying to uncover Zamira's secrets. We built an amazing telescope that allowed us to not only see Zamira, but also to take measurements of the planet's size, mass, and weight. Your father is a brilliant scientist, and one of the most fearless men I have ever known. That courage and Zamira may be the cause of his disappearance."

11 TELESCOPE REVELATIONS


"What makes you say that Zane's courage and Zamira could be why he is missing?" asked Zadie.
"It has to do with our work together. It may be easier for me to show you," answered Prophesy. "Come with me. I will show you Zamira."
Zeddy and Zadie stood and followed the crumpled professor down a few winding corridors and into a large dome-shaped room. 'Prophesy' pressed a button on the wall, and the dim lights encircling the room began to cast eerie shadows. Before them stood the largest telescope Zeddy had ever seen.
"See this telescope? Your father and I designed it. Through this, you can see worlds that could once only be imagined. I used graphene, a compound your father discovered in graphite, to build it. Graphene is 100 times tougher than steel, but no thicker than a single atom. Since it's transparent, it's the perfect viewing agent. Graphene also makes an excellent conductor for electricity. It's amazing that graphene had been hiding for so long in simple lead pencils."
"But a pencil breaks so easily, how can it be stronger than steel?"
"Excellent question, Zeddy! You remind me of your father; a chip off the old block. Graphene is dispersed in minute quantities throughout the layers of graphite. There is very little in one pencil. So, you see, despite the durability of Graphene, other elements make up the majority of a pencil lead. It is the other elements that break," explained Prophesy kindly. "Now let me show you Zamira."
Zeddy and Zadie stood completely still as the professor punched buttons, making screens and the enormous translucent telescope began to whir. Prophesy's fingers moved faster than Zeddy ever thought possible. Their amazing dexterity continued to punch buttons and slide screens faster than Zeddy could think. Finally, the professor stepped back and pressed another button that revealed a giant computer monitor hidden in the wall.
"Watch the computer screen. It will take a few minutes to come up," said Prophesy. He continued to push buttons faster and faster. Zeddy and Zadie watched the screen closely, waiting for the images of Zamira to appear. First, clouds began to show up on the screen. Next, stars came into focus. The professor pushed buttons in a frenzy, almost as if he was playing a piano. The dim outlines of a planet began to spread across the screen. Suddenly, it was there before their eyes. Zamira.
Black space was streaked with spinning yellow stars, as the telescope stopped above one of the most beautiful things Zeddy had ever seen. Zadie took Zeddy's hand in hers, entranced by the beauty of the amazing moment they were witnessing. The planet itself appeared deep pink, like the rich red hot pink of the sun setting over the ocean on a summer evening. It was encircled by what looked like blue and lavender clouds, streaking the blackness of space with halos of colors. Zeddy had never seen anything that could compare to its beauty. It floated in front of them, a bright mystical orb that seemed to contain all the light the universe could hold. It was amazing!
"I discovered Zamira in 2075 inside the constellation Libra.” Pointing, he said, “This is Zamira. It is light years away, but it seems to float right here in front of us, doesn't it?" Prophecy asked with reverence in his voice.
"I've never seen anything so amazing!" Zadie whispered, almost too amazed to speak.
"It feels like we could touch it," Zeddy said with awe, outstretching his free hand.
"When I first discovered Zamira, I thought it was a nebula, or a dying star. You see those blue clouds that surround the planet seeming to float freely in space? As stars die, the nuclear reactions that break the star down emit helium, which glows blue. But I felt it was something different. Something amazing …. I just wasn't sure what it was. After countless measurements and calculations, months spent watching its regular orbit and surface wind patterns, I knew it was a planet. I named it Zamira, after my name Zachary and my mother's name Amira," the professor explained.
"So does Zamira have a sun and a moon?" asked Zeddy, his eyes never leaving the screen.
"It has dozens of moons, although they are much smaller than our moon. Zamira itself is somewhat smaller then Earth, but not as small as Mercury. It has 2 suns, which helps create the gorgeous, glowing pink you see. After the creation of this telescope, your father and I were determined to find something important. We spent years plotting Zamira's course and cycles, but we learned they are always different. It's as if time doesn't exist the way it does here. There are many mysteries about this planet," Prophesy said, staring at the planet with true admiration.
Suddenly, the images on the screen began to slowly twist and turn. The circular planet changed into what looked like a child's drawing of a flower, with semicircles connected to make a full shape. The neon pink seemed to fade into white and then into a deep royal blue. It was like looking at a gigantic eye in space. Instead of the beautiful planet they had been admiring, there was a radiant flower. Zeddy and Zadie watched in amazement.
"What happened?" Zeddy asked.
"That's the problem," the professor answered. "I always have trouble with WIMPs."

12 WIMPS ARE MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE


"Wimps?" Zeddy asked. He was confused. He thought that wimps were weak people. He had never heard of wimps in space. He also knew his father would have never let him call someone else a wimp, not even an alien.
"Wimps?" Zeddy's mother also asked. "How do you know that there are wimps in space? Is Zamira populated by wimps?"
"I know what you're thinking," Prophesy began. "I'm not talking about wimpy people. I'm not talking about a lack of physical strength or a lack of courage. I'm referring to Weakly Interacting Massive Particles."
"What are those?" Zeddy asked.
The professor scratched his shock of grey hair. He didn't know quite how to explain scientific theory to a young boy.
"For centuries scientists have been trying to explain how the universe keeps expanding, and why the universe doesn't simply stop expanding beyond the mass of the original star that exploded in the Big Bang Theory. We had no real explanation for where the original matter came from that keeps pushing the universe further and further from its point of origin. Finally, we realized that there must be some reason for this discrepancy. That is where WIMPs come in.
"WIMPs are what scientists believe are the basic units of dark matter. Dark matter is an invisible substance that makes up for the missing weight and mass in the universe. Weakly Interacting Massive Particles are thought to be invisible, electro-magnetically neutral particles that rarely interact with matter, and have their own gravitational forces. It is the secret that your father was searching for. It is what we both thought we would discover through Zamira, because it constantly changes shape and size, and its weight is always fluctuating. Proving the existence of dark matter would be the biggest scientific breakthrough of this century," Prophesy explained as best he could.
"So, did my father go to Zamira?" Zeddy asked.
"He tried," said Prophesy sadly. "We have spent our time together over the last two years in the Nevada Province. We were searching for a way to get to Zamira, since shuttling there would be impossible even for a robot. There is no way to carry enough fuel. I believed that we would be able to open a portal between our world and Zamira, if we harnessed enough power to create a controlled vortex whose trajectory was aimed towards Zamira."
"How can that be possible?" Zeddy and Zadie simultaneously asked.
"Oh, yes. Let me see. If we used power to open a door in the time/space continuum, then we could travel to Zamira," Prophesy tried to explain.
"So you wanted to travel across space and time without having to use a spaceship?" Zeddy asked.
"Why, yes, my boy! Your scientific mind is wonderful! I am afraid I don't talk to many people anymore. It's hard to remember that other people aren't thinking about the same things I am thinking about," Prophecy said solemnly. "So you see, your father and I built a machine to do just that. We built a giant reactor and a spinning mechanism that would imitate the creation of a vortex. But we had no one to go, once the machine was up and running. The IG demanded that one of us go. Before I could volunteer, your father stepped into the vortex.
"As he entered the vortex, the nuclear reactor began to melt. As much as we studied dark matter, we overlooked the importance of dark energy in our calculations. Dark energy is supposedly more powerful than any other force in the universe. Scientists believe it may even be more prevalent than dark matter. In fact, it may be the actual force that created the universe as we know it. All our planning was worthless. Our equipment began to explode and catch fire. I ran up the stairs and grabbed your father, pulling him out of the vortex before he was trapped wherever it opened. We barely escaped. The facility exploded, and we were lucky to have survived. Your father was exhausted, and I was afraid he may have been exposed to some sort of radiation. I put him on the first tram to the hospital, but apparently he went home to both of you. I am sorry that I don't know more to tell you. I would like to tell you that maybe the radiation made him suffer from temporary memory loss, or maybe he needed time to think it all through. Unfortunately, I believe that the IG must have picked him up because our experiment was a failure. That is why I think they will come here next," said Prophesy, with tears beginning to form in his eyes.
Zeddy's head was reeling from the new information. He looked to Zadie for some kind of answer, but she only stared blankly at both the professor and her son. Then Zeddy remembered his zutterfly safely put away in his backpack. It had told him that it was a dark matter bug. Could Zmally be the connection to help Professor Zenith realize the truth?
"I have something that I want to show you," Zeddy said, slipping off his backpack. "I have something that certainly is related to this dark matter that you're talking about. You'll have to turn out the lights, though."
The professor went to the switch on the wall as Zeddy opened his backpack. In the dimness of the room, the little zutterfly began to glow deep inside the backpack. Slowly, the bug made its way up to the opening, as Prophesy looked on in disbelief.
"What is that?" the professor asked.
"This is Zmally," Zeddy said. "He is a zutterfly, a dark matter bug from the planet Zamira."
Zmally began to glow in the most beautiful shade of violet that they had ever seen. It swooped and swirled around the room, leaving trails of purplish light behind it as it moved.
"That is amazing!" the professor exclaimed. "Never in my wildest dreams have I ever imagined a creature such as this."
"It is quite beautiful, isn't it," Zadie said.
"It is an exquisite creature," Prophesy continued. "And you said that it was from the planet Zamira?"
"Yes. Last night it helped me dream of Zamira, the most beautiful place I have ever seen. Then we talked after he woke me up. He said that Dad brought him back in his pocket from Zamira. Unfortunately, Zmally was scared of us and had to observe us for a while to learn to trust us," Zeddy said.
"He spoke to you? In English? And he said your father brought him back from Zamira?" Prophesy asked, scratching his head.
"Yes, he said Dad brought him back from Zamira; and, yes, he speaks English. The Z-King of Zamira taught him English and another language, but he said Zamiran is a difficult language for outsiders to understand, because everything starts with the letter Z."
All these years, the professor had searched for dark matter. He had discovered Zamira and studied it with Zane, hoping to find the answers to the dilemma that had puzzled scientists for years – the existence of dark matter. And they had actually done it! He and Zane had created a portal between Earth and Zamira! If only Zane were here to share in this moment. This magically transparent zutterfly was the answer to all his life's work. Maybe …

13 IDEAS TURN INTO REALITY


The zutterfly fluttered down to land on Zeddy's hand. Its wings slowly moved up and down in the smoothest motion that Prophesy had ever seen. It was absolutely amazing. This was the mysterious dark matter he had dreamed existed for so many years. It was here, within reach; and it was absolutely astonishing! He wanted to reach out and touch the little zutterfly resting on Zeddy's hand. Prophesy was so excited that his hands were shaking.
"Zmally, this is Prophesy, a friend of my father's. He is very interested in meeting you," Zeddy told the little zutterfly.
"Hello, Prophesy," Zmally said as he flew from Zeddy's hand and floated in front of the professor's face.
"Why, um, hello," said Prophesy in a shaky voice. "I have been looking for dark matter for many years. I never imagined it, I mean you … imagined you … you would be a living being."
"Why have you been looking for me? Do you wish to capture me and study me in your laboratory?" Zmally asked, fluttering back as he spoke. The zutterfly was unsure of this new man and his intentions.
"You are the mystery that has baffled all the scientists on our planet for hundreds of years. We have made assumptions about you that your mere existence disproves. We thought you were made of some unknown subatomic particles or… I don't even know what. It's all so inexplicable! I don't want to experiment on you, now that I have met you. But I do want to know more about you. May I ask you questions?" Prophesy asked hesitantly.
"You may," Zmally answered. "But for the time being, I will stay over here with Zeddy. Before you question me, know that I do not trust you yet. You are a scientist. You have wanted to find me. Why would you change your mind now about wanting to experiment on me?"
"You are very intelligent and wise, Zmally. I understand your reservations. It's just … you see … now that you are here and real and responsive … I cannot imagine experimenting on something as magnificent as you. Is all dark matter created as zutterflies?" the professor asked quietly.
"No. There are all types of dark matter bugs and creatures. Zamira is full of beings. I heard you say that you were the first on earth to discover Zamira. Why did you believe that Zamira would help you find dark matter?" Zmally asked suspiciously.
"Um, the planet … it … um… changes shape and mass and … to be quite honest … well … it was just a scientific guess. Our scientists have guessed that dark matter makes up the missing mass in our calculations of the universe. Does it?" asked Prophesy eagerly.
"Dark matter makes up some of the existing matter that, in your calculations, you think doesn't exist. We creatures of dark matter have powers that seem to defy those laws that your world believes govern the universe. But do not feel poorly about your misunderstandings; many planets misunderstand creatures like me. We are one of the last mysteries of the universe. We and dark energy," Zmally said very rationally. "Dark energy is much more responsible for your miscalculations than dark matter creatures. In fact, we get most of our powers from dark energy. It is vast and inextinguishable. I can feel it everywhere, but Earthlings can only use the dark energy that was created for them. That is, if they were lucky enough to have some created for them."
Zeddy, Zadie, and Prophesy all looked at each other. The revelations of the past 36 hours swam in Zeddy's head making him dizzy. Zadie and Prophesy were beginning to feel almost as overwhelmed as Zeddy. What did all of this mean? Was there really some set of rules or regulations for the universe that people from Earth could simply just misunderstand? What was it that created these rules? There were so many questions that they all wanted answered.
"By the way, Zeddy, I was wondering if that was your Rosetta crystal in your backpack." Zmally asked.
"Rosetta crystal? Do you mean that crystal Nimueh gave me?" asked Zeddy, stooping to search in his backpack for the stone.
"Ah. Nimueh? What a wonderful Zamiran creature! I did not realize she was still on Earth! She must have given you your dark energy. What a wonderful gift! Surely it will help us on our way to find your father and my way home," Zmally glowed pink and happy, humming around the room again.
Zeddy pulled the crystal out of his backpack. It was small and smooth and a very pretty shade of light purple. His mother noticed the same hue in Zeddy’s dark eyes, when the sun lit on them. Such a pretty looking crystal, to contain something called dark energy. Zeddy had to wonder if it was, in fact, evil, as it turned pink on touching it. The crystal didn’t feel evil, but he thought about the contradictory stories about Nimueh in history. Then he thought about what his mother had revealed to him about the International Government. He began to think that maybe he should follow his heart, and his heart was telling him that this crystal was something that was helpful and powerful, and just for him. As he looked down at the crystal, it began to change color again. The pale pink began to darken into red. Suddenly, the zutterfly also began to glow a bright red. It was no longer the beautiful colors it had once been. This red was dark, almost a warning.
"Someone is here," the dark matter bug told them. Zmally and the crystal continued to burn brighter then dark red.
Zeddy, Zadie and Prophesy were shocked by three loud knocks at the front door. The professor had been expecting no one. The loud knocks could only mean one thing: the IG.

14 FEAR KNOCKING AT THE DOOR


"KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!"
The sound was terrifying. Zeddy, Zadie, and Prophesy looked at each other in panic. They scanned the room, but there appeared to be no way out, except the door from which the knocking came. Massive fear gripped the three, as they stood there, paralyzed. The Rosetta crystal in Zeddy's hand glowed almost blue now. It was cool to the touch, but looked as if it could burn through metal, like a blowtorch. Zeddy almost dropped it, but he realized the temperature of the rock hadn't changed. It had to be a warning. Zeddy, Zadie, and Prophesy exchanged glances that let each other know they all agreed on one thing; those knocks were not something they wanted to deal with … ever.
"What should we do?" asked Zadie in a panic. "I can't let them take my son. He's just a boy!"
Prophesy replied quickly, "No! They mustn't! And we have to hide the crystal and the zutterfly. If they find those here, they will never believe that the explosion at the project was accidental. They will think we are hiding the discovery for ourselves. That alone would be life in prison for Zane … and me. If not worse … "
"So what do we do?" Zadie said as quietly as she could, with her heart pounding in her ears.
"KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!"
Whoever was knocking at that door was beginning to get impatient.
"Mom, we can hide under some of this equipment! Prophesy, you will have to go talk to them. Act natural. You know, like you were busy researching and lost in thought. Act like you don't have a clue what could be going on that they would need to talk to you. We need to hurry up, though. I've got no clue what to do if they bust down the door!" Zeddy said bravely, taking command.
"Good thinking, my boy! Excellent plan! Get Zmally and hide! I will be even more distracted and absent-minded than usual. It will work … surely, it will work," Prophesy's voice trailed off, as he tried to erase his own fears of what was to come. After meeting Zeddy and Zadie, and after seeing the amazing dark matter bug and dark energy crystal, Professor A. Z. Zenith was sure he had to do whatever he could to protect them. With Zane gone, it was his duty to take the place of the man he thought of as his own son.
Zeddy whispered for Zmally to come with them, and the dark matter zutterfly willingly flew into the large cabinets Zeddy and Zadie were squeezing into. Zmally knew danger when he felt it, and what waited outside that door was definitely dangerous. Even the little zutterfly thought that no good could come of it, if these were the people who had Zeddy's father. He was growing very fond of this brave Earthly boy, and he began to think of how he could help if the situation became even more perilous.
Prophesy waited till the trio was nestled in the large supply cabinets that had long sat empty due to his never-ending lack of supplies. He quickly switched off the computers and steadied himself as he turned to walk down the hall. Again the loud knocking bellowed its command to come down the hall. Prophesy took a deep breath and walked quickly down the hall.
"Coming! Coming!" Prophesy called out as he hurried down the hall. "Who is it, please?"
"Doctor Zenith, this is the International Military Police. We need to speak with you regarding the explosion in the Nevada Province. Open the door, please," a deep voice called from outside.
"May I see your identification?" called Prophesy, stalling as best he could. "I'm sorry, but one can't be too careful!"
"Slide open the panel on your door," called the deep voice. "You may look through to see our identification cards."
"Why, thank you," Prophesy answered shakily.
Prophesy slid the panel over slowly. Three bulging men stood outside his door, wearing the grey military uniforms with gold insignias of the International Military Police. All three had dark sunglasses and shaved black hair. Each man was the exact same height and build, and they looked more like robots than humans. Detective Hassle, Senior Detective Madden, and Special Agent Ire all had proper IMP identification cards, complete with the International Government's stamp of authenticity. Taking a deep breath, and a gulp for good measure, Doctor A. Z. Zenith opened the door.
"I do apologize. I hope you weren't waiting long. I was researching, and I just sometimes get lost in my studies. Being a scientist, I don’t get many social calls," Prophesy smiled as best he could, stepping out the door and pulling it closed behind him.
"I am Special Agent Ire. We need to speak to you about the details of the explosion in the Nevada Province. We also need to make sure that you have not been contaminated by radiation. We will need to go inside now," the deep voice said, eyes hidden by the black lenses in his glasses.
"It's such a lovely day, and I have been cooped up all day. Might we do this on the veranda? I have some lemons. I could make lemonade," as the professor tried his best to lead them towards the garden veranda.
"We need to do this inside, if you please, Doctor. Now," Special Agent Ire demanded.
"Well, you see, the house is quite the mess. Not having any visitors, well… as I said before, I am unaccustomed to visitors," Prophesy kept trying to dissuade the agents.
"Now," Ire commanded, grabbing Prophesy by the arm in a most painful way.
"Yes, very well, then. Perhaps it is rather hot out here. The longer I stand here, the more I notice it. Do … do come inside," Prophesy said, backtracking to the door and hoping the hand grasping his arm would loosen.
The three IMP followed Prophesy into the dim hallway and across to the study he used to greet his few visitors. Computers lined the walls, but there was a comfortable brown velveteen chair, couch, and love seat. They were worn with age, but at least if he got to sit in the chair he would be out of Ire's agonizing grasp. Prophesy headed towards the chair, and, once he was seated, Ire released the older man's thin arm. Prophesy breathed a sigh of relief as the throbbing arm fell to his side.
Ire sat on the couch which was positioned closest to the chair. A second IMP sat on the love seat facing the professor, and the third man stood in the study doorway.
"Now," said Ire, "let's discuss the explosion that occurred during your project's accident in the Nevada Province."
Prophesy could tell this was not a good omen for the rest of their visit.

15 HIDING IN WAIT


Zeddy and Zadie sat, crammed into the big empty metal supply cabinets in the laboratory. They were very scared. Zeddy was almost too terrified to breathe, but he thought maybe that was good, since he didn't want to make a single sound. Zadie sat across from him in the dark cabinet, silent. Zeddy thought his mother must have been very uncomfortable in the cabinet. Luckily, she was only a little over 5 feet tall and thin; otherwise she would never have fit. Still, she had to feel awkward and uncomfortable stuffed in the cabinet. He even felt cramped, as small as he was.
Outside the cabinet, they could hear the knocking again. And again. There were muffled voices for a few moments, then what sounded like a door shutting. Minutes passed, but each one felt like a year. Zeddy and Zadie sat like statues in the cabinet. The little zutterfly's red glow of warning grew darker and darker; until, at last, the zutterfly turned black. As the petrified mother and son watched the zutterfly disappear into the blackness of the cabinet, they heard the door open and shut again. Then they heard the deep, booming voice.
Zeddy had never been so afraid. He closed his eyes tight and clenched his lips together, in hopes that no sound would escape. Escape. Zeddy's mind raced at the thought of the word escape. How? When? Where? His mind seemed to be spinning in circles of glowing red against the black of his closed eyelids. The voices in the front of the house seemed to fade. All he could hear was the constant thumping of blood surging through his heart and speeding through his body. The stale air in the cabinet felt like it was sucking the oxygen out of his lungs, rather than bringing it into them. Zeddy was worried. What if the police took Prophesy? What if they took them all? As Zeddy's mind spun and spun, he suddenly remembered their duffle bags left in the hall near the front door. Oh, no! If the IMP saw the duffle bags, then it would be over.
Zeddy thought as hard as he could for a way to keep the IMP from discovering their bags. Maybe he could sneak out of the cabinet and down the hall to get the bags and hide them. He looked anxiously at the dark shape of his mother, wishing she could hear what he was thinking. He had to do something; the muffled voices were still there. If he didn't act soon, they might get caught. Zeddy tried to see Zmally, but the danger must still have been high because the little zutterfly was nowhere to be seen. It wasn't as if something as tiny as the zutterfly could move the bags. Zeddy would have to do it. He had to save them from the IMP!
Zeddy reached up to push the cabinet door open. Zadie saw his movement, but in the sliver of dim light she saw Zeddy shaking his head. Zadie was so confused. What was Zeddy trying to do? He was sure to be caught if he opened the cabinet. Zadie reached over and grabbed Zeddy's arm, letting the cabinet door fall silently shut. Zeddy whispered as quietly as possible, "Mom, we left our bags in the hall. If the IMP noticed, they will definitely arrest Prophesy, and then they will come to find us. I have to go hide the bags!"
"No, Zeddy! You can’t risk it!" Zadie whispered frantically.
"I have to do this, Mom!" Zeddy whispered back.
Zadie knew he was right. There was no way any of them were going to escape the IMP, if they saw those duffle bags sitting in the hall. Zadie sadly nodded her agreement, although her heart was breaking. Zeddy nodded back. He was scared, but he knew he had to do what he could to save them. He reached up and pushed the cabinet door slowly open. He could hear the voices more clearly now.
"So, you are telling me that the explosion was just an accident? It seems more logical to us that you were trying to cover up an enormous blunder. The Nevada Province is still in quarantine, and radiation from the nuclear reactor you were using has caused a tremendous amount of environmental damage. How does a nuclear reactor reach meltdown level without the person who designed the machine knowing it was happening? Why didn't you cut the reactor off and follow protocol? Why!" a deep voice was yelling in a room down the hall.
"I told you! It all happened so fast that I didn’t have time to follow protocol! I could save the life of my partner or follow protocol!" Prophesy's raised voice bellowed back.
Zeddy was shocked to hear the professor yelling. Prophesy was actually yelling at the International Military Police. That had to be who was here! The IMP was interrogating Prophesy about the explosion and the project, and Prophesy was yelling at them! He was the bravest man in Amerasia. Zeddy knew his father's stories were truthful on that account. Prophesy was more courageous than Zeddy had ever imagined, and his courage inspired Zeddy to be courageous, too. Zeddy silently slipped out of the cabinet and shut the door, leaving his mother and Zmally inside. Slowly, he stood up and peered around the room. It was then that Zeddy remembered that he still had the Rosetta crystal in his hand. Zeddy opened his hand, and glimmering in the darkened crystal was Nimueh's golden eyes.
"Young Zeddy, in your hand you hold the key to the problem you face. Only you can unleash its power. Now is the time. You know how. You all must escape! In my crystal viewer I have seen your father's face glimmering in a place called Jungle Island. You must get there and find him! You will know what to do," Nimueh's voice echoed in his head.
He looked around, but no one must have heard her voice but him. The IMP were still arguing with the professor in a room down the hall. The crystal must have allowed Nimueh to speak to him in his mind. He wondered if he could ask her a question the same way. Now, however, was not the time to find out whether or not he could. He had to move those bags from the hall. Is that what the crystal was going to help him do? Move the bags? But how?
As Zeddy stood frozen in thought, he was jolted back into reality as he heard the deep voice bellowing, "So if all this was an accident, then why are your bags packed? Where were you going professor? Where!"

16 DISCOVERIES


Zeddy froze. It was too late! The IMP had already seen the bags! What was going to happen? What should he do? He had to act, but his feet felt glued to the floor. Finally, he turned and headed towards the cabinet. Down the hall, the deep voice boomed, "Search the bags! Find out what he's hiding!"
"Oh, no!" Zeddy thought. "They'll know we're here!"
Zeddy ran to the cabinet and threw open the door. He grabbed his backpack and pulled the zipper open. Quickly he dug in the bag to find the little worn leather book Nimueh had given him. He felt it! He pulled the book from the bag and opened it.
"What was that noise? Check the rooms! This man is hiding something!" the deep voice bellowed.
"No!" yelled Prophesy.
"Zeddy! What are you doing? Get out of here! Run! Run!" yelled Zadie, emerging from the cabinet as two large International Military Police officers ran into the room.
"Freeze!" yelled one of the men.
Zeddy stood there, the crystal hidden, clenched in his right hand, and the open book in the left. His mother stood beside him, silent tears rolling down her face. A third large man who looked almost exactly like the other two men entered the giant room, dragging the professor behind him. He looked crossly at Zeddy and Zadie, and then he pushed Prophesy towards them. The professor almost fell from the force of the shove. Zadie reached to steady him, and Prophesy joined the two of them facing the IMP officers.
"Now, what do we have here?" the man who pushed Prophesy asked in his deep loud voice. "Who are you people, and what are you doing in here?"
"I can explain…," Prophesy began.
"I've heard enough of your lies!" the deep-voiced man yelled. Looking at Zadie and Zeddy, he continued, “I am Special Agent Ire. I represent the International Government. I demand you tell me who you are and what you are doing in this man's house! Now!"
Zadie started to step forward, but Zeddy grabbed her arm. She froze and looked at him in surprise. Zeddy shook his head no very slightly so that only she could see. Zeddy, Zadie, and Prophesy stood very still, staring at the IMP officers. Ire was not happy in the least.
"I believe I identified myself properly as a representative of the IG. I also believe I asked you to identify yourselves. I order you to answer me." Ire sneered.
At that moment, Zeddy raised his right hand, pointing the Rosetta crystal at the IMP officers and screamed, "Zarashmiha!"
A giant red flash of electric light shot out of the crystal in Zeddy's hand. It soared across the room in a tidal wave, engulfing the men who stood in front of them. The light was blinding, and the force behind it almost knocked Zeddy over. He stumbled backwards, as he watched the blazing light sweep over the IMP officers and across the room. As quickly as it had appeared, it seemed to vanish. Zeddy blinked several times, his eyes unable to focus after the intensity of the light.
Zeddy watched the men in front of him, not sure what he had done. The IMP officers appeared frozen. Ire's mouth looked painted on his face, half-open as if he were about to scream something. The other officers were motionless, as well. Even their lungs had ceased to moved, as if they had no use for the air they usually inhaled and exhaled. As Zeddy looked around, everything was motionless except for Prophesy, his mother, and himself.
"What did you do? How did you …" Prophesy tried to ask.
"Zeddy, are you okay? Are you hurt? What was that?" Zadie asked frantically, as she grabbed Zeddy in her arms.
"I … I … I don't know. I just opened the book and knew what to say," Zeddy tried to explain.
"You unleashed the dark energy of your Rosetta crystal," said the little zutterfly, as he fluttered out of the cabinet, still dark in the presence of danger. "You have temporarily stopped time. Dark energy can affect many things, especially time. The stone is rightfully yours, Zeddy. I know you will use it wisely."
"Thank you, Zmally," said Zeddy. "How long will this last? Will these men be alright?"
"Yes, they will be fine. Unfortunately, I do not know how long it will last. You have exerted a powerful force for someone so young. I do know that we should have enough time to escape after a dose of dark energy that strong. I will show you one of my gifts."
Zadie and Prophesy were not going to take any chances that the effects of whatever had just happened might wear off before they could get out of the house. They needed to get as far from this place as humanly possible. Zadie grabbed Zeddy's backpack, and he stuffed the little book and the crystal safely inside and zipped it shut. He slung the backpack over his shoulders and stuck his arms through the straps. Zeddy and Zadie ran down the hall hand-in-hand, after Prophesy. The professor was already throwing their things into the bags. Zadie scooped up the tram tickets and three sets of falsified identification papers.
"We need to get as far from here as we can. We need to get on the next tram out of here," Zadie stated, with a sense of urgency in her voice.
"It will take too long for the taxi to get us there," Prophesy stated. "Perhaps we can run through the fields and find a place to hide. We have to …"
"We have to go to Jungle Island!" Zeddy interrupted. "Sorry, Prophesy! It’s hard to explain, but Nimueh spoke to me through the crystal. She said she had seen Dad's face in a place called Jungle Island. She said we need to look for Dad there."
"Jungle Island? That is a tropical island in a place that was once known as the Bermuda Triangle. Why would your father be there?" Prophesy asked.
"Maybe that is where he is being held," Zadie offered.
"It is possible," agreed Prophesy.
"We will have to use these falsified identification papers and tram tickets that Nimueh provided us," Zadie said. "It's the only way we will be able to go undetected, at least for a while. We will be outlaws after this. Hopefully the IG will not post our pictures. They will surely frown on letting the constituents of Amerasia know they lost three people they tried to arrest."
"But how are we going to get there? We will never make it to the tram station before we are found," said Prophesy.
"I beg to differ," said Zmally. "Get your bags. We must go outdoors."

17 PLAYING WITH DARK MATTER


The three fugitives walked out into the dimming day. Everything was frozen. The limbs of the trees that had been blowing in a summer breeze hung in stationary waves. A bird perched on a branch sat immobilized, with wings outspread in its attempt to take flight. The silence was almost unbearable. Nothing moved, except the three people and the little zutterfly.
"Where is this tram station?" asked Zmally.
"It is five kilometers east of here," Prophesy answered. "We will never get there without being seen."
"Come," said Zmally, "and do not be afraid. Dark matter bugs have tricks of their own. I can get you to the tram station in a matter of moments. Just be sure to hold your bags tightly and try not to move."
Prophesy, Zeddy, and Zadie watched in amazement as the darkened little zutterfly began to flap his wings very, very quickly. He flew in a large circle above them. As they watched, the zutterfly flew faster and faster and faster. Within seconds, he was spinning above them so rapidly that they could not even see him anymore. Zmally looked like a dark drawn circle above their heads. The three did not even notice that they were no longer touching the ground, until they looked away from the zutterfly's circle. The air spun around them in a dark cloud of swirling wind, but they didn’t feel the slightest breeze. It was as if they were standing in the eye of a hurricane, looking out at the worst storm ever. They all looked up at the little zutterfly in amazement. Then, as quickly as it began, it was over.
Zeddy felt a little disoriented as he looked around him at the still-frozen world. He looked at the now light pink zutterfly and asked, "What was that?"
"That is why Zamira changes shape," answered Zmally. "Dark matter bugs have their own gravitational pull. If we decide to dance, we can create vortexes that people cannot see from the outside. You can only see a vortex from the inside. Unfortunately, it does take a good bit of energy to create a vortex. I can only do so one time per day. I am also a young zutterfly, less than 10,000 years old. If I were older and stronger, I would create a vortex to travel back to Zamira. Alas, I am not. But I hope that my talents may come in handy on our journey."
"Amazing!" exclaimed the professor. At last, he knew his theories were correct! He smiled happily. He momentarily basked in the magnificence of this scientific discovery.
"You are amazing!" said Zeddy. "I know you will be very useful on our journey! I suppose it has already begun."
"It has," answered Zmally. "Now we need to find your father. Only he can clear the professor's name, so that they might help me return home. As a team, I know we can do it."
"As do I," said Zeddy.
"And I," said Zadie.
"And I, too," said Prophesy.
They stood there for a moment smiling hopefully at each other. Unfortunately, the happiness was short-lived. A slight breeze began to blow around them.
"Time is restarting," explained Zmally. "I will ride in your backpack, Zeddy, please. I do not wish to get separated, and I am very tired now. I think I will nap."
"Of course," answered Zeddy.
Zadie unzipped the backpack, as the little zutterfly faded into his normal light glow and fluttered into Zeddy's bag. Then she handed Zeddy and Prophesy their fake papers and tram tickets.
"I guess we will be the Hutton family, for now. I will be Sadie Hutton. Zeddy, you will be Eddy Hutton. Prophesy, you will be William Hutton, my father-in-law and Eddy's grandfather. Let's try to remember not to use our real names. People are moving. Let's hurry to the line," Zadie said.
As the frozen world came back to life, Zeddy looked in wonder at all that was around him. He was scared and excited as he boarded the tram with his mother and new grandfather. So much had changed in so little time. His entire world was upside down. Yet, somehow, he felt braver than he had ever felt before. As he bustled down the aisle and took his seat with his family of fugitives, Zeddy wondered if things could get any stranger than they already had gotten. The three fugitives took their seats, and Zeddy gently placed his backpack under his seat. He rested his forehead on the window pane. As the tram left the station, Zeddy watched the beautiful orange and pink sunset expand over the city. His eyes grew heavy, and he leaned against his mother's shoulder to rest his head.
"Rest, my sweet Zeddy," his mother whispered. "It’s been a long day, and our journey has just begun."
Zeddy closed his eyes, and soon he was floating in the blackness behind his eyelids, past yellow and blue stars. He knew he was on his way to Zamira.

End of Book 11

Please enjoy a special preview of Book 12.


~Chapter 1~

(Preview of Book 12)

"Eddy. Eddy. You need to wake up, dear," a soft voice called through the vast expanse of sleep. "Son, you need to wake up. Wake up, Eddy."
The voice sounded familiar in the young boy's head, but the name did not. The melodious beauty of that voice reminded him of lullabies his mother had sung to him, once upon a time. Was his mother talking to someone else? If so, why did it sound like her whispers were floating inside his head? His mind was clouded with sleep. He was floating into the blackness of exhaustion. Up ahead, he could see the blue and yellow stars he soared through each night to the land of his dreams. They seemed more inviting than the strange name being whispered in his ear. He felt himself beginning to fly through the blackness, moving rapidly towards those magical stars up ahead.
"Zeddy," the beautiful voice whispered in the faintest sound imaginable, as if someone were trying to speak to the departed.
The flying boy halted in mid-air, some unknown force pulling and drawing him away, as if a vacuum had been turned on, and there was no way to escape. That one whispered word drew the boy out of the land of dreams, and the rushing force of reality flooded his mind. He opened his eyes, rubbing them and blinking several times to cast away the last traces of sleep. Slowly, his eyes began to adjust to the darkened room around him. The mugginess of the room was magnified by the extreme heat that had persisted from the long summer day into the night. In a sliver of light from the windows high on the towering, rusty walls, Zeddy's mother's violet eyes glittered. Her hair, deep brown just three days ago, now radiated red from the hair dye she had used to disguise herself. Zeddy was sure his hair looked the same. Even in all this unfamiliarity, his mother's smile felt like home.
"I hate to wake you," Zeddy's mother began, "but I think the professor has found us a ship that will take us to Jungle Island. We will need to go soon. I know it's hard to remember, but we're fugitives, Zeddy. You have to answer when I call you “Eddy” now. And you mustn't forget that I am Sadie Hutton and the professor is your grandfather, William Hutton. I know it's confusing, but I can't risk calling you “Zeddy” right now. Maybe one day soon I can again safely call you “Zeddy”, but for now it has to be what our new papers say. You are Eddy Hutton, not Zeddy."
Zeddy nodded in agreement, still too unfocused and fatigued to come up with an answer. He knew she was right. His life had changed so much in the last week, that he could scarcely keep it all in order. His father had mysteriously disappeared. He found out his neighbor was the ancient sorceress, Nimueh. His mother had revealed a secret room in their house, in which was stored an illegal collection of paper books that disproved all the history lessons of the current International Government, or IG. He had visited an amazing place called Zamira, in a dream given to him by a dark matter zutterfly. He had found Professor A. Z. Zenith and learned the professor was his father's partner at work, exploring dimensional portals for the IG. They had all barely escaped being arrested by the International Military Police. He had learned that he had the ability to use dark energy trapped in a Rosetta crystal from Zamira, with the help of Nimueh’s sorcery. And now, he had spent the last three days as a fugitive from the IG, first on a tram to the Mississippian Province; then hiding in this old empty warehouse, trying to find someone who would take them to Jungle Island, where his lost father might be held captive. To say the least, for a small, slim boy his age, this was an incredible week – he was exhausted.
Zadie, now “Sadie Hutton”, stood up and reached to help her son to his feet. Zeddy knew the time had come to embrace this new identity. It was vital for his own sake and that of his family, including his newly-acquired grandfather, Professor Zenith, or, as his father had called the professor in Zeddy's bedtime tales, “Prophesy”. They were the Hutton family, now. They had to stick together and become the family that their forged papers said they were. There was already a bond growing between the professor and him, and Zadie enjoyed the security of having someone else make sure Zeddy stayed safe. As Zeddy gathered his backpack and duffle bag, he resolved to do whatever he must in order to remember that he was Eddy Hutton, now. One day, if they could find his father and prove that they were innocent of withholding information from the International Government, he could become Zeddy again. For now, however, that would have to wait.
"I've found a ship that is willing to sail into the eerie waters that lead to Jungle Island," said the professor, now Grandfather Hutton. "I have promised them money upon our return from this trip, and I gave them my antique Rolex watch as the first part of our payment. They are an interesting bunch, but the Captain seems like an honorable man. I like his name, Captain Baldi. It seems so familiar."
Zeddy had to smile. He looked at his mother, who was also smiling. Baldi was the name of the captain of the smuggler's ship that had rescued Edmond Dantes in his mother's favorite book, The Count of Monte Cristo. He was an honorable man, despite the fact that he was a smuggler. They both hoped, at the same time, that this captain would be the same.
"Let's be off, now," Zeddy's mother said quietly. "We will pray we have the luck of Edmond Dantes."
Zeddy laughed out loud as the professor looked at them, puzzled. The professor smiled even though he was not sure how the joke made sense. It had been many years since he had read of Edmond Dantes, and he was not sure he remembered what would make the other two want the luck of a man wrongfully imprisoned for 14 years. Still, he knew they both had the book pretty much memorized, as Zadie read it all the time. So, hopefully, there was luck to be had, after all.
The three fugitives walked out of the rusty warehouse onto the darkened street. There were no lights on these forgotten streets where they had been hiding. The moon beamed down across them, casting a silvery glow that danced across the leaves of overgrown bushes and trees tossed aside by the salty ocean breeze. As the three walked, hand-in-hand, toward the harbor, Zeddy knew that the time had finally arrived. These were his last moments as Zeddy, at least for now.
They walked for what seemed like an hour, until they came in view of a dilapidated, old ship that looked like something out of a pirate story, or maybe an old war story. Zeddy wasn't sure. It was rusted metal and shaped like a sailing ship, rather than one that used power. There was a giant metal mast and what looked like a sail. It was like stepping back in time.
"Master Hutton!" a booming voice called. "Welcome aboard the Camilla!"
As they began to walk the gangplank to the deck of the ship, Zeddy looked back one last time. He waved good-bye to the shadows of the life he had always known, and he turned with resolution to face the life he was about to begin.
During the long voyage, Zeddy found two rare books named “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” and “Tom Sawyer” and read them with great interest. He was surprised to find a reference to The Count of Monte Cristo, the very book his mother read to him. He fell into a deep sleep and dreamed the strangest dream of his life. He awoke startled by his vivid memory of it.
“Mom, you won’t believe the dream I just had. It was a combination of the books I read and the past few days, all rolled up together. You talked funny in my dream like a character from those books, and I have a parallel self in my dream.”
“Really? Can you share it with me?”
“Sure mom, let me relate the dream the way Mark Twain told his stories; not like I’m talking in the first person, but like an all seeing eye and ear. This dream of mine has dreams within dreams and occurs, back in time, 80 years ago.”
“Cool. How does it start?”
When Zeddy was only 6 years old, he discovered an invisible world. He came to know that world as Zamira, or The World of Z.
How did Zeddy discover this secret world, you may ask?
It happened on that clamorous day when his father, Zmack vanished along with Zeddy's puppy, Zigger.
There was a thunderous bang at the front door. "We have taken your husband", Zeddy's mother, Zadie, heard coming, as if from the sky, in a voice that only she could hear.
Zeddy was frightened by the thunderous bang, so he hid under his parents’ bed, where he noticed a small voice say, "Hello".
Zeddy didn't think it sounded like anything he heard coming from one of his toys or a TV, so he asked, "where are you, small voice?"
"Don't be frightened. I am calling you from the World of Zamira, where all words, like that of your family, start with the letter ‘Z’."
"How can I see you?"
"Did your father ever teach you any secret Z words?"
"Maybe, but I can't remember."
"Your father escaped the Z world 100 years ago and we just got him back here a few minutes ago. Your mom will be franticly looking for him now, but won't be able to find him."
"How can we get into Z World?"
"She can't come here!"
"Why"?
"Because if she does, she will interfere with our plans."
"What plans?"
"Zeddy, who are you talking to?"
"I don't know mom. I heard a small voice, and it told me about another world where daddy might be."
Zadie would have been sure Zeddy was making up another one of his tall tales if she hadn't herself just heard a Sky voice.
"Get your shoes on quickly son. We have to go look for your father."
"Why, mom?"
"I'm downright petrified of that booming loud noise that we heard just as your daddy took Zigger for a walk, and I don't see him anywhere out on the street."
They walked all over Discovery Bay, even out to the dock and paddled their canoe along the Delta passageways to see if he was visiting on one of the neighbors’ docks, fishing for some tasty bass supper.
"You know, if dad was fishing, he would take me."
"Yes, but he wasn’t anywhere else to be found. Where do you suggest we search?"
Just then, a cell phone rang. "Can I help you?"
"We found your puppy running loose again. Can't you keep Zigger on a leash?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. Where is he now? I'll be right over to fetch him.”
“Zeddy, that old witch down the street caught Zigger again, so I'm more than ever worried about your father now."
"Maybe daddy's playing a trick on us. You always say I got my mischievousness from dad."
"Possibly, but he has never done anything like this before. I have an awfully bad feeling. Don't fret now; wipe your tears. I have a letter that I promised I would only open if something like this happened. It should explain everything."
Meanwhile, Zadie held back her tears to help her son not worry too much, while she remembered a strange promise she had made to her husband that, in case he disappeared, she would open a sealed envelope. She use to itch to open it, but she'd been afraid that he would be angry, and soon she-forgot all about it.
They quickly went to fetch Zigger, however, the old witch made them stay for tea and cookies. Zeddy forgot that his mom had told him only to pretend to drink the tea, because it was certainly some kind of brew that would cast a spell, so after he half swallowed it , he spit the un-swallowed part out, but it was too late.
The witch, whose name was Ms. Zitch, laughed, "Hah hah hah! I saw your father snatched up into a cloud through my crystal ball."
She laughed hysterically, cackling like the wicked witch in the “Wizard of Oz”. “He went up the opposite way that you see lightning come down from the clouds and, right then, I knew that he had that long beard for a reason, and not the fashion statement he feigned."
"The cookies and tea were delicious", said Zadie,"but we must scoot along now."
Zigger liked the cookies so much he did three somersaults to beg for one more as we walked out the door in my dream, mom.
Really, what happened next?
Ok, let me continue telling the story like Mark Twain would.
"Good boy!" Zeddy pet his puppy, a rare breed called a Macau. "Where did you learn that"?
The dog barked but, strangely, Zed could translate that bark into English, which was, "bark yelp howl”, meaning the cookies had something in them that gave him that new talent."
Zeddy thought, "Wait, I ate some, too," so he jumped in the air, and lo and behold, he, too, could do a triple somersault.
"Mom, did you see that?"
"See what?"
"I did a triple somersault, just like Zigger did."
"Don't fool with me boy; this is no time to be fooling around. Save that for when we find your dad."
So, Zed thinks to himself, "I wonder if Ms. Zitch is part of the Z World, since her name starts with a “Z” and she bewitched me and Zigger, so that we can do triple somersaults without mom's notice. Maybe she isn't really a witch like mommy thinks."
"Mom, why do you think Ms. Zitch is a witch?"
"Everybody knows that son; even her name says it."
"Mom, I don't see the logic in it, it just isn't logical. My brother, Zaymack, says that you can easily think you logically came to a true conclusion that is false. I want to be a scientist, and you have to have something more logical than that to go on, to arrive at a conclusion."
"Son, if there is anything that I've learned it is that where there is smoke, there is bound to be fire. Look at it this way: everyone says that she is a ' witch ' and that is the smoke while her name kindled the fire."
"That's it mom. That fire is just imagination. Her name set their minds on fire, so the only smoke is that coming out of their imaginations."
"You got that debating skill from your father and, just like him, you do it in such a way as to not challenge me personally, but even your father never debated anyone about Ms. Zitch being an enchantress."
"Maybe he likes to laugh at them, because if he corrected them, then there would be no fun in it any longer."
"Well, that would be like your father."
Meanwhile, Zadie was searching high and low for that envelope with the strange seal on it.
That night, Zeddy was afraid to sleep in his own bed, so he said, "Mommy, can I sleep in here, since dad's not home and I'm afraid to sleep alone?"
"Just tonight, honey, "since she, herself, was afraid to sleep alone, after such a frightening day.
While his mom was in her big closet digging around for that sealed envelope, Zed decided to crawl back under the bed to see if he could hear that small voice again. Zigger followed, thinking it was a game. They lay on their stomachs looking at each other, then the puppy put his right ear to the ground like he heard something, then started scratching on that spot.
Zed realized he must be hearing the small voice, so he said, "move aside,” as he pushed himself on the spot and said to the floor, "Is that you, small voice?"
"I'm not in the floor," the small voice said.
"Where are you then?" asks Zed.
"I'm in another dimension,” says the small voice.
"Do you remember the secret words your father taught you?"
"No!" How do I know this question isn't a trick?"
"It is not a trick. Just try to remember, if you want to visit this other world."
"What is your name?"
"Zmally. What's yours?"
"Zeddy, but you must have known that because you said my whole family has names that start with “Z”, remember?"
"In fact, I do remember"
"How did you know?"
"Because I am your parallel self in this other world, so when your father was brought into this world, it opened a portal for me to see and hear your world."
"What will happen if I enter your world? Won't there be two of us, like twins?"
"Very smart but, no, there won’t be. When you materialize into this world, I will dematerialize from this world into your world and, vice versa, but you need to give me the secret password."
"I'm not sure that is a good idea, because I might not like your mom or your world and you might not like mine, and they might suspect something."
"But aren't you curious? Don't you have any sense of adventure?" asks Zmally.
"Sure enough, I'm downright adventurous, but I don't want to get lost in some other dimension, do you?"
"Well, at least you can see your father here."
"Wait a minute! Shouldn't my father's parallel self have shown up here when he was taken?"
"Your father is different because he is the only one who can only be in one dimension at a time," said Zmally.
"Why is that?"
"Because he is ZKing of Zamira here, but there he can strive to be anything he wants. We are having a hard time living without ZKing after 100 years, so our wisest scientist had to invent a way to force him through a magnetic field to bring him home."
"Wait another minute," Zed says. "That means that you have been without a father since you said that my dad has been here 100 years. How can you be born without a father?"
"I'll give you that; you are clever to ask that question but, in fact, I do have an even more clever answer."
"What might that be?"
"Do you know what ‘Zosmosis’ is, I mean ‘Osmosis’?"
"Yes, 'the diffusion of fluid through a porous membrane'".
"How did you know that?"
"I stumbled across it in the dictionary and paid close attention to that word because it sounded scientific; and I want to be a scientist."
"Good, so substitute fluid for genes and porous membrane for another dimension and you have the diffusion or replication of genes through another dimension, meaning that whatever your father creates in your dimension is created in my dimension."
Can my father escape your dimension and come back here?"
"Yes, as ZKing, he can decree it."
"Can you ask the scientist who invented the way to force him through that magnetic field to invent a way so that we can both be in the same dimension at the same time?"
"That may be what resulted in our father becoming just in one dimension at a time, since I heard a legend that says he and his parallel self did just that and merged into one being in the process."
"Zeddy, whom are you talking to?"
"Nobody, mom."
"Well then, we need to get some sleep now. Put your puppy in his bed and close his door, so he won't jump back in the bed with us."
Zeddy whispered to Zmally, "Good night, I will get back here when my mom's taking her shower, or in the kitchen, cooking."
"Zood Znight", says Zmally.

~Chapter 2~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

Zeddy dreamed about parallel worlds, and as he awoke, he thought, "I wonder how the dictionary defines the word ‘parallel’", so he stretched and found his pocket dictionary and searched and read” "Parallel - (par e lel) adjective 1. Being an equal distance at every point so as never to intersect. 2. Corresponding. Noun - 1. A surface or line that is parallel. 2. A set of parallel lines 3. Anything that closely resembles something else. Verb - 1. To extend parallel to. 2. To correspond to”.
Not satisfied, he asked, "Mom can you please Google 'parallel worlds' for me?"
"Sure son, but first let me finish this missing persons form."
"Thank you, mom", anxious to hear what the Internet had to reveal.
"Wow, listen to this! ' While parallel worlds have been explored in novels and movies, there are a growing number of physicists who theorize that parallel worlds most likely exist and a portal between these worlds would therefore be discoverable.' Sounds like those physicists read too much sci-fi."
"Maybe not, mom! Let's see if we can find the name of one of those physicists and check out his credentials."
"Zeddy, you are only 6 years old. What are you going to want me to do next? Call him? Then I suppose you'll want to interrogate him. How will that help find your father, please tell me that?"
"I'm almost 7, mom! Please see what you can find. Search, 'prominent physicists thesis on parallel worlds.' "
.....typing sounds....
"Bingo! Professor Zark Zenith."
"No way, his name is --- did you made that up, mom?"
"In fact, he is a researcher now at the famous Lawrence Livermore Lab, which is only a 40 minute drive from us."
"Are you teasing me, mom?"
"Here,” She hands the phone to Zeddy after dialing a 925 phone number.
"Is Professor Zark Zenith (Professor ZZ ) available?"
"Is this his grandson, Zachary?"
"Yes," he fibbed.
"Hold one moment, please."
"Zachary, I hope this can wait because if I keep taking family calls, I could lose this new job, since I just started today!"
"Professor Zenith, this is really Zeddy. My father, Zmack, is missing and we need your help!"
There was such a long pause on the other end of the phone, that Zeddy said "Professor, are you still there?"
"Yes, is this a practical joke? I think you need to call the police, not me."
"Please don't hang up, professor. I have reason to believe that my father has been transported into another dimension, and I heard you are an expert in this field."
Zadie grabs the phone and says, "Excuse me, professor. It is true that my husband disappeared under strange circumstances, but I apologize for my son's vivid imagination, and for bothering you."
"No bother, young lady. Would you and your son have time to visit my ranch in Livermore tonight? I'd like to invite you for dinner, and if you find your husband, by and by, please bring him, too. My address is 777 Zarancher Lane and my cell phone, in case you get lost, is 925-777-7777."
"That is easy to remember, but I can't promise to be there. My name is Zadie, and thank you for the invitation."
"It is nice to meet you, too, so please let me know by 5:30 PM and, hopefully, I will see you both at 7:00 PM."
It was a balmy summer afternoon as they drove past the giant wind mills towering along the rolling hills on both sides of the winding, windy Vasco Highway. Zeddy remembered his father reading to him, ‘The Man of La Mancha’, where Don Quixote fought ancient windmills when he was bewitched to imagine that they were his enemies.
The modern windmills were as tall as a 10 story building, so that if Don Quixote had to fight them, he would see them as huge giants in shining armor.
They were ahead of schedule, so they stopped at the watershed and caught a few frogs on the way to see the professor but, as they were about to leave, Zeddy said, "Don't move mom. Freeze! There is a large rattlesnake stretched out by your right foot."
Zadie looked down and froze, petrified, as a chill ran up and down her spine.
Zeddy found a long stick and used it to distract the serpent. Then his mom ran to the car.
"If your dad was here he would have caught that with his bare hands. For a second, I was afraid that you would try."
"I'm Quixotic enough to try, but I don't want to give you a heart attack."
"If you ever try that, you'll be more afraid of me than those venomous fangs, you understand?"

~Chapter 3~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

Approaching the ranch, they felt a sudden surge of energy that made them speed quickly to the professor's front door, like watching a movie in fast forward. Once Professor ZZ opened the door, it seemed as if time no longer existed.
It was the strangest feeling.
The professor looked like he could be Zeddy's grandfather, since he had the same, but longer, white beard and puffy eyes, like they spent too much time reading into the wee hours, but of the color brown like his own, not hazel like his father's eyes.
Professor ZZ could read Zeddy’s mind. "Did you have fun catching those frogs?"
Just then a frog crawled out of Zeddy's pocket, which he caught and said, "yes, professor. Isn't she a beautiful specimen of the rare, red-spotted frog indigenous to this region?"
"Let's keep her in the creek in my back yard, where she won't go extinct."
As they walked to the creek, Zeddy asks, "Are you from the world of Zamira, or have you heard of it?"
"See that telescope? I designed it myself. Through it, you can see worlds that could once only be imagined. After dinner, you can see for yourself. Zamira does sound familiar."
"Awesome! Mom, did you hear that?"
"Yes, son. May I look, too," she asked, demurely.
"You may, however, I can't guarantee that you will discern every world that Zeddy sees, because part of the viewing device is designed to respond to the brain waves of its viewer."
Zadie says, "I recall that male and female brains are designed differently."
"And a child's imagination also works differently," adds the professor. "To build this, I used the recently discovered graphene out of a block of graphite, which is 100 times tougher than steel, but no thinner than a single atom; and since it is transparent, it is the perfect viewing agent and makes an excellent conductor for electricity. It's amazing that this perfect fabric of graphene had been hiding for so long in simple lead pencils."
"But a pencil breaks so easily. How can it be stronger than steel?"
"Excellent question, Zeddy. The graphene is in layers of the graphite, so it is the other elements that break. Anyone hungry yet?"
"Yes, I am famished," Zadie says.
"Me, too," Zeddy adds.
Entering the dining room, they inhaled a flavorful aroma and found a steaming feast laid out and wondered who had prepared it and set the table, since the ranch house was quiet as a mouse, and nothing but an empty table was there when they passed by that room earlier.
"Yummy, this is the tastiest!" as Zeddy ate the glazed brown turkey skin.
"That is not real turkey. It’s a veganized, turkey-flavored plant I genetically engineered, but I'm glad you both like it."
Zadie says, "May I grow that plant, too? Do you have any seeds you could spare? My step-daughter Zrachael and my grandson Zelwood are vegans."
"It is my pleasure to share some Zurkey seeds with you."
"Wow, this honey-glazed ham is even better than the Zurkey," Zadie declares. "I don't suppose this is also vegan?"
"Ah, yes, that is my crowning achievement, to make ham that is kosher so that even Israelis and Ismaelites can enjoy it without guilt. You will distinguish the zig seeds by their pink color. You have to use phosphate for fertilizer since the plant has glands that digest phytate."
In the den, Professor Zenith showed them three lazy-boy chairs saying, "This is where we can view the galaxies, using these glasses that receive and send signals to that tall, black telescope outside. It is like watching a movie in 3D with AI."
"What is AI?" Zeddy asks.
"Artificial Intelligence, which helps to fill in the parts we can't physically discern."
"You will notice little suction cups along the inside rim of the glasses that will pick up your brain waves, adding extra tastes, feelings, sights and sounds."
As soon as they relaxed in their chairs and put on their glasses, that gently self-attached, they instantly found themselves on the moon, looking back at earth.
Zadie grabbed the soft arms of her chair with shock because it seemed so real, and declared, "I can hear the most harmonic music of the spheres!"
The professor says, "To get to Mars, gaze in its direction and jump toward it, using the power of your imagination."
"Ouch! It's too hot on mars!" Zadie cried.
"Control the temperature. You can use the power of mind over matter. Learn to let go of your earthly perceptions. Think of this as a dream that your soul can control."
Within a few minutes Zadie was snoring, so the professor laughs and says, "Your mom is catching her Zs now," which made Zeddy giggle; a joke in which only the two of them could see the humor, and it made Zeddy crystallize that professor double Z was connected to the World of Z.
"How do I find Zamira?"
"That far-fetched planet is in the constellation, Libra, but it will take you some time to reach that vastness."
"I want to find Zmally and my father there. Can I do that from here?"
"You can endeavor to, but it really depends on if you are a true metaphysician like your father. Did he teach you to astroproject or remotely view faraway objects? It will take a combination of both of these esoteric arts, so that they will be able to see you, likewise. One of the reasons I developed this system is to spark promising young talents like you to elevate and extend those innate powers."
Zeddy realized that they were communicating telepathically, so he thought about his father teaching him metaphysics, which the professor acknowledges by saying, "See that large, bluish star glistening yonder?"
Zeddy scanned in all directions and then heard the professor's voice, "Follow that star, it is Ztar, the key to Libra."
"Since it will take a while to reach the key Ztar, since you should remember that there are 1 septillion stars with 100 billion in the Milky Way, alone, would you like to play chess?"
"Sure"! Up pops a chessboard of transparent gold and silver pieces, like a table with an image of the professor looking at him from the other side, floating in space. Simultaneously, the theme music from 2001 A Space Odyssey permeated their ears.
"Silver goes first, so take your primary move."
Using his mind, Zeddy moved his Queen's pawn up two spaces.
"A powerfully aggressive, bold, opening move," the professor commented. “Did you consider that this game of kings has an almost infinitude of variables to plan and play out? The world champion became so as a teenager named Magnus Carlsen, who can easily think 20 moves ahead. The Mozart of Chess learned the game from computers and uses intuition more than logic to defeat his opposition. He is so bored by his competition that he plays several games at the same time.”
Waiting for the professor to make his 10th move, Zeddy merged his artificially induced space exploration with dreamland.

~Chapter 4~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

At the crack of dawn, Zeddy and Zadie awoke to the whining and licking of a puppy as they pulled off their 3D glasses as Zigger jumped back and forth between their laps.
"I'm so embarrassed that we slept in a stranger’s house. How did Zigger get in here?"
The professor walked in, "Don't worry, you are safe here and don't be hard on yourself; you were exhausted from the drama of your husband's disappearance. I found Zigger in your Lexus, scratching to escape."
"Thank you for your hospitality, but we must zoom back home because of the new curfew that only allows leaving home for a maximum of 8 hours per day."
"Yes, I heard of that law", the professor says, and continues, "and to make matters worse, the international government just enacted an emergency law that we can't travel more than 60 miles from home without a special reason, such as a death in the family."
"Mom, I need to finish my chess game and find Zamira."
"Not now son. Perhaps we can do that if the kind professor will invite us again next weekend."
"But, mom!"
"Sorry, son, we need to zoom home now, because I also have to open the boutique and get ready for customers."
"I hope you don't mind that I packed you some zurkey and zam lunches from leftovers and here are the seeds I promised you. You are welcome to visit next Saturday, and please call me if you need any help. Zeddy, we can continue our chess game on your iPad, or if your mom will allow, take this Zpad, which is more dynamic."
"Thank you, professor. We look forward to zooming back here next Saturday."
Along Vasco Highway, where the giant windmills were grinding out electricity, Zeddy says, "Momma, I have a clever idea regarding that new law that internationalized all schools and limits the amount and type of food we can eat during lunch."
"What's that son?"
"We can plant some zurkey and zam seeds in the bushes by the play ground so I can sneak a piece off when I get hungry and if I get caught, you can use your dressmaking skills to make me an edible undershirt."
"You're a genius! How did you think of that?"
"In a dream last night, I was eating my tee shirt, and picking pieces off a plant at school, to eat."
"Keep it a secret or you might get caught. Let's plant those seeds on the way home, since no one is at school now."
"I have another idea, mommy."
"What's that, honey?"
"Home school me."
"Good idea but, unfortunately, that is part of the new school internationalization policy: No more home schooling. Regardless of that law, I want you to learn as much as you can when you are not at school, since they will only teach you to be a slave of the international government. Just tell your government teachers what they want to hear, exactly what they teach you."
"Yes ma’am! Guess what, my queen just checkmated Professor Zenith's king!"
"Cool, how did your queen do that?"
"Somehow, I knew each of the professor's moves ahead of time."
"Don't let anyone know that you are a pre-scientist or else the International Government might declare you as their eminent domain."
"What do both of the words 'eminent domain' and 'pre-scientist', mean?"
At first, the government only gave itself the right to take our land when they needed it, but from what we just heard on the radio, the International Supreme Court ruled that eminent domain includes persons, places and things. I believe I just made up the word pre-scientist based on the word, 'prescience' which means to have foreknowledge of the future."
"That’s scary, mommy!"
"With one exception, the International Government, in reality, now controls and virtually owns everything this 20th day of September 2020."
"What is that exception?"
"Our thoughts, yet they will soon attempt to control even those, and already have shaped what we think. The seeds of guilt have been planted if we think any thoughts of rebellion. Worse than mere seeds of guilt is the fear of life in prison, like those millions who have tried to challenge the system."
"I can be a rebel and win!"
"Erase that thought from your mind right now, young man! You would have to be the biblical Messiah to defeat that giant monster."
"I can do it, mom! If I can see each move of the professor before he makes it, I can see each move of my adversary, too."
"Professor ZZ is a kindred spirit, and only one man, whereas the International Government has hundreds of millions of brains, arms, legs, eyes and ears everywhere on earth."
"Then we have to get to Zamira in the constellation Libra."
"Son, it is ok to escape into your fantasy world, but don't get lost in there. Professor Zenith may be able to make that world seem real, but it will take another 200 years for the first probe to reach an inhabitable planet in that constellation."
"Mom, trust me, there could be a portal between this world and a parallel one. We could enter today as dad did."
"Trust me, son, most likely the International Government snatched up your dad, secretly, to interrogate him for one of his inventions. I told him to give those up, but he wouldn't listen to me."
Tears began to run down Zeddy's eyes, so Zadie holds his hand to comfort him and says, "Don't worry, your dad knows how to handle the Govs, since he had a run-in with them 30 years ago and got out of their clutches."
As they pulled into the driveway of the school, Zeddy says, "I have to pee very badly".
After that, they planted a few zig and zurkey seeds and Zadie says, "Shhhh, whisper, someone might hear us."
A man with black eyes and hair, dressed in black overalls suddenly appeared in front of their Lexus, accusing, "Why are you trespassing?"
"We had an emergency; my son had to water the bushes here where he goes to school. Who are you?"
"I'm the International Principal in charge of the conversion of this private school." Why are you so ignorant? Didn't you read the new laws? No child is allowed to use the bushes like that anymore."
"How could I read 10,000 new laws in one day?"
"Ignorance is no defense. Here, you will have to take this ticket to court tomorrow and be prepared to pay a fine and do community service. Don't bother bringing a lawyer, since the new law 6616 outlawed all private lawyers and, regardless, you are not entitled to any defense."
That same chill went up and down Zadie's spine that she had felt from the rattlesnake fright. "That's it!" she thought, "The new laws are like infusing ordinary harmless snakes with venom."
"What a cute puppy. Where is your license to own a dog, according to new law 616?"
"I'll go get one now!"
"Too late! I'll take him to the pound and you can apply for him if you have a legal reason to own a domesticated wolf."
"Zigger is not a wolf," Zeddy cried, as tears ran down to his mouth.
"He is over 1 foot long, so he is not a domesticated fox. All dogs are either domesticated wolves or foxes or some breed thereof. What is this breed?"
"Zigger is a rare breed from Macao, a mix of a Portuguese and Macao", Zeddy says as he wiped his eyes with the Kleenex the principal handed him. He is exactly 1 foot so, technically, maybe there is a loophole that will allow us to keep him?"
"Hmm," the International Principal was stumped. Just don't tell anyone we had this conversation, and I'll allow you to take him home. Don't let anyone else see him unless you first get a license."
"Thank you, kind principal," Zeddy says, as his face lights up with joy.
"May we know your name, Sir?"
"Dennis Meniacle", but feel free to simply call me ‘Principal’. My son, Dennis Jr, will start school next Monday and I believe he will be in your class, so be sure to show up on time."

~Chapter 5~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

That next morning, Zadie, says, "Son, go check on those hamsters your father is using as guinea pigs, in his lab, before they die of starvation."
As Zeddy feeds them, he notices the food box reads, 'bird seed', and that babies have been born.
Reaching down to pick up the baby hamster with a brown back and white face, he says, "Your name will be Zirus."Snatching up Zirus, he hears sounds from the hamster, "tweet, tweet, tweet", just like a bird whistles.
Running to his mom, Zeddy says, "Momma, look, daddy's experiment worked! This baby hamster whistles like a bird, so Zadie whistles a little tune, ' whistle while you work' and Zirus imitates her.
"Fantastical!" Zadie cries with delight, "how cute!" We can make a fortune selling singing hamsters."
"But you can't sell Zirus. This is now my favorite pet!"
"OK", but keep this our secret for now."
"Mom, let's got to the old fashioned video store and buy one of those movies that has singing mice, like Mickey Mouse, and put that baby hamster in front of the video machine to learn to sing."
So they went to fetch Zigger to walk him to the store and Zeddy says, "Let's first measure Zigger", and rolling out a measuring tape exclaims, "Mom! Zigger grew an inch, so we have to get a license to own a domestic wolf."
Approaching Ms. Zitch's house, Zadie whispers, "Shhhh, don't look at her," but it was too late. Ms. Zitch calls out, "nice little wolf, my pretties."
"Just keep walking", Zadie whispers, and then notices Zigger ran to fetch a magic cookie.
As soon as Zigger swallowed the cookie he shrunk into half his size, and Ms. Zitch laughs, "Now that he is a domesticated fox, his name is Ziger with only one ‘g’.”
Ziger growled angrily at Ms. Zitch and Zeddy bursts out, "Glad I didn't eat another cookie." But then he realized that principal Dennis Meniacle would no longer be able to confiscate Ziger, so he says, "Thank you, Ms. Zitch."
"Glad you see the wisdom in turning wolves into foxes."
Zadie calls her husband's friend, Zictor, and asks, "Did your connections find heads or tails of Zmack?"
"My connection checked with the Global Information Grid, now run by the International Government, which ties into the NSA, CIA, DIA, NAO, NGA, NRO, NCI, FBI, HLS, TIDE, NIMA, NCTC, CIFA, DARPA and INTERPOL, but there is no trace of him."
Zeddy heard that on the speakerphone and blurts out, "That should be called the alphabet soup of intelligence agencies, but did they check 'GeoEye'?"
Zictor says, "Good idea, that's what I'll call that bunch of spies from now on, but what is ‘GeoEye’?"
"They can follow your movements like in the movie, 'Eagle Eye'. Sometimes my dad calls me 'Eagle Eye'. Did you check with the Federation of American Scientists?"
"Now, that's a good idea", Zictor replies and asks, "How did you know about that Federation?"
"Because I will be a scientist when I grow up and my father is a member."
"You’re a chip off the old block," Zictor says. "Like father, like son."
"Thanks!" Zeddy smiles.
While they had Zirus watching old Mickey Mouse movies, Zadie took Zeddy to visit his best friend, CJ, for a birthday party.
"Welcome" CJ's mom, Cindy, says as she invites Zeddy in, "CJ's in the den."
In the den, Zeddy found some of his classmates there: Samuel, Logan, Samantha, Zara and CJ.
"Look!" Zeddy's here", sings Zara. In kindergarten, Zara once gave Zeddy a hug and another time a kiss.
"Did you bring your golden Pokémon?" CJ asks Zeddy.
"Yes!" As he slides it out of his pocket, all of the boys and girls gather around to gaze upon one of the most prized Pokémon, they hear splashing and look up at a dark fish tank.
"What's in there?" Samantha asks CJ.
"Eels."
"Electric eel?" Logan asks.
"I don't know."
Bravely, Zeddy puts his finger in the fish tank for a second and jerks it out saying, "yep, electric eel."
"Why is it so dark in there?" Logan inquires.
"The plug for the light short circuited."
Then Zeddy says, "I have a brilliant idea."
As the kids watch, Zeddy unplugs the electric cord from the wall and puts the plug into the water, and a slight glow of light barely makes the eel visible.
The girls both scream and Zara says, "Look how ugly the electric eel are, like part snake and part fish with a hideous ugly mouth, and they are staring at us."
Zeddy says, "Feed them!"
So CJ grabs some fish food and sprinkles it on the water as Zeddy says, "Watch how the glow increases as they eat." Lo and behold, as soon as they started eating, the brightness increased.
"How did you know that", the children ask.
"Because I have a scientific mind that I inherited it from my father and I want to be a scientist."
CJ asked what the others want to be when they grow up.
Logan says, "I want to be an astronaut and explore the 1500 exo-planets that have been recently discovered beyond our solar system."
Samuel says, "I want to be a pirate like Johnny Depp in the Pirates of the Caribbean."
Samantha says, "I want to be a brain surgeon."
Zara says, "I want to marry Zeddy when I grow up."
Zeddy's face turns red and to get the attention off himself asks, "And you CJ?"
"I want to be a spy like James Bond."
"Does anyone know how many ants there are on earth,” Zeddy asks.
Logan guesses, "One Trillion?"
"Good guess,” Zeddy encourages, "try 10,000 trillion!"
"How do you know that" asks Sam.
"Read it in 'The Ants' by Professor Wilson who recently wrote a novella called 'Ant Hill'. Ants are fascinating."
"Cool, that's lot of ants."
"There are nearly 7 billion humans and if you round up mankind's total weight to 1 trillion pounds that weight should balance out to the same as 10,000 trillion ants' weight, so we are equipollent in weight. If you want to know how much each ant weighs, divide 10,000 trillion into 1 trillion pounds, which means each ant weighs one 10,000th of a pound.
"Ants have six legs and to keep them out of your kitchen you can draw a thin line of boric acid around your house.
"Ants have developed super colonies like humans that are in danger of running out of resources, and there are two warring factions of an Argentinian ant that migrates all over the world, and right here in California you might find on the right side of the road the enemy of the ant living on the left side of the road. If the ant from the right side goes to the left side, it will be torn apart by its enemy on the other side, but vice versa and the ant will be accepted as a sister ant.
"Ants control dirt like humans control earth, and they are also social creatures, so their social intelligence is now being used to develop artificial intelligence."
"Who wants to go ice skating at the Streets of Brentwood Shopping Mall?" Cindy asks.
"We do!" all of the children shouted in unison.
This was Zeddy's first time skating and he fell down immediately, saying, "If I can heely, I can skate," so he gets up and takes off like a pro.
The song, Bohemian Rhapsody, was playing, which allowed Zara to open a conversation with Zeddy. Grabbing his arm, she says, "This is my favorite skating song. It is by a band called, 'Queen.'"
"I like Queen's song, 'We will Rock You', better. It was written by their lead guitarist, Brian May. He used physics to make that cool boom! boom! clap sound, and 30 years later he earned his PdD in astrophysics and wrote a book called, 'Bang'," Zeddy explained.
"Bohemian Rhapsody was also on a Muppets TV show and in the Wayne's World movie."
"Sounds like, while you spent time watching TV, I've been busy reading. In fact, in the 'Bang' book, you can learn how important dust is to our existence."
"How's that?"
"We are made out of star dust."
"Really?"
"When stars or supernova die out and turn into dust that dust floats into earth's atmosphere and settles here just as the Bible says, 'from dust to dust'. It turns out the Bible was correct, as science proves. Brian Hall wasn't the first musician turned astronomer. There was a classical composer named Hershel, who, long before, accurately predicted that infrared could be used to see dust in outer space."
"How can a 6 year old know so much?"
"I'm almost 7!"
Giggling, Zara says, "Well, that explains it."
Approaching the rest of the group, Zeddy shakes off Zara, embarrassed that they looked like a couple, and darts ahead where his mom is waiting. She says, "Let's get some yogurt, and show your friends my boutique, Glamora, to see the exciting display of the new apparel."
Zeddy says, "I helped my mom invent a shirt that, once on you, asks, 'Are you comfortable?' and then the shirt adjusts if you say, 'too tight', loosening a little. We are filing a patent for this invention."
"Try on this dress," Zadie says to Cindy.
Cindy slips on the dress and says, "Too loose", so the dress hugs her tighter and CJ says, "Mom, you look so beautiful" as he runs to give her a big hug.
Zeddy asks, "Mom, can we try on voice controlled clothes, too?"
"OK, but they are too big."
Everyone was astonished when their selected clothes shrunk on their demand to their own sizes, and the clothes questioned back, "Good fit?"

~Chapter 6~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

On the way home from Glamora, Logan says, "Would anybody like to challenge my legendary Pokémon?"
Zeddy replies, "I present to you the fiery dragon breath of Archious!" as he pulls his prized hologram Pokémon out of his pocket and lights it up.
All of their mouths drop open as they behold a live 3D image of Archious, standing and moving on a small metal plate, making a zinging sound as flames fly from his mouth.
"Wow! How did you do that?" The children all ask in unison.
"My father taught me to make holograms using a lighting technique known as holography."
"I choose your water powers Regi," Logan says, as he shows off his favorite legendary.
Zipping out to show off his legendary, CJ shouts, "I fight with the super dragon powers of Rayquaza."
With all the excitement, both Zara and Samantha bring out their Geratinas, simultaneously showing off their legendaries’ ghostly dragon powers. Zara says, "Spook with your ghostly powers, Geratina" and Samantha adds, "I, too, with ghostly dragon spookiness."
Zadie, overhearing the engaging Pokémon battle, declares that Archious won against Regi and Geratina against Rayquaza.
The children had their own mysterious ways of determining the winners, which seemed arbitrary to grownups, while their parents' methods seemed archaic.
Another round of counteracting battles ensued, until the children grew tired of the games.
Zeddy says, "Mom, please turn the radio to FM channel 88.5 NPR. I heard a 10 year old girl named Miss Gray discovered a supernova and she will be interviewed at this time." The children listened with fascination and were amazed that she was the youngest person ever to discover such, ten years earlier.
"I have a great idea; Professor Zenith can help me create an artificial reality like his space travel, but instead, we’ll be battling Pokémon using each Pokémon as our avatars."
"What's an avatar?" Samantha asks.
Zara answers her question with this question, "Didn't you see the movie where that guy laid in a sun tanning like coffin and when he fell asleep he could live as a blue alien?"
"Exactly!" Zeddy says. "So we’ll put on 3D glasses and hook up to sensors which will make each Pokémon our personal avatar, enabling us to spit fire when we blow our breath out and move our Pokémon’s hands by moving our own, and sometimes move them with just a thought. Through our 3D glasses and earpieces we will see and hear each other as if we are those Pokémon in that virtual world."

~Chapter 7~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

That night, Zadie tells Zeddy, "We have to take a redeye flight to Jungle Island where your dad was spotted by GeoEye."
"That's juicy, mom. You mean Zictor got the alphabet soup spies to use my idea to engage GeoEye?"
"Sure enough, but your dad disappeared within seconds after one glimpse."
On the Jet Blue flight just at midnight, Zeddy turned on his iPad and explored four types of galaxies, where he reached level 15 in the game. He kept busy collecting rocks, tips, things and stuff which he used to improve his galaxy island. When he got bored, he began multi-tasking, using his newly-acquired cheat codes to capture Pokémon.
"Mom, don't tell my friends I can capture any Pokémon I like with these cheat codes."
"That doesn't sound like my son to cheat!"
"Mom, this is just a game; it isn't like cheating on a test at school."
"But doesn't that take the fun out of it?"
"For me, it puts the fun into it."
"How did you get those codes?"
"I hacked into the Pokémon web site using WIZARDHAX software."
"That is more than cheating; that is cyber breaking, entering and stealing information!"
"But mommy, nobody cares; kids hack stuff all the time."
"Don't sass me boy. Next thing you'll be hacking GeoEye, looking for your dad and then that alphabet soup of spooks will be at our door to take you away. Without you, the sun will no longer give me light, not even the moon will glow at night, and the stars will burn to ash, and I will be in utter darkness. Promise me you won't hack anything ever again!"
"Well, mother, I promise I will be a good boy and not get in trouble."
When Zeddy checked his email he read from Logan, "I got the best Pokémon in the world! Guess which one."
Zeddy replied, "What powers does it have?"
Says Logan, "It has dark powers, including fire, ice and electric."
Says Zeddy, "I'll trade you my Archious for that Darkria."
"No deal! What else can you offer?"
"Cheat codes!"
"No deal!"
Zeddy fell asleep waiting for an idea of what else to offer for that prized Darkria.
In the morning, Zeddy and his mom went for a swim in the Jungle Island resort swimming pool where Zeddy noticed a lizard crawling up a wall, so he tip-toed up to the lizard and pounced on it, catching it with both hands.
"I got you lizard! I name you Zizzard. Mom, look at this cool lizard."
The life guard and all the children by the pool come over to have a look, so the life guard says, "That is a rare, dark chameleon. It only changes to dark colors, not like the common ones that turn to light green that you see everywhere here in Florida."
All the kids wanted to hold it, so Zeddy reluctantly shared it, and while they were goggling over it, Zeddy opens his iPad and fires off an email to Logan that reads, "Hey kid, I just caught a rare, dark chameleon lizard over here on Jungle Island."
Logan wrote back, “Awesome kid, but they won’t let you take it on the airplane home."
Zeddy writes, "I can smuggle it on somehow."
Zeddy wasn't sure if he wanted to trade his dark chameleon for Darkria but, in case he did, he thought he would have the advantage if he could make Logan think it was Logan's idea to make the trade.
Meanwhile, the children playing with Zizzard offered Zeddy all of their various toys and one even offered a brand new one hundred dollar bill, so Zeddy says, "Anyone have a Darkria to trade?", but no one had such, so Zeddy began bragging to Logan via email, "I named my dark chameleon 'Zizzard' and when I put him on something black he turns black or brown he turns brown in the blink of an eye!"
Logan began to covet the rare lizard and wrote back, "Can you catch one for me?"
"I'll try but, being so rare, I doubt it will be possible."
"Will you sell it to me? If so, how much?"
"How much will you pay?"
"Well, I only have fifty saved up."
"I was just offered one hundred, but we could do some horse trading."
"You mean Pokémon trading?"
"Now you're talking my language."
"A dark lizard for a dark Pokémon sounds about right. It's a deal!" Logan writes in his last email.
Not to upset his mom, Zeddy searched the Internet for a free legal alternative to GeoEye and was surprised to find that with Google one can use 'GoGGles'.
Zeddy thought to himself, "How weird, "Google goggles."
He chose his Google goggle settings to start viewing, using the best picture he had of his dad on his iPad, right at the entrance gates to Jungle Island. He had Google Goggles scan the whole island, using that photo of his dad, until it alerted Zeddy that a match was found for a second at the area that displayed the paradise flying snakes, mildly venomous aerodynamic snakes found in parts of Asia.
"Mom! Quickly, follow me! I got a hit on daddy's location just now."
“Great, but I begged you not to hack into GeoEye!"
"I didn't mommy. I goggled using a new google application, a crude version of GeoEye, and it’s free."
As they approached the exhibit, Zeddy noticed, launching from the inside roof, a serpent flatten its body into an aerofoil-like shape, providing a little lift as it took off by jumping upward from the highest branch. Witnessing the tree snake’s trajectory, he could see it fall at a steep angle as it undulates from side to side with its head 25 degrees higher than its tail. Gaining speed it began to glide away to a lower branch 24 meters across.
Right where the snake landed, Zeddy also beheld a holographic image of his father, Zmack.
"Dad, where are you?"
"I'm on Zamira. Just like Zmally told you, but I can't get back through the portal, so I'm studying the aerodynamics of these sidewinding gliders, in order to make a snake-like robot I can use to glide through the portal and land outside of it."
"Why's that dad?"
"Did you ever see on Star Trek how Captain Kirk got beamed down from the transporter of his Star Ship Enterprise to a planet that he dematerialized from just to re-materialize on the planet below?"
"Yes!" Zeddy replied.
"Well, it’s like that, but I have to maneuver like one of these gliders outside the portal's magnetic field before I settle on earth, because Zamira's chief scientist engineered automatic reversal, so that the second I settle within the portal of earth's magnetic field I'm sent straight back to Zamira."
"Can I help, Dad?"
"Yes, son, please contact Dr. Jake Socha of Virgina Tech and ask him to share the flying snake research he did for America's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. Tell him you need it for a school report. It is hard for me to research it through this hologram and you can read the research to Zmally."
"Dad, Zmally keeps asking me for a secret passcode."
"5799 to the 7th power, but don't try to visit me here unless we can figure out how you and mom can both materialize here simultaneously, OK?"
"OK, dad, I love you and miss you."
"I love you, too, and miss you and mom very much. That’s the only reason I'm doing this air slithering research, so I can see you again in person."
"Should I tell mom?"
"Son, I got your favorite Dove dark chocolate with vanilla ice cream. Who were you talking to?"
"Just that exotic paradise snake over there on that branch."
"I don't think we'll find your father here, and we've got to catch our flight back now."
"Okay, mom, but I've got to take my lizard back to California."
"You will have to let it go since it will be too hard to get a permit to travel with an exotic, endangered pet."
Zeddy's eyes wells up with tears and says, "Mom, we can hide Zizzard in the luggage in a shoe box with holes in it."
"But he will die without pressurization."
"I can sneak him on board and just put him in my pocket."
"Not with those new body scanners. They will see it. Drop it, son, it’s against the law."
When they arrived at the body scanner, Zeddy slipped his dark chameleon out of his pocket and pretended to scratch his hair as he left Zizzard perched up there. The lizard immediately turned dark brown to match Zeddy's hair color.
The lady operating the body scanner says, "Nice hairdo", as she gave Zeddy a wink.
Zadie smiles, "Thank you,” thinking the nice lady was complementing her, not realizing she was letting the lizard sneak through security.

~Chapter 8~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

How to Catch a WIMP

As the Jet Blue banked left, Zeddy could see all of Miami from his window seat and noticed that cars from that vantage point looked like tiny ants.
Looking out the window over Zeddy's head, Zadie noticed the lizard holding tight on Zeddy's hair.
Zeddy looks up at his mom and says, "Why the frown?"
"You're lucky we're on this plane, otherwise I'd belt you right now for bringing that lizard here."
The lizard saw a fly buzzing that landed on the top back of the seat up front. Zizzard jumped from Zeddy's head and extended its long tongue. "Mom, could you see the fly stuck to the tip of Zizzard's tongue as it slowly retracted?"
"Yeah, that was really groovy."
"Mom, look at this scientific study in today's newspaper. It says that children that are spanked or physically disciplined suffer a loss of 5 points from their IQs. As you know, an IQ is an individual’s intelligence quotient. But I wonder if it is really possible to measure intelligence. Seems that would be like trying to measure infinity."
"Let me see that." Feeling a little guilty, Zadie says, “your IQ may be too high for your age."
Reading the next article, she learns that wearing high heels not only was causing her immediate pain, but that it will cause her feet permanent, long term suffering in years to come.
"Besides, Mommy, I got permission to bring Zizzard aboard!"
"How's that?"
"When you thought the body scanner lady was saying to you, 'nice hairdo' she gave me a wink, looking at my hair, not yours."
"That's another reason parents should talk things through with children before disciplining, because parents can jump to conclusions. It’s best to never lose one's temper."
Adding to that, Zadie, says, "Yes, and as your father taught us, 'always discipline out of love, never anger, but I was raised differently. Where did you learn to call me “Mummy”?"
I noticed that kids from England and Australia call their moms like that and it made me laugh thinking of the movie, Mummy. So I like to call you, mum, mummy, mom, mommy, mamma, mammy, mother dear."
In my whole life, I've never heard of a child as precocious as you. What are you watching on your IPad?"
"'Secret Millionaires Club', where the Wizard of Omaha, Warren Buffett, as a cartoon character, was teaching kids the fundamental retail business principle of “location, location, location”. In other words, don't put your lemonade stand in an alley."
"Mom, you won't believe it, but I just got an email from Dennis Meniacle, Junior. I wonder how he got my email address. He says, ‘Zeddy, my dad says you're a smart kid, but be careful not to let him think you're smarter than I am. Watch out or I'll teach you a lesson or two'."
Zadie says, "Good timing, look here in the newspaper. 'MouseMail traps kids' Cyberbullies'. I'm adding your email into our profile page. I'm setting it up on MouseMail.com's portal, so it can check your emails against a list of approved contacts and inappropriate words. I'm downloading their app to your iPad so that any questionable messages will be forwarded to me."
"No, mom! Let me handle this bully my own way. I shouldn't have told you." Zeddy writes back, "Is that anyway to start a friendship?"
Dennis retorts, "Who said I want to be your friend?"
Says Zeddy, "Friends are more fun than enemies. I'll teach you stuff that will make your dad proud of you."
"Oh, like what?"
"I can teach you about WIMPS."
"You mean wimps like you?"
"No, I mean, real bully wimps."
"Now I'm confused; how can wimps be bullies?"
"Kid, didn't you read the Adventures of Tom Sawyer, where something 'neat' was called 'bully', yet I'm not talking about mean mental or physical muscle flexing, I'm referring to 'weakly interacting massive particles'?"
"What the zoozoopets are those?"
"Those are what dark matter is, theoretically, made up of. 'Massive' just means 'mass' since they respond to gravity, but are really puny. 'Weakly interactive' means they rarely interact with matter. The assumption is that wimps are invisible because they are electromagnetically neutral."
"I thought anything truly invisible belonged to the spirit world, so if wimps are truly invisible how can they be discoverable?"
"I'm glad you asked that question because if that missing mass really exists and can never be detected by the physical senses, it may be that our universe is held together by Spirit, but physicists have a medium to catch a wimp in the act."
"Ha Ha, that sounds funny. I sure would like to catch one."
"You'll just need a tank full of 1.6 octillion xenon atoms and watch it for one year to catch only one or two."
"What the fudgesickles would I do with a wimp?"
"Not only would you make history if you caught the first wimp in the act, but you could square astronomical observations with the rule of Newtonian physics, which would solve Swiss Astronomer Zwicky's 1933 dilemma that he called dark matter, which is supposedly invisible and makes up 80% of the material universe."
Looking over Zeddy's shoulder Zadie asks, "I love the way you are befriending Dennis, but tell me how you know so much about catching wimps and what to do with them?"
"I read all about them in Dad's old January 2011 collection of Popular Science in an article entitled, 'Mining For Dark Matter - The race to solve one of the biggest mysteries of physics could end with what scientists find 4850 feet below the Black Hills of South Dakota.' It is quite fascinating involving muon, gamma rays, neutrons, xenon gas, electrons, liquid xenon, photomultiplier tubes, radon gas and hundreds of millions of dollars to catch only an itty bitty wimp to prove dark matter really exists. Ten such projects are doing this same experiment around the world."
"Wow, reminds me of Darth Vader when he said, 'Come to the dark side of the force'," Zadie says in a deep voice.
"That reminds me mom, there is also dark energy; the mysterious force that may be what is causing the universe to expand at an ever increasing rate. By the way mom, I'm trying not to put anymore frowns on your face, because when you are frown free you are the most beautiful mom in the whole wide world!"

~Chapter 9~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

In a small plastic bottle, Zeddy also snuck a firefly home.
He placed it in a larger glass jar, where he watched it glow in the dark, on his bedside table. Exhausted, he closed his eyes, just to rest them for a few moments, but when he reopened his eyes, he noticed the firefly was just an itty bitty dot that glowed brightly and hummed as it hovered in mid air.
"Hello" Zeddy asks, "What are you?"
Not really expecting an answer, the glowing dot hummed as it moved to the edge of the glass jar, "Z'm z zark zatter zire zly."
Zeddy pinched himself to see if he was dreaming. "How'd you get here, 'dark matter' fire fly?"
I flew through the portal as your father tried to magnetize back here from Zamira, and the firefly you caught is my parallel self."
"Wow", Zeddy says, "so you are what 'dark matter' scientists are desperately trying to catch?"
"That's right. On Zamira you can see dark matter."
Zeddy started thinking of showing off to his friends, especially Dennis, this exciting discovery on Monday, the first day back in school.
"What is your name?" asks Zeddy.
"Zenon".
"So, on Zamira, is the air filled with visible dark matter in the form of zillions of fireflies, like you?"
"Yes, and we also have zugs, zleas, zees, zhats, zipzies, zidders, zazitoes, zutterflies and zoonoses."
"So, the night air must glow very beautifully?"
"Yes, and the day atmosphere also glows, but not so brightly, and we all hum together in harmony."
"How could I breathe on Zamira with so many 'dark matter' bugs flying around?"
"Let me out, and you can breathe me in and out of your lungs without harm."
Zeddy thought that sounded dangerous, so he decided to keep his new pet where it couldn't escape. Zeddy says, "I still don't understand why the night sky here is dark."
"It might have something to do with the fractals and complex-numbers planes, which includes imaginary numbers", says Zenon.
"My brother, Zaymack, who is a mathematical whiz, told me an imaginary number is a multiple of the square root of minus one. One is used as a symbol for what multiplied by itself equals minus one."
"Yes, and sometimes z shoots off to infinity."
"How does that work" asks Zeddy.
"z starts as any number you like, and changes with each calculation, the value of Zn+1 being used as Zn the next time around. Sometimes the value of z remains finite, no matter how large n gets."
"Oh, I recall now, my brother told me that a collection of dots in the complex-number plane has a formula Zn+1 = Zn (to the second power) + c for calculating these numbers where c is a complex number and n (representing the digits 1 to infinity) counts the number of times the calculation has been performed."
Zenon responds, "When z shoots off into infinity, c is not a part of the dots in a complex-numbers plane. The squiggly fractal line creates a colorful boundary distinguishing earth from the world of z."
As Zeddy closes his eyes to contemplate these formulas and their significance he began to dream about visiting Zamira, where he met Zmally in that dream.
Zmally says, "Let's play Zloat."
"How?" asks Zeddy.
"Whoever catches the most zutterflies in an hour wins. Here is a bag to fill full of zutterflies."
So they set off catching zutterflies with what looked to Zeddy like a butterfly net, but after Zeddy caught too many zutterflies, his bag of glowing, humming zutterflies began to carry him up into the air like a hot air balloon, so he cries to Zmally, "What should I do?"
Zmally says, "You won this game. Keep floating in the air until the zutterflies get tired; then you will float back to the ground and I'll be waiting for you."

~Chapter 10~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

“Time for school,” Zadie says, as she opens the curtains, and the light shines brightly, awakening Zeddy.
Zeddy looks at Zenon but can barely see him in the light, so he takes the glass jar into his closet, shuts out the light and then says, “Zenon, I’m so glad I can see you glow in the dark.”
Zenon hums, “Zood Zirning Zeddy, zill soo sake ze zo zhool zoday? (Will you take me to school, today?)
Say Zeddy, “Zes zeye zill.”
Zeddy puts Zenon’s glass jar in his lunch box and his mom gives Zeddy a big hug and kiss and says, “Have a wonderful day back in school.”
As Zeddy walks to his desk, Zara hands him a folded piece of paper. At his desk he opens it and reads:
“Zeddy’s better than star dust
“To him I will be wed
“He rhapsodies my heart
“What more needs to be said.
So Zeddy turns over the paper, writes and hands it back to Zara:
“Zara to fara
“Zed has no such plans
“We’re not yet seven
“What more needs be said?”
Zara gave Zeddy a sad look, yet she was impressed at how fast he poetically wrote back and was relieved that he didn’t say he hated her, as a typical boy of 6 may have done.
“Attention students. As you should know, my name is Dennis Meniacle and I am your new principal. You shall call me ‘Principal.’
This will be the first year that all schools will use international education standards.”
“In this first grade, you should know my son, Dennis Junior, is the student sitting right here in the front row. He will be my eyes and ears, so don’t think you will get away with any naughty behavior. I will be your math and science teacher. Any questions?”
Zeddy asks, “Can we study dark matter, dark energy, anti-matter and black holes?”
“No,” says the Principal, “That is not in our curriculum.”
“What about fractals?”
“No! No! No!” shouts Meniacle.
“I would like to learn about fractals,” Zara shouts out.
“Any other troublemakers in this class?” asks the Principal.
All of the students remained quiet as Zeddy gave Zara a thumbs’ up.
Dennis Junior whispered to Zeddy, “I warned you not to try to look smarter than I am.”
Zeddy whispered back, “You should have backed me up.”
Whispered Dennis, “I told you that I would teach you a lesson!”
Whispered Zeddy, “Don’t be a chin boongi.”
Whispers Dennis, “What is a boongi?”
Whispers Zeddy, “Ill tell you at lunch, if you chill out.”
Meniacle says, “Dennis Junior and Zeddy follow me to my office.”
In the office, Principal Meniacle fiercely looks at the boys and asks, “What were you whispering about?”
Junior blurts out, “He called me a boongi chin.”
“A what?”
“That’s what I asked.”
Says Zeddy, “I learned that term when I was at the Florida Jungle Island from some Kids from Little Haiti. That’s what you say to a kid who’s being unfriendly. I think it’s from the Creole slang.”
“There will be no name calling in this school. Is that clear?”
Junior says, “I want you to put Zeddy in detention for calling me a ‘boongi chin’”.
“Wait”, says Zeddy, “ I didn’t call you a ‘chin boongi’, I just asked you, quote unquote, “Don’t be a chin boongi.”
“Well, well,” says Principal Meniacle, Zeddy is technically correct, and a very clever boy, to boot, by putting it that way.”
Junior was furious and says, “But Dad, you have to punish him.”
Meniacle frowns at Zeddy and asks, “Can’t you just be quiet like the other boys? No one likes a smart alec.
“As for you, Junior, what did you say to make Zeddy ask you not to be a ‘chin boongi?’”
“I called him a smart alec for wanting to learn stuff kids don’t learn so young.”
Zeddy held his tongue and refrained from calling junior a liar.
The Principal says, “OK boys, shake hands and let bygones be bygones.”
Zeddy put out his hand and Junior reluctantly grabbed it and gave Zeddy a defiant look.
During lunch Zeddy says to Junior, “Check out my dark matter pet.”
Junior looks but can’t see anything. “Go in the closet, shut the door and you will see it glow in the dark room, but don’t let him out.”
Junior shuts the door and in the dark was awed to see the glowing, humming dark matter pet, yet couldn’t resist opening the jar.
Zenon flew out and buzzed right to Junior’s nose. Swinging his hand in front of his nose to catch the dark matter pet, Junior quickly grabbed the tiny pet.
Says Zeddy, “Do you see it?”
“Yes”, shouts Junior, so Zeddy opens the door and notices the jar opened and cries, “Where is Zenon?
“In my hand.”
“I asked you not to open the jar.”
“Too late now.”
“Put him back in the jar.”
“If you don’t let me keep him, I will tell my dad.”
“You can’t keep him.”
Fine, then I will eat it.”
“No!” cries Zeddy as Junior cupped his hand over his mouth to try and swallow Zenon, but instead, Zenon flew down his wind pipe into his lungs which made Junior giggle, then break out laughing.
Demands Zeddy, “Stop shilly-shalling and open your mouth!”
But Junior controls his laughter enough to keep his mouth shut for a minute until Zenon flies out of his nose and flew to Zeddy’s ear, hovering there, humming to Zeddy, “Zou Zon’t Zaz zo zeep ze zin zhat zar.”
Zeddy pretending that Junior really ate Zenon, says, “Told you not to be a ‘chin boongi’, and you prove that you are one by eating my pet.”
“I didn’t really eat him, I felt him fly out of my nose.”
“Well, that is just as bad, since he got away. Now you really owe me.”
“I don’t owe you anything.”
All the kids observing this strange event concluded that Dennis Junior was a bully boy and did owe Zeddy for swallowing his pet.

~Chapter 11~

The Secret Adventures of Zeddy continue as he relates his dream

Now it came to pass when Zeddy awoke from a daydream and found himself back in school that the boys became very agitated with him.
The dream was about dark matter butterflies floating him up in the air with those cool butterfly nets.
In the night vision, he saw the most glorious dark matter bugs in the Zamiran world. Butterflies and all types of flying insects filled the sky of Zamira, and were nothing like those on earth. Some of the butterflies were the size of giant birds, like eagles, and their patterns were so colorful and glowed in the most unusual colors ever seen.
The air smelled so lovely like the scent of his mother’s African Gardenia.
You would think that this must be what the Garden of Eden was like when Adam and Eve walked around and picked flowers and everything was so lovely and gorgeous.
Still transfixed by that dream, he found himself dazed and confused in his earthly world that now seemed so mundane.
The girl sitting next to him, said, “Wake up! Why are you in such a daydream?”
So Zeddy woke up from his daydream and realized that his dark matter bug was trying to get out of the small jar in his pocket.
“Quiet,” Zeddy says to his special bug, “You better stay in there, otherwise that bully boy will be stealing you from me. You don’t want that, do you?”
The bully boy, Dennis Junior, overheard him say that, and asked, “Is that what I thought I heard you say, but I thought you said the other day that you lost your dark matter bug?”
Principal Meniacle, Dennis’ father, overheard that comment and said, “What are you boys up to now?”
“Nothing” says Dennis Junior, “We were just wondering what the homework is today.”
“Today we are going to study how to round up to the nearest hundredth. For example: Ninety-nine rounded up to the nearest hundredth is one hundred.”
“Principal Meniacle, please come up with something less basic than that, I mean, we are six years old and we’re no longer in the first grade. We’re in the second grade. Please, I figured you were a better principal than that. For example, we are ready to learn about regrouping, for example, write, fifteen plus seven with a plus sign inside a box and then put twenty-two on the bottom as the end product. That is still quite elementary to me, my dear Principal, but at least we are learning ‘regrouping’.
“You may know how to round up, Mr Zeddy, but that doesn't mean the other students know that, too.”
“Let's ask them. Oh, students, do you know how to round up to closest hundred?”
All the students said, “Sure we do.”
Principal Meniacle growled, “We will learn regrouping next year and stick to the international curriculum. Like it or not!
During lunch, Dennis Junior noticed the top of the small jar protruding out of Zeddy’s pocket, so he grabbed it and ran and hid himself in the same closet where he swallowed the dark matter bug. He watched it glow in the dark and decided to see if he could take it out and keep it in his little match box. He unscrewed the jar and carefully covered his hand over it so that the bug couldn’t escape, then waiting for it to land on his hand, he finally cupped it and put it in the match box. Exiting the room, Zeddy approached and demanded back the jar.
“Sure you can have your jar back” laughed Dennis Junior.
“What did you do with my dark matter pet?” asked Zeddy
“I let it go” says Dennis Junior.
“Stop shilly-shallying around you naughty bully, where is he?”
“Look in the closet, he must be hiding in there.”
After a careful examination, Zeddy realized that Dennis Junior must have let his dark matter pet go and that he would never find it again.
“That’s it!” shouts Zeddy, “You are in big trouble now.”
“Oh yeah, what are you going to do about it?”
“You’ll see. Have you ever heard of something called, ‘karma’?”
“I’m not afraid of karma. Only sissies worry about that.”
“Well, it might take some time, but you will learn sooner or later. For one thing, none of the kids here will ever trust you or like you, unless you repent and change your ways.”
“My dad’s the principal so I don’t have to worry about anything. What do I need friends for, anyway?”
“You must be lonely without any friends.”
“I have all my toys and games to keep me company.”
Zeddy went back to his chair in class and pouted with a gloomy look on his face. He asked himself, “What should I do now?”
Zara approaches and says, “I’m so sorry, Zeddy, for what that bully did. Don’t worry, you will catch another pet.”
“How?” cries Zeddy, “That is the rarest pet in the world, and irreplaceable.”
“Kind of like you, Zeddy. You are also irreplaceable, but I bet you will find another extraordinary pet someday.”
“You don’t understand! It is impossible.”
“Explain it to me, then.”
Zeddy thought about letting Zara into his secret world, but decided that he’d better keep it to himself. He says, “Maybe one day I’ll explain it to you, just let me sit here and lament alone for now.”
“That’s where my dream ends, mom.”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Who is The Holy Ghost Writer?

The mystery of the identity of the author is part of an international contest. The first person to discover the identity of the HG Writer, from the clues found in the Count of Monte Cristo sequels, will receive a reward of $1000. Submit the correct answer to prize@sultanofmontecristo.com in order to win this reward, along with letting us know the clues that led you to discovering the identity of the author. Should the winner wish his/her identity to be known in the press, he/she may request same. Those that already know the author or have worked with him/her will not qualify. Good luck.
