The Jungle Book in 'Easy English'

'Easy English' books by David and Kevin McKay use words from the 900-word list in the Easy English Word Book . This book has a picture for each word in the list. The pictures help you to understand the words.

Any word in Jungle Book that is not in the Easy English word list, is in another list at the back of this book. Most of these new words have pictures to help you understand them better too.

Jungle Book in Easy English uses 700 different words. Each 'Easy English' book has a number on the cover to say how many words you must know to read that book.  

Look for the name "McKay" on Easy English books to know if they are true 'Easy English' books. These books are all easy for new readers or for people who are learning English as a second language.


About the Book and Its Writer

Rudyard Kipling was born in India in 1865. When he was five years old he travelled to Britain to study, returning to India in 1882.

He worked writing for a newspaper in Mumbai from the time he was 18, but he did not write many long stories when he was in India.

He liked to walk the streets in the middle of the night, after finishing his work at the newspaper. On his walks he was able to meet interesting people and learn more about how the Indian people think. He remembered the way people said things and often the people he talked with could see themselves in people from his stories.

In 1889 he returned to Britain. He married there in 1892. Two years later he finished Jungle Book , and a year after that he finished Jungle Book Two . He wrote many other books, but these are believed to be the best of all his writings.


Now the falcon brings out the night,
that Mang the bat put loose.
The cows are closed in fence and house,
for we are on the loose.
This is the hour to show your strength –
with claw and wing and tooth.
Listen to the jungle shout –
"Good catching you that follow Truth!"

--Night Song in the Jungle

Early on a warm night in the Seeonee Hills, Father Wolf was ending his sleep for the day. He rubbed himself, breathed the air deep into his lungs, and pushed his feet out one after the other to force the tired feeling out of them.

Mother Wolf was resting her big grey nose on her four laughing babies, and moon light was coming through the opening in the hole where they all lived. "It is time to catch food again," said Father Wolf. He was going to go out and run down the hill when an animal with a big soft tail stopped the light from coming into their house by standing in front of their door.

The animal said, with a crying sound, "Catch much food, good leader of the wolves. Good times and strong white teeth go with your good children, that they will always remember us who do not have food." It was the wild dog Tabaqui, the Dish-Cleaner.

Wolves in India hate Tabaqui, because he runs around making problems. He tells stories about other animals, and he eats things that people throw away.

The wolves of India are afraid of him too, because Tabaqui, more than any other animal in the Jungle, is able to get the sickness that makes an animal crazy. When he is crazy, he is not afraid of any animal. He runs through the trees, biting all in his way. The tiger too runs and hides if a wild dog goes crazy. It is the worst sickness that any animal can have.

"Come in and look if you like," said Father Wolf, "but you will find no food here."

"For a wolf, no," said Tabaqui, "but for a poor animal like me, a dry bone is very good. Who are we, the Wild Dogs, to choose?" Running quickly to the back of the hole, he jumped on a bone with some meat on it. He started to eat it happily.

"It is good enough for me," he said, cleaning his lips with his tongue. "How beautiful are your children! Their eyes are very big for children. But I remember now: The children of kings are adults from the start."

Tabaqui knows you should not say things like this about children when they are listening. He smiled at seeing Mother and Father Wolf give him an angry look.

Tabaqui was happy to make things difficult for them. After a short time, Tabaqui tried to hurt them more by saying, "Shere Khan, the Big One, is changing the place where he catches animals. He will work in these hills for a month. That is what he said to me."

Shere Khan the Tiger lives near the Wanga River. "He cannot do that!" Father Wolf said angrily.

"By the Jungle Rules, he cannot change where he lives without telling others first. He will make all the deer afraid in this place, and I... I need to kill for two now!" 

"His mother did not give him the name Crippled One without a reason," said Mother Wolf quietly. Shere Khan was crippled in one foot from his birth. That is the reason he kills cows.

"People living near the Wanga are angry at him," said Mother. "Now our People will be angry with him too. They will come looking for him, and our children will be forced to run when People put fire to the grass.

Shere Khan will be the reason for our problems." "Do you want me to tell him how happy you are?" asked Tabaqui.

"Out!" shouted Father Wolf. "Go and kill with your leader. You have made enough problems for one night." "I will go," said Tabaqui quietly. "You do not need me to tell you about Shere Khan, because you can hear him below you in the bushes now."

Father Wolf listened, and below, at the bottom of the hill, he was able to hear the dry, angry, sing-song cry of a tiger who has no food, and who is not worried about the whole Jungle knowing of his sadness.

"That stupid tiger!" said Father Wolf. "To start the night's work with that noise! Does he think our deer are like his fat river cows?"

"Listen! It is not cows or deer that he is looking for this night," said Mother Wolf. "It is People."

The tiger's cry had changed to a soft noise like the sound from a motor, coming from all directions. It is the noise that makes people who cut timber, or who sleep without a house, afraid. And their fear leads them to run... often into the wide open mouth of the tiger. "People!" said Father Wolf, showing all his white teeth. Are there not enough insects and frogs, that he must eat People? And on our ground too!"

The Rules say that no animal can eat People.

Between themselves, the animals say that the reason for this rule is that People are the weakest of all animals. They say too – and I think this part is true – that man-eaters lose their hair and their teeth.

But the real reason for the rule is that, if you kill people, they will come on elephants, with guns. They will bring hundreds of others with fires and loud noises. When this happens, it hurts all animals in the Jungle. The noise from Shere Khan was growing louder, and it ended with the shout of a tiger as it jumps to kill. But after this, Shere Khan made a loud cry... not like the cry a tiger should make after killing.

"He did not catch the animal he was after," said Mother Wolf. "What is wrong?"

Father Wolf moved a few steps out of the hole, far enough to hear Shere Khan talking angrily to himself and falling about in the low bushes.

"That foolish tiger has no brains!" he said, returning to the opening. "He jumped at the fire of one who cuts timber, and he has burned his feet. Tabaqui is down there with him now."

"What do I hear coming up the hill?" asked Mother. The bushes moved, and Father jumped. But he did the most interesting thing. After he was in the air, he was able to see the thing that he was jumping at, and he wanted to stop his jump. By changing his movement in the air, he was able to return to the ground from where he started his jump.

"A person!" he said quickly. "A man-child. Look!" 

In front of him a brown baby was standing, holding a low branch. He was about one year old... the softest and most beautiful thing to come to a wolf's hole at night. He looked up into Father Wolf's face and laughed.

"Is that the child of a person?" Mother Wolf asked. "This is my first time to see one. Bring it here."

A wolf that knows how to move its babies can, if it needs to, carry an egg in its mouth without breaking it. Father Wolf's mouth closed on the back of the child, but not a tooth cut the skin as he carried it into the hole and put it down with the baby wolves.

"How little! How smooth, with no hair! And how confident!" said Mother Wolf softly.

The baby pushed its way between the baby wolves to get near to the warm skin of the mother. "Look, he is eating with the others! And this is the child of a person! Did any wolf before me have a man-child for one of her children?"

"There is talk of it happening in the past, but not in our Group, or in my time," said Father Wolf. "He has no hair at all. I can kill him with one hit from my foot. But see, he looks up and is not afraid."

Light from the moon stopped coming through the door to the hole, because the big head and shoulders of Shere Khan was in the opening. Tabaqui was talking behind him: "My leader, my leader," he said. "It is in there, I tell you! It is in there!"

"A very important animal is at the door of our house," said Father Wolf. But his eyes were full of anger when he said it. "What does Shere Khan want from us?"

"The child of a person was coming this way. Its parents have run away, and now I want the baby. Give it to me!"



"Its parents have run away, and now I want the baby. Give it to me!"

Shere Khan was angry about the pain in his feet from the fire. But the opening of the hole was too narrow for him to come in, and Father Wolf was able to see this. "We wolves obey the leader of our Group," said Father Wolf. "But we do not follow one with stripes, who kills cows. The child is ours – to kill as we choose."

"How can you talk of choosing? By the male cow that I killed, am I to stand with my nose in your dog's hole for what I own? It is I, Shere Khan, who talks!" The loud shout of the tiger filled the hole. Mother Wolf jumped forward, shaking her babies off as she moved. Her eyes were like two green moons in the dark, looking into the burning eyes of Shere Khan.

"And it is I, She Devil, who answers. The man-child is for me, Crippled One... for me!" she shouted. "He will not be killed. He will live to run and to catch food with the Group. And in the end, you who rob little babies with no hair – you frog eating, fish killing tiger – he will catch you! Now get away, or by the deer that I killed (for I eat no thin cows), you will return to your mother more crippled than when you were born! Now, go!"

Father Wolf looked on with surprise. He remembered the fight he had with five other wolves to win Mother Wolf. In those days, she was named She Devil. It was easy to see how she received her name.

At first, Shere Khan was thinking of fighting with Father Wolf, but he was not able to stand against Mother Wolf. She was in her hole – the best place for fighting – and it was clear that she was angry enough to die fighting the Crippled One this night.

He moved backward, out of the hole, making low, angry noises as he did. When he was out, he shouted: "Each dog talks big when in his own hole! But we will see what the Group says to this taking of man-babies. The baby is for me, and to my teeth he will come in the end, you soft-tailed robbers!"

Mother Wolf dropped down beside her babies, breathing heavily.

Father Wolf was serious when he said, "There is much truth in what Shere Khan says. We must show the baby to the Group. Will you keep him now, Mother?" 

"Keep him?" she said with much feeling. "He was coming to us with no hair, by night, with no others, and wanting food. But he was not afraid! Look, he is pushing one of my babies to one side to be near me now. And that crippled cruel tiger wants to kill him and run off to the Wanga River. The People will think we did it, and they will look through our holes to kill us. Keep him? You must know I will keep him!

"Stop moving, little smooth-skinned Frog. Mowgli – the Frog – that will be your name. The time will come when you will look for Shere Khan and kill him as he was wanting to do to you."

"But what will our Group say," asked Father Wolf. The Jungle Rules say that when wolf babies are old enough to stand on their feet and run, parents must bring them to the full moon meeting, where other wolves can look them over and know them. Up to the time when they kill their first male deer, no adult wolf of that Group can kill one of these young wolves.

If a wolf kills a young wolf from its own Group, the other wolves will punish it by killing it.

After the babies learned to run, Father Wolf was taking them and Mowgli and Mother Wolf to the full moon meeting at the Meeting Stones. The Meeting Stones are at the top of a hill covered with many big stones, where a hundred wolves can hide.

Akela, the big grey wolf, rested full length on his stone. By his strength, and by his smartness, Akela was the leader of the Group. Below him were 40 or more wolves of all shapes and sizes, from grey old wolves who were able to kill a male deer without help from the others, to young black three-year-olds who believed they were able to do the same.

For one year now, Akela had been the leader. When he was young, at two different times people tricked him into running into a wolf cage. They hit him many times with sticks and walked off, thinking he was dead. Because of this, he was very smart in the ways of people.

There was very little talking at the Meeting Stones. The babies jumped and played in the middle of the circle where their mothers and fathers were sitting. From time to time one of the old wolves walked over to have a closer look at a baby, and returned quietly to his stone. At times a mother pushed her baby far out into the moon light, to help the others remember to look at it.

Akela, from his stone, was saying, "You know the rules. You know the rules. Look well, wolves!"


"You know the rules. Look well, wolves!"

And the worried mothers were taking up the shout: "Look... look well, wolves!"

The hair on Mother Wolf's neck lifted. It was time for Father Wolf to push Mowgli the Frog into the middle. When he was in the middle, Mowgli started laughing and playing with some small stones that looked beautiful in the light from the moon.

Akela did not lift his head from his front feet, and he did not stop saying the same boring words: "Look well! Look well!"

A loud, angry shout exploded from behind the stones. It was Shere Khan: "I own the child. Give him to me. What do the Free Ones have to do with a man-child?"

Akela did not move his ears. All he said was, "Look well, wolves! We Free Ones do not need to obey any but our own leaders. Look well!"

But some wolves were angry, and a young three-year-old put Shere Khan's question back to Akela: "What do the Free Ones have to do with a man-child?"

The Jungle Rules say that, if wolves disagree about a baby being one of the Group, two or more from the Group, who are not the mother and father, must say that they will help to lead the young one. "Who will help to lead this child?" asked Akela.

"Of the Free Ones, who will be his friend?" No answer was coming, and Mother Wolf waited, thinking that in a short time she would be forced to die fighting, to protect her special child.


"I cannot say beautiful words, but I can say the truth."

After a time, the one other animal who can come to Group Meetings – Baloo, the sleepy brown bear who teaches wolf babies the Jungle Rules – was up on his back legs and making a low sound. (Old Baloo can come and go where he wants, because all he eats is nuts, roots, and sweet liquid made by bees, and he does not hurt other animals.)

"The man-child? The man-child?" he said. "I will say some things for the man-child. A man-child will not be a problem. I cannot say beautiful words, but I can say the truth. If you say he can run with the Group, I myself will teach him."

"We need one more," said Akela. "Baloo has talked, and he is our teacher for the young wolves. But what other animal will say something for the man-child?"

A dark shape dropped down into the circle. It was Bagheera, the Black Panther. All animals know Bagheera, and no animal wants to make him angry. He is as smart as Tabaqui, as confident as the wild buffalo, and as dangerous as a sore elephant. He talks with a smooth sound, as smooth as the sweet liquid dropping from a wild bee hive. And his skin is softer than the bottom of a duck.

"Akela, and you, the Free Ones," he said softly, "I know that I should not be in your meeting; but the Jungle Rules say that if animals disagree about a new baby, one can buy the life of that baby for a price. It is the Rule. And the Rules do not say who can or cannot pay that price. Am I right?"


"The rules say that… one can buy the life of that baby for a price."

"Good, good!" said the young wolves, who were always wanting food. "He is right! Listen to Bagheera. He can buy the child for a price. It is the Rules What will you give us, Bagheera?."

"I should not talk here; it is your meeting," said Bagheera. But I ask you to say that I can talk at this one meeting."

"Talk!" twenty wolves said at one time.

"I say that you will not show your strength if you kill a baby with no hair," said Bagheera. "If you want to kill him, he will be more interesting to kill when he is bigger and older.

"Baloo has agreed to teach him. To Baloo's words, I will add one male cow, a very fat one that I killed this same night. It is not far from where we are now.

"But before I tell you where the male cow is, you must first agree to receive the man-child into your Group as the Rules say. Is that too difficult?"

Many wolves started to talk at the same time: "The man child will not be a problem. He will die in the cold rains without help from us. He will burn in the sun. What problem can a smooth-skinned frog be to us? Yes, yes! He can run with the Group if that is what he wants. Now, where is the male cow, Bagheera? We will go and get it."

They all agreed to keep the man-child, and Bagheera showed them where the male cow was. After that, Akela returned to saying, "Look well. Look well, wolves!"

Mowgli showed no interest when the wolves moved closer to look at him. He was too interested in the smooth stones. After they looked, the wolves were running down the hill to eat the male cow, leaving Akela, Bagheera, Baloo, and Mowgli's brothers and sisters at the Meeting Stones. Shere Khan shouted in anger because the wolves did not give Mowgli to him.

"Make your noise now," said Bagheera, "be- cause the time will come when this one with no hair will make you cry for another reason, or I know nothing of People.

"It is good that this happened," said Akela. "People and their children are very smart. The man child can help us in the future, I think."

"Yes, he will be a help in time of need, because no wolf can lead the Group for all time," said Bagheera.

Akela said nothing. He was thinking of the time that comes to each leader of each Group, when his strength goes from him, and he becomes weaker and weaker. In the end, he is killed by the other wolves and a new leader comes up – to be killed when he too becomes weak.

"Take him away," he said to Father Wolf. "Teach him as you teach one of the Free Ones. He will be our friend."

That is how Mowgli joined the Seeonee Wolf Group, for the price of a male cow, and on Baloo's good word.

Now you must be happy to jump forward ten or eleven whole years, and think for yourself about the interesting life Mowgli had with the wolves in that time; because if I write about it all, it will be enough to fill many books.

Mowgli started growing up with the baby wolves who were his brothers and sisters, but they were adult wolves almost before he was a child. Father Wolf did a good job of teaching him how to work, and the reasons for things that happen in the Jungle.

Mowgli quickly learned to understand each sound in the grass, each movement of the warm night air, each song of the birds above his head, each sound of the bats' claws as they hang in the trees, and each noise of the little fish jumping in the water hole.

Mowgli was as smart in his work as any man working in a town is about his work.

When he was not learning, he was sitting in the sun, sleeping, eating, and sleeping again. He liked to swim in the water holes if he was dirty or if he was hot. And when Mowgli wanted the sweet liquid made by bees (Baloo showed him that the sweet liquid, and nuts and fruit are as good to eat as meat that is not cooked), he was able to go up in the trees to look for it.

Bagheera showed him how to do this. He rested on a branch, saying, "Come, Little Brother." At first Mowgli hugged the branch in fear, but after a time he was able to move through the branches almost as well as the grey monkey.
 
He rested on a branch, saying, "Come, little brother!"

Mowgli filled his place at the Meeting Stones too, when the Group was meeting. He listened to the others and learned from them. It was at the meetings where he learned that if he looked for long enough into the eyes of any wolf, the wolf would look down. He often did this at meetings, because he liked to see the wolves become shy and turn away from him. But he helped his brothers too. At times he pulled sharp seeds out of the feet of his friends, because wolves have many problems with these sharp seeds sticking in their feet and hair.

At night time, Mowgli liked to go down the hill to the farms, and look at people in their houses. People were very interesting animals. But Mowgli did not like people. He liked being a wolf.

One day Bagheera showed him a box with a dropping door, that was hiding in the bushes. He almost walked into it before Bagheera showed him that the box was a cage for catching animals.

More than any other thing that he did, Mowgli loved to go with Bagheera into the dark warm middle part of the Jungle, to sleep through the day and at night see how Bagheera did his killing. Bagheera was able to kill all the food that he needed.

And Mowgli killed too... but one animal he did not kill. When Mowgli was old enough to under- stand, he learned that he must not kill cows.

Bagheera said that he was able to become part of the Group at the price of a male cow's life, and because of that he must not take the life of any cow.

"All the Jungle is yours," said Bagheera, "and you can kill or eat anything that you are strong enough to take; but you must not kill or eat any cows, young or old. That is the Rule of the Jungle."

And Mowgli obeyed that rule well.

Mowgli was growing big and strong, as a boy must grow when he has nothing to think of but ways to find more things to eat.

One day Mother Wolf said to Mowgli that Shere Khan was a very dangerous animal, and Mowgli must not at any time go near him. She said that one day it would Mowgli's job to kill Shere Khan.

A young wolf will always remember a saying like that. But the truth is that Mowgli was a boy and not a wolf. Because of this, he did not listen seriously to what Mother Wolf was saying.

As Akela was growing older and weaker, the crippled tiger, Shere Khan, made friends with the young wolves of the Group. They followed him for pieces of food that he did not eat. Akela wanted to stop them from doing this, but he was not confident of his strength to force them if they did not obey.

Shere Khan said false things to the wolves. He said big strong wolves (as they were) should not be happy to have a dying wolf and a man-child lead them.

"They tell me," Shere Khan said, "that at meetings you are afraid to look in his eyes." The young wolves made angry noises, with the hair on their necks standing up when he said this.

Bagheera, who had eyes and ears in all places, learned about some of this, and one or two times he said to Mowgli that Shere Khan was trying to make problems for him and for Akela. He said that Shere Khan would try to kill Mowgli one day.

But foolish Mowgli laughed and answered, "I have the Group, and I have you. And Baloo, as lazy as he is, can give a hit or two for me if he wants. What do I have to be afraid of?"

On another warm day, when they were far into the trees, as the boy rested his head on Bagheera's beautiful black side, Bagheera said, "Little Brother, how many times have I said that Shere Khan hates you?"

"As many times as there are nuts on that tree," said Mowgli, who was not able to count. "What of it? I am sleepy, Bagheera, and Shere Khan is all long tail and loud talk."

"This is no time for sleeping," said Bagheera.  "Baloo knows it. I know it. The Group knows it. The foolish deer know it. And Tabaqui has said it too."

"Tabaqui is full of bad talk," said Mowgli. "He said that I am a smooth-skinned man-child and that I am not good enough to dig pig-nuts; but I stopped him. It was easy for me to catch him by the tail and hit him against a tree to teach him better ways to talk to me."

"You were foolish to do that," said Bagheera. "It is true that Tabaqui makes arguments; but this time he was telling you what you need to know, and you did not wait to hear what he was saying.


"Little Brother, how many times have I said that Shere Khan hates you?"

"Open your eyes, Little Brother. Shere Khan is too afraid to kill you in the Jungle, where others will come to help you. But remember, Akela is very old, and the day comes when he cannot kill his male deer. When that happens, he will be leader no more.

Many of the wolves that agreed to receive you into the group are growing old now too. The young wolves believe, as Shere Khan teaches them, that a man-child has no place with the Group. "In a short time you will be a man, and you must do the work of a man."

"Being a man should not stop me from running with my brothers," said Mowgli. "I was born in the Jungle. I obey the Rules of the Jungle. And there is no wolf in our Group from whose feet I have not pulled the sharp seeds. Is it not true that they are my brothers?"

Standing up to his full height, and half closing his eyes, Bagheera said sadly, "Little Brother, feel my throat." Mowgli put his strong brown hand on Bagheera's soft smooth throat. Where the big strong muscles were hiding under long smooth hair, was a place with no hair.

"There is no animal in the Jungle who knows that I, Bagheera, carry that mark. It is the mark of a belt around my neck. Little Brother, I was born with People! It was with people that my mother died – in the cages of the king. It is because of this that I agreed to give the price for you to join the Group. I know people. As a child, my life was behind bars, eating from a metal dish, in the houses of people.


"Being a man should not stop me from running with my brothers."

"But one night, in my heart I learned that I was Bagheera – the Panther – and that I am no person's toy. My place is in the Jungle. I was able to break the stupid lock on my cage with one strong kick, leaving me free to run away from that place.

"Because I learned the ways of people, I am smarter and more dangerous in the Jungle than Shere Khan. Is it not true?"

"True it is," said Mowgli. "All the animals are afraid of Bagheera – all but Mowgli."

"And you are not afraid because you are a man- child," said Bagheera with much love. "As I returned to my Jungle, you must return to People in the end – to the people who are your brothers – if you are not killed at the Meeting Stones first.

"I do not understand you, Bagheera," said Mowgli. "No wolf wants to kill me."

"Look at me," said Bagheera; and Mowgli looked at him. He looked deep into the big panther's eyes, with the confidence of a person. In a very short time, the big panther turned his head away.

"That is the reason," he said, moving his feet on the leaves. "I cannot look into your eyes. I was born with people, and I love you, Little Brother; but I cannot look into your eyes. The others, they hate you because their eyes too cannot meet yours... because you are smart... because you pulled the points from their feet... because you are a Person." "I did not know this," said Mowgli with a sad look in his eyes.

"Remember the Jungle Rule? It says actions are more important than words. They want to kill you, and you need a plan to stop them. You must be smarter than them. When Akela cannot kill his male deer – and at each killing it is more difficult for him – the Group will fight him and fight you. They will have a meeting, and what will you do when that happens?"

Bagheera stopped talking, to think for a time. "I have it!" he said as he jumped up. "Go quickly to the people's houses at the bottom of the hill, and take some of the Red Flower that they grow.

"When the time comes you can have a stronger friend than Baloo or me, or the ones from the Group who love you. You will have the Red Flower."

When Bagheera said Red Flower, he was talking about fire. No animal in the Jungle likes to give fire its true name. All animals have a strong fear of it, and they think of many different names to give it. "The Red Flower," asked Mowgli, "that grows by their houses at night? Is that all I need? I can easily get a thing like that ."

"Now I hear the Man in you talking," said Bagheera. He was proud of Mowgli. "Remember that it grows in little dishes. Get one quickly, and keep it near you for when you will need it."

"Good," said Mowgli. "I will go. But are you confident, my Bagheera..." He put his arm around the beautiful neck, and looked deep into the big eyes. "Are you confident that Shere Khan is the one who makes this all happen?"

"By the broken lock that made me free, I am confident, Little Brother."

"Because of that, by the male cow that was my price, I will pay Shere Khan well for this," said Mowgli. With this, Mowgli quickly turned to leave. "He is a Man. He is all Man," said Bagheera to himself, resting again. "Shere Khan, your wanting to kill this frog ten years in the past will be the end of you now."

Mowgli moved quickly through the trees. His heart was hot inside of him. Coming to the hole where he lived, he stopped to look down the hill toward the houses. His brother wolves were out, but Mother Wolf, at the back of the hole, was able to tell by his breathing that her Frog was worried.

"What is it, my son?" she asked.

"Some bat's foolish talk about Shere Khan," he answered. "I am going to look for food in the land that the people were digging this night," he said as he moved quickly down through the bushes to the water hole at the bottom of the hill. There he stopped, hearing the shouts of the Group running to catch an animal.

He was able to hear the sounds of the male deer that they were running after, and the loud breathing as the deer turned from wolves on the other side. There were cruel, angry shouts from the young wolves: "Akela! Akela! Show us your strength.

Move away for the leader of the Group. Now, jump, Akela, without us to help you!"


"Akela! Akela! Show us your strength! Jump Akela, without us to help you!"

Akela jumped, but he did not bite hard enough. As Mowgli listened he was able to hear the noise of teeth closing quickly together, and after that, a cry, as the deer pushed Akela over with its front foot.

The deer was running quickly now, and the shouts of the wolves were growing more and more quiet as it moved closer to the place where the people live.

"It is true what Bagheera was saying," Mowgli was thinking as he was hiding near the window of a house. "This is a very serious day for Akela and for me."

He pushed his face up near to the window and looked at the fire in the house. A woman was feeding it through the night with black shapes.

In the morning, when the white clouds were low and cold, a child filled a container with pieces of the red coals, put it under his coat, and walked out to feed the cows.

"Is that all it takes?" asked Mowgli. "If a child can carry it, there is nothing to be afraid of." He walked with confidence around the corner.

Meeting the boy, he pulled the container from the boy's hand. He was running off into the low clouds on the hill before the boy was able to cry for help.

"They are very like me," said Mowgli, breathing into the container the way the woman did. "This thing will die if I do not give it things to eat." And he dropped small sticks on the red coals.

As he was going up the hill Bagheera was coming down. Water from the clouds looked like moon stones on his black hair.

"Akela did not catch his deer last night," said the panther. "They wanted to kill him at the time, but they want you too. They looked for you at your hole on the hill."

"I was in the land of the People. I have what I need now. See!" Mowgli lifted up the fire container.

"Good! People push a dry branch in that, and after a time, the Red Flower grows at the end of it. Are you afraid?"

"No. I have no reason to be afraid. I remember now – if it was not a story in my sleep. I remember that before I was a wolf, I rested beside the Red Flower, and it made me feel warm."

All that day Mowgli studied the fire. Sitting in his hole in the hill, he pushed dry branches into the fire container, to feed it and to see how it looked.

That night, when Tabaqui was coming to say that Mowgli was wanted at the Meeting Stones, Mowgli laughed. He laughed and laughed, and Tabaqui turned to run away. Mowgli was laughing, too, when he walked into the meeting.

Akela was beside his stone now, showing there was no longer a leader for the Group. Shere Khan, with his following of lazy wolves, walked from side to side.

He wanted them all to see him, and some of the wolves were saying good things about him that were false. Bagheera was near Mowgli, and the fire container was on the ground between Mowgli's knees. When they were all together, Shere Khan started to talk – an action he had been afraid to do when Akela was strong.

"He should not be talking," Bagheera said quietly to Mowgli. "Say that. He is the son of a dog; he will be afraid."

Mowgli jumped to his feet. "Free Ones," he shouted, "does Shere Khan lead the Group? What has a tiger to do with our leading?"

"As there is no leader, and as I was asked to talk..." Shere Khan started to say.

"Who asked you?" asked Mowgli. "Are we all dogs, to stay around this cow-killing animal? The leading of the Group is for one from the Group, not for others."

There were shouts of "Be quiet you man-child!" Others said, "He can talk. He followed our Rules." But in the end, the old wolves of the Group shouted most loudly, saying, "The Dead Wolf can talk."

When the leader of a group does not catch his animal, he has the name Dead Wolf for the time that he lives, because it is not for long. Akela lifted his old head in a tired way.

"Free Ones, and you too, dogs of Shere Khan: For many years I was leading you to and from the kill, and in all that time not one of us was hurt or killed in a cage. Last night I was not able to kill my deer. You all know it was a cruel trick to force me to fight the male deer before it was tired. You know whose smart plan it was. The Rules are that you can kill me here on the Meeting Stone now. But you must come one at a time. I ask who comes to kill me first?"


"Does Shere Khan lead the Group? What has a tiger to do with our leading?"

It was quiet for a long time. No one wolf wanted to die fighting Akela.

Shere Khan shouted: "What do we want with this wolf with no teeth? We know he will die! But the man- child has lived for too long. He was my meat from the start. Give him to me. I am tired of this man-wolf foolishness. For ten years he was a problem to the Jungle. Give him to me, or I will stay and catch food in this place and not give you one bone. He is a person's child, and from deep in my bones, I hate him!"

More than half the Group shouted: "A person! A person! We do not need a person to be with us! Send him to his own place."

"And make the people of the town angry with us?" shouted Shere Khan. "No, give him to me. He is a person, and not one of us can look him in the eyes." Akela lifted his head again, "He eats our food. He sleeps with us. He runs after deer, forcing them to come to us for the kill. He obeys all the Jungle Rules."

"I was paying for his life," said Bagheera. "A male cow is not much, but my word is important. I will fight for it."

"One male cow, ten years in the past!" the Group shouted with anger. "What do we want with bones ten years old now?"

"You think an agreement is not important?" asked Bagheera, his white teeth showing. "Now I know how you have the name Free Ones! You have no rules!" "No person's child can run with the ones of the Jungle!" Shere Khan cried loudly. "Give him to me!"

"He is our brother in all but blood," Akela said.

"And you want to kill him here! In truth, I have lived too long. Some of you are eating cows, and I hear that others, under the leading of Shere Khan, go by night and take children from the steps near the door of their houses. Because of this, I know that you are not strong or confident, and that I am talking to weak brothers.

"Because I must die, and my life is not important now, I cannot give it in the place of the man-child's. But, because I believe the Group should be strong and proud – a thing you do not remember now that you have no leader – I will agree that, when my time comes to die, I will not bite at all, if you will send the man-child to his people, and not give him to Shere Khan. If I die without fighting, it will stop three or more of the Group from dying. I cannot do more to stop you from the cruel wrong of killing a brother who did do nothing wrong to you – a brother who joined our Group because one of us was giving his word, and because another was paying for him, in agreement with the Jungle Rules.

"He is a person! a person! a person!" the Group shouted with much hate. Most of the wolves moved to be near Shere Khan, whose tail was starting to move.

"Now the work is in your hands," said Bagheera to Mowgli. "All we can do now is to fight."

Standing to his feet, with the fire container in his hand, Mowgli moved his arms apart and breathed like he was very tired, to show all the wolves that he was sad and angry that, in the way of wolves, they had been hiding their hate before this night.

"Listen you!" he shouted. "There is no need for this tiger's foolish talking.

"You have said many times this night that I am a person. I wanted to be a wolf with you to my life's end, but now I believe your words are true. For this reason, I do not say that you are my brothers now. I say that you are dogs, as a person should say.

"What you are to do or not to do is not for you to say. It is for me to say, for I am a Person! That we can see more clearly the difference between you and me, I have a little of the Red Flower that you dogs are afraid of." Throwing the fire container on the ground, Mowgli started the dry grass burning. All of the other animals moved back in fear before the jumping fire.

Mowgli pushed his dead branch into the fire. When it was burning well, he moved it above his head in the middle of the circle of shaking wolves.

"You are the leader now," Bagheera said too quietly for the others to hear. "Stop Akela from being killed. He was always your friend."

Akela, the serious old wolf who had not asked others to be kind to him, looked sadly at Mowgli as the boy with long black hair hanging over his shoulders was standing in the light of the burning branch.

"I see you are dogs," said Mowgli, looking slowly around. "I will go to my own people now – if they are my people. The Jungle is closed to me. I will not remember you as my friends. But I will be kinder than you were to me. Because I was your brother, I will not encourage people to hurt you, as you have tried to hurt me."


"I see you are dogs," said Mowgli, looking slowly around.

He kicked the fire with his foot and small pieces of fire jumped up from it. "But one thing I must do before I go..."

He stepped forward with the burning branch in his hand, to where Shere Khan was sitting. Bagheera followed, to help if needed. Holding Shere Khan by the long hair under his mouth, Mowgli said, "Up, dog! Up, when a man talks, or I will make your hair burn!"

Shere Khan's ears were flat against his head, and he closed his eyes because the burning branch was very near.

"This cow-killing tiger said he was going to kill me in the Meeting because he did not kill me when I was a baby. Now I will show you how we punish dogs when we are people: Move a hair on your nose, Crippled One, and I will push this Red Flower down your throat."

Saying this, he hit Shere Khan over the head with the burning branch, and the tiger cried and shouted in pain and fear.

"Burned wild cat – go now! But remember when again I come to the Meeting Stones, as a person should come, it will be with the skin of Shere Khan on my head.

"And for the others, I say that Akela will go off to live as he chooses. You will not kill him, because that is not what I want. I do not think that you dogs should sit here now, hanging your tongues out and thinking you are important. Go!"

The fire was burning well at the end of the branch now. Mowgli moved it from side to side around the circle burning the hair of the wolves he was telling to leave. One by one they were running off in different directions, and crying on the way.

Akela, Bagheera, and ten wolves who liked Mowgli stayed after the others were leaving.

Mowgli started to feel a pain inside his chest. It was the first time in his life that a feeling like this had come over him. He cried, and water dropped from his eyes. "What is this feeling?" he asked. "I do not want to leave the Jungle, and my heart is filled with pain. Am I dying, Bagheera?"

"No, Little Brother. That is how People cry," Bagheera answered. "Now I know that you are a Man, and a child no more. The Jungle is closed to you now. Do not stop the water, Mowgli. It is from crying."

Mowgli cried as if his heart was going to break. It was the first time in his life that he had cried like this.

"Now," he said when he was finished, "I will go to live with the People. But first I must see my mother and tell her that I am leaving."

Going to the hole in the hill where she lived with Father Wolf, he cried on her side, at the same time that his four brothers cried with him.

"You will always remember me?" asked Mowgli. "Always, for as long as we can walk," answered the brothers.


"My heart is filled with pain. Am I dying, Bagheera?"

"Come to the bottom of the hill when you are a man, and we will talk to you; and we will come to the farm-lands to play with you at night," they said as he was leaving.

"Return quickly, smart little frog," said Father Wolf. "Return quickly, because we are old, your mother and I."

"Return quickly, little smooth-skinned son," said Mother Wolf, "because I loved you more than I loved my real children."

"I will come," said Mowgli, "and when I come it will be to put Shere Khan's skin on the Meeting Stones. Always remember me. Tell them in the Jungle to remember me."

The sun was coming up when Mowgli started down the hill by himself, to meet the interesting animals with the name 'People'.


QUESTIONS FOR PART 1

If you do not know an answer, you can find it on the page number at the end of the question. 

1. Tabaqui said things that sounded kind and humble, but they were not. Can you list some of them? (pages 6 and 7)

2. Shere Khan did not take the baby from Mother Wolf and Father Wolf when he was in their hole. What stopped him? (page 12)

3. What reason did Mother Wolf have for giving  the baby the name Mowgli? (page 13)

4. Shere Khan said the Group should give baby him. Mowgli to him, but Akela was not afraid. How did Akela show his confidence? (page 16)

5. What two animals agreed to help Mowgli as he was growing up? (page 18)

6. Who tried to turn the wolves against Mowgli? (page 25)

7. How had Bagheera learned about people? (page 28)

8. What reasons did Bagheera give for the other animals hating Mowgli? (page 30)

 9. What is the wolf name for fire? (page 31)

10. When Akela was forced to stop leading, the wolves needed a new leader. Who did most of the wolves want for their leader? (page 35)

11. Mowgli made the wolves and Shere Khan fear him. What did he use to do this? (page 40)

12. What did Mowgli do for the first time in his life after sending Shere Khan and the other wolves from the Meeting? (page 43)



2. Help From Kaa


 Its stripes are the happiness of the tiger;
 horns the buffalo loves to wear.
 Each is proud of its fighting,
 its strength, or its beautiful hair.
 If you find that the male deer cuts you,
 or that the buffalo is throwing,
 You need not stop work to tell us,
 ten years before we need knowing.
 Hurt not the child of another,
 but love it as Sister or Brother.
 True, it is proud and foolish;
 but it can be that the Bear is its mother.
 "There is no other like me," says the child –
 proud of its first big kill.
 But the Jungle is big and the child is small.
 It should sit and think if it will.

 --Teaching Song of Baloo

All that I tell you in this part of the story happened years before the other wolves in the Seeonee Wolf Group turned against Mowgli. It was in the days when Baloo had been teaching Mowgli the Jungle Rules.

The serious old brown bear had been very happy to have a smart student like Mowgli. Young wolves learn as much of the Jungle Rules as is about their group, and nothing more. They run away after they learn the Catching Song. 

This is how the Catching Song goes:

“Feet that make no noise, eyes that see in the dark,
Teeth that are sharp and white; ears that hear winds start:
All are the marks of our brothers; but Tabaqui is put apart.”

Mowgli, as a man-child, needed to learn much more than this. At times, Bagheera would come to see how his special friend was doing. He liked to listen to Mowgli tell all that he had learned that day.

The boy was able to go up trees almost as well as he was able to swim, and he was able to swim almost as well as he was able to run. Baloo, Teacher of the Rules, helped him to learn the Timber and Water Rules; how to know a weak branch from a strong one; how to talk to the wild bees when he finds a hive high up in the trees; what to say to Mang the Bat if he stops Mang's sleeping in the middle of the day; and how to tell the water snakes that he is coming before he jumps down on them in the water.

All wild animals hate others to come too near to them. They quickly try to hurt any who do. Mowgli learned the Catching Shout. You must shout it loudly when you move to a new ground to look for animals to kill. You say, "I need food. Can I kill here?" You say it again and again, and when another animal answers, "Kill for food, but not for entertainment," you can start.

You can see that Mowgli had much to learn, and he was growing tired of saying the same things again and again. One day Baloo and Bagheera were arguing after Baloo punished Mowgli, making him run away.

"A man-child is a man-child, and he must learn all the Jungle Rules," Baloo said.

"But think how small he is," argued the Black Panther, who was always wanting to be soft and easy with Mowgli. "How can his little head carry all your talk?"

"Nothing in the Jungle is too little to be killed," said Baloo. "And that is my reason for teaching him all of this. That too is my reason for hitting him, very softly, when he does not remember."

"Softly! What do you know about being soft, old Stone-Foot?" Bagheera asked. "His face is black and blue this day because of you – being soft!"

"It is better that he be black and blue from head to foot by one who loves him, than to be hurt because he does not know things," Baloo answered with deep feeling.

"I am teaching him the Special Words to say to birds, and snakes, and animals that run on four feet when he wants their help. He can now ask all in the Jungle to protect him... if he can remember the words. Is not a little hitting a small price to pay for learning this?"

"See that you do not kill him," said Bagheera. "He is not a tree to make your claws sharp on. And what are these Special Words? I give help more often than I ask for it," said Bagheera, proudly looking at his sharp claws, to hide his strong interest in learning Baloo's secrets, "but it is often good to know these things." "I will ask Mowgli to come, and he can say them," said Baloo, "... if he wants. Come here, Little Brother!"

"My head sounds like a bee tree," said a little boy's voice from a branch above them. Mowgli dropped down the side of the tree, adding as he touched the ground, "I am here for Bagheera, not for you, fat old Baloo!"

"That is no problem to me," said Baloo. But he was hurt and sad. "Tell Bagheera the Special Words that I was teaching you before."

"Special Words for what animals?" asked Mowgli, happy to show how smart he was. "The Jungle has many languages, and I know them all!"

"You know a little, but not much," said Baloo. "See, Bagheera: They do not tell their teacher that they are happy about learning. Not one wolf has returned to tell Baloo that it was happy because of my teaching.

"Say the words for the Catching Animals, Smart Student!" said Baloo.

"We be of one blood, you and I," said Mowgli, using the bear sounds that all the Catching Animals use.

"Good. Now for the birds."

Mowgli said the same words again, but this time with the sound of a falcon at the end of it.


"I am coming for Bagheera and not for you, fat old Baloo!"

"Now for the snakes," said Bagheera.

The answer was a perfect snake sound, and Mowgli, who was very proud of himself, kicked up his feet behind him, hit his hands together, and jumped on Bagheera's back. Sitting there, he made sounds like a drum by hitting his feet against Bagheera's side; and he made bad faces at Baloo.

"Now, now! It was not too bad to receive a hit to learn that ," said the Brown Bear with love. "Some day you will remember me."

After this, he turned to tell Bagheera how he asked Hathi the Wild Elephant, again and again, for the Special Words. Hathi knows about all things like this.

Baloo talked to Bagheera about Hathi taking Mowgli down to the water hole to get the Snake Word from a water snake, because Baloo was not able to say it well himself.

And he talked about how Mowgli was protected from problems in the Jungle now, because snakes, birds, or running animals will not hurt one who uses the Special Words.

"Now he does not need to be afraid of any animal," Baloo said, as he rubbed his big stomach proudly. "He need not be afraid of any animal but the ones in his own Group," Bagheera said quietly, thinking about how the other wolves hated Mowgli.

After saying this, Bagheera shouted to Mowgli, "Do not hurt my ribs, Little Brother! What is all this dancing up and down on my back?"


"Now he does not need to be afraid of any animal."

Mowgli was trying to make them listen, by pulling at Bagheera's hair, and by kicking his ribs.

"With all of this learning, I will have a group of my own one day," said Mowgli proudly, "and I will lead them through the branches all day."

"What is this new foolishness, little boy who is full of stories?" asked Bagheera.

"I will throw branches and dirt at old Baloo. They agreed that I can do this."

Baloo's big hand pushed Mowgli off Bagheera's back. Flat on the ground, between the big front feet of Bagheera, he was able to see that the Bear was angry. "Mowgli!" shouted Baloo, "You were talking with the Monkey People!"

Mowgli looked at Bagheera to see if the Panther was angry too, and Bagheera's eyes were as hard as stone.

"The Monkey People have no Rules. They eat anything. That is very bad," he said.

"When Baloo hurt my head, the monkeys were up in the trees and feeling sad for me," said Mowgli. "No other animals loved me like the monkeys."

"Monkeys feeling sad for you?" said Baloo angrily. "It is like a mountain river that does not move... or a sun that is not hot. What happened after they started feeling sad for you, man-child?"

"They were giving me nuts and other good things to eat. They... they carried me to the top of the trees and said I was their blood brother without a tail. They said I could be their leader."


"Mowgli!" shouted Baloo. "You were talking with the Monkey People!"

"They have no leader," said Bagheera. "They tell false stories. They always tell false stories."   

"They were kind. They asked me to come again. What reason did you have for not taking me to the Monkey People, Baloo? They stand on their feet as I do. They do not hit me with hard feet like you do. They play all day. Can I get up? I want to stand up now." 

"Listen, man-child," said the Bear, and his talking was as the loud noise of lightning. "You have learned the Rules for all the animals of the Jungle – that is, all animals but the Monkey People, who live in the trees. And that is because they have no Rules. They are bad. They look down on others, and wait above in the branches. Their way is not the way of other Jungle animals. They are without leaders. And they do not remember. They say they are special animals, planning special jobs; but a falling nut will make them laugh and they will not remember what they had planned to do. 

"We of the Jungle do not do things with them. We do not drink where the Monkeys drink; we do not go where the Monkeys go; we do not kill where they kill; we do not die where they die. 

Mowgli, did you at any time hear me talk of the Monkey People before this day? "No," said Mowgli quietly, because all was quiet in the trees now that Baloo had finished shouting.   "The Jungle animals do not talk of monkeys and we do not think of them. They are bad and dirty, and they want others to show an interest in them. But we do not look at them. When they throw nuts and dung on our heads, we do not look." 

Almost before he finished, nuts and sticks were coming down on them from above. High in the branches, the bear, panther and boy were able to hear noises.

"We Jungle animals must not talk to the Monkey People," said Baloo. "Remember that!" "That is true," said Bagheera, "but I think Baloo was wrong in not teaching you about them before this."

"I – I? But how was I to know that he was going to play with the dirty people?"

A new rain of nuts dropped down on their heads, and the two leaders moved away, taking Mowgli with them.

What Baloo was saying about monkeys is very true. Their place is in the tops of trees. Because most animals do not often look up, there is no need for the monkeys and the other Jungle animals to meet.

When the monkeys find a sick wolf, or a sore tiger or bear, the monkeys will hurt it. They throw sticks and nuts at any animal for entertainment, and to force the animals to show an interest in them. They shout and sing foolish songs, and ask the Jungle animals to come up their trees to fight. When the animals do not come, the monkeys fight with each other, and leave dead monkeys for the other Jungle animals to see.

Often they say they will have a leader and rules and ways of their own. But they do not do it, because they are not able to remember things from day to day. They often say, "What the Monkey People think now, the other animals will think in the future." Saying this makes them feel they are smarter than the other animals.

The monkeys were happy when Mowgli played with them. They were happy, too, to hear how angry Baloo was. One of them had a plan. He said that Mowgli was very smart and they needed him in their group. He was able to bend sticks together to make walls to protect himself from the wind.

"If we catch him," he said, "we can force him to teach us." Mowgli was the child of a man who cut timber.

Because of this, he often made little houses from sticks without knowing how he had learned to do this. The Monkey People had been able to see this from the trees. "This time," they said, "we will have a leader. We are the smartest animals in the Jungle. The others will be angry because they are not as smart as us." They followed Baloo, Bagheera, and Mowgli, waiting for them to sleep.

Mowgli did not tell Baloo and Bagheera, but before going to sleep, he had been thinking that Baloo was right. He must have nothing more to do with the Monkey People.

Mowgli was surprised to feel little, hard hands on his legs and arms. Before he was able to understand what was happening, branches were moving by his face. He looked down through the moving branches to see Baloo shouting loudly, and Bagheera running up a tree, showing his angry teeth at the Monkey People.

The Monkey People shouted, laughed, and moved to the high branches where heavy animals cannot go. "Look!" they shouted. "Bagheera knows we are here! He is interested in us. He will tell the others."


Mowgli was surprised to feel little hard hands on his legs and arms.

They started moving quickly through the trees. It is difficult to say with words how they travel. In the tops of the trees they have "roads" that they travel on, up hills and down hills without leaving the branches. Two of the strongest monkeys were holding Mowgli's arms and making very long jumps from tree to tree. They carried him to the top of one tree, and, with a shout, jumped from it to another tree below.

The height was making Mowgli feel sick; but he liked moving quickly through the Jungle. When he looked at the ground he was afraid, and the fast stop at the end of each jump over nothing but empty air made him feel like his heart was in his throat.

At times, he was able to see the top of the green Jungle, like a man on the top of a ship can see across the ocean. A short time later, after many branches had hit him in the face, he and the two monkeys holding him were almost down to the ground again. In this way – jumping and shouting and falling – the whole group of Monkey People moved on the tree-road with Mowgli as their prisoner.

Mowgli's fear quickly changed to anger; but it was too dangerous to fight. He started to think of a plan. He must send word to Baloo and Bagheera. The monkeys were moving too quickly for his friends to follow. Looking up, he was able to see, far away in the sky, Chil the Falcon, flying above the Jungle as he waited for animals to die.

Seeing the monkeys carrying an animal, Chil dropped down for a closer look.

He was surprised to see Mowgli being pulled to the top of a tree, and to hear him shout, "We be of one blood, you and I!" The branches closed over the boy, but Chil waited, and a short distance away, the little brown face was coming up again.

"Follow us," Mowgli shouted. "Tell Baloo of the Seeonee Group, and Bagheera of the Meeting Stones." "In whose name, brother?"

"Mowgli the Frog is the name they give me. Follow me-e-e!" He shouted the last words as he was falling through the air again. Chil had listened to talk of a man- child, but he was seeing him now for the first time. High in the sky, he followed the movements of the monkeys through the tree tops.

"They will not go far," he said with a laugh. "This time they are making many problems for themselves; Baloo is no baby, and Bagheera can, as I know, kill more than goats."

He moved softly on his wings, with his feet up under him.

When all of this was happening, Baloo and Bagheera were on the ground, feeling angry and sad. Bagheera had run too far up in the tree, and from there he had dropped to the ground with his claws full of tree skin. "What reason did you have for not telling him?" he shouted to sad Baloo, who was running in his slow way to catch the monkeys. "What was the good of half killing him if you did not tell him about the monkeys?" "Quickly! Quickly! We can catch them if we run!" Baloo said with much heavy breathing.

"You run too slowly to catch a sick cow, Old Teacher," said Bagheera. "You stupid child-hitting bear! And if you do not stop to rest, you will explode. Sit and think! Make a plan. This is not the best time for running after him. If we follow too closely, they will drop him."

"If they have not dropped him before now! Put dead bats on my head! Give me black bones to eat! Push me into the hive of the wild bees that they can kill me. Bury me with the Wild Dog. I am the worst bear in the Jungle. Mowgli! Mowgli! I was wrong not to teach you about the Monkey People. If my hitting forced him to forget the Special Words, he will be in the Jungle with no friends."

Baloo put his hands over his face and moved from side to side crying.

"Do not be stupid!" said Bagheera. "He was able to say the Words when I asked him. Look at you! What will the Jungle animals think if they see you making yourself into a ball like a porcupine and crying?"

"Should I worry what they think? What if he is dead by now?"

"If they do not drop him for entertainment, or kill him with their foolishness, he will be safe," said Bagheera. "He is smart, and you were teaching him well. Because the Monkey People live in trees, they have no fear of any of us. But he has the eyes that make all Jungle animals afraid." Bagheera cleaned one foot as he was thinking.


"Put dead bats on my head! Give me black bones to eat!"

"Foolish bear that I am! Fat foolish bear that I am," said Baloo, jumping up quickly. "I know what to do! Hathi the Wild Elephant says each animal has its own fear. And they, the Monkey People, are afraid of Kaa, the Boa. He goes up trees as well as they. He robs young monkeys at night. Saying his name makes their bad tails cold. We will go to Kaa."

"He has no feet, and he has dangerous eyes. He is not of our group. How can he help us?" asked Bagheera.

"He is old and smart. And he is always wanting food," said Baloo. "Agree to give him many goats." "He sleeps for a month after he eats. What if he is asleep now? And if he is awake, what if he wants to kill his own goats?"

Bagheera, who did not know much about Kaa, was thinking of the dangers.

"You and I together can make him understand," said Baloo as he rubbed his shoulder against the Panther. And together they started to look for Kaa. 

Kaa was not hard to find. He was in the warm sun, looking at his new skin. He was very beautiful, after ten days of growing a new skin. He moved his big head from side to side, bending his long body into many curves. He made his lips wet as he started to think about finding food.

Kaa is not able to kill with his teeth. He does not like snakes that kill in that way. He says that snakes who bite are not very strong. Kaa's strength is in his hug. After he puts his long body around an animal, there is nothing more to say.

"Good catching!" shouted Baloo loudly, because, like all snakes, Kaa was not able to hear well. "Good catching for us all!" he answered. "What are you doing here? Do you know where I can find animals? I am as empty as a dry river."

 "We are looking for food too," said Baloo, as if nothing was worrying him. He did not want to do anything to make Kaa act too quickly.

 "Can I come with you?" asked Kaa. One kill more or less is nothing to you two, but I... I need to wait for days in a tree road for a monkey to come my way. And the branches are not what they were when I was young. They are dry and broken."

 "Is it because the branches are too weak, or is it because you are too heavy?" asked Baloo.

 "It is true that my length is four times that of Baloo," said Kaa proudly, "but it is the problem of the timber too. The last time I tried to catch food near here, the Monkey People were able to hear my movements through the trees. They shouted bad names at me as I tried to hold the breaking branches."

 "Yes, I remember that! Yellow ground worm," Bagheera said quietly to himself, as if trying to remem- ber what name the monkeys used.

 "Ssssss! Did they give me that name?" asked Kaa. "I think it is the name they were shouting to us about you last month; but we were trying not to listen to them. They will say anything, you know – that you have no teeth, that you are afraid to face any animal bigger than a baby goat... but most of the things they say are false," Bagheera said smoothly.


"Yes, that was it! Yellow ground worm."

A snake, and most of all a smart old boa like Kaa, does not often show that it is angry. But Baloo and Bagheera were able to see the big muscles on each side of Kaa's throat moving up and down.

"The Monkey People have moved to a new place," Kaa said. "When I was sitting in the sun this morning, I listened to them shouting in the tops of the trees."

"How interesting! It is the Monkey People that we follow now," said Baloo. It was difficult for him to say the words, because it was the first time that he (or any Jungle animal that he knows) had showed any interest in the Monkey People.

"It must be a very important reason for two strong killing animals – leaders in their own place – to follow the Monkey People," Kaa said kindly, wanting to know quickly what the reason was.

"The truth is that I am no more than an old and often foolish Teacher of Rules to the Seeonee wolf children," said Baloo. "And Bagheera here..."

"Bagheera is Bagheera," said the Black Panther, closing his mouth quickly with a sharp sound from his teeth hitting together. Baloo was trying to be humble, but Bagheera did not believe in being humble. Bagheera said, "The problem is this, Kaa: The monkeys robbed our man-child. Did you hear about him?"

"Ikki, the Porcupine, said something to me about a man-thing that was part of a wolf group, but I did not believe it. Ikki is full of stories that he does not hear or tell well."

"This one is true. The man-child is very special," said Baloo. "He is the smartest, most confident of all animals – my own student. He will make all in the Jungle know my name. But more than this, I... we love him." "I too know what love is," said Kaa, shaking his head. "There are stories I can tell that..."

"That need a clear night when we are all full, to give you time to tell them well," said Bagheera quickly. "Our man-child is with the Monkey People now. We know that, of all animals, the monkeys most fear Kaa." "Yes, they are afraid of me and no others," said Kaa. "And they have good reason to be afraid of me. Loud, foolish, proud... that is the Monkey People. A man-thing in their hands is not good. They become tired of the nuts they take, and they throw them down. They carry a branch for half a day, planning to do special things with it, and in the end they break it in two. That man-thing is not in a safe place. And what name were you saying that they have for me? 'Yellow Fish' was it not?"

"No. Worm! Yellow Ground Worm," said Bagheera, "and other names that are too bad for me to say."

"We must teach them to say good things about the one they fear," said Kaa. "We must show them who is the strongest. Now, where did they go with the child?" "We do not know. Toward the west, I think," said Baloo. "We were thinking that you would know where they travel, Kaa."

"I? How? I take them when they come my way, but I do not go looking for Monkey People, no more than I go looking for frogs, or green dirt on the top of water."

"Up, up!  Look up, Baloo, of the Seeonee Wolf Group!"


"Up, up! Look up, Baloo of the Seeonee Wolf Group!"

Baloo looked up to see Chil the Falcon flying with the light of the sun on his wings. It was the time when Chil should be sleeping, but he had looked all over the Jungle to find Baloo. The thick trees and bushes had made his job difficult.

"What is it?" asked Baloo.

"Mowgli is with the Monkey People. He asked me to tell you where they are taking him. They were going over the river toward the Cold Houses. I do not know how long they will stay there: one day, ten days, or one hour. The bats agreed to follow them and to look after Mowgli through the night. Good catching, all you below!"

"Full eating and a good sleep to you, Chil," shouted Bagheera. "I will remember you when I kill again, and I will put the head to one side for you to eat. You are the kindest of all falcons!"

"It is nothing. The boy said the Special Words and I was not able to do less," said Chil, flying off to sleep in his tree.

"He remembered the Words!" said Baloo, laughing proudly. "I am surprised that one as young as Mowgli remembered to use the Special Words for the birds when he was being pulled through the trees!"

"The words were pushed into him with much force," said Bagheera. "But I am proud of him; and now we must go to the Cold Houses."

Very few animals go to the Cold Houses. It is an old town where people do not live now, buried in the Jungle. Most animals will not go near a place where people lived. Wild pigs and monkeys will, but not killing animals. "It will take half a night – and that is if we travel very quickly," said Bagheera.

"I will move as quickly as I can," said Baloo. "No, we will be too slow if we wait for you. We must go on fast feet – Kaa and I. You can follow after us."

"Did you say fast feet!?" asked Kaa. "Feet or no feet, I can move as quickly as all your four feet," he finished, a little angrily.

Baloo tried to run with them at the start, but when he started to breathe heavily, he was forced to rest.

Bagheera did not stop to wait for Baloo, but he moved quickly forward, at a panther run. Kaa said nothing, but was always with him. When crossing small rivers, Bagheera was able to jump across and Kaa was forced to swim; but on the flat land, Kaa closed the distance between them.

"By the broken lock that made me free," said Bagheera, when the sun was going down, "I did not know that you were able to move this quickly."

"I want food," said Kaa. "But I am angry too, because they say I am a frog with polka-dots." "No, a Worm!" said Bagheera. "A ground worm, and a yellow ground worm at that."

"No difference. Can we go on?" And Kaa moved like water across the ground, always finding the shortest way and staying on it.

At that same time, in the Cold Houses, the Monkey People were too happy about bringing Mowgli to the old town to think about Mowgli's friends. It was Mowgli's first time in a big town and he was very interested in all of the buildings and plants. Many buildings were broken, but they were interesting and beautiful to him.

A king had made the town a long time in the past, on a little hill. Mowgli was able to see stone roads coming up to broken openings in the wall around the town.

Trees were growing out of the walls. The fighting places on the top of the wall were broken, and wild vines were now growing through window openings on the wall. At the top of the hill was a big house for the king.

The roof had collapsed and the flat white floor stones were broken. Grass was growing through and lifting the stones on the floor of the king's elephant house.

From the king's house, Mowgli was able to see long lines of houses; the big stone idol from the past; holes where people were getting water from the ground; and the broken roofs of the temples, with wild fruit trees growing beside them.

The monkeys say the town is their town, and they feel they are better than animals who live in the Jungle because of it. But they do not know what the buildings are for, or how to use them.

Some sit in circles in the king's meeting room, looking for small insects in their hair, and thinking that they are people. Some run in and out of the houses, putting pieces of broken stones in corners, and not remembering where they were hiding them later.


“It was Mowgli's first time in a big town, and he was very interested in all the buildings.”

Others fight and cry in big loud groups, and when they finish fighting, they run through the king's plants, shaking the flower and orange trees for entertain- ment, to see the fruit and flowers fall. They look through all the rooms and dark holes, but do not remember what they see. And they drink from the king's water hole at the top of the hill, making the water dirty when they do, and shouting, "In all the Jungle, no animal is as smart and strong and kind as the Monkey People." When this becomes boring, they leave the town and return to the trees, where they try to make the other animals show an interest in them.

Because he was able to understand the Jungle Rules, Mowgli did not like this way of doing things. After coming to the town late in the day, the monkeys did not sleep, as Mowgli knows to do after travelling a long distance. They joined hands and danced, singing their foolish songs. One monkey talked about it being a special time, because now they had Mowgli. They wanted Mowgli to show them how to bend sticks to make walls to protect them from the rain and cold. Mowgli started to show them, but in a short time they were not interested and started to pull each other's tails and to jump and shout.

"I want to eat," said Mowgli. "I am not from this part of the Jungle. Where is food?" Some monkeys were running off to get nuts and wild fruit, but they started fighting on the way, and it was too much work to return with the little food they had after they finished fighting.

Mowgli was sore and angry, and he needed food. He walked through the empty town saying the words of the Catching Shout, but no animal answered him. "All that Baloo said about the Monkey People is true," he said to himself. "They have no Rules, no Special Words, and no leaders – nothing but foolishness and little robbing hands. If I die without food, or if I am killed here, it will be because I was bad. But I must try to return to the Jungle. Baloo will hit me, but that is better than running after stupid foolishness with the Monkey People."

When he walked close to the walls of the town, the monkeys pulled him back, telling him that he did not know how happy he was, and squeezing small pieces of his skin to make him say he was happy.

Sore as he was, Mowgli was not able to stop from laughing as the Monkey People started telling him, twenty at a time, how special and smart and strong and kind they were, and how foolish he was to want to leave. "We are good. We do not obey others. We are special. We are the most special animals in all the Jungle! We all say this. For this reason it must be true," they said.

"You are a new person to listen to us, and you can tell the other animals about us. If you do, they will take an interest in us in the future. But first you must hear about how perfect we are."

Mowgli did not argue, and hundreds of monkeys joined together at the high place, to listen to their own people sing songs about how good they were. When the singers would stop to breathe, they would all shout together, "This is true. We all say it is!"

Mowgli moved his head to show that he agreed when they asked him a question, but he was not listening to them seriously. The noise made his head feel like it was going in circles.

"I think Tabaqui the Wild Dog was biting them," he said to himself, "and now they are crazy. That is what it is – they are crazy!

"Do they not sleep? A cloud is coming to cover the moon. If it is a big cloud, I will try to run away when it is dark enough... if I am not too tired."

* * *

Two good friends were looking at that same cloud from a place below the town's wall. Bagheera and Kaa, knowing how dangerous Monkey People are in big numbers, did not want to act too quickly. At most times, monkeys will not fight. But when they are one hundred to one, they fight and they win.

"I will go to the west wall," said Kaa quietly, "and move quickly down the hill. They will not jump on my back in hundreds, but you..."

"I know," said Bagheera, not wanting to think about Kaa being better than him against the monkeys. "We need Baloo; but we must do what we can. When that cloud covers the moon, I will go to the high place. Most of them are meeting there now."

"Good catching!" said Kaa seriously, and he moved without a sound to the west wall. The west wall did not have an opening, and the big snake had a very difficult time finding a way up the big stones. It was taking longer than he had planned.


"That is what it is! They are crazy!"

The cloud moved across the moon, but as Mowgli was thinking to run, he turned to see Bagheera coming toward the high place. Running up the hill without a sound, the Black Panther started hitting left and right against the monkeys. He did it because biting takes too much time against this many monkeys.

The monkeys were sitting around Mowgli in circles of 50 or 60 or more. They cried in fear and anger, but after a short time Bagheera was falling over the bodies under him and a monkey shouted, "He is down! He is one and no more! Kill him! Kill him!" In no time, a kicking, biting, pulling, hitting ball of monkeys closed over Bagheera.

Five or six monkeys pulled Mowgli up the wall of the queen's house and pushed him through a hole in the roof. The fall would have hurt a boy who had learned from people, but Mowgli dropped as he had learned to drop from Baloo. He hit the ground on his feet.

"Stay there," shouted the monkeys. "We will kill your friend. After that, we will play with you – if the biting snakes do not kill you."

"We be of one blood, you and I," Mowgli said quickly, using the Snake Word. He was able to hear the soft noises all around him and he said the words again. "As you sssssay! Down all!" said six snakes at the same time. (All broken empty buildings in India become, in time, a place of snakes, and this old house was full of cobras.)

"Do not move your feet, Little Brother, because your feet can hurt us," they said.

Mowgli was standing as quietly as he was able, as he looked through the holes in the white stone wall, and listened to the angry shouts and fighting. He listened to Bagheera's deep noises as he jumped and moved under the many monkeys. For the first time in his life, Bagheera was fighting to stay alive.

"Baloo will help. Where is he?" Mowgli was thinking. "To the water hole, Bagheera!" he shouted. "Move to the water hole and jump under the water!"

Bagheera was happy to hear Mowgli and to know he was alive. This filled him with confidence. He moved, little by little, toward the water hole. As he moved, Baloo shouted the war-cry from the wall near the Jungle. "Bagheera," he shouted, "I am here.

Breathing loudly, Baloo moved up toward the high place. By the time he was there, monkeys were all over him. Standing on his back legs, he hugged as many monkeys as he was able to hug. After that, he started to hit them, with each hit making the sound of a slow drum.

Mowgli listened to sounds coming from the water hole. The sounds said that Bagheera was in the place where no monkey will follow. The Panther was in the water, breathing heavily, as monkeys danced in anger on the sides, waiting to jump on him again when he returned to the land. Bagheera lifted his wet head and shouted the Snake Words for help – "We be of one blood, you and I." He needed help and he was afraid Kaa was hiding from the fight. Baloo, covered with monkeys, smiled as he listened to the strong proud Panther asking for help.


"Bagheera, I am here!"

As this was happening, Kaa was coming down the side of the tall wall. He was late because he had many problems getting up over it.

Kaa listened. He was able to hear monkeys shouting around Bagheera in the water hole, and he could hear Mang the Bat in the distance, telling all the Jungle about the big fight. Far away, small groups of Monkey People were moving on the tree- roads to help their friends in the Cold Houses. All the birds were awake now, and Hathi the Wild Elephant was shouting in the distance.

Kaa moved straight and he moved quickly. The fighting strength of the boa is in the hitting force of its big head, with all the muscles of its big body behind it. A short boa can push a man over if it hits him in the chest. And Kaa was five or six times as long as a short boa. His first hit was in the middle of the big group of monkeys around Baloo. He did it without noise, but he did not need to do it a second time. The monkeys separated with cries and shouts. "Kaa!" they shouted. "It is Kaa! Run! Run!"

Parent monkeys make their children obey by telling them stories of Kaa, the night robber who can move across branches as quietly as grass grows, and take the strongest monkey. Kaa is the one animal all monkeys fear. Not one of them is able to look him in the eye. And not one of them is alive after he hugs them. For this reason, they all stopped fighting when hearing his name, and they started running to the walls and roofs of the houses.

Baloo breathed the air deep into his lungs, happy that the monkeys had stopped fighting and biting him. His hair was much thicker than Bagheera's, but he was very sore from the fight.

Kaa opened his mouth and said one long snake sound, and monkeys running to hide stopped where they were, shaking. The monkeys on the walls and on the houses stopped their cries too.

 Bagheera walked out of the water hole, shaking his wet sides as he did.

"Get the man-child out of the cage; I can do no more," Bagheera said weakly. "We must take the man- child and run, before they fight again."

"They will not move before I tell them to," said Kaa, turning to the monkeys, who were starting to talk again. "Sssstay where you are!" he said with a long snake sound, and the big town was quiet again. "The wall was too tall. It slowed me down, Brother," he said to Bagheera. "Did I hear you crying for help?"

"I – I think I shouted some words in the strong feelings of the fight," Bagheera answered. "Baloo, are you hurt?"

"I feel like they have pulled me into a hundred little baby bears," said Baloo, shaking one leg after another. "Kaa, it is because of you that we are alive – Bagheera and I."

"It was nothing," said Kaa. "Where is the man- child?"

"Here! In the house. I cannot come out," shouted Mowgli.


"Here! In the house. I cannot come out."

"Take him. He dances too much," said the cobras. "He will hurt our young ones with his moving about."

"He has friends in all places, this man-child," said Kaa with a laugh. "Stand back, man-child; and hide, you biting snakes. I will break down the wall."

Finding a weak place in the wall, Kaa made two or three soft hits with his head to get the distance. After this, he lifted his head high and hit the wall with his full strength six times. The white stone collapsed in a cloud of dirt and Mowgli jumped through the opening. He hugged Baloo and Bagheera at the same time.

"Are you hurt?" asked Baloo, hugging him softly. "I need food, and I am sore and tired, but I am not hurt like you, my Brothers. There is blood on you." "Others have blood on them too," said Bagheera cleaning his lips with his tongue and looking at the dead monkeys around the water hole.

"It is nothing. It is nothing if you are alive, my smart little Frog," cried Baloo.

"We will talk about how smart you are later," said Bagheera in a way that Mowgli did not like. "But here is Kaa. He is the one who ended the fight for us all. He is the one who returned your life to you. Show him you are happy, as you should do, Mowgli."

Mowgli turned to see the big boa's head moving left and right a little above his own head.

"This is the man-child?" asked Kaa. "His skin is very soft, and he is not much different from the Monkey People. Look well, man-child, that I do not think you are a monkey in the dark when I have changed my skin."

"We be of one blood, you and I," Mowgli answered. "I take my life from you, this night. My kill will be your kill if you need food at any time, Kaa."

"I am happy, Little Brother," said Kaa with laughing eyes. "And what can a confident boy like you kill? I ask to follow when you go to catch food again."

"I kill nothing – I am too little – but I send the goats toward the others. If you need food, come and see if this is true. And I can use these well," he said, holding out his hands. "If you are in a cage, my help will pay you for keeping me alive this night. Kaa, Bagheera, and Baloo... Good catching to you all, my leaders."

"Kaa, Bagheera, and Baloo… Good catching to you all, my leaders."

"Well said," shouted Baloo, because Mowgli used beautiful words to say what he was feeling.

The Boa dropped his head softly on Mowgli's shoulder. "A confident heart, and a kind tongue," said he. "They will carry you far in the Jungle, man-child. But now, go over there quickly with your friends. Go and sleep, because the moon goes below the hills, and what happens now is not for you to see."

The lines of monkeys hugging each other looked like shaking strings against the wall.

Baloo moved over to the water hole for a drink, and Bagheera worked at fixing his hair. Kaa moved to the middle of the high place and closed his mouth with a loud noise that made all the monkeys look at him. "The moon goes down," he said. "Is there light enough for you to see me?"

From the walls there was a soft sound like the wind in the tops of the trees: "We see you well, Kaa."

"Good. The Dance starts now – the Dance to Feed Kaa. Stay without moving, and look at me."

He turned two or three times in a big circle, moving his head from left to right. After that he started making circles and number shapes with his body, and soft round triangles that melted into squares, and shapes with five sides, always moving slowly, always singing his low song. It was growing darker and darker, and they were not able to see his dance now, but they were able to hear the soft sounds of his movements.

Baloo and Bagheera did not move. They were making deep noises in their throats. The hair on their necks was standing up. Mowgli was trying to understand what was happening.

"Monkey People," Kaa said after a long time, "can you move hand or foot without me telling you to? Talk!" "Without you telling us, we cannot move hand or foot, Kaa!" they said as one.

"Good! Come all of you one step closer to me." The lines of monkeys moved forward, and Baloo and Bagheera moved one step forward too.

"Clossssser!" Kaa breathed, and they all moved again.

Mowgli put his hands on Baloo and Bagheera to get them away, and the two big animals jumped as if they were coming out of a deep sleep.

"Keep your hand on my shoulder," Bagheera said quietly to Mowgli. "Keep it there, or I will return – will return to Kaa."

"It is old Kaa making circles in the dirt," said Mowgli.

"Come, we will go." And the three moved through a hole in the wall, back to the Jungle.

"I will not ask Kaa for help again," said Baloo, when he was under the trees. He was shaking all over with fear.

"He knows more than we do," said Bagheera, shaking too. "If we had stayed... No, I do not want to think about it. You know, Baloo, we almost walked down his throat."

"Many will walk by that road before the moon comes up again," said Baloo. "He will have good catching in his own way this night."

"But what is the reason for this talk?" asked Mowgli, who did not know about a boa's special ability. "What is special about a snake with a sore nose making foolish circles?"

"Mowgli!" said Bagheera angrily, "His nose was sore because of you ; as are my ears and sides and feet; and Baloo's neck and shoulders have many bites because of you. We will be sore for many days." "It is nothing," said Baloo. "We have the man- child again."

"But the price was very high: in time that is better used for catching food; in sores; in hair; and last of all, we were made humble before Kaa.  

Remember, Mowgli, I Bagheera, the Black Panther , was forced to ask Kaa the Boa to protect me; and Baloo and I were made to look like weak little birds by the Dance. All of this happened because you played with the Monkey People."

"True. It is very true," said Mowgli sadly. "I am a bad man-child. My heart is sad in me." "What do the Jungle Rules say about a thing like this, Baloo?"

Baloo did not want to make more problems for Mowgli, but he was not able to change the Rules. "Being sad does not stop one from being punished," he said. "But remember, Bagheera, he is very little." "I will remember; but we must remember too that he made problems for many of us this night. Now he must be punished for it. Mowgli, do you have anything to say?"

"Nothing," said Mowgli. "I acted wrongly, I know. Baloo and you were hurt because of me. It is right for me to be punished."

It was Bagheera's job to give him six love-hits; from a panther's way of thinking they were not hard enough to stop a baby panther from sleeping, but for a seven-year-old boy, they were the hardest hits on earth. When they were finished, Mowgli did not say a word.

"Now," said Bagheera, "jump on my back, Little Brother, and we will return to our part of the jungle." One of the most beautiful things about the Jungle Rules is that after you are punished, it is finished. No one stays angry.

Mowgli rested his head on Bagheera's back. He was very tired, and he stayed sleeping when Bagheera put him down by Mother Wolf's side in the hole in the hill.


“Mowgli rested his head on Bagheera's back.  He was very tired.”


Questions for Part 2

If you do not know an answer, you can find it on the page number at the end of the question.

1. What are the animal languages that Mowgli learned? (page 50)

2. At the start of this story, who was hard on Mowgli, and who was soft? (pages 50-53)

3. What Jungle animals have no rules? (page 55)

4. When the monkeys were carrying Mowgli through the trees, he asked for help. What animal did he ask? (page 62)

5. What animal do the Monkey People fear most? (page 65)

6. Bagheera wanted Kaa to help him fight the Monkey People. What did he say to make Kaa angry with the Monkey People? (page 66)

7. How did Baloo and Bagheera know where to find Mowgli? (page 71)

8. Did Baloo and Bagheera run together to the Cold Houses? (page 72)

9. What did Mowgli plan to do when the cloud covered the moon? (page 77)

10. Where did the monkeys put Mowgli when Bagheera started fighting with them? (page 79)

11. Did all the monkeys run from Baloo and Bagheera? Who did they run from? (page 82)

12. What was happening to Baloo and Bagheera when Kaa started his dance? (page 88)

13. After the fight with the monkeys, who was hard on Mowgli and who was soft? (page 89)



3. Tiger! Tiger!


What of the catching, brother old?
Brother, the looking was long and cold.
What of the Person you wanted to kill?
Brother, he is free and eats his fill.
Where is the force that gives you strength?
Brother, it leaves my body's full length.
Brother, you go too quickly by.
Brother, I go to my house – to die!

Now we must return to the first story.

You will remember that Mowgli had an argument with the other wolves at the Meeting Stones after Shere Khan tried to have him killed. Mowgli said that he was going to leave the Group and go to live with People. He walked down the hill from the Meeting Stones to the farm lands where the People live. He did not stop there, because it was too close to the Jungle. At the Meeting he had learned that many wolves hated him and he did not want to be near them.

He followed the rough road away from there, running slowly for a long time. By the middle of the day, he was at a place that was new to him. The hills opened up to flat land without trees, covered with big stones. In some places were long, deep channels with steep walls on each side. At the Jungle end of the open place was where the cows and buffalo go to eat grass. A town was at the other end.

After seeing Mowgli, the boys with the cows were afraid. Mowgli did not stop, because he wanted food. He walked up to an opening in the wall around the town. By the opening was a bush with sharp points that people used to cover the hole at night. In the past, when Mowgli had been out looking for food, many times he had come across this bush at the doors to small towns. "I see the people here are afraid of Jungle animals too," he said to himself.

Mowgli dropped to the ground to rest beside the opening. When a man walked through, Mowgli jumped to his feet and pointed down his throat to show that he wanted food. The surprised man quickly returned up the one road in the town, shouting for the priest.

In a short time, the priest returned with a hundred other people. He was a big, fat man dressed in white, with a red and yellow mark on his head. The people looked and talked and shouted and pointed at Mowgli.

"These people have no rules about how to act around others," said Mowgli to himself. "They are like monkeys." For this reason, he pushed his hair back and made an angry face at the people.

"We do not need to be afraid," said the priest. "Look at the marks on his arms and legs. "They are the bites of wolves. He is a wolf-child, who has run away from the Jungle."

It is true that, in playing together, the wolf children would often bite Mowgli, and Mowgli had white marks from old sores on his arms and legs. But how can people say they are bites? Mowgli knows what real biting is, and these were not real bites.

"Poor child!" said one woman. "To have wolves bite him! He is beautiful. He has eyes like fire. He looks like your boy, that the tiger was taking, Messa." "Can I see?" asked a woman with metal circles on her arms and legs. She looked closely. "He is thinner, but he does have the look of my boy," she said.

Messa's husband was very rich. The smart priest looked up at the sky for a time. After this, he said very seriously, "What the Jungle was taking, the Jungle returns. Take the boy to your house, my sister, and remember to give to the priest who sees far into the lives of all people."

"All this talking is like another looking-over by the Group," Mowgli said to himself. "But if I am a person, this is what I must do."

People moved to the side, and the woman asked, by movements of her arms, for Mowgli to come to her house. In the house was a red bed, a big grain box with interesting patterns on it, six metal cooking containers, a small Hindu idol in a corner, and on the wall a real mirror like the ones they sell in big towns.


"What the Jungle was taking the Jungle returns."

"No. Give him what he wants," said Messa's husband. "Remember, he did not sleep in a bed before this. If it is true that the gods were sending him in the place of our son, he will not run away."

Mowgli rested in some long, clean grass at the side of the flat ground that night. Before he closed his eyes, a soft grey nose touched him on the face. It was Grey Brother – the oldest of Mother Wolf's children. "This is a sad start after I followed you for this long distance," he said. "After one day, you smell of smoke and cows – like People. Do not sleep, little Brother. I have things to tell you."

"Are all well in the Jungle?" asked Mowgli as he hugged Grey Brother.

"All but those who were burned by the Red Flower. "Now, listen. Shere Khan has run far away to wait for his hair to grow again, because he was burned badly. When he returns, he says that he will put your bones in the Wanga River."

"And I said what I plan to do with his bones too," said Mowgli. "But it is good to hear what is happening. I am tired this night – very tired from learning many new things, Grey Brother – but do not stop coming to tell me what happens."

"You will remember that you are a wolf? People will not make you stop remembering?" asked Grey Brother worriedly.

"I will always remember that I love you and all in our hole; but I will always remember too that the others in our Group turned against me."

"And remember that another group can send you out too. People are people, Little Brother, and their talk is as the talk of frogs in a water hole. When I come again I will wait for you in the bamboo at the side of the flat land."

For three months after that night, Mowgli did not go outside the town. He used all of his time to learn the ways of people. First, he needed to wear a cloth around him. He did not like that. After that, he learned about money. He did not understand that at all.

The little children of the town made him very angry.

It is good that he learned from the Jungle Rules not to show anger, because he was strong enough to lift them off the ground and break them into two pieces. In the Jungle he was weaker than the animals; but in the town the people said he was as strong as a male cow. When the children laughed because he did not play their games, or because he did not say a word well, he remembered the Rules and did not show his anger. Mowgli had another problem. He was not able to understand the reason for people saying some family groups are better than others.

A man who made containers from clay was taking many containers to the big town on the back of his donkey one day when the donkey stepped into a big hole. Mowgli pulled the donkey out and helped to put the containers on the donkey's back again. But the people were surprised and angry that he did this, because they said the man was in a family group that is poor, and that is not important.

When the priest said that Mowgli was wrong to help, Mowgli shouted that he was going to put the priest on the donkey too.

Later, the priest said to Messa's husband that Mowgli should start working; and the town leader agreed. He said Mowgli should go with the buffalo when they go out of the town to eat grass each morning. Mowgli was very happy about getting this job.

That night, because he was going to be a worker for the town, he was able to go to the meeting that happens each night on a high floor under a big tree in the middle of the town. The town leader, and a man who protects the town at night, and a man who cuts hair (and knows all the interesting talk of the town) were there. Old Buldo, who uses a long gun to kill meat for the town, was there too. These leaders smoked from a long tube that goes through water. Monkeys were talking in the high branches of the tree, and a cobra lived under the floor of the meeting place. Because the cobra is special in the Hindu teaching, they were giving it a dish of milk to drink each night.

The old men were telling interesting stories about gods and people and spirits; and Buldo was telling more interesting stories about the ways of the animals in the Jungle. Many children sitting on the outside of the circle were very interested in the stories about animals, because the Jungle is always at their door.

The deer and wild pigs dig up their plants, and at times a tiger will take a person near the town when the sun is going down.

By this time, Mowgli was able to understand some of what they said, and he needed to cover his face to hide his laugh when Buldo, with his gun across his knee, said things that a young wolf knows are not true. Mowgli's shoulders were shaking from his secret laughs.

One of the things that Mowgli was laughing at was when Buldo said the tiger that killed Messa's son was a spirit-tiger. He said the spirit of a greedy man who died some years in the past, lived in the body of the tiger.

"I know this is true," said Buldo, "because that man was hurt in a fight. It forced him to walk differently after that. The tiger that I talk about, he walks that way too, because the marks his feet leave are not all the same."

"True, true. That must be the truth," said the old men together.

"Are all your stories spider webs and moon talk?"  asked Mowgli. "That tiger walks differently because he was born crippled, as all in the Jungle know. I cannot believe this talk about the spirit of a greedy Person being in an animal that has less confidence than a wild dog. To me it is child's talk."

The town leader and Buldo were both too surprised to say a thing. They looked at him without moving. "This is the wild child, is it not?" asked Buldo of the town leader when he was able to talk. To Mowgli he said, "If you are as smart as you think, bring the tiger's skin to the big town. People there will give much money for it. But if you cannot do that, it is better that you not talk when others who are older and smarter than you are talking."


“Are all your stories spider webs and moon talk?"

Mowgli turned to leave the meeting. "All night I listened," he shouted over his shoulder, "and, but for one or two times, Buldo did not say a word of truth about the Jungle that is at his door. How can I believe his talk of spirits and gods and devils when I know he is wrong in the other things that he says?"

"It is time that boy was working with the buffalo," said the town leader at the same time that Buldo opened and closed his mouth in anger at how confident Mowgli was.

The way of most small towns in India is for some boys to take the cows and buffalo out to eat grass early in the morning and bring them back at night. The same cows that will kill a person that they do not know will receive hits and shouts by children who do not stand taller than their noses if they know the children are their leaders. The boys protect the cows from danger by keeping them close together. A tiger will not run at a big group of cows. But if a cow or a boy walks behind to eat grass or to look for lizards, they can be carried away.

When the sun was coming up the following morning, Mowgli was sitting on the back of Rama, leader of the buffalo group, and going down the town's one road.

The blue-grey buffalo, with their angry eyes and long horns curving backward, were each coming from different houses to join him. Mowgli made the children with him understand that he was the leader. He would hit the buffalo with a bamboo stick, and send some of the boys to feed the cows in a separate place. He himself stayed with the male buffalo group.


“Mowgli made the children with him understand that he was the leader.”

Grass lands in India are full of stones, bushes, and big deep channels with steep walls, where a cow can fall and not get out. Because buffalo like to be in wet places, Mowgli planned to take his group to the side of the grass lands, where the Wanga River comes out of the Jungle. When they were close to the bamboo at the side of the river, Mowgli jumped down from Rama's back.

Mowgli was looking for Grey Brother.

"There you are!" said Grey Brother. "I have waited here for days. Are you a leader of cows now?"

"It is what I must do," said Mowgli. "This is my job for now. Tell me what is happening with Shere Khan?"

"He returned to this part of the Jungle and waited a long time for you to come out of the town. But there was not enough food here, and now he has moved to another place to find food. But he wants to kill you."

"Very good," said Mowgli. "For as long as he is away, you or another wolf can sit on that stone. I can see you there from the town. If Shere Khan returns, wait for me in the channel by the tree in the middle of the grass lands. We must not walk into Shere Khan's mouth."

After he finished talking, Mowgli looked for a place to sleep. The buffalo were eating grass around him.

Mowgli said to himself that leading cows was one of the easiest jobs in India. The cows move and eat and rest, and after that, they move on again. They do not make much noise. The buffalo say nothing, but they move down into the wet dirt one after another, with their noses and blue eyes showing above the water. There they rest like dead trees.

The sun makes the hot stones look like they are dancing, and the children can hear one falcon (no more than one) making a noise very high in the sky. They know that, if they die or a cow dies, the falcon will fly down, and another falcon far away will see it drop. The other falcon will follow it, and another will follow that one, and another and another, and almost before they are dead, twenty falcons will come to that place.

The children sleep off and on through the whole day. When they are not sleeping, they make little baskets from dry grass, and put insects in them; or they catch two insects and make them fight; or they look at a lizard resting on a stone, or a snake catching a frog near the water. They sing songs, and for them the day is as long as a whole life for some people. At times they make a little house for a king from the clay. They make clay shapes for people too, and say that the king and his people are fighting in a war, or that they are gods.

When night comes, the children shout for the buffalo to come. The buffalo move, one by one, slowly out of the sticky clay, making sounds like a gun exploding as each leg lifts from the clay. They all walk in a line across the grey grass lands to the lights of the small town.

Each day as Mowgli was leading the buffalo out to the wet dirt, he was able to see the shape of Grey Brother standing a long distance away, across the grass lands. And each time that he looked off in the distance and could see Grey Brother standing there, he was confident that Shere Khan had not returned.

Day after day he rested on the grass, listening to the noises around him and thinking of his life in the Jungle. It was quiet enough there in the grass for him to hear if Shere Khan made one wrong step up in the Jungle by the Wanga River.

After a few weeks, there was a day when Mowgli did not see Grey Brother at his place. He laughed to himself, knowing that it was time to fight Shere Khan. He moved the buffalo to the deep channel by the tree that is covered with orange flowers. Grey Brother was there, and the hair on his back was standing up.

"For a month now Shere Khan has been hiding, to make you think you were safe," said Grey Brother, breathing heavily. "But he crossed the hills last night with Tabaqui, and he is looking for you." Mowgli looked worried. "I am not afraid of Shere Khan," he said, "but Tabaqui is very smart."

"Do not worry," said Grey Brother, cleaning his lips with his tongue.

"I learned what Shere Khan plans to do. I learned it from Tabaqui this morning, before I killed him. Now the falcons are eating of his smartness. Shere Khan plans to wait for you at the town wall this night – for when you return. He rests now in the deep channel of the Wanga."

"Did he eat this morning, or is he empty?" asked Mowgli. The answer would be the difference between Shere Khan living or dying.

"He killed this morning – a pig – and he has been drinking too. You know Shere Khan; he will not stop eating for any reason."

"Foolish, foolish tiger!" said Mowgli. "What a child's child he is! Eating and drinking, and he thinks that I will wait for him to finish sleeping before I act! All I need to do now is to find where he rests. We are not enough wolves to get him where he is sleeping now. If we were ten wolves...

"But wait... I do not think we need to worry about that," he said. "We can use the buffalo. They will not run to find him if they do not smell him; and I cannot talk their language to tell them what I want them to do. But if we take the buffalo behind him, where he has walked, they will smell him and they will know what to do."

"He was swimming down the river to his resting place, to hide his smell," said Grey Brother.

"It must be Tabaqui who said for him to do that. Shere Khan is not smart enough to think of it by himself." Mowgli was standing with his finger in his mouth, thinking.

"The deep channel of the Wanga," he said to himself. "That opens up on the grass lands not far from here. I can take the buffalo around through the Jungle to the start of the channel and run down on him – but he will run out the other end, to the grass lands. We must use some of the buffalo to close that end too. Grey Brother, can you separate the buffalo into two groups for me?"

"I cannot do it by myself – but with a smart helper I can." Grey Brother walked away toward a hole in the flat ground. After a time, a big grey head lifted itself out of the hole, and the hot air was filled with the sad sound of a wolf singing in the middle of the day.


"Akela! Akela!  You have remembered me!"

"Akela! Akela!" said Mowgli, hitting his hands together. "You have remembered me! We have a big job to do. Can you help Grey Brother to separate the buffalo into two groups, Akela? We must keep the females and babies together, and the males separate."

Akela quickly agreed, and he and Grey Brother started to work.

The buffalo made angry noises and lifted their heads when the two wolves started running in and out between them, but they quickly separated into two groups. In one group were the females. They were standing with their babies in the middle, angrily looking at the wolves. If one of them stopped, they planned to run at it and squeeze the life out of it with their hard feet.

In the other group, the males made angry noises and hit their feet on the ground. They looked more dangerous, but they were not the real danger, because they had no babies to protect. The two wolves did the job of separating the buffalo better than any six people could do it.

"What do we do now?" asked Akela, breathing deeply. "They are trying to join together again." Mowgli jumped on Rama's back. "Send the males away to the left, Akela.

"Grey Brother, when we leave, keep the females together, and take them to this end of the channel. "Should we go up the channel with the females?" asked Grey Brother, biting at the feet of the buffalo.

"Go up to where the channel sides are higher than Shere Khan can jump," shouted Mowgli. "Keep them there and wait for us to come down from above."

The males moved off as Akela shouted after them; Grey Brother stopped in front of the females. The females started to run at him as a group, but he waited. When they were almost on him, he moved quickly, and they followed him toward the bottom of the channel.

At the same time Akela was sending the males far to the left. "You are doing well, Akela! Another run at them and they will be running fast enough. Look out – look out! A bite too much and the buffalo will stop running away and start running against you. This work is much more dangerous than sending black deer to you wolves. Did you know that buffalo were able to move this quickly?" Mowgli shouted.

"I have – I have killed buffalo too in my time," Akela said, breathing heavily. "Do you want me to turn them into the Jungle before we come to the channel?" "Yes! Turn them quickly. Rama is crazy with anger, and I cannot tell him what I want him to do."

The buffalo turned to the right this time, and pushed through the bushes.

The other children, who worked with Mowgli, were surprised and afraid when they looked up to see buffalo running into the jungle. They started running as quickly as their legs would carry them to the town, shouting that the buffalo were going crazy and running away.

But Mowgli's plan was easy. All he wanted to do was to make a big half circle up the hill to the top of the channel. From there, his plan was to take the buffalo down the channel, following the river, and catch Shere Khan sleeping.


"Look out! Look out!  A bite too much and they will run against you."

After eating, a tiger cannot fight well. Mowgli was thinking, "Shere Khan will not be able to go up the sides of the channel. He will run down the channel toward the female buffalo. There will be no way out."

The buffalo were not able to understand Mowgli, but by talking quietly to them, Mowgli was able to lead them. Akela followed behind, to keep the last few buffalo moving. It was a long curve, because they did not want to go too close to the channel. The sleeping tiger must not hear them on their way to the top. After a long time, they were at the top. From a steep grass- covered hill Mowgli was able to see across the tops of the trees to the grass lands below. But he was more interested in looking at the sides of the channel. They were almost vertical, and the vines hanging on them were not strong enough for a tiger to use to get out. "We will rest, Akela," he said, holding up his hand for the buffalo to stop.

"They do not smell him here. Give them time to breathe. I will tell Shere Khan that we are coming. He cannot run away now."

Mowgli put his hands to his mouth and shouted down the channel. It was like shouting through a tube. The noise jumped from stone to stone. After a time, they were able to hear the angry noise of a tiger who was not happy that some one had stopped his sleeping. "Who is that shouting?" Shere Khan asked loudly, forcing birds to fly in fear, out of the deep channel.

"It is I – Mowgli!" shouted the young boy. "It is time to come to the Meeting Stones, you stupid Cow-Robber!"


"It is time to come to the Meeting Stones, you stupid Cow-Robber!"

He turned to Akela: "Down, send them down, Akela! Down, Rama, down!"

The buffalo stopped at the border of the steep hill, but Akela shouted, and they jumped down, one after the other, with stones and sand flying up around them. After they started, there was no way to stop them, and before they were all in the channel, Rama started to smell Shere Khan. He made a loud angry noise to tell the other buffalo what Mowgli was not able to tell them. Mowgli, sitting on Rama's back, laughed, "Now you know!" And the river of black horns, wet noses, and angry eyes started to move quickly down the channel like the stones do in times of too much water. The weakest buffalo were forced to the sides, where they pushed through the hanging plants and vines.

It was clear to all of them now what their job was. No tiger can stand against the wild run of a buffalo group. Hearing the noise of their feet, Shere Khan jumped up from where he was sleeping and started to run slowly down the river channel, looking for a way out. The walls were vertical and he was forced to run on. With his stomach full of food and drink, a fight was the last thing he wanted.

The males were running loudly through the water where Shere Khan had rested now. And Mowgli was able to hear the females at the other end of the channel.

The tiger was able to hear the females too, and he turned in fear. Better to meet the males than the females with their babies.

But it was too late.

Rama's feet hit a soft shape and he almost dropped to the ground. The other buffalo followed close behind Rama, and in a short time they were all running into the female group. The weaker buffalo were lifted off their feet from the force of their meeting. They all moved down the channel and out to the grass lands, kicking and jumping and making angry noises. Mowgli waited for the right time before jumping off Rama's back, and hitting around himself, right and left with his stick, to stop other buffalo from coming close to him.

"Move quickly, Akela! Separate them. Separate them or they will fight each other. That is better. Now send them away. Off you go, Rama! Move, move, move, my children," he said as the running animals slowed down. "Softly now, softly. It is finished."

Akela and Grey Brother were running left and right through all of this, biting at the feet of the buffalo. At first, the buffalo wanted to run up the channel again, but Mowgli was able to turn Rama around, and the others followed them to their wet resting place.

Shere Khan did not need any more action. He was dead. Falcons were on him before Mowgli returned. "Brothers, that is how a dog dies," said Mowgli, finding the knife that he carried around his neck now that he lived with people. "His skin will look good at the Meeting Stones. We must start to work quickly."

A boy who learns from people knows he cannot take the skin off a tiger the length of two men by himself. But, from his life with the wolves, Mowgli had learned well how an animal skin goes on, and how to take it off.

It was hard work, and he cut and pulled and breathed loudly for an hour or more. The two wolves rested or helped to pull when Mowgli asked them to.

After an hour, a hand touched Mowgli on the shoulder. He looked up to see Buldo with his big gun.

After the children had returned to tell the town about the buffalo running away, the town leaders had said Buldo must go and find Mowgli and punish him for not doing his job well. 

On seeing Buldo coming toward Mowgli, the wolves had moved away to where he was not able to see them.

"What is this foolishness?" said Buldo angrily. "To think you can take the skin off a tiger! It is the crippled tiger too, and there is an award of 100 coins for his head. Because of this, I will not punish you for not stopping the buffalo from running away. If you are very good, I will give you one of the coins when I take the skin to the big town."

He was bending down to burn the long hairs near Shere Khan's nose. Some people do this because they believe it will stop the tiger's spirit from following them.

"You plan to take the skin to the big town for the award?" asked Mowgli, half to himself, as he pulled the skin back from off the tiger's front foot. "And if I am very good, you will give me one coin? But my plan is to keep the skin for myself, old man. Now take away that fire!"

"How can you talk like this to the best animal catcher in the town?" asked Buldo angrily. "The tiger is dead because the buffalo killed him, not because you are a good catcher. And you are too young to take his skin off. It is not your place to tell me, Buldo, that I must not burn his long nose hairs. Mowgli you bad boy, I will not give you one coin of the award. What you need is a very hard hit! Now move back away from the body!" 

"By the male cow that died to make me part of the Wolf group," said Mowgli, who was trying to get at the tiger's shoulder by this time, "must I stay talking to an old monkey all day? Here, Akela, this man makes me angry."

Buldo, who was bending over Shere Khan's head, did not see the wolf move. One hit from Akela and he was flat on the grass with a wolf standing over him. Mowgli did not look up, or stop taking the skin off.

"You are right, Buldo," he said through his teeth. "You will not give me one coin – because you will not receive one coin for this skin. There is a war between this crippled tiger and myself – a very old war – and this day I have become the winner."

Buldo was not a shy or weak man. When he was young, he had been able to fight with a wolf the size of Akela. But a wolf who obeys a boy who is fighting a war with a man-eating tiger is a very different animal.

"It is a bad spirit," Buldo was thinking. He wanted his necklace to protect himself from bad spirits, but he did not move, thinking that at any time Mowgli would be able to change into a tiger too.

"Good King!" he said to Mowgli quietly after a long time.

"What do you want?" asked Mowgli, who smiled without turning his head.


“It is a bad spirit!" Buldo was thinking. But he did not move.”

"I am an old man. I did not know that you were anything more than a poor boy. Can I go away, or will your wolf eat me?"

"Go. And happiness go with you. In future, do not try to take what another was killing.” 

“He can go, Akela."

Buldo was off to the town as quickly as he was able, looking over his shoulder on the way to see if Mowgli changed into a very bad animal or spirit. At the town, he said things about bad spirits that worried the priest.

It was almost dark before Mowgli and the wolves finished pulling the big skin off the body of Shere Khan.

"Now we must hide this and return the buffalo to the town," he said. "Akela, will you help me bring them?"

Near the town Mowgli was able to see lights, and hear the sound of horns. Half the people in the town were waiting for him near the opening in the wall.

"It is because I killed Shere Khan," he said to himself. But stones started coming down around his head, and the people shouted, "Devil-boy! Wolf's bad child! Jungle Devil! Go away, or the priest will change you into a wolf again! Use the gun to kill him, Buldo."

The old gun made a loud noise, and a young buffalo cried in pain.

"More bad spirits!" shouted the people. "Buldo, that was your buffalo."

"What is this?" asked Mowgli, not understanding, as more stones were coming through the air at him.

 "The People Group is the same as the Wolf Group," said Akela, sitting down without fear. "I think they want to send you out."

"Jungle Devil! Go away, or the priest will change you into a wolf again!"

"Before it was because I am a person. Now it is because I am a wolf! I think it is time for us to go, Akela."

A woman – it was Messa – shouted "My son! My son!" as she was running across to the buffalo group.

"They say you are a bad spirit, that you can change yourself to any animal you want. I do not believe that; but go away quickly or they will kill you. I know that you killed the tiger that killed Nathoo. That was good of you."

"Return, Messa!" shouted the people. "Return, or we will throw stones at you too."

Mowgli laughed a short ugly laugh, because a stone hit him on the mouth.

"Return Messa," he said. "Run quickly, because I am going to send the buffalo in to stop them throwing stones. But I want you to know that I am not a bad spirit, Messa. Go well!"

"One more time, Akela," he shouted. "Send the buffalo in."

The buffalo were worried, and wanted to be in the town. They did not need much help from Akela. They started running through the opening in the wall, like a strong wind, separating the people left and right.

"Count them!" Mowgli shouted angrily to the people in the town. "See if I have robbed one of them. Count them because I will look after them no more.

"Be happy, children of people. It is because of Messa that I do not come in with my wolves and run after you, up and down your road!"

He turned and walked away with the big wolf. As he looked up at the stars he was happy.

"No more sleeping in cages for me, Akela. We will get Shere Khan's skin and go away. We will not hurt the town, because Messa was kind to me."

When the moon was up, the town people were able to see Mowgli with two wolves behind him, carrying the tiger skin on his head. He crossed the open land at a slow run that eats the distance like fire eats dry grass.

The people shouted, Messa cried, and Buldo made his story more interesting by saying that Akela was able to stand on his back legs and talk like a person.

“Mowgli with two wolves behind him, carrying the tiger skin on his head.”

The moon was going down when Mowgli and the wolves ended their run at the hill of the Meeting Stones.

But first they stopped at Mother Wolf's hole. "The People were sending me out too, Mother," said Mowgli, "but I come with the skin of Shere Khan." Mother Wolf walked out with her children behind her. She was happy to see the tiger skin.

"On the day when he pushed his head into this hole, wanting to kill you, Little Frog, I said that the killer would be killed," said Mother Wolf proudly. "I am happy that now you have made this come true."

"Little Brother, you did well," said a deep voice in the bushes. "We were sad in the Jungle without you." It was Bagheera running up to Mowgli.

Together they walked to the Meeting Stones. Mowgli put the skin out on the flat stone where Akela would sit when he was the leader, and he pushed four sticks into it to make it stay there. Akela rested on it and shouted the old shout, "Look – look well, Wolves!" as he did when Father Wolf first put Mowgli there.

The Group had no other leader after Akela. From the time that Mowgli had his fight with the Group to the time when Mowgli returned, the wolves had been catching food and fighting at any time and in any way that they liked. But now they answered Akela's shout. Some of them were crippled from falling into cages or from sores they received from guns. Some were losing their hair from eating bad food. Many were not there at all. But all that were alive returned to the Meeting Stones that night. Shere Khan's skin was on the stone for all to see, with his big claws hanging at the end of empty feet.

Mowgli shouted loudly, jumping up and down on the skin. "Look well, Wolves! Did I do what I agreed to do?"

And the wolves answered, "Yes, you did!"

One old sore wolf said, "Lead us again, Akela. Lead us again, Man-child. We are tired of having no Rules.

We want to be the Free Ones again."

"No," answered Bagheera. "It cannot be. When you are full of food, you will become crazy again. There is a reason for your name – Free Ones. You wanted to be without a leader, and from now on, without a leader you will be."

"The People Group and the Wolf Group both wanted me out," said Mowgli. "Now I will catch animals in the Jungle by myself."

"And we will catch with you," said the four brothers. From that time, Mowgli and his four brothers travelled together. 

He was not always without another person, because years later, when he was a man, he married. But that is a story for adults.


Questions for Part 3

If you do not know an answer, you can find it on the page number at the end of the question.

1. How did Mowgli know that the people of the town were afraid of jungle animals? (page 95)

2. What was the priest talking about when he said to Messa, "What the Jungle was taking, the Jungle returns"? (page 96)

3. What did sleeping in a room feel like to Mowgli? (page 98)

4. What did Grey Brother say that Shere Khan was saying he would do to Mowgli when he returned? (page 99)

5. What did Mowgli do at the town meeting to make Buldo angry? (page 102)

6. What job did the people of the town give to Mowgli? (page 104)

7. Grey Brother said that Mowgli did not need to be afraid of Tabaqui helping Shere Khan. How was this true? (page 108)

8. Who helped Mowgli to separate the buffalo into two groups? (page 109)

9. Tell how Mowgli was able to use the buffalo to kill Shere Khan. (page 112)

10. Was Shere Khan more afraid of the male buffalo or of the female buffalo? (page 116)

11. What did Mowgli do to Shere Khan's body after killing him? (pages 117-118)

12. Who tried to take Shere Khan from Mowgli after Mowgli had killed him? (page 118)

13. After Akela jumped on Buldo, what did Buldo think Mowgli was? (page 119)

14. Mowgli was thinking that the people in the town would be happy that he killed Shere Khan. What did they do to show him that they were not happy? (pages 121-123)

15. What stopped Mowgli from using his wolf brothers to hurt the people in the town? (page 123)

16. Where did Mowgli, Grey Brother, and Akela stop before going to the Meeting Stones? (page 124)

17. What did Mowgli do with Shere Khan's skin when they were at the Meeting Stones? (page 124)

18. When Mowgli returned to the Meeting Stones, some wolves asked him and Akela to lead them again. What reason did Bagheera give to show that it would not work? (page 126)


ENDINGS

 You can show more than one of a thing by adding s . 

If it ends in x , s , sh , or ch , you must add es : 

dogs, foxes, buses, dishes, churches 

If one person, animal, or thing is doing the action, you add s or es to the action word.

 digs, fixes, crosses, washes, teaches 

When the word ends in y , change the y to i first. But if there is a vowel (a, e, i, o, or u) before the y , you do not need to change the y .

 babies, boys, monkeys, cries, buys, pays 

You can show more of some qualities by adding er , and you can show the most of some qualities by adding est . For some words you first add another letter like the last letter of the word you started with.

 If the last letter is y change it to i before adding the ending. If the last letter is e do not add another e .

 hard, hard er , hard est
 big, bigg er , bigg est
 easy, eas ier , eas iest
 early, earl ier, earl iest
 blue, blu er , blu est

 You can change some actions to make them name the person or thing that is doing the action by adding er.

 work er , lead er , robb er , kill er , runn er , own er 

You can change some qualities of things to quali- ties of actions by adding ly . If the word ends in y , you change it to i before adding the ending.

 sad ly , easi ly , angri ly , slow ly , cruel ly


LOOK AT SOME OF OUR OTHER BOOKS

All of these books use the same basic word list, adding 50-100 new words with each title. All but one of these books have a small dictionary at the back.

The dictionary includes all new words used in that book plus many other words from the basic word list.

The King's New Clothes  250 words

The Ugly Little Duck  350 words

Book of Good Sayings  500 words

Stories that Teach  600 words

Jungle Book  700 words

Invisible Man  750 words

Robinson Crusoe  800 words

Tom Sawyer  900 words

Walk of Faith  1000 words

Uncle Tom's Cabin  1050 words

Tolstoy's Confession  1100 words

Gandhi's Autobiography, Pt. I  1150 words

Julius Caesar  1200 words

