

This Little Light of Mine
Adventures at Bell Buckle Inn
Book 3

by

Janice Alonso

Copyright © 2021 Janice Alonso
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Welcome to Bell Buckle!
Saturday School
Why Would Robert Thatcher Want to Disappear?
The Pounding
Practice Makes Perfect
Another Case
Let’s Get Started
A Curious Thought
Clues at the Courthouse
People to See
One Busy Week
Comparing Notes
Lesson Two
Mr. Wiley’s House
A Different Approach
Odds and Ends
A New Direction
A Visit to the Post Office
The Smithy Shop
Time to Focus
The Golden Clue
All the Pieces Fit
This Little Light of Mine

Welcome to Bell Buckle!
The sun scaled the morning sky, its rays resting on Winkie’s face. Her eyes popped open and she flung back the quilt. Leaving the cozy warmth of her coverings, she sprang from the bed and her feet slapped against the cold, wooden floor.
Jarred from her deep slumber, Laurel, her ten-month-old Labrador Retriever, sat upright like a soldier ready for battle. She arched her back, lifted her chin, and howled. Then she sprinted to Winkie’s side. The hair on the back of her neck bristled, her eyes blazed, and a throaty growl rumbled in warning.
Leaning over and stroking Laurel’s plump side, Winkie reassured, “It’s okay, girl. I didn’t mean to startle you.” She plopped down beside her and cradled the puppy’s boxy head in her arms. “I’m just excited . . . today is extra special,” she said as she wiggled her feet into her fuzzy bedroom slippers.
Winkie’s mind whirled. Two things, two wonderful things were happening today. First, she was going to take the money she’d saved and buy an e-reader. She had put away money since last summer – money from the moving sale, money from caring for the Lambs’ puppies, and money from winning the scavenger hunt last fall . . . plus her weekly allowance and money that she’d received for Christmas. It had taken many months of being frugal. She’d stopped buying books and started using the library. Which turned out to be a good thing: she discovered she’d be able to download books directly from the library to her e-reader without leaving her house when she finally got her tablet. Yes, today was an extra special day: today all her sacrificing would pay off!
There was a second reason for Winkie bursting in anticipation. Robert Thatcher was moving in next door to Bell Buckle Inn. He had blond hair and the most beautiful eyes Winkie had ever seen. They were blue-violet in color and sparkled with a happiness that rubbed off on everyone he met. His long dark eyelashes curled upward. Aunt Susan said that Winkie had a crush on Mr. Thatcher. Well, maybe she did. Every time she saw him, her face reddened, and she couldn’t think of anything to say that didn’t sound foolish.
Mr. Thatcher had purchased his great-grandparents’ house, a house that had been vacant for over twenty years. With assistance from the Bell Buckle Historical Society, he was now making plans to restore it as well as write the history of the town of Bell Buckle. When not traveling and writing for magazines, he would be working with Winkie’s dad, who was a handyman. Together they would renovate the old Thatcher home.
Mr. Thatcher was supposed to have moved into the house in December. A storm had so damaged the place last fall that he delayed the move for safety reasons, waiting until repairmen patched the roof and replaced the broken windows.
Winkie kissed the top of Laurel’s head, burying her nose in the furry, doggy sweetness. She stood. “C’mon, Laurel.” She slapped her hand against her thigh. “Let’s go!”
As they got to the doorway, Winkie looked at the picture of the field of periwinkles her mom had painted before the car accident. She cast her eyes heavenward and prayed aloud, “I don’t understand why Mama had to die, but thank you, God, that I have so many things to remember her by.”
Then the two raced down the stairs from their bedroom in the attic, past the two floors where the inn housed its guests, and landed in the foyer on the main floor. Winkie could already smell cinnamon-scented yeast rolls mixed with the aroma of coffee brewing in the pot. Citrusy smells of freshly squeezed orange juice and the maple smokiness from frying bacon made Winkie’s stomach grumble with mouthwatering anticipation.
“Morning, Winkie,” greeted Mr. Hardy. “After breakfast, we’ll go get your tablet.” He smiled. “I know how hard you’ve worked and diligent you’ve been about saving your money. I’m proud of you showing so much responsibility and discipline.”
Winkie had worked hard, very hard to save the money. She’d given up treats like buying cookies from Myna’s bakery on her way home from school. There had also been those cute, pink star earrings and that funny-looking emoji stuffed animal. She’d given up using her money on things that brought joy for only a short while and chosen to spend her savings on something that was more expensive but would bring her hours of fun.
“I’ll be back in a jiffy to eat breakfast,” she said.
Winkie snapped the leash on to the new bright red collar Laurel had gotten for Valentine’s Day. Holding on to the handrail with her left hand and an exuberant Laurel’s leash with her right, she eased down the front porch steps. Even with the salt her dad had spread across the brick way leading to the main sidewalk, icy patches threatened a nasty tumble.
Laurel jerked her way toward a nearby hedge of bushes; Winkie’s boots skid, causing her feet to sail out behind her and the leash to fly from her grasp. She rose onto her hands and knees. Winkie lifted her head and spit snow from her mouth. Across the yard, Laurel had found a spot to do her business.
Carefully, Winkie placed one boot on the slick walkway and then she came up higher and slowly brought the other boot beside the first one, brushing off her pants and mittens. Wind whipped around her, and a strand of long blond hair blew free, slapping her cheeks.
“Bad girl, Laurel!” she scolded, her words lost in the sound of the wind.
Winkie collected herself, walked over to Laurel, her boots crunching through the snow. She leaned over and picked up the leash, clamping down for a tighter grip and wrapping it several times around her wrist.
“There,” said Winkie, giving the leash a couple of tugs. “That should keep you from running away.”
Winkie’s ears perked at the sound of an approaching engine. When she looked up, Mr. Thatcher’s blue station wagon was rolling into the driveway. He got out, straightened, and stretched his arms above his head. Then he turned and spotted Winkie. Waving two red, gloved-covered hands, he smiled and yelled out, “Hey, Winkie!” Smoke floated from his mouth as his hot breath met the frigid air.
Just as Winkie raised her hand to wave back, Laurel leaped into the air, barked, and bolted toward their new neighbor.
“Who-o-o-o-a!” wailed Winkie as she once more landed face down in the snow. Fortunately, this time she held tight to the leash with both hands. Unfortunately, she didn’t stay there for long.
Like a rocket, Laurel tore down the middle of Blueberry Lane in Mr. Thatcher’s direction. Winkie strengthened her hold, gliding behind the powerful Lab and feeling like she was on a sleigh ride. Laurel dragged her beside parked, snow-covered cars, over speed bumps, and past the Lambs’ house. Suddenly, Laurel stopped to catch her breath, her beefy sides pumping rapidly in and out. Once more Winkie tried standing, but just as she got her balance, Laurel spun around and zoomed off into Mr. Thatcher’s yard.
As they soared closer to him, Laurel rose to her back paws and slammed her front ones down on Mr. Thatcher’s shoulders. His feet flew out from under him, and he, too, landed in the snow with a loud thud. It was as if time moved into slow motion and a sharp voice broke the frozen silence.
“Are you okay, Robert?” shouted Mr. Hardy running down the front porch steps. Aunt Susan ran next to her brother, and they did not look pleased.
Winkie’s eyes dropped to Mr. Thatcher’s left foot and she immediately felt sick to her stomach. It was lying at an odd angle . . . a very odd angle. Her gaze returned to Mr. Thatcher’s face and she managed a weak smile.
Unable to think of anything better to say, she croaked, “Welcome to Bell Buckle, Mr. Thatcher.”

Saturday School
A couple of hours later, Winkie, her dad, and her aunt gathered at the kitchen table for a reheated breakfast.
“Well, that was one grand way to welcome a new neighbor to Bell Buckle!” Aunt Susan pursed her lips and clanked down a plate and glass in front of Winkie. Then she settled in across from her niece. “When I say our blessing, I’ll be sure to thank God that Mr. Thatcher only has a sprained ankle.” She shook her head from side to side as she placed a napkin in her lap.
Winkie looked down at her breakfast. Somehow the cinnamon rolls didn’t smell quite so cinnamony and the freshly squeezed orange juice didn’t look quite so orangey. And somehow saying, “I’m sorry,” just didn’t seem quite sorry enough.
The three circled the table in cold silence with Laurel safely tucked away behind a gate in the laundry room. After her nightmarish rampage this morning, she had filled her belly and then collapsed into a nap – totally zonked out! The clinking and clacking of forks and knives and the occasional slurp from Mr. Hardy drinking his coffee were the only noises breaking the deafening quiet.
It was Aunt Susan who broke the mood. “This cannot go on . . . Laurel is—”
“Out of control,” interrupted Mr. Hardy between bites of scrambled eggs.
Winkie didn’t utter a word. What could she say? What was there to say?
“We’re just lucky . . .” began her aunt.
“Again,” added her dad.
“That Mr. Thatcher will only need one crutch for a couple of weeks and that no one else was injured,” said Aunt Susan. “When I think of her dragging you down Blueberry Lane . . .” She shuddered, closing her eyes and shaking her shoulders. “What if a car had come along.” She shook her head. “As I said, we’re very fortunate.”
Mr. Hardy wiped his mouth with a napkin. Adjusting his glasses, he directed his gaze at his daughter. “I looked at the Bell Buckle Community Center website. There is a dog obedience class beginning today at 11:00.”
“And it will meet every Saturday for the next few weeks,” said Aunt Susan as she spread a dollop of strawberry preserves across a biscuit.
“That means that instead of buying an e-reader, you’ll be purchasing obedience school lessons for Laurel.” By the look on his face, Winkie knew her dad meant business. “And you’ll have to make time every day after school to work with her between the Saturday classes.”
“Lessons won’t do any good if you don’t re-enforce them at home,” said Aunt Susan.
“We’ll help, too,” added her dad, his voice softening. “But Laurel is your dog and your responsibility.”
Winkie lowered her gaze to the table, she’d barely touched her breakfast. She nodded – she knew just how lucky they’d been.
“Now when Laurel has learned good manners, it will be more pleasant for all of us.” Aunt Susan placed a hand on Winkie’s upper arm. Her lips tugged upward. “And our friends and neighbors.”
Winkie looked up to see her dad glaring at his sister.
Aunt Susan smiled a little bigger, dipped her chin downward, covered her mouth with a hand. “Now that all is well . . .”
“Well?” Winkie’s dad scoffed, “Poor Robert was so eager to get started on setting up his new home, but now he’ll be walking around on a crutch.” Leaning forward and staring directly into his sister’s face, he continued, “I don’t imagine he feels all is well.”
Aunt Susan cleared her throat. “It was kind of funny seeing Laurel dragging you down Blueberry Lane like you were on some sort of comedy show.”
Mr. Hardy grunted his disapproval. “But it WILL NOT HAPPEN again.”
“I understand,” replied Winkie. And she did. Mr. Thatcher could have broken something . . . a hand would have been awful. He needed his hands to write, and writing was how he earned his money. She looked at her dad. “I’ll take Laurel down to the community center and sign her up this morning. And I’ll work with her everyday – she’ll be the best trained dog ever!” Then she added quickly. “I promise!”
Winkie stood and took her dirty breakfast dishes to the sink. Then she walked up the stairs to her bedroom to her dresser. She pulled out the top drawer, lifted the lid of a box, and removed the money she’d need for the lessons.
• • •
“Bummer,” said Lynn Ann as she joined Winkie and Laurel on their way to the community center.
Winkie frowned and kicked a clump of snow with the toe of her boot.
“It’s not bad enough that I don’t get my tablet, but all the time I would have spent reading and playing games, I’ll now have to use working with Laurel,” complained Winkie. Then she remembered Mr. Thatcher and a pain seized her heart. “But at least I didn’t get hurt, and Mr. Thatcher will be able to use his foot again.”
At the mention of her name, Laurel stopped and turned around to face the girls, her tail wagging and her tongue lolling out the side of her mouth.
“Aww,” cooed Lynn Ann. “See that sweet face. She doesn’t like it when you’re mad at her.” She leaned down and kissed the top of Laurel’s head. “You’re sorry. Aren’t you sweet girl?”
“Don’t encourage her,” grumbled Winkie. “Just keep walking, Laurel.”
Lynn Ann gave Laurel’s head one more pat before she rose. Laurel flattened her ears, looked up at Lynn Ann, and whimpered sadly. Then she turned around and ambled slowly down the sidewalk.
Soon the glum threesome arrived at Pioneer Park. The community center sat in the far corner, next to a thicket of trees that led into the woods and down to a stream. Around the complex were tennis and basketball courts, and fields for soccer, baseball, and volleyball. There was also a huge pool where the Bell Buckle Swim Team practiced and held its meets.
Lynn Ann opened the double glass doors for Winkie and Laurel to go in first. Winkie walked over to the bulletin board that listed the classes and their times and room numbers.
“Here we go,” said Winkie tapping the board with a finger. “Dog Obedience, Level One – Gymnasium.” She looked at her friend. “That’s us.”
“Let’s go,” said Lynn Ann.
They entered the gym. While Winkie went to the registration desk and filled out the paperwork, Lynn Ann sat on the bleachers holding Laurel’s leash firmly with both hands. After she’d paid the required fees, Winkie joined them on the bench.
Lynn Ann smiled. “You’re lucky to have Laurel. She’s a good girl, really. She doesn’t mean to cause trouble. She’s just so big and energetic.”
That was true enough. At less than a year, she’d passed seventy-five pounds, and it looked like she’d take after her dad who’d weighed in at one hundred and forty pounds.
“I don’t feel so lucky right now,” admitted Winkie. “I’ll have to start saving up all over again. It’ll be summer before I can think about earning more money for another tablet.”
“But Laurel’s worth it.” Lynn Ann patted Laurel’s head. “She gives you way more fun than any old tablet ever can.”
Winkie’s heart tugged. She leaned over and rubbed Laurel’s side. “She does,” she admitted. “And, I do love her with all my heart. I just wish she weren’t so rambunctious.”
“That’s why we’re here,” Lynn Ann reminded her.
Loud static from the microphone pierced the air. People covered their ears and trained their attention toward the speaker standing at the front of the gym.
“Welcome to The Well-Mannered Dog,” announced a woman dressed in blue jeans and an oversized sweatshirt.
Winkie leaned over to Lynn Ann and put a hand to her mouth, “Look, it’s Mrs. Pace. I didn’t know she taught dog obedience classes.”
Louise Pace was a fire fighter. Her husband, Gerald, worked in security for a large company and was often gone for long periods of time. They had two daughters in high school and a son in college.
Lynn Ann nodded and whispered back, “She volunteers for the Bell Buckle Animal Rescue.”
“Our philosophy in this class, is that there are no bad dogs, just disobedient ones,” Mrs. Pace began. Her voice was steady and firm.
Several people smiled and nodded.
“And disobedient dogs mean that their owners have been negligent in training them,” continued Mrs. Pace. She moved her gaze around the room, taking in each person’s face, and leaving no doubt who the guilty parties were.
People shifted in their seats as smiles slid from their faces, and their eyes avoided their instructor’s accusations.
“So, in this class, I will focus on training you, and you will focus on training your dog.”
At that instant, a baby Basset Hound leaped from its owner’s arms and ran to the front of the room and onto the stage with the podium where Mrs. Pace stood talking.
“Rags!” shouted a man Winkie assumed was the owner. He raced behind the Basset. He ran bent at the waist, clapping his hands furiously as he tried to catch his four-legged escapee.
As Winkie looked on to see what would happen, Laurel leaped up, barked, and broke free of Winkie’s grasp, following Rags’s example and ready for playtime. The two puppies wrapped their bodies around each other and tumbled to the floor, becoming a furry, roly-poly ball of legs and yippy barks.
“Laurel!” yelled Winkie, bounding to her feet and running to join Rags’s owner on the stage.
Mrs. Pace did not look happy as she took a few steps backward and peered down at her two new students, but when she lifted her eyes to the dogs’ owners, her look dissolved into one of total disbelief.
Mrs. Pace returned to the podium and brought the microphone closer to her mouth, speaking loudly and slowly, “Rule number one – owners need to keep their dogs fully under control at all times!” She pronounced each word clearly so there’d be no question about why they were there and who was responsible for these unruly dogs.

Why Would Robert Thatcher Want to Disappear?
Later that afternoon, Winkie walked down the stairs and into the den. She could smell the smoky wood from the fire as it snapped and popped. Her aunt was working on a crossword puzzle, her shoulders draped with a purple knitted shawl. Her dad was reading the newest spy novel from his favorite author and sipping from a mug of coffee.
“I’ve finished cleaning my room and worked with Laurel on the first lesson Mrs. Pace gave us. May I go over and help Mr. Thatcher?”
“Of course, I’m sure he’d appreciate an extra set of hands,” said Aunt Susan.
“He’d probably appreciate having his old leg back much more,” mumbled Mr. Hardy, not looking up.
Rolling her eyes at her brother, Aunt Susan continued, “Everyone wants to help Robert get settled. Blueberry Lane is giving him a ‘pounding’ tomorrow night.”
“A pounding!” exclaimed Mr. Hardy. His head shot up from his book and a splash of coffee splattered his blue flannel shirt. He grabbed a napkin and dabbed at the wet spot. “That sounds like we’re all showing up to give him a beating! Hasn’t this poor man gone through enough?”
“No, no, no!” Aunt Susan laughed. “A pounding is a Southern tradition where a community throws a welcoming party for newcomers, and everyone brings things to help the family set up their home. Neighbors bring a pound of this and a pound of that as housewarming gifts.”
“Oh, like a pound of nails or a pound of flour,” said Mr. Hardy.
“Or a pound of coffee and a pound of soap,” added his sister.
“I get it,” said Winkie. “It helps the family fill their house with the basic things needed to start living there.”
“Right,” said Aunt Susan. “Long ago, family and friends gave newlyweds Pounding Parties.”
Winkie smiled and said, “I’ll have to think of something extra special to give Mr. Thatcher.” She frowned. “So far I’ve only brought him trouble.” Her cheeks flamed just thinking about yesterday’s fiasco.
Mr. Hardy smiled. “That was awful, but I think all is forgiven, and he will be back to normal in a couple of weeks. While you were at the class and Robert was at the clinic, a group of us helped him get everything out of his car – he fell before his could start on bringing in his belongings.”
“By the way, speaking of class,” said Aunt Susan. “How was Laurel’s first obedience lesson?”
“Yeah, I heard Louise Pace is the instructor,” said Mr. Hardy.
Winkie’s first impulse was to say that everything was fine, but instead she confessed, “Not so great.” Then she related the second fiasco of the day.
“I’m sure Louise has seen worse,” consoled Aunt Susan. “She is so good with animals. Fortunately, we don’t have many fires in Bell Buckle, but we do have lots of runaway pets and the occasional wild animal that gets sidetracked into people’s backyards. I’m sure she’ll have those two terrors behaving like little angels before too long.”
Winkie gazed upward. “Please give me patience.”
“And strength, too, dear Lord.” Aunt Susan returned to her crossword puzzle. “You’re going to need it with a big girl like Laurel.”
“For now, I’ll go see if I can help Mr. Thatcher unpack and arrange the things you and your friends unloaded from his car,” said Winkie.
• • •
The roaring wind practically blew Winkie inside the front door. She shoved it closed with her shoulder.
“Thank goodness, everything was unloaded from the car before that wind picked up,” huffed Mr. Thatcher. Using his crutch, he pushed a container into an empty space next to the bookshelf.
Winkie walked over to a box and lifted it up. Peeking from around its corner, she asked, “Where do you want me to put this one?” Its top flaps were pulled back and Winkie could see it was filled with papers and notebooks.
“Over there,” he said, extending an arm and pointing to the far corner of the dining room. “That box is filled with my writing supplies – paper clips, sticky notes, all the things I use when I’m working. I’m making the dining room my temporary office. I’m putting all the Bell Buckle materials in there along with my computer and printer.”
Winkie moved to the designated spot and set down her load. She looked around: Mr. Thatcher’s car had been loaded down with plastic bins and cardboard boxes. Adding those to the ones filled with things for his writing project for the Historical Society left barely any space for walking from one room to another.
The dining room was a spacious, rectangular area. The ornate chandelier held tiny bulbs, but together they cast a full light around the workspace. Underneath the overhead lamp, he’d set up a small, square table. There was just enough room for his laptop and a printer.
The room was on the front of the house and had a row of windows across one wall. From here, Mr. Thatcher could see up and down Blueberry Lane. Right now, all he could see were leafless trees and banks of piled-up snow. But in a few weeks, with the coming of spring, everything would be in bloom.
Hobbling over to a roll top desk in the living room, Mr. Thatcher said, “I’m going to restore this desk first thing.” He ran a hand over its scratched and chipped top. “I’m doing the work myself. It belonged to my great-grandfather.” He looked around as he continued, “I’ll be living down here on the main floor until I get the upstairs repaired.”
“I thought you hired someone to repair the roof and broken windows,” said Winkie. “Last fall.”
“I did,” agreed Mr. Thatcher, nodding his head. “But it takes more than fixing a roof and windows to make the upstairs livable.” He stood and faced Winkie. “Like heat and water.”
Winkie laughed. “Heat and water would be important.”
“I’ve had both turned off except on this floor until I can get an electrician and plumber over.”
Winkie looked around. “Where are you going to sleep?” Right now, she saw only the roll top desk, a bookshelf, and a small eating table with one chair. There was, however, warm heat radiating from the fire in the stone fireplace in the corner of the living room.
“A department store is delivering a sleeper sofa, coffee table, and two end tables later today,” answered Mr. Thatcher. “ My friend Lilly is bringing up a few other things from my apartment in Atlanta. Her brother has a truck with an oversized flatbed in the rear. I couldn’t fit everything I own into my station wagon, so he offered his truck.” He smiled. “She should be here in a few minutes and can help with what the department store brings.” He looked into Winkie’s sad eyes. “I’ll be fine . . . honest.”
“Well, while I’m here, why don’t I help you start unpacking the boxes and then take them outside for recycling. That’ll give you more room to walk around inside and for your furniture that’s going to be delivered.”
Mr. Thatcher shook his head no. “You’ve been a huge help, but I need to think about how I’m going to organize all my stuff until the upstairs is finished. And, Lilly has agreed to help me with that, too,” He smiled, his dimples sinking deeper into his cheeks. “But in a few days, once I get settled, I’ll need Lynn Ann and your help big time.”
Winkie’s heart thumped faster. Mr. Thatcher had mentioned he wanted to hire their detective services last fall, but she’d thought perhaps he was just kidding. Or, maybe he was just trying to be nice. “To find out what happened to your great-grandfather?” she asked hopefully.
“Yes, remember he disappeared in 1883; yet, my great-grandmother Carrie left a candle burning in the window waiting for him to return.” He shrugged his shoulders. “That is what the legend says anyway.” He crooked his fingers like quotations marks as he said the word “legend.” Mr. Thatcher’s face dropped into a frown. “But he never returned.”
I wonder why, thought Winkie, would a man leave his new wife, whom he loved dearly? Why would he leave a home that he’d lived in for less than a year?
From the reputation he left behind, Robert Thatcher of the 1800’s was admired by everyone in Bell Buckle. He’d been a blacksmith by trade, helping those who could pay and those who couldn’t shoe their horses and repair metal household items and farm equipment. He was also a silversmith. He’d created picture frames, serving pieces, and a little jewelry. But then on Halloween night of 1883, he’d simply left without explanation . . . abandoning his pregnant wife. Or, so it seemed. Everyone changed from praising Robert Thatcher’s talents and generosity to criticizing him for being irresponsible and neglectful of his family. His wife Carrie remained loyal and stayed in the house until her death, this house their great-grandson was now restoring.
“I wonder why,” Winkie said aloud this time. “Why would your great-grandfather leave?”
“Now that’s the mystery I want you to solve!” said Mr. Thatcher. Then he sighed and added. “It’s a mystery many people in the town of Bell Buckle would like to know the answer to.”

The Pounding
Sunday afternoon the residents of Blueberry Lane and many other people from town, gathered in Mr. Thatcher’s downstairs area. There was a living room, dining room, kitchen, and a bathroom on this level. One of the members of the Historical Society told a brief story about the house Robert Thatcher bought.
“We are so blessed to have Robert and Carrie Thatcher’s great-grandson as a new neighbor,” she said.
Winkie looked around as the woman spoke. She already knew the history behind the Thatcher House. The house had been built in the 1800’s and Robert and Carrie had moved in the summer of 1883. Then, for no apparent reason, on Halloween night of that same year, Robert disappeared, leaving his wife who was expecting their first and only child. Carrie had remained in the house until she died. The child was named Jackson.
Jackson Thatcher had two children: Steve and Jewel. Steve had three children: Robert, Jr., who now owned the house, and his two older sisters Mary and Sue. His Aunt Jewel never married and was living with her grandmother Carrie at the time of her death. Then Jewel remained in the house alone until she passed on many years later. As a child, Mr. Thatcher had visited his aunt during the summers. It was those summers that had captured his heart and made him long to return to Bell Buckle to make the town his permanent home. The house had stayed empty after his Aunt Jewel’s death, with the original furniture remaining in place for all those years. After Mr. Thatcher bought the house in December, that furniture had been moved until it could be restored. In the meantime, their new neighbor brought what he had from his apartment.
An explosion of applause interrupted Winkie’s musings.
“Hey! What are you so deep in thought about?”
Winkie turned to see Lynn Ann, who was munching her way through an oatmeal cookie.
“Trying to remember what the old furniture looked like,” said Winkie. “I heard Mr. and Mrs. Littlejohn offered their barn to store everything until the house repairs are finished.”
“Mr. Wiley said he could repair and refinish most of the wooden pieces,” said Lynn Ann, brushing cookie crumbs from her sweater. “And, there’s a place not too far from here that recovers sofas and chairs.”
“May I have your attention?” Aunt Susan clapped her hands as her eyes scanned the group of guests. “For just a few minutes, please. And then we’ll line up for this delicious, covered dish supper provided by all you!”
The talking stopped and Mr. Thatcher walked up beside Aunt Susan. His face flushed and his head dipped downward, revealing his discomfort at being the center of attention.
“You all are just too kind . . . too generous . . .”
Mr. Thatcher’s eyes blurred as he tried to think of something to say, something to express his gratitude. He looked at the counters. They were piled high with everything he would need to stock his kitchen: cereal, grits, coffee, tea, sugar, butter . . . all the essentials for a well-stocked pantry.
“I’ll have enough food to last me until Christmas,” he said, chuckling softly, trying to find the words to express just how appreciative he was.
Aunt Susan smiled. “But remember, Robert, you’re always welcome to join us for dinner at the inn.”
Mr. Hardy laughed and put an arm around his sister. “Susan always makes enough for unexpected drop-ins.”
“I’m not much of a cook, so I’ll be taking you up on that offer, Susan. I know what a great cook you are firsthand.” Mr. Thatcher joked. He had stayed at the Bell Buckle Inn for a week before he bought the house. He stopped and sighed. “Really, I don’t know what to say,” he stammered.
“Say it in writing, Robert!” said Junior Conway, Lynn Ann’s dad.
“Yes,” agreed Fred Lamb. “Write the story of Bell Buckle – the town with the biggest heart.”
Mr. Thatcher beamed. “It will be my pleasure. I’m starting first thing tomorrow morning.”
After a blessing, people filed into the buffet line. Soon everyone was chatting in small groups. Winkie made her way over to Mr. Thatcher. She extended a thick spiral notebook. “I didn’t get you anything for your kitchen.”
He smiled down at her. “A pound of paper. It’s perfect.” He held up the notebook. “I’ll need all this and more while I’m taking notes about Bell Buckle’s history.”
He motioned for Lynn Ann to come over. She broke away from the group she was in and walked over to join him and Winkie. Then he placed a hand on Lynn Ann’s shoulder and faced Winkie. “Did you tell Lynn Ann I’m ready to hire your investigative services?”
She nodded.
“I can only pay a little,” he apologized.
“But you don’t have to pay us at all!” protested Winkie.
“Winkie’s right!” exclaimed Lynn Ann.
Mr. Thatcher’s face became serious as he looked at Winkie. “I heard through the grapevine you have to start over saving for your tablet.” Then the beginning of a smile formed. “I also heard that Laurel seems to have found a partner in crime.” The smile grew and creased his face and his eyes gleamed in merriment.
Winkie’s cheeks burned a hot red. “You heard about that?”
“I think the whole town heard about Laurel and Rags,” moaned Lynn Ann.
“What I pay . . . it won’t be much, but perhaps it will get you started,” said Mr. Thatcher.
After more protests, the girls finally agreed.
“Whatever you pay us, I promise you’ll get your money’s worth,” assured Lynn Ann.
“I’m not worried in the least,” he replied. “When you’re ready, why don’t you stop by for the boxes I’ve set aside for you.” He extended his arm while he balanced on the crutch. “They’re over there under the window next to the fireplace.”
Lynn Ann and Winkie walked from the dining room in the direction of the boxes Mr. Thatcher had pointed to. The girls crouched down.
“There are only two boxes,” whispered Lynn Ann.
Winkie grimaced. “That’s not going to be much to start our investigation.”
Lynn Ann lifted the flaps of one box and peeked inside, a musty smell escaped and tickled her nose. “Achoo!”
“Lynn Ann,” called her mother from the kitchen over the voices of people enjoying well-needed fellowship after the long winter months of being shut indoors. “Do you need your inhaler?”
“I’m fine. Some dust just got up my nose,” she answered. Then she said to Winkie as she moved around some of the things on top, “There’s a Bible, some loose papers, and some newspapers.”
Winkie reached inside the second box and removed a painting. “This is a portrait of Robert Thatcher.”
“I remember when we found it,” said Lynn Ann. “Carrie painted it.”
Winkie continued to sort through the second box. “There are more old newspapers, and . . .” She grabbed her friend’s hand. “A journal.” She opened it to the first page. “It’s a diary that belonged to Carrie.”
“Let me see,” said Lynn Ann, holding out her hand. She flipped a few pages and then looked at Winkie. “There’s no telling what we’ll find in here!”
Winkie could barely contain her excitement. “There’s no telling what we are going to discover . . .”
Winkie ran her hands across the top of the box. “Oh, what an adventure we have in store for us!”

Practice Makes Perfect
“Sit,” said Winkie.
Laurel whimpered and swayed quickly from paw to paw, her nails clicking against the wooden floor.
“Sit,” repeated Winkie, this time more firmly.
Laurel stood still as a statue and whined louder.
Leaning over and staring straight into Laurel’s black eyes, Winkie spoke calmly but slowly. “Sit.” Then she pushed Laurel’s backside to the floor.
But Laurel didn’t want to sit. She wanted to play. She spun around in a circle, leaped into the air, and shot over to her toy basket. Digging her nose deep into the array of playthings, she came out with the little frog that Winkie had given her, her first toy. Her large paws padded her way back to Winkie and dropped it at her feet, her tail wagging in anticipation of a game of tug-of-war. She yipped and danced excitedly, awaiting a game of go-fetch.
But, as cute as Laurel was, Winkie knew how easily she could be distracted from her lessons. And, if she lost focus, so would Laurel. Although, she did agree with Laurel, playing was definitely more fun than schoolwork!
Winkie took the frog and placed him on her bed. “Not now,” she scolded mildly. She focused her attention on Laurel, but Laurel’s attention remained on the frog.
For the next fifteen minutes the two practiced the first lesson of the obedience class. They had worked for fifteen minutes on Saturday and Sunday. And today, Laurel hadn’t made any progress whatsoever. At this rate, thought Winkie, we’ll still be learning to sit while the other dogs are retrieving and playing hide and seek.
Winkie cleared her throat. Taking a deep breath, she said for what seemed like the hundredth time, “Sit.”
Laurel lifted her chin and barked. Then she jumped on the bed, grabbed the frog, and zoomed out of the bedroom
“Bad girl!” screamed Winkie. “You come back here right this instant!” She flew in hot pursuit after Laurel, stopping as she skid into her aunt’s office. Laurel hid behind Aunt Susan’s chair, the puppy’s backside in full view.
Peering over her shoulder, Aunt Susan pursed her lips and looked at Winkie. “Not going too well, huh?”
Winkie shook her head no. “I guess it’s me,” she said. “I must not be a good teacher. Laurel is smart. When I tell her to get her leash or a certain toy, she knows what I’m saying.” She sighed. “And I’m doing exactly what the instructions say. It’s got to be me . . . I’m doing something wrong.”
“Not necessarily,” said Aunt Susan. “Maybe it’s not you, but the way you are looking at the lesson.”
“But I’ve read it word-for-word.”
Winkie got the sheet of paper with the written explanation for lesson one that Mrs. Pace had given the class. She handed the instructions to her aunt. Adjusting her glasses, Aunt Susan read. She lay the paper on her desk and removed her glasses, pinching the bridge of her nose with her thumb and forefinger.
“Winkie, dear,” began Aunt Susan, “I think you’ve worked very hard for today, but maybe you should take a break.” She looked to Laurel. “I think you and Laurel both need a break. Why don’t you take her for a walk? Get a breath of fresh air. It’ll do you both good.”
That did sound like a better idea, thought Winkie. A much better idea.
Soon Winkie and Laurel were making their way down Blueberry Lane. The snow spread a landscape of white, and the sky stood in a bright contrast of a deep blue. While it was still cold, the sun beamed brightly overhead. Its rays glistened on the snow, making it appear that glitter had been sprinkled over everyone’s yard. But in two weeks, it would be Easter. Spring was finally on its way.
Mrs. Lamb’s brightly colored pansies trembled in the soft frosty breeze, their presence bringing a cheerfulness and lifting the frustration from their lesson. And if Laurel’s prancing and tugging were any indication, she, too, was happy to be away from the confines of the house. Winkie’s heart warmed at the delight Laurel took in her walks and the times they romped and played. With her head held high, the little student pulled her teacher along. Gripping the leash with both hands, it was all Winkie could do to keep up with Laurel.
Yes, Laurel desperately needed discipline. Unchecked, her behavior could be dangerous. Laurel’s parents were large Labradors. Her mom had weighed one hundred and twenty pounds and her dad one hundred forty. And the way she was growing now, Laurel looked as if she would be taking after her dad.
As they made their way back home, Mr. Thatcher opened his front door. “Winkie,” he called. “Have you got a few minutes?”
“Sure,” she called, “Let me take Laurel home and I’ll be back in a jiffy.”
Soon, Winkie was knocking on Mr. Thatcher’s front door. He opened it and she followed him into his house.
“I was organizing my desk when I came upon this box that Carol gave me when I bought the place.” Carol Nash was the relator who sold the house to Mr. Thatcher. “She stored these things in her basement when she was spiffing up this place to make it presentable to sell.”
Winkie trailed behind Mr. Thatcher as he limped his way through the living room into the dining room where he had set up his make-shift office. He leaned over a box and said, “I don’t know what all is in here, and there doesn’t appear to be any order to it. Put it there with the other two boxes.”
Winkie lifted the box, carried it into the living room, and set it next to the others. “When can Lynn Ann and I pick these up?” she asked.
“Why don’t you two drop by tomorrow after school and pick them up. You can look through them at your house.” He straightened. “No rush,” he said. “I know you have schoolwork and training classes for Laurel, so just when you have some extra time would be fine.”
Winkie’s pulse quickened . . . she couldn’t wait to find out what secrets lay inside these boxes. “Oh, I have plenty of time,” she said. “We’ll be here right after I finish with Laurel’s lessons.”
Mr. Thatcher smiled. “By the way, how is Laurel doing?” he asked.
“Not too well, I’m afraid,” said Winkie. “But we’ll just keep trying,” she answered aloud, but she prayed silently for more progress . . . soon.
“I know what you mean,” he said. “Sometimes when I’m writing an article, I work and work, but just can’t get it right.”
“Really?” asked Winkie. “But writing seems to come so easy for you.” After she’d found out that their neighbor was a writer, she’d searched online and found some articles he’d written. Mr. Thatcher mostly wrote articles for travel magazines, but she also found some inspirational pieces he’d written for Christian publications.
“No, some people believe that writers simply sit down and ideas flow from their minds into a story.” He smiled. “I wish that were true, but unfortunately, it isn’t. It takes much work and planning. And it starts with inspiration from God.”
Winkie nodded. “Perhaps if I began our lessons with a prayer and a request for patience, I might be more successful.”
“Well, they do say that ‘Practice makes perfect,’” said Mr. Thatcher. “And Proverbs 25:5 tells us that it is through patience a ruler can be broken and a gentle tongue can break bones. I hope that’s true because I’m certainly going to get plenty of practice in the months to come!”
Winkie laughed. “I don’t want to break any bones, but maybe a gentle tongue instead of screaming words might make Laurel a better listener.”
She looked at the mounds of papers stacked on the floor beside his computer. “Are all these for your book?”
He nodded. “Mrs. Callahan found more things in the attic at the Historical Society.” He crooked a finger and motioned for Winkie to walk with him to the wall. There were boxes stacked on top of boxes.
“And these too!” exclaimed Winkie.
“Those too,” confirmed Mr. Thatcher. “I have a lot of material to include in The History of Bell Buckle, Georgia book.” His shoulders slumped. “People keep dropping off all sorts of memorabilia.”
Winkie gulped. Suddenly, teaching Laurel to sit didn’t seem so overwhelming.

Another Case
After school the following day, Winkie and Lynn Ann ran to Mr. Thatcher’s house. The wind pushed behind their backs, propelling them faster. They hadn’t been able to concentrate all day in their classes. Thoughts of another case stormed through their minds! Racing up the sidewalk to Mr. Thatcher’s front steps, they climbed their way to the porch. Winkie lifted the heavy iron knocker and rapped it sharply against the door.
“The door isn’t locked,” came a shout from inside. “Come on in . . . get out of that cold!”
The girls entered and looked around. Mr. Thatcher had placed the sleeper sofa the department store had delivered in one corner. On a small stand across from it, he set up his television. But mostly there were boxes . . . rows and rows of cardboard boxes. Some were taped shut while others had their contents spilling over the sides.
Winkie turned to Lynn Ann. “Can you believe what all Mrs. Callahan brought over that the historical society has collected over the years?” she said.
Mr. Thatcher sat hunched over his computer in the dining room. He stood, grabbed his crutch, and hobbled into the living room to meet the girls.
“Would you like something to drink?” he asked. “Or cookies?” He smiled. “It seems the only thing the residents of Bell Buckle enjoy more than collecting keepsakes is baking desserts.”
Lynn Ann shook her head in dismay as she looked around at the boxes, and then she trailed behind Winkie and Mr. Thatcher as they went into the kitchen. Platters of cookies, brownies, cakes, pies, breads . . . every sweet you could imagine filled the counters.
“I’m glad you’re here!” he said. “You can help me decide which ones to eat and then I can freeze the rest.” He blushed. “I would take them to the fire or police departments, but I’m afraid people might get their feelings hurt if I gave away what they made for me.”
The girls understood his dilemma. Each selected a couple of small cookies and asked for milk. As they ate their treats, they followed Mr. Thatcher back to the living room.
He pointed to a set of boxes off to the side. “These two are yours. I added the things from the box Carol Nash brought so you’d only have to deal with two boxes.” He smiled. “But knowing how you girls love an adventure, there are mounds of things in the blacksmith shop out back. I know you can’t wait to poke around in there, as well.” He leaned in closer. “No telling what you might discover.” He winked and then straightened.
Winkie looked at Lynn Ann who shuddered at the memory of a horrifying experience they’d had last fall in that shed.
“Yeah,” croaked Lynn Ann. “No telling.” She forced out a cheerful laugh.
“Those papers are all the things I have come across in my house about the Thatcher family so far. I added them to the boxes I showed you on Sunday. I’m sure I’ll dig up more.” He laughed. “I might find something you’d like to see in one of those boxes from the Historical Society. People around here seem to save everything.”
The girls agreed.
“Looks like Bell Buckle may not be only a town with a big heart, but a sentimental heart as well,” said Lynn Ann.
Mr. Thatcher nodded. “There are letters, newspaper clippings, a Bible, and a journal – anything I found that my great-grandmother Carrie had written or saved. I only found a couple of things about Robert. Mostly records of things he had bought or sold before he disappeared.” He ran his fingers through his hair. “After Carrie died, Aunt Jewel took everything she gathered and put it in the attic of this house.”
“Your Aunt Jewel is the one who lived with and took care of your great-grandmother, isn’t she?” asked Winkie.
“That’s right,” he said. “She never married; and, my dad was always busy, first with school and later his work. Then he got married and he was busy with our family.”
“Didn’t you used to visit your aunt in the summers?” asked Lynn Ann.
“I did, every summer until she died, and then my dad closed up the house.” Mr. Thatcher’s eyes misted over. “I love this place. I’m so happy the town has given me the opportunity to restore our family’s home and chosen me to write Bell Buckle’s history.” He shook his head slowly. “I just hope I’m not in over my head.” He pointed to all the boxes filling up the downstairs area. “That is just the beginning of what I am going to research before I write the first word.” His shoulders slumped. “And I need to restore this house.”
“I know you’ll do a great job, Mr. Thatcher.” Lynn Ann smiled. “Because you have a heart for it.”
“I have faith in you. We all have faith in you,” added Winkie.
“Thanks for your votes of confidence,” he said. “And I have faith in the two of you . . . I won’t have any time to find out what happened to great-granddad. I need you!” He shook his head sadly. “I believe he must have had a very good reason for leaving and not returning.”
Mr. Thatcher looked closer at the two girls. “All these papers I’ve collected about my great-grandparents are just thrown together. You’ll need sort them into some kind of order.”
“And that will just be the first step,” said Winkie. “Once we’ve sorted and taken notes, we’ll need to question people in Bell Buckle.”
Lynn Ann nodded. “They may have stories they’ve heard that might help us find out what happened to your great-grandfather.”
“Like Mr. Wiley . . . he’s retired from the post office . . . he was a postman for fifty years!” Winkie’s voice rose. “I bet he knows lots of stories!”
Mr. Thatcher laughed. “I remember Abraham Wiley when I was a little boy about your age. Back then the people of Bell Buckle had their mailboxes nailed beside their front door. The carriers had a route and carried a big satchel on their backs and walked door-to-door to deliver all the letters and packages.”
“Really? Boy, things were different back then!” said Winkie.
“I think Mr. Wiley’s dad was a postman, too,” said Lynn Ann. “Remember, Winkie, when he was showing us his stamp collection last fall?”
Winkie’s head bobbed up and down in agreement.
Mr. Thatcher snapped his fingers. “Mr. Wiley’s grandparents were Ezekiel and Fannie. They were very good friends with my great-grandparents.”
“Then we’ll definitely have to talk to Mr. Wiley,” said Winkie. She added, “Lynn Ann is great on the computer and she can search your great-grandfather to see if anything else shows up.”
“What about records from the courthouse?” said Lynn Ann.
“And the police department’s files,” interrupted Winkie. “Sheriff Watson will be happy to help us with those.”
Mr. Thatcher nodded and pointed a finger toward the girls. “You might find some sort of a report on great-granddad’s disappearance at the Sheriff’s Department.”
Winkie’s eyes lit up. “Like a missing person report they file nowadays.”
“Great idea!” exclaimed Lynn Ann.
“We make a great team,” said Winkie.
“Three heads are better than one,” said Mr. Thatcher. “When you’ve solved this case, maybe you can help me tackle my stack of papers.”
“Any time,” volunteered Lynn Ann while Winkie dreamed about all the mysteries that might be hidden in the multitude of boxes.
Mr. Thatcher smiled. “You girls have made me feel much better. I was getting discouraged thinking about everything I had to do.”
“You don’t need to worry about anything,” said Lynn Ann. “We’ll do our job.”
“So that you can do yours!” said Winkie.

Let’s Get Started
While Winkie practiced with Laurel on her lesson, Lynn Ann lugged the boxes up to Winkie’s room. She wanted to begin sorting the contents of each box. From what they’d been able to tell at Mr. Thatcher’s house earlier, things had just been thrown in a willy-nilly fashion into each box.
Winkie tried to remain patient with Laurel, but even beginning with a prayer didn’t seem to have made Laurel any smarter or better behaved . . . or given herself more patience. She still didn’t have a clue what she was supposed to do when told, “Sit.” Laurel wasn’t interested. Plain and simple. She only wanted to play.
At the end of the fifteen minutes, Winkie hugged and praised Laurel, telling her what a good girl she was. Then she threw a ball several times for her to fetch. After all, Laurel wasn’t a bad dog; she was just a playful one. Winkie needed to find a way to make her understand good behavior, and that would begin with learning how to sit. Right now, that seemed like a huge mountain of faith to climb.
When Winkie finally made her way to her room, Lynn Ann was sitting on the floor with the contents from the boxes spread in disarray around her. Her eyes widened. “Oh, my gosh!”
Looking up, Lynn Ann said, “Where do we begin?” She sighed. “There’s just so much . . .”
“So much stuff!” Winkie plopped down on the floor across from her friend. She thought teaching Laurel to sit was going to be time consuming; it would take forever to go through all these things.
“It didn’t look like much when everything was in the two boxes, but when I laid it all out,” said Lynn Ann, spreading her arms wide. “It seemed to keep growing!”
It was true. There were scraps of papers with short notes scrawled on them, and then there were long passages that someone had carefully recorded in perfect penmanship. Add the cards and letters to the assortment and it was overwhelming.
Lynn Ann picked up the journal. “This belonged to Carrie.” She thumbed through the pages. “Hmm, and Jewel began adding to it later. At least this is already together – in some sort of organized fashion.” Then she pointed to a pile of yellowed sheets stacked in front of Winkie. “Those are just bundled together.”
Winkie’s shoulders slumped. “And then there’s the newspapers.”
“Not just newspapers,” said Lynn Ann. She dug to the bottom of the box, removing a stack of brittle papers.
“What are those?” asked Winkie.
“Carrie saved a lot of issues of The Bell Buckle Gazette,” answered Lynn Ann. “Boy, she sure saved a lot of them. Here’s one from February 1887. Her eyes moved across the headline. “February 2, 1887 was the first Groundhog’s Day in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania.”
“I remember studying about that last fall in history class,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann picked up another issue. “There’s national and local news. Here’s one from November 1884.” She laughed. “And someone stole a turkey from Elijah Martin’s farm here in Bell Buckle.”
“Well, it was close to Thanksgiving,” said Winkie. She turned over the sheet. “Look at the back, Lynn Ann, there are wedding and birth announcements, and obituaries.”
“And advertisements and want ads,” said Lynn Ann as she scanned another issue.
Winkie’s eyes lit up. “These are going to be fun to read.”
Lynn Ann brought out more of the Gazettes. “But it’s going to take hours and hours to go through all this before we even know who we need to talk to and what questions we should ask them,” said Lynn Ann.
“And we’ve got schoolwork, too!” Winkie rolled her eyes.
“And you have Laurel,” Lynn Ann reminded Winkie. “And speaking of Laurel, how was her lesson today?”
“Not too good, I’m afraid,” admitted Winkie. She shook her head in defeat.
Lynn Ann sat back and smiled. “She’ll get it . . . sooner or later . . . I just know she will. Right now, this is all new to her, and she just doesn’t understand.”
“Let’s pray it’s sooner,” said Winkie.
“Didn’t Mrs. Pace give the class her phone number and say to please call if you needed extra help?” asked Lynn Ann.
Winkie nodded.
“Call her,” said Lynn Ann. “After all, we’re not going to be able to do our best job on this without help. Why wouldn’t you ask Mrs. Pace for help with Laurel?”
“You’re right,” admitted Winkie. “I’ll call her tonight after supper,” she promised.
The girls looked once again at the chaos of papers between them.
They exchanged looks and said in unison, “We need help.”
“Lots of help,” wailed Winkie. “But right now, we don’t know what kind of help.”
“True,” said Lynn Ann. “What a jumble.”
“We have to come up with some sort of a plan, a system to organize this jumble,” said Winkie.
“Why don’t we start by putting everything into groups,” suggested Lynn Ann. She pointed to an open space. “Put the journal and the Bible in a stack by themselves.”
“And the newspapers here,” said Winkie.
“And the loose papers here,” said Lynn Ann.
“Then any leftover things like this,” said Winkie. She held up a pencil holder with “To the best friend in the world. Love, Ida.” She put the pencil holder in another area. “We’ll place here.”
They spent the next half hour putting things into proper stacks, trying to group things that seemed to go together.
Lynn Ann shook her head. “Now what?”
“Let’s each take a pile and try to put them in order by date,” said Winkie. “I’ll take the newspapers and put them in order, and I’ll take the journal, too.”
“I’ll take the Bible and the loose papers,” said Lynn Ann. “We’ll leave this other group until we’ve organized the other piles.”
Winkie nodded. “Start from the earliest dates and move to the latest,” she said.
“Hopefully some will have information about the night Robert Thatcher, Sr. disappeared,” said Lynn Ann.
The bedroom grew darker as the sun dipped lower and lower and a chill spread over the room. Soft glowing lights from the streetlamps appeared, casting their brightness over the snow-piled curbs.
A soft knock interrupted the quiet. “Girls,” said Aunt Susan, peeking through the doorway. Her eyes widened as she looked at the chaos surrounding them. “Looks like you have your work cut out for you.” Then she added. “It’s almost suppertime.”
“Wow,” said Winkie. “We were so engrossed in our new case, we lost track of time.”
“Sounds exciting,” said Aunt Susan. “But wind everything up. Supper in fifteen minutes.” She turned and left.
“The journal is already in order by date,” said Winkie. “So that will be easy.” Then she frowned and pointed to Lynn Ann’s pile of papers. “But not the loose papers. Some are receipts, so they have dates on them. But the rest –” Her shoulders slumped. “You’re going to have the biggest job, I’m afraid.”
“That’s okay,” Lynn Ann said. “The Bible will have everything recorded by date, so that shouldn’t take long to go through.” She smiled. “And I have more time . . . after all, I don’t have Laurel.”
Winkie nodded. “And there are a lot of newspapers, but they at least have dates.”
“Only do a few until you get tired, then I’ll help you,” said Lynn Ann. “Just like Mrs. Pace is going to do when you call her . . . tonight.”
“I will. But we need to do one more thing.”
Lynn Ann scrunched her face. “We have something else to do?”
“We can’t just keep calling our investigations cases. We need to name them.” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann thought for a minute. “How about we call this one The Thatcher Files?”
“That’s a perfect name,” agreed Winkie.
“Makes us sound most official.”
“Well, I guess we are official investigators now that Mr. Thatcher has offered to pay us,” reminded Winkie.

A Curious Thought
Wednesday morning, Winkie woke up amid scattered papers, Laurel snoozing and snuggling at her feet. She glanced around and her heart raced. It was way too light – she must have overslept. Why hadn’t Aunt Susan awakened her – and Laurel – why hadn’t she gotten up to be taken out and fed? Winkie leaped from bed and ran to the window: her answer in one word – SNOW! A deep layer of freshly-fallen snow blanketed Blueberry Lane. Was that the reason?
Winkie tiptoed past a snoring Laurel. May as well let her sleep. After all, she had stayed up late with Winkie as she had placed the newspapers in order by date.
Winkie took the steps two at a time as she bounded into the hallway and leaned over the railing. “Aunt Susan,” she called. “Isn’t there school today?”
“No, dear. School is canceled.” Aunt Susan appeared in the foyer below, flour dusting her face and hair. “The electricity is off again on the other side of town,” she said. “A tree fell and knocked out one of the power boxes. I’ve baked some cakes and casseroles, and collected blankets to take to church for those needing hot meals and a place to stay warm.”
Winkie raced down the stairs. “Great. That’ll give me more time to go through all those newspapers.” She puffed. “I fell asleep before I finished last night.” Feeling bad for the people with no power, she sent up a prayer.
Aunt Susan nodded. “I turned out your light at eleven. Did you discover anything helpful?”
Winkie shook her head no. “I got the Gazettes in order, but I put the journal aside. I haven’t read any of it yet.”
“I see you finally woke up,” Mr. Hardy said to his daughter as he entered the room.
“You’re dressed already?” Winkie said as she lifted her glass of orange juice.
Mr. Hardy nodded. “Jack from my men’s group called and asked if I could come help serve food and hand out blankets at Fellowship Hall this morning.”
Aunt Susan walked back toward the kitchen. “I’ve got biscuits just out of the oven for you two,” she called over her shoulder.
“Yippee!” yelled Winkie. “No school.”
“And extra biscuits for you, Joseph, to take to church,” she said.
“Don’t get too excited.” Mr. Hardy laughed, looking back to Winkie. “The electricity should be back on by this afternoon. So only a one-day break.”
• • •
Winkie put Laurel through her morning exercises, but still no progress. She’d forgotten to call Mrs. Pace last night like she’d promised Lynn Ann. She’d just been too eager to start on the papers she’d brought from Mr. Thatcher’s. First, she separated the papers by year and then she sorted them by month. Winkie straightened. The first issue was December 1883, and the last issue was June 1887.
She leaned back on her heels and looked at the mound of newspapers, trying to decide on what would be the best approach to attacking her part of the investigation into Robert Thatcher’s disappearance. Maybe if she read the journal first, and then all the papers. That might make more sense.
Winkie opened the well-worn, pebble-textured leather cover of the journal. Written on the first page was Carrie Thatcher, born on May 15, 1861, wife of Robert Thatcher, born February 2, 1850, and married January 23, 1883. The first entry began:
March 30, 1883 – Arrived late last night and will stay with Ezekiel and Fannie until we find a place of our own. They are so gracious to offer us a room until we get settled in permanently.
Winkie now knew when and where Robert and Carrie started their life in Bell Buckle. A few weeks passed before the next entry.
April 19, 1883 – We are looking for our own place. Ezekiel and Fannie have been most gracious, but we don’t want to be a burden any longer than necessary.
April 22, 1883 – The people of Bell Buckle are so friendly. Even though I miss Mama and Daddy and all my brothers and sisters, I’m making new friends and I’m very happy.
There were several entries about day-to-day activities. Carrie filled her days with visiting an elderly couple with no relatives living close by. She did housework, shopped, and prepared food for them while Robert continued his search for a home. And then:
May 19, 1883 – Robert found a place not too far from the Wileys. There’s even a little shack at the back of the property that Robert can convert into a smithy shop.
June 8, 1883 –Robert and I bought a home of our own! We are so excited! I can’t wait for our families back home to visit!
July 10, 1883 – Robert and I just returned from a trip back to Fayetteville to visit family and celebrate the Fourth of July. We also brought back some things for our new place. Our wagon was loaded down!
Carrie wrote about setting up their home, attending community and church functions, and news about family she’d received from home. Perhaps some of those letters were in the papers Lynn Ann had taken home.
There were more entries about Carrie’s daily life. With a kitchen of her own, she’d been canning and preserving fruits and vegetables from their garden for the winter months. She had also shared meals for a family who’d recently welcomed their sixth child.
September 30, 1883 – I told Robert this morning at breakfast we are going to have a baby. He is beside himself, talking about all the things he wants to do as a father.
Carrie continued recording their lives. Robert had finished setting up his blacksmith shop and was now getting business on a regular basis. She was preparing for their baby and the upcoming holidays. Then:
November 1, 1883 – Robert left last night.
That was it. Only the one sentence.
Winkie read on. For the next three weeks, the first sentence was always the same:
“No word from Robert.” Then after a few sentences about the weather and the baby clothes she was sewing, she never mentioned her husband’s disappearance.
If Carrie was sad or angry, she never revealed anything in her diary. On November 22, she wrote of the baby she was carrying and then moved on to talking about Christmas and how her pregnancy was progressing. After six weeks, Carrie’s entries became shorter until she stopped writing at all. The next entry was five months later, March 29, 1884.
“Still no word of Robert. I guess my journey alone is now a reality. Our baby is due in May. I am praying for a boy, in case my beloved never returns. I’ll name him Jackson Robert, after his grandfather and father.”
Winkie read through several more entries. She involved herself in community activities but there was no more mention of her husband until:
May 2, 1884 – Last night little Jackson was born early. While he is just a tiny bit of a thing, he is as strong and healthy as can be! Praise be to God! Robert, you would be so proud of him.
Carrie wrote more sporadically, probably because she was caring for her newborn son, but she still wrote as if she were speaking to her husband directly, like he was right there in the room with her, like she was carrying on an everyday sort of conversation with him. Most of the entries talked about how proud Robert would be of Jackson, writing in detail about his growing up and their life alone. As the days grew into weeks, weeks into months, and months into years, she wrote about how well their son was doing in church school:
September 15, 1886 – Miss Harmon is Jackson’s Sunday School teacher. She is so impressed with how well he knows all the Bible stories she has taught. And like you Robert, he is fast with his numbers – he can already count to a ten . . . and he has memorized his ABC’s!
The next few weeks’ entries talked about the upcoming Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays.
January 29, 1887 – Miss Harmon says Jackson is learning Bible verses by heart, and knows the names of the twelve disciples, too. He is much farther along than all the other children his age, and many of those in the older levels, as well. I’m so proud of him – I know you would be, too. However, if he continues this way, I fear he will outgrow our beloved little Bell Buckle and perhaps move to Atlanta with its larger schools and bigger opportunities.
Then in June of 1887, Carrie’s voice changed; she stopped talking to Robert as if he’d simply gone on an extended trip, rather than disappearing. By the end of that summer, she ceased talking to him altogether. Had she finally given up hope? wondered Winkie.
But Carrie remained faithful to her journal, recording Jackson’s accomplishments with obvious pride and joy, and her day-by-day accounts of her dedication to helping others without complaining about her own difficult road.
July 12, 1888 – Ezekiel stopped by for a while today. He brought a basket of tomatoes that Fannie had grown in their garden. He also dropped off my mail. I don’t know what I’d do without Ezekiel, and Fannie, too. They’ve both been so good to Jackson and me through all this.
Ezekiel and Fannie had been loyal and supportive friends, always there for her and Jackson. Winkie read on. As she read, she felt she understood Carrie’s diligence in writing in her journal: it seemed to bring a peace and calm into her life to replace the hole left by her husband’s absence. Every entry was pretty much the same. She wrote about news from their families and about their new friends in Bell Buckle. But it was Jackson she dwelled on, Jackson who filled her pages. He was the light of her life now. Then Winkie’s interest perked up at an entry two months later:
September 15, 1888 – Jackson has started school and I have taken a job at the library. Well, it isn’t quite a library yet. There’s a small building behind Bell Buckle Elementary School that several of us women are going to use to start a library. Hopefully, this work will give a purpose to my days as Jackson is at school, and hopefully, one day this work will provide an income.
Winkie set the diary aside and leaned back on her heels, looking at the newspapers she had put in order last night. She selected a couple of random issues and scanned the front and back pages.
Then a strange thought struck her. Carrie only began saving the papers as soon as Robert left, kept them regularly, and then she’d stopped just as suddenly with the June 1887 issue. Winkie did a mental tabulation. That would mean there were 43 copies all together. The Gazette had been only one sheet, printed front and back. Thinking about Carrie’s journal, her first entries after Robert’s disappearance were written as if she were speaking to him in person began when she first began saving the newspapers in December 1883. Carrie checked the journal date when she felt Carrie’s tone had changed: the summer of 1887. With the last issue of the Gazette, June 1887, she began writing in a more general way, as if she were speaking to no one in particular.
Winkie had placed each of the papers in order: beginning with December 1883 and ending with June 1887. Now, she’d need to read each one carefully looking for anything that might look like a clue as to why this change had happened when it did and a clue to see if there was a reason that she’d also ceased keeping The Bell Buckle Gazettes.
For now, Winkie had done as much as she could. She’d have to wait until she could talk with Lynn Ann. They’d have to compare notes . . . hopefully, she’d made some sense out of those loose papers – the cards, letters, receipts, and notes. She couldn’t wait to share her thoughts with Lynn Ann. Had Robert still been alive during those years? Is that why she’d written to him that way? Had Carrie known something she wasn’t sharing with others back then?
Winkie looked at the clock. It was already 12:30 and she was still in her pajamas. She needed to get dressed and call Lynn Ann – they had places to go and people to talk to and she had the first clue to share with her friend. Winkie wrote a reminder for her and Lynn Ann to visit the Bell Buckle Historical Society to see if there was anything in the library records about Carrie.

Clues at the Courthouse
“Over here!” Winkie called when she saw Lynn Ann trudging through the mounds of snow lining the curbs on Pioneer Square. Winkie danced from foot-to-foot to keep warm as she stood in front of the courthouse.
The hood of the pink parka turned to the sound of Winkie’s voice. “Why didn’t you wait inside?” asked Lynn Ann. “It’s too cold to stand outside.”
“I just got here myself,” replied Winkie. She grabbed both of Lynn Ann’s shoulders and squeezed. “I want to tell you about something I discovered before we go inside.”
Winkie told her friend about her thoughts concerning Carrie’s diary.
That settled, they entered the large double doors of the Bell Buckle Courthouse which housed the Sheriff’s office.
“I’ve been waiting for you girls,” greeted Mrs. Maples, Sheriff Watson’s receptionist. “You’re lucky. All the property deeds and missing persons’ reports are on this floor. For anything else in records, you’d have to go down into the basement. And it is as cold as a freezer down there!” She stood and led Winkie and Lynn Ann down a long, Linoleum hallway and opened the last door at the end. “Here you go.”
“Thanks,” the girls said.
Lynn Ann looked around. “We are lucky,” she said.
Winkie nodded. “Looks like everything is in file cabinets, and the drawers are chronologically marked.” She removed her gloves and rubbed her hands together. “Let’s start with the property deeds and see when Robert Thatcher bought the house. Carrie’s journal said June 8, 1883.”
“If we already know what Carrie wrote in her journal, why do we need to look here?” asked Lynn Ann.
“We’re fact-checking,” answered Winkie. “The deed is an official document. People sometimes get things mixed up or remember incorrectly.”
“Okay . . .” Lynn Ann drew out the words, but quickly added, “Good idea!”
As the girls walked toward the file cabinet, Winkie turned to face Lynn Ann and said, “I want you to read Carrie’s journal, too, and see what you think.”
“I’ve got a better idea,” suggested Lynn Ann, nodding. “I finished going through all the things I took home. Why don’t we swap and see what other ideas we come up with. After we look at these papers separately, then we’ll get together.”
Winkie agreed that it was a very good strategy.
They stood before the tall, metal file cabinet. All the drawers had small labels. The top one read: Property Deeds 1800 – 1900. Lynn Ann pulled out the long drawer. File folders dated by years hung inside.
“These folders are very thin,” said Winkie, holding up a folder marked 1800-1805. “This one only has one deed.”
“Let’s pull the folder from 1880 – 1885,” suggested Lynn Ann.
They settled in at a table, across from each other. Winkie took the top half of the papers and slid the rest across the table to Lynn Ann.
Lynn Ann looked at the first few documents. “Wow, looks like a lot of people inherited their land from relatives who won property in the Georgia Land Lotteries.”
“Isn’t a lottery like gambling? You know, buying a ticket and hoping your number will be drawn.” Winkie asked.
Lynn Ann’s head bobbed up and down. “But a person didn’t need to buy anything. We studied about this in our Georgia history class.” She looked across the table at her friend. “Don’t you remember?”
Winkie shrugged her shoulders. “I guess.”
“From 1805 through 1832, the state of Georgia allowed citizens to register for a chance to win a parcel of land,” explained Lynn Ann. She continued searching through the property deeds.
“Here it is,” exclaimed Winkie, waving a sheet in front of her. “Robert Thatcher bought the house from a man named Jonas Flanders on June 8, 1883.” She angled the paper in front of Lynn Ann. “Just like Carrie wrote in her journal. The entry said that they’d bought the house, and then she described what the property looked like. She even wrote about the shed that her husband turned into his blacksmith shop.”
Lynn Ann read from the paper out loud. “Let it be known that I sell this property and all the buildings on it to Robert Thatcher.”
The paper was dated June 8, 1883, and the amount of the sale and the parcel number of the property followed that paragraph. Three signatures were at the bottom of the page: Jonas Flanders – Seller; Robert Thatcher – Buyer; and, Ezekiel Wiley – Witness.
Lynn Ann looked across to Winkie and scrunched her face. “Ezekiel Wiley. They must have been really close . . . for him to witness the signature.”
“Yes,” Winkie confirmed. “Don’t you remember? Ezekiel and his wife Fannie were best friends with Robert and Carrie. That’s the reason they moved to Bell Buckle – to live closer to them.”
Lynn Ann cocked her head to one side. “Why did Ezekiel and Fannie move to Bell Buckle?” she asked.
“Hmm . . .” Winkie pursed her lips. “I don’t know. That’s a good thing to ask Mr. Wiley. I’ll bet he knows the answer to that question.”
“It might be helpful to know the reason,” said Lynn Ann. “And, it gives us another date on our timeline.”
“Timeline?” asked Winkie, her forehead wrinkling.
Lynn Ann pulled a blue notebook from her backpack and opened it. “I started this folder last night. It’s to keep track of our clues. I decided to start a timeline when I was looking through the Bible. With a timeline, we’ll be able to keep things better organized. People used to record important events in their family Bibles.”
“And, hopefully, keep Carrie’s story straight in our minds,” said Winkie.
At the top of the paper, Lynn Ann had written: “The Thatcher Files.” Under that she’d written, January 23, 1883 – Carrie marries Robert in Fayetteville.
“Now you can add June 8, 1883 – Robert buys the house on Blueberry Lane to our timeline,” said Winkie. “Great idea about keeping an order to the things we learn. All these dates are so confusing.”
“And, like you said, seeing them in order might help us see more clues.” Lynn Ann’s eyes widened.
“Like the way Carrie wrote in her journal,” interrupted Winkie.
“And now we know what brought Robert and Carrie to Bell Buckle,” added Lynn Ann.
“To be near their best friends the Wileys,” said Winkie. “I have more dates to add to the timeline . . . from Carrie’s journal.”
“Oh, this is getting really exciting. Like putting together a puzzle,” said Lynn Ann, as she added the date of the purchase of the property. “Last night when I was looking at the letters and postcards, I read a letter from Carrie’s mother. She was so happy to hear that Carrie had fallen in love with Bell Buckle on first sight. She also said that she missed them very much.”
Winkie thought about when she and her dad moved from Knoxville and how much she’d missed her friends. “I know how hard it is to leave behind all that is familiar.”
Lynn Ann placed a hand on Winkie’s hand. “I’ve never moved, but I’m glad you did come here.” She smiled.
Winkie returned her smile. “I am too.”
“I read some of the other cards and letters, too,” said Lynn Ann. “Everybody loved her. And I can see why . . . most were thank you notes for things she’d done to help them or other neighbors in Bell Buckle.”
“It just doesn’t make sense that a husband would leave such a loving, caring wife.” Winkie slowly shook her head. “We need to talk to Mr. Wiley first.”
“When can we go see him?” asked Lynn Ann.
“Today . . . he’s helping my dad give out food at the church,” Winkie said. “Let’s go see him after we finish here.”
Happy they had confirmed the date for the purchase of the Thatcher house, the girls put away the folders and moved to the file cabinets labeled: Official Reports. They removed the folders marked Missing Persons. Again, they separated the stack of papers into two piles, and each took a pile to go through.
“Wow.” Lynn Ann’s eyes widened. “I can’t believe how many people went missing back then.”
They spent about half an hour thumbing through the files beginning in November 1883.
“Find anything?” asked Winkie.
Lynn Ann sighed and shook her head no.
Winkie’s shoulders slumped. “If Carrie filled out a report, it isn’t in here.”
“But why wouldn’t she fill out a report?” wondered Lynn Ann aloud.
“Another good question,” said Winkie. “I’d think Carrie would want to have people help look for her husband . . . to see if maybe he’d gotten hurt.”
Both were quiet, very quiet. Lynn Ann pointed a finger in Winkie’s direction. “Unless she knew her husband was leaving.”
Winkie pointed back. “My thoughts exactly.”
Once more the girls returned everything they’d moved back to the original spots.
Lynn Ann sighed. “Well, we didn’t really find out anything here.”
“Sure, we did,” said Winkie. “We fact-checked our information about the date of the property sale, and we know that Carrie didn’t file a Missing Person’s report.”
“Which might make your theory that Carrie knew her husband was leaving seem more possible.” Lynn Ann looked at the clock. “It’s three.”
Winkie grabbed Lynn Ann’s hand. “Let’s go over to the church and see what we can do to help, and we can talk to Mr. Wiley. I just know he’s going to be able to help us out a lot with this investigation!”

People to See
When Lynn Ann and Winkie arrived at the community center, most of the people were gone and the volunteers were cleaning up. Mr. Thatcher was one of the helpers.
From across the room, he looked at the girls and called out, “Thought I’d take the opportunity to lend a helping hand rather than receive the help for a change!”
Mrs. Pace was there, too. She was gathering trash and wiping down tables.
Lynn Ann nudged Winkie. “Go talk to her.”
She walked hesitantly in Mrs. Pace’s direction. “Mrs. Pace?” said Winkie.
She turned around. “Oh, Winkie, how’s everything coming with Laurel?”
“Not too well . . .” Winkie stammered her reply. Then she blurted out, “Awful! Just horrible!” Then she told Mrs. Pace the entire dreadful story.
Mrs. Pace removed the protective, plastic gloves she wore, and placed her hands on her hips.
Oh, no, thought Winkie, here it comes. Mrs. Pace was big . . . not fat . . . just big. Winkie figured she must be close to six feet tall, and being a firefighter, she had muscular arms and legs. She’d think Winkie was a weakling and blame her for Laurel’s problems.
Rather, her voice was encouraging. “Don’t be discouraged, Winkie,” she said. “Like people, dogs are different from each other. Therefore, each one has its own distinctive learning style. Tell me exactly what you are doing.”
Mrs. Pace listened patiently as Winkie related detail-by-dreadful detail the lesson plan she was using and how Laurel just wasn’t learning.
“Sounds like your Laurel is a playful girl.” A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. A strand of dark hair had wiggled its way into her eyes. Brushing it away and leaning in closer, she said, “From what I’ve seen, she’s a sweet dog with a mischievous temperament.”
Winkie agreed but said not a word.
“Let’s switch it up a bit for her. Try this next time. Before you begin the lessons, play with her for about five to ten minutes. Fetch, tug-of-war . . . whatever she wants to do. Perhaps it will burn off some of that excess energy,” Mrs. Pace suggested.
“That makes sense,” said Winkie. “I’ll start that with our next lesson.”
Mrs. Pace gave Winkie a curt nod. “See you Saturday, and good luck!” Then she turned and lifted a stack of dirty plates and took them to the kitchen sink.
“What did she say?” asked Lynn Ann as she raced up beside her friend.
Winkie told her Mrs. Pace’s suggestion. “So, I guess in addition to the fifteen-minute lesson, I’ll have to add another ten minutes for playtime.”
Lynn Ann placed a hand on Winkie’s shoulder and consoled, “She’ll get it. You’ll see – she’s a very smart dog!”
“I saw you talking with Mr. Wiley,” said Winkie. “Can we go over today?”
Lynn Ann shook her head no. “It’s too late. And besides, he lost power in his workshop, so now he’s behind on a couple projects he promised people he’d have finished by the end of the week.”
“Did he say when we could stop by?” asked Winkie.
“Next week,” replied Lynn Ann. “But we’ve got those other things from the boxes to go through in the meantime.”
“Winkie,” called Mr. Hardy from across the room. He held up five fingers.
Winkie waved her reply. “Five more minutes, then I’ve got to go,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann nodded and said quickly, “But I did ask Mr. Wiley about his grandparents Ezekiel and Fannie.” She leaned in closer to Winkie. “He said they were best friends, especially Carrie and Fannie.”
“Did you get a chance to ask him why his grandparents moved to Bell Buckle?” asked Winkie.
Lynn Ann smiled. “I know the answer to that, too. They moved to Bell Buckle so he could be the Head Postmaster for North Georgia.”
Winkie’s mind raced. “Maybe Mr. Wiley saved some of his grandparents belongings. Perhaps we could find out more about Robert Thatcher’s disappearance in Fannie’s things since Carrie and Fannie were best friends.”
Lynn Ann smiled. “Like us.”
“Like us,” repeated Winkie. “We tell each other everything.”
“Everything,” repeated Lynn Ann.
“Winkie!” Mr. Hardy called from across the room. “We need to get a move on.”
“Gotta go,” said Winkie. “I have to start work on my history report.”
“Have you come up with a topic yet?” asked Lynn Ann.
Winkie said that she hadn’t a clue what to write about, but then she added, “I had another idea. Why don’t we see if we can work together on this report.”
Lynn Ann nodded. “Maybe we can use something from this case . . . maybe something from The Bell Buckle Gazettes will spark an idea.”
Winkie agreed. “Let’s swap the things we have, and we’ll each make our own set of notes.”
“Then we can meet up tomorrow night and compare notes.”
“And also think of a topic for our report.”
“It’s going to be one busy week with Laurel, the history assignment, and going through the newspapers,” said Winkie.
“December 1883 – June 1887,” said Lynn Ann. “That’s a lot of reading!”
“Like I said, it’s going to be one busy week,” said Winkie.
“See you later,” Lynn Ann called over her shoulder as Winkie ran to join her dad.

One Busy Week
Winkie raised the soggy rope in her hand. The rope was about a foot in length and had a knot at each end, perfect for throwing, retrieving, and playing tug-of-war with Laurel before their lesson. After spinning it around over her head a couple of times, Winkie let go and watched it sail to the far side of the backyard.
“Go get it, Laurel!” encouraged Winkie as she slapped the flats of her hands against her thighs.
Laurel zoomed in the direction the rope was heading and arrived just as it landed at the fence. Grabbing the length of rope between her teeth, she raced back to Winkie. Unable to get the rope away from Laurel’s viselike grip, Winkie let go of her end. Eventually, the Lab dropped her prized possession at Winkie’s feet.
Laurel’s sides pumped in and out as she panted, shifting her weight from one set of paws to the other.
“Good girl,” praised Winkie. “Let’s go get water.” She caressed the fur on Laurel’s back and bent down to kiss the top of her head. “Then we’ll start our lesson.”
Laurel lapped up the bowl of water as if she’d been stranded in a desert for days. She looked up at Winkie; drool dribbled from Laurel’s mouth and her tail thumped against the wall. She plopped into her soft, cushy bed in the laundry room and exhaled a loud groan. She became as stubborn as a mule when Winkie tried to pull her up. There was no way to get her to budge. Impossible! She was too heavy and too exhausted. And it had been the same way last night. If possible, they’d accomplished less than they had before she’d taken Mrs. Pace’s advice. When they returned to their class on Saturday, they’d be a week behind all the other dogs.
Lynn Ann was coming over tonight after supper. They were going to try to come up with a topic from their work on The Thatcher Files. At lunch they’d talked about possible ideas for a history report from things they read in the old issues of The Bell Buckle Gazettes, and their teacher had given them permission to work together. Maybe combining the two jobs would help with both projects: writing a history report while working on their case for Mr. Thatcher.
Winkie was already in her room when she heard Lynn Ann running up the stairs.
“Slow down, Lynn Ann,” called Aunt Susan from the kitchen. “I don’t want you taking a nasty spill and having to go to the hospital. One person on crutches is already one too many.”
“Sorry.” Lynn Ann took the last three steps at a normal pace and then walked into Winkie’s bedroom.
“Here’s the stack,” said Lynn Ann. “All 43 of them.” She thumped the top of the stack with her knuckles.
Winkie rubbed her hands together. “Let’s get started!”
Lynn Ann took out the notes she’d made from her reading. “I only scanned most of them,” she said.
Winkie read Lynn Ann’s notes and then thumbed through several of the issues. She held up the February 1884 issue. “There are a lot of engagements and wedding announcements,” she said. Her eyes moved down the page. “I guess because it was Valentine’s Day that month.” She paused. “Look at these love notes.” She continued, “And there were advertisements for wives.”
“Men advertised for a wife!” Lynn Ann’s voice rose. “Can you believe people would actually marry someone they’d never met or known?”
“I remember reading about mail order brides for men who went out west,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann shook her head and drew her lips tight. “I can’t imagine marrying a stranger.” She frowned. “I can’t imagine getting married . . . period.”
Winkie shrugged her shoulders. “I guess it’s sorta like online dating. You look at someone’s picture and read about them, then if you’re interested in a date you plan a meeting,” she mused.
Winkie returned her attention to the paper. “Oh look, here are some Valentine’s poems and messages,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann scooted over beside her. She read out loud.
“Mary – Roses are big, and violets are wee.
Sugar is sweet, will you marry me?”
Both girls roared.
“And it’s signed ‘Gerry,’” said Lynn Ann.
“That is just too silly,” said Winkie.
“Oh, Winkie, here’s another one, and it’s to a Betty,” Lynn Ann squared her shoulders and cleared her throat.
“I’ve got a spoon and a fork and a knife.
I love you; will you be my wife? Dave.”
Again, the girls dissolved into gales of laughter.
When they caught their breath, each read in silence as they quickly reread each issue looking for any clue to Robert Thatcher’s disappearance.
“Well, one thing I did notice was there was a lot of tuberculosis.”
“It was really scary back then,” said Lynn Ann. “There’s an article in every issue I read.”
“I noticed that, too,” replied Winkie. She rubbed her chin. “So many in fact . . . I’m thinking we should do our history report on it.”
“I think that’s a great idea,” said Lynn Ann. “There’s so much just in these papers.” Her eyes widened, “And we could take in these newspapers to show the class. That should get us an ‘A’ for sure.”
Winkie pursed her lips. “We’ll have to get Mr. Thatcher’s permission first. After all, the newspapers belong to him.”
“Of course,” agreed Lynn Ann. “But I don’t think he’ll mind.”
They returned to their reading. Lynn Ann slapped the palm of her hand down on a stack of newspapers. “This is taking forever!”
“Especially since we’re not too sure what we’re looking for,” said Winkie. “Except for maybe an article on Robert Thatcher’s disappearance. After that, then what?”
Lynn Ann studied the tall pile of Gazettes between them; her eyes moved upward to the clock. “It’s almost eight.”
Winkie eyed the stack of remaining papers.
Lynn Ann shifted her shoulders from one side to the other. “I’m tired, and besides that, Mummy said I have to be home by 8:15. It is a school night after all.”
Winkie agreed. “Well, at least we’ve settled on a topic for our history report.”
“Let’s spend more time tomorrow afternoon after school working together again,” suggested Lynn Ann.
Winkie nodded. “That will give us time to research tuberculous, and over the weekend we can make the outline that’s due on Monday.”
“And look at the rest of these papers,” said Lynn Ann. She held up the loose papers. “We haven’t even talked about these yet.”
At that moment, Laurel bounded into the room, landing smack-dab in the middle of the two girls. She rolled to her back, scattering cards, letters, and receipts everywhere.
Winkie shook her head and sighed.
Rubbing Laurel’s tummy, Lynn Ann smiled and said, “And give you more time to train Laurel.”
Laurel yipped and leaped to Winkie’s side, dragging a wet tongue across her mouth.
“We’re never going to be ready for class on Saturday,” moaned Winkie.

Comparing Notes
After playing, training, and encouraging Laurel for twenty-five minutes, Winkie still hadn’t made her student understand “sit.” Tomorrow was their second class, and she and Laurel would be the only ones not ready to move to lesson two. However, Winkie couldn’t help but smile as she passed by the laundry room where Laurel was curled up asleep in her bed, short snorts puffing from her mouth.
Winkie lifted her eyes upward. “Laurel is such a good, sweet girl . . . please, Father God, let me know how to teach her to be an obedient one.” Then she made her way to her room where Lynn Ann was waiting for her.
“Find out anything new? asked Winkie. She flopped down on the bed, facing Lynn Ann where she had all the Bell Buckle Gazettes scattered around her. “Did you get through all of them?”
“I did,” Lynn Ann responded. “I made more detailed notes this time.” She opened the blue notebook. “First, I just looked at the format.”
“Yeah, I looked at the way the newspapers were set up, too,” interrupted Winkie.
Lynn Ann continued, “The front pages had all the national news at the top and the local news at the bottom.”
“And advertisements, weddings, births, and obituaries were on the back,” Winkie said. “Also, people wrote notes to other people.”
“I asked my mom about those,” said Lynn Ann. “She said they are called personals – little notes to a certain person or a particular group of people.”
“There were several of those where people did ask about the whereabouts of missing relatives and friends,” said Winkie, “But I didn’t see anything from Carrie Thatcher about Robert.”
“Me either,” said Lynn Ann. “I did see people asking for help . . . like on their farms planting seeds in the spring or picking apples in the fall.”
“Yes, did you notice there was a gardening column?” asked Lynn Ann.
“It sure was different back then.” Winkie frowned. “I saw people looking for boarders . . . or looking for a room to rent.” Then she laughed. “And there were people who declared they were no longer responsible for someone.”
“No longer responsible for someone?” Lynn Ann was shocked. “Why would someone do that?”
Winkie shrugged her shoulders. “Maybe they didn’t like the way someone was behaving.”
“I guess.” Lynn Ann frowned. “There were personals wishing someone a happy birthday or anniversary. And, some people wrote they’d had arrived someplace safely.”
“People used the personals to sell things like buggies and wagons . . . corsets, parasols, hats and bonnets, tobacco products . . .” said Winkie.
“I guess they had sales like our modern-day garage sales,” said Lynn Ann.
“And estate sales when people died,” added Winkie. “I saw a few of those.”
“I learned about history, too,” said Lynn Ann. “Chester A. Arthur was President in 1884, and there was a story about him. He wasn’t elected to be President.”
“How did he get to be the President if he wasn’t elected?” asked Winkie.
“James Garfield was elected in 1880, and Arthur was his Vice President. He only got to be president for a short while because in January 1881, he was shot by a lawyer and writer who was unhappy about some of his policies,” said Lynn Ann. “But Garfield didn’t actually die from the gunshot wound. He died because the doctors used unsanitary tools and unprotected hands when they removed the bullet.”
“Hygiene wasn’t like it is today,” said Winkie. “I got a lot of information about hygiene when I was working on our report about tuberculosis.”
Lynn Ann’s head bobbed up and down. “It was in most every paper I read. Sounded really serious because it was so contagious.”
“It was very contagious and could be spread through the air from an infected person through coughing and sneezing or using a napkin or towel after the sick person.”
“That’s terrible,” shuddered Lynn Ann. “I read people had to wash their hands frequently and cover their faces if they were around an infected person.”
“After researching more recent information about tuberculosis, I found there was a lot of misinformation about the disease, too,” said Winkie. “People were frightened and believed anything.”
The girls continued comparing notes. Finally, Lynn Ann broke the silence. “My eyes are blurry from so much reading.”
“Mine, too,” said Winkie. She looked outside. “It’s about an hour before dark. Why don’t we go poke around in the blacksmith shop behind Mr. Thatcher’s house,” she suggested.
Lynn Ann straightened and leaned back, her eyes widening and the corners of her mouth tugging downward.
“I’m not so sure that’s such a good idea,” croaked Lynn Ann.
Winkie waved her hand, dismissing Lynn Ann’s fears. “Of course, it is,” returned Winkie. “Mr. Thatcher said we were welcome to look around in there anytime.” She placed a hand on her friend’s knee. Leaning in closer, she whispered, “There’s no telling what we might find in there.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” gulped Lynn Ann.
• • •
“The blacksmith shop sure does look better since Mr. Thatcher cleaned it out,” Lynn Ann called from just outside the door, remembering what it had looked like last fall.
Winkie craned her neck around to look at a cowering Lynn Ann. “Don’t be scared. Remember, we never knew for sure that is was a bat that flew into your head when we were here last fall.”
“I know for sure it was a bat and that’s all that counts for me.” Lynn Ann inched her way into the shop.
Reaching up, Winkie jerked a chain dangling from a bare light bulb overhead. Light moved across the room. “There, that’s better.”
Lynn Ann let out a low whistle as her eyes moved around the walls and floor of the shop. “Boy, Mr. Thatcher has been busy.”
“He said he spent time straightening out in here, so he’d have a place to store the memorabilia people are dropping off at his house for the history of Bell Buckle book.”
“I hope he didn’t get rid of anything important while he was cleaning. I mean, something that might be vital for our investigation,” said Lynn Ann.
“Oh, no,” reassured Winkie. “He has just organized and cleaned out. Removed things that were unsafe . . . like broken glass and rusted nails. I know he wouldn’t throw out anything until he had a chance to look over it.”
Lynn Ann breathed easier. “Let’s get started then.”
“Mr. Thatcher said that everything he found in here he moved to one side.” Winkie looked to the wall opposite the door. She pointed. “Over there.”
They found scrap metal, hammers, several sets of tongs, and all sizes of knives.
“Wonder what that is?” asked Winkie moving toward a large steel block with a flat top.
“It’s an anvil,” answered Lynn Ann. “The blacksmith placed the object to be hammered on top of it. Then he pounded until he had the desired shape.”
“What did blacksmiths make?” asked Winkie.
“Gates, grilles, light fixtures, tools, and cooking utensils,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie crouched down closer to the floor and looked at a shovel. “Look, all of Mr. Thatcher’s tools and things have a symbol on them.”
“That’s was Great-granddad’s mark. It showed that was something made by him,” came a voice from the opened door. “People had pride in their work back then and wanted to sign their names to it.”
“Mr. Thatcher!” the girls exclaimed.
He held up two hands. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
They all laughed.
“We were just so engrossed in what we were doing, I guess we didn’t hear you come in,” said Winkie.
“Look here,” he said as he walked toward them and picked up a spoon. He lifted it for them to see better and his finger pointed to the initials “RT” and a small leaf. “See, this is his mark.”
Mr. Thatcher handed the spoon to the girls for them to inspect, and then he crossed his arms across his chest. “Well, I’m sorry to interrupt your investigation,” he apologized. “But your aunt called and said it’s time for you to come home.”

Lesson Two
Winkie led Laurel to their designated spot in front of Mrs. Pace, along with the other dogs and their owners. Dogs sat like little soldiers next to their owners’ feet: except for Laurel. She wandered around Winkie’s legs, the leash wrapping around her ankles. Winkie stared ahead and focused her attention on Lynn Ann. However, Lynn Ann could not bear to return her friend’s look. She slumped with her eyes cast downward pretending to read a flyer about juggling classes the community center would be offering in the summer.
“Good morning, said Mrs. Pace. “Teachers and students.”
“Good morning,” the class said in unison. Laurel was the only dog to yip a response.
Winkie frowned down at her. “Stop it,” she grumbled through clenched teeth.
Laurel yipped once more and thumped her tail against the wooden floor. The sound echoed through the gymnasium.
Now, Mrs. Pace frowned and looked around the room. “Let’s get started,” she said. “I’m coming around and let each of you demonstrate what you’ve learned this week.”
Or not learned, thought Winkie. Was it her imagination, or had Mrs. Pace been looking directly at her and Laurel. Mrs. Pace knew they weren’t ready!
“When we finish with that, we’ll start lesson two: learning how to move into a down position,” said Mrs. Pace.
Lynn Ann watched as the other dogs, including Rags, showed off how to “sit.” Each owner beamed. It was all she could do to watch Winkie. She had worked so hard with Laurel this past week. When Mrs. Pace made her way to their spot, Laurel leaped up and grabbed the clipboard from her hand.
Lynn Ann heard the bench creak as she felt someone sit down.
“Just the little lady I’m looking for,” said Mr. Wiley as he slid closer to Lynn Ann on the bleacher. He looked at Winkie and Laurel and grimaced. He glanced out to the where the dogs and their owners were assembled. “I take it the obedience classes aren’t going too well,” he said softly.
“The classes are fine. It’s Laurel that’s the problem.” Lynn Ann placed a hand beside her mouth and whispered into Mr. Wiley’s ear, “It’s been a total disaster!”
Mr. Wiley shook his head in sympathy. “Do you think you girls could come by tomorrow after church?” he asked.
“I’m free, but I’ll have to check with Winkie. She’s going to be a week behind in her lessons after today, so she may have to work harder with Laurel,” she explained. “Plus, our history report outline is due on Monday.”
Mr. Wiley nodded. “Just give me a call when you find out. I have a delivery at two o’clock today. Mr. Littlejohn bought a beautiful, old wooden rocking chair at a garage sale, but the two rocking rails were rotten. I made new ones and refinished the whole chair. Finished sooner than I thought, so after I deliver the chair to him, I’m good for tomorrow afternoon.”
A loud bang from the main floor ended their conversation: Laurel had escaped. Her leash had snagged on a folding chair and she was racing frantically around the gym in an effort to outrun the chair. Winkie was in a hot pursuit after Laurel, trying to get a hold of her leash while everyone looked on in disbelief and owners tightened their holds on the leashes and drew their dogs nearer to them.
• • •
After lunch, Winkie and Lynn Ann decided a trip to the Historical Society offices was in order. Mrs. Callahan was sitting at the reception desk at the front of the large main room. There were smaller rooms beyond the entrance that displayed exhibits about the town’s past.
Mrs. Callahan smiled and pushed her glasses to the top of her head. “Lynn Ann. Winkie,” she said. “What brings you in here?”
The girls walked closer as Lynn Ann spoke. “We need your help on a case we’re working on.”
Mrs. Callahan nodded. “The disappearance of Mr. Thatcher’s great-grandfather.”
“You know about that?” asked Winkie.
“Yes,” she confirmed. “He told me about it when I dropped off some boxes at his house last week.” She straightened in her chair. “What can I do to help?”
Winkie listened while Lynn Ann explained about wanting anything that Carrie might have had when she worked at the library.
“I never knew Carrie was a librarian,” said Mrs. Callahan, very surprised.
“We didn’t either until we read her journal,” said Winkie.
“Did she say when she was there?” asked Mrs. Callahan.
“The fall of 1888 . . . but there wasn’t a library yet . . . she was part of a group who started the public library for Bell Buckle.”
“Interesting,” mused Mrs. Callahan. “Any property of the library will be over at the library . . . not here. But Mrs. Buckhurst isn’t there today. She’s at a conference down in Atlanta until next Tuesday.” She glanced at the clock. “Perhaps someone else could help you, but the library will be closing in about an hour. If you hurry, you might be able to see a few things this afternoon.”
“Thank you,” said Winkie as she and Lynn Ann ran out the door.
Fortunately for them, the library was only a few blocks away. Even luckier for the girls was the fact that Miss Reeves was on duty. She sometimes sat with Lynn Ann and her brother and sister when their parents went out.
“Heather!” exclaimed Lynn Ann. “I didn’t know you worked here.”
“Hey, Lynn Ann – Winkie.” She hugged both girls. “I don’t really. I mean, I’m on spring break and making some extra money.”
Once more, the girls explained their situation and what they needed.
“Sure,” she said.
Heather took them down a long corridor and removed a ring of keys from a hook beside a set of double doors. She jiggled the keys around, inserted the right one into the lock, and then pushed back the doors. Stepping inside, she ran her hand along the wall and flipped on a switch. Overhead, fluorescent lights flickered to cast a strobe-like view.
“More boxes!” exclaimed Winkie and Lynn Ann.

Mr. Wiley’s House
While Winkie and Lynn Ann had found some things in a box from the years Carrie was at the library, they were unable to take them home until the Head Librarian, Mrs. Buckhurst, returned on Tuesday.
So, Sunday afternoon found Winkie and Lynn Ann at Mr. Wiley’s house.
“I always love coming to your shop,” said Lynn Ann as she walked around looking at the odds and ends Mr. Wiley had collected from trash bins and garage sales.
Besides being a wonderful repairman, he was also a talented garden art sculptor. Many of his pieces were in local parks and peoples’ yards all around Bell Buckle. Myna had several of his works in the garden behind her bakery.
Mrs. Wiley brought out a tray with cups of hot cocoa and a loaf of blueberry bread still warm from the oven. “A little refreshment while you go through the things Abraham has pulled aside for you.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Wiley,” said Winkie.
“I don’t have too much,” he admitted, as he picked up the plate of blueberry bread and extended it toward the girls. “But I did find some pictures in an old photograph album that might help.”
“How did your grandparents get to know Robert and Carrie Thatcher?” asked Lynn Ann.
“The Wileys and Thatchers were next door neighbors for years in a small town called Fayetteville, a little south of Atlanta.” He paused, taking a sip of his cocoa. “I say, ‘next door neighbors,’ but they actually had farms close to each other . . . maybe a few miles apart. Anyway, they all grew up together.”
Winkie and Lynn Ann opened the book. It had small black and white pictures in it. Some were fastened down with yellowed scotch tape. The tape was brittle and had caused them to turn loose and not be in any particular order.
“My granddad was not cut out for farming. He liked outdoor work, just not getting dirt under his fingernails. He was also kind of artsy. Liked painting,” said Mr. Wiley.
“Carrie was a painter, too,” said Winkie.
The girls nodded at each other, remembering the portrait she’d done of her husband.
“Well now, maybe that’s what made them all such good friends, them being artists and Robert taking a shine to blacksmithing and silver working,” said Mr. Wiley. “Anyway, my grandparents Ezekiel and Fannie moved up to Bell Buckle, where Granddaddy became the Head Postmaster of North Georgia. They wrote and encouraged Robert and Carrie to come too.” He shuffled through a shoebox and removed a small stack of envelopes. He extended it to Lynn Ann. “Here’s a few letters Carrie wrote Grandmama.” He smiled. “I already read through them, and I don’t know if they’ll help you find out what happened to Robert. I’d like them back when you’re through with them.”
“Wow, thank you, Mr. Wiley,” said Lynn Ann.
“We’ll take good care of them. I promise,” said Winkie.
While Lynn Ann studied the fronts and backs of the letters, Winkie continued flipping through the photographs. There weren’t many, especially from the 1800’s.
“Look,” she said, holding one up. “This one is brown, and all the others are black and white.”
Mr. Wiley nodded. “It’s called sepia . . . the printer used special chemicals to make the photographs look that way.”
Winkie put the picture down and picked up another one. “Here’s one of Robert Thatcher and somebody else.” She gave it to Mr. Wiley. “Do you know who this might be?”
He looked at it for a few minutes, rubbing his chin. “Can’t say that I do. I’ll keep this one and ask my wife. She might can find out something. She’s been studying our genealogy.”
“It looks like it was taken on the Fourth of July, maybe at a cookout. There are some flags and picnic tables in the background,” said Winkie.
“Yeah, that’s a Fourth of July celebration alright,” he said. Placing the photograph on the table in front of the girls, he pointed to an object in the background. “See that tablecloth?”
“Looks like a quilt,” said Lynn Ann.
“That’s exactly what it is. My grandmother Fannie made it in the fall of 1882. I’ve still got it, and we use it every July,” he said.
“How do you know when she made it?” asked Winkie.
“Most artists date their work and sign their name or put some other symbol to show it is theirs,” said Mr. Wiley.
“Like Mr. Thatcher’s mark on his blacksmith and silver creations,” said Winkie. “We saw them in the blacksmith shop yesterday. He used a leaf.”
Mr. Wiley’s head bobbed up and down enthusiastically. He held up a finger and said, “I’ll be right back.”
Winkie and Lynn Ann continued searching through the pictures in the old album.
When Mr. Wiley returned, he had the quilt draped over his arm and a piece of silver jewelry in the opposite hand. “Look at this.” He spread out the quilt on the table. “Look, here’s the date.”
On the wing of the eagle, Fannie had stitched: FDW and 11-1882 Between her initials and the date was a flower. “FDW are her initials, Fannie Daisy Wiley, and she finished the quilt in November of 1882. The little flower separating her name and the date is a daisy. She signed all her needlework this way.”
Winkie ran her hand over the American flag and eagle appliqués. “She did beautiful work, Mr. Wiley.”
“Like you, Winkie, I’m blessed to have handmade creations from loved ones to remember them by.”
“My mother’s paintings are my favorite things,” agreed Winkie. “What’s that you’ve got in your hand?”
“Oh, I almost forgot,” he said, snapping his fingers. “I thought you’d enjoy seeing this. This broach belonged to my grandmama. Robert Thatcher made it for her. He pointed to a small leaf. “Is this like the ones you found on his other pieces in the blacksmith shop the other day?”
“Just like it,” said Winkie. “And on each side of the leaf are his initials and the date.”
“Oh, my gosh!” exclaimed Lynn Ann. “It says 6-83!”
“They must have been great friends for him to have made her such a beautiful piece of jewelry,” said Winkie.
“I think my granddaddy had him make it as a gift,” said Mr. Wiley. “Her birthday was in June.”
Everyone was quiet for a few minutes.
Lynn Ann said, “They all must have been very close for Robert and Carrie to leave their homes and everything that was familiar.”
“I’m sure they got homesick,” said Mr. Wiley.
Winkie thought back to when she and her dad first moved to Bell Buckle; she’d been very homesick. “You’re probably right,” said Winkie. Then she turned her attention to Mr. Wiley. “That makes a lot of sense.”
While Lynn Ann was busy taking notes on the pictures, Mr. Wiley listened to Winkie tell him how her Aunt Susan had hung the picture of the periwinkles in her new bedroom. Winkie’s mom had painted the flowers in honor of her name: Periwinkle. In Bell Buckle everyone called her Winkie.
Once outside, Winkie asked Lynn Ann, “What were you so busy writing in our clue book?”
“I wrote down November 1882 – the date Fannie completed on the quilt,” Lynn Ann explained as she lifted the kickstand with her foot. “And June 1883 – the date Robert etched on the broach for Fannie.”
“Do you think they are important?” questioned Winkie.
“I don’t know.” Lynn Ann shrugged. “But I’m going to add them to our timeline. You never know where clues might lead us.”
Winkie nodded. The girls mounted their bicycles and headed home.

A Different Approach
“I’m home!” called Winkie as she walked through the front door on Monday.
“In here,” answered Aunt Susan from the kitchen.
When Winkie walked in, she saw Laurel curled up by the fireplace and her aunt mixing batter for cornbread.
Winkie walked over to the stove and lifted the lid on a pot. She sniffed. “Spanish Bean Soup. Yummy!” She walked over and hugged her aunt. “I’m going upstairs to change and then take Laurel to the park and practice our lessons.” Winkie looked sadly at Laurel. “Maybe a change of scenery will help.”
Aunt Susan wiped her hands on a nearby dishtowel and then placed an arm around Winkie’s shoulder. “She’ll get it. I’ve been thinking about a new approach. Why don’t you try giving Laurel a little treat when she does a good job.” She reached into her apron pocket and removed a five-dollar bill. “Here, stop by Myna’s and get some of those Doggie Doo-Dads. She loves those.”
“That’s a good idea,” said Winkie. She pushed the money away. “But I’ll use my own money.”
Aunt Susan shook her head no, and then she tucked the money into Winkie’s jeans pocket. “I want to help, too. So, let me treat you.”
Winkie smiled. “Thanks”
Winkie could use all the money she could save right now. The dog obedience class had used just about everything she’d earned.
Winkie clipped the leash onto Laurel’s collar and made her way down Blueberry Lane to Pioneer Square where Myna’s Confections was located. When she arrived, Myna’s daughter, Marianne, was sitting outside looking at a book.
As Marianne heard them approach, she looked up. She smiled and closed the book. “Hi, Winkie,” she said. She stood and walked over to them, crouching down beside Laurel.
“Hi, Marianne,” Winkie greeted. Winkie looked down as Marianne rubbed her cheek against Laurel’s head. “I’m here to get some Doggie Doo-Dads.”
“I can get them for you,” she said as she stood.
“Thanks,” said Winkie and dug into her pocket to get the money her aunt had given her.
Soon Marianne returned with the treats. “Laurel sure does love these.”
Just as Marianne was handing the bag to Winkie, Laurel jumped up and tried to grab them.
“No, you don’t,” scolded Winkie as she held the bag above her head. “I am hoping to use these treats as rewards so I can get Laurel to learn her lesson for obedience school this week.” She sighed. “I’m afraid she isn’t doing very well.”
Marianne smiled. “Good luck.”
Winkie found a secluded area in the park to practice their lesson. The day was still chilly, but the wind had died down and most of the snow had melted. She looked up to see Lynn Ann approaching with Rags on a leash. When Rags saw Laurel, he bolted toward her. Lynn Ann held on tighter as Rags rose to his back legs and barked.
“Mrs. Clyde, the lady who owns Rags, twisted her knee and needs help training Rags. She said she’s watched me with Laurel and thought I’d be just the person for the job,” explained Lynn Ann.
“Great, now we can train together,” said Winkie. Then the smile slid from her face. “I just hope Laurel won’t be a bad influence or distract Rags from his lessons. He did such a good job on his test last Saturday.”
“What did you get at Myna’s?” asked Lynn Ann, pointing to the bag dangling from Winkie’s hand.
“Doggie Doo-Dads,” answered Winkie. Then she explained Aunt Susan’s plan. “The only problem is, how can I reward her with a treat if I can’t get her to follow the command to start with?”
“That is a problem,” agreed Lynn Ann. “How about we let Laurel watch me work with Rags and then give him a treat?”
Winkie nodded. Laurel watched as Rags sat every time Lynn Ann commanded him to. She watched as he chomped the treats, barking each time he was rewarded.
“Now you try it,” said Lynn Ann.
As hard as she tried, Winkie couldn’t get Laurel to sit.
“Why don’t you let Laurel watch Rags again, but this time you say the command and hold his leash?” suggested Lynn Ann.
“Couldn’t hurt, I suppose,” said Winkie as she took Rags’s leash and gave Lynn Ann Laurel’s leash. “And it might even help,” she muttered under her breath.
After a few successful tries with Rags, Lynn Ann said, “Now try it with Laurel.”
“Sit,” said Winkie calmly.
Laurel whimpered and nudged the treat bag with her nose.
“No,” said Winkie firmly. “Sit,” she repeated.
Laurel cocked her head from one side to the other, but it was Rags who sat.
“Good boy,” praised Winkie and gave Rags a treat.
Laurel yipped, then plopped her backside on the ground.
“Good girl!” exclaimed Winkie, cupping a Doggie Doo-Dads in the palm of her hand.
“I think she’s got it!” squealed Lynn Ann.
On their way home, Winkie asked, “Did you get to read the letters Mr. Wiley gave you – the ones Carrie wrote to Fannie before they moved to Bell Buckle?”
“Yes, and Mr. Wiley was right. There wasn’t much in them . . . just how much they missed each other. In one letter, Carrie did say that she was happy to hear that the post office was inside the General Store and that the Wileys would be in charge of that, too.”
“Well . . .” Winkie sighed. “Again, it may not mean anything to our investigation, but we are getting a better idea of what their daily life was like when Robert disappeared.”
They walked side-by-side, each girl in her private thoughts. It was Lynn Ann who broke the silence.
“You know,” she began. “Thinking about their daily lives has given me an idea.”
“I’m listening,” said Winkie.
“Why don’t we take a break and reread the journal and newspapers. Let’s get together and only focus on the details on our timeline that happened from the time Robert Thatcher left and Carrie’s tone changed,” said Lynn Ann.
“Something that happened in their everyday life might hold the reason, “ agreed Winkie. “Maybe something from Carrie’s life was the reason her tone in the journal changed,” suggested Winkie.
“I don’t have anything tonight,” said Lynn Ann.
“Me either. We’ve worked with Laurel and Rags,” said Winkie.
“And we turned in our topic and outline for our history report.”
“That means we could make an adjusted timeline from our notes.” Lynn Ann stopped in front of their houses. She turned to face Winkie. “A new approach helped Laurel understand – maybe a new approach will help us to better understand all this information.”
“Then when we go to the library tomorrow, we might see things in a different light,” said Winkie.
“See you later.”
• • •
Winkie settled in beside Lynn Ann and studied their timeline.
“Why don’t we start a new one,” suggested Winkie.
“We’ll write all the dates that we know for sure because either Carrie wrote down the information in her Bible or her journal,” said Lynn Ann. “And I’ll make a note of where we got the dates.”
“Then we’ll go back and add the information we have because of things like documents, receipt, and written notes.”
“Or pictures.”
Winkie nodded.
When the girls had finished, Lynn Anne handed the paper to Winkie. “Here look this over,” she said.
March 30, 1883 – Robert and Carrie move to Bell Buckle (journal)
June 8, 1883 – Robert and Carrie buy their house (property deed)
July 4, 1883 – Robert and Carrie return to Fayetteville to visit their families (photo)
September 30, 1883 – Carrie tells Robert they are going to have a baby (journal)
November 1, 1883 – Robert left the night before (journal)
December 1883 – Carrie begins collecting The Bell Buckle Gazettes (newspapers)
May 2, 1884 – Jackson is born (Bible and journal)
June 1887 – Carrie stops saving The Bell Buckle Gazettes (newspapers)
June 1887 – Carrie stops speaking to her husband as if he were alive (journal)
They studied the timeline together. Then Winkie said, “Well, this does narrow it down a lot, but let’s only focus on November 1, 1883 to June 1887.”
“I agree.” Lynn Ann sighed. “I feel like we have looked at everything from the boxes, and yet this feels like what is the most important.” Another loud sigh. “But it’s only five dates. Do you think Carrie knew where he was going and expected him to come back. Then, how did she find out that he wouldn’t be returning?”
“I feel that she must have been communicating with him in some way” said Winkie. “I just can’t figure out how.”
“Because she spoke to him in the diary so that maybe when he came back, her husband could read all she’d recorded,” said Lynn Ann. “So that she wouldn’t forget anything their son did while her husband was away.”
“But then something happened.”
“Something really bad – that prevented him from returning,” added Lynn Ann.
“And the lighted candle every Halloween until her death?” asked Winkie. “How does that fit in?”
Lynn Ann looked at the clock. “I need to go, but maybe we’ll find out more when we go to the library tomorrow and get the box Carrie had there.”
Lynn Ann and Winkie bumped fists.
“Until tomorrow,” said Winkie.
“Until tomorrow.”

Odds and Ends
Not only did Laurel get it from her lessons in the park, but by the next day, she knew “sit” and “down.” And, Winkie and Lynn Ann were already working on lesson three: “stay” with both dogs.
“I couldn’t be prouder of you and Laurel,” said Mr. Hardy at dinner that night. “You’ve been diligent with your lessons and now the hard work is paying off.”
Winkie smiled. “The treats and practicing with Rags have really helped.” She began gathering her dishes and eating utensils. “I need to go upstairs and get everything together for my part of the report.”
“How are you girls coming along with your school project?” asked Aunt Susan.
“Not as far along as we had hoped. Laurel was doing so well, I hated to not keep going with her,” she said. “Lynn Ann is coming over tonight, and we are going to put our research together so we can divide the information and write the first draft.” Then she added, “If we have time, we want to go through the box we picked up at the library this afternoon.
“How’s that project coming?” asked Mr. Hardy.
“Much better – we made a timeline, a more focused timeline, last night to get things ordered in our minds.” Winkie’s eyes gleamed. “With this report and working extra hard with Laurel, I haven’t had much free time to work on Mr. Thatcher’s case.” Winkie sighed. “I’ve got great hopes everything will be moving along faster now, though.”
“Outlines . . . timelines . . . just don’t get tangled up in all those lines!” Mr. Hardy chuckled at his own little joke. “Don’t want you girls getting tripped up.”
“This has turned out to be a very busy spring for you,” comforted her aunt, kissing her niece on the top of the head. “Since it sounds like Laurel and Rags are doing so well, you and Lynn Ann will have extra time to work on your investigation.”
“I’m going upstairs now,” Winkie called over her shoulder as she headed toward the stairs.
Just as Winkie was spreading out her notecards on the floor, Lynn Ann walked in carrying the box from the library. She placed it to the side of Winkie, then she shrugged off her backpack. She removed a packet of papers.
Plopping down across from Winkie, she said, “This has all the notes for my part of the research on the school report. I found out a lot about the history of tuberculosis, but I decided to just keep it in the 1800’s in America.”
Winkie nodded. “The old-fashioned name for the disease is consumption, but most people today just call it TB.”
“Why did they call it ‘consumption?’” asked Lynn Ann.
“Because it consumed the body. Infected people had a fever, really bad coughs, and night sweats. But in the end, everyone lost a lot of weight . . . they got so weak they couldn’t fight off the disease anymore.”
“That sounds awful!” exclaimed Lynn Ann. “I read that it was really contagious and when someone had those symptoms, they were quarantined. A sign was posted on the front door of the homes of those who were sick to warn everybody else to stay away.”
“Yeah, because it could be spread through a cough or sneeze,” added Winkie.
“Or even speaking to someone who was ill if you weren’t a safe distance away and wearing a face covering.” Lynn Ann paused. “What was so sad was that there were a lot of wrong ideas about TB before the proper research could be done. Sometimes a community stopped associating with anyone they thought was sick. Tuberculosis devastated so many families in the eighteen hundreds. The community treated infected people like outcasts . . . even when they got well. And then some people just thought the whole thing wasn’t true and refused to take any precautions.”
“Scientists did find a vaccine, but before that, in the 1800’s very little was known,” said Winkie.
“There were special hospitals,” said Lynn Ann.
“I saw that, too. Most of the hospitals were out west because the warm, dry climate was better for the sickness. Hospitals were set up for the people who couldn’t take care of themselves.”
Pleased with the information they had gathered, the girls decided who would write which part. Winkie placed her folder on her desk. “I’ll write up my part tomorrow.”
“Me, too,” said Lynn Ann as she returned her half of the report to her backpack and removed the blue notebook with their new timeline.
“Let’s go through the box we got from the library first,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann sat down, and they began taking out the items Carrie had saved and left at the library. It appeared that it mostly contained books. She slid the box closer and dug in. Many of the books were about poetry and Bible stories, and Carrie had stuck cards, letters, and pieces of paper inside the books.
Winkie thumbed through a book while Lynn Ann sorted through some loose papers.
“Children must have loved Carrie,” Lynn Ann said. “Look at all these handmade cards . . . birthday, Valentine, Christmas . . .” She silently read the sentiments and well-wishes written in the children’s scrawling print.
Lynn Ann showed Winkie a picture that looked like it had been drawn by a small child. It was of a woman with a kind face and a huge smile. She was sitting with an opened book in her lap with a group children encircling her. At the top of the picture was written : “We love Miss Carrie! She’s the best!”
“Look,” said Winkie as she removed a yellowed slip of paper. “This is a receipt where Carrie bought household items.”
“Let me see it,” said Lynn Ann as she held out her hand. “This is the store that was attached to the Post Office.”
Winkie removed another receipt that was stuck between the pages. Her eyes scanned what was written. “Looks like Carrie purchased mostly cleaning supplies and grocery items such as flour, sugar, coffee, and tea at the General Store.”
“Oh, look at this. Here are some receipts from the post office,” said Lynn Ann. She smiled. She extended a piece of paper for Winkie to see. “After Carrie’s signature is Ezekiel Wiley’s name, followed by Head Postmaster of North Georgia.”
Winkie continued flipping through the books. “Carrie stuck a lot of things in these books.” She shuffled through some more papers. “Not only did Carrie mail a few packages, but she received several over the years as well. These receipts are dated mostly around the holidays. Most likely family members exchanging Christmas gifts.
“I never thought about it until just now, with online shopping and all we have, but I guess people had to depend on the US mail to deliver everything back then,” said Lynn Ann.
I wonder where all these packages and letters came from?” asked Winkie. Then her eyes lit up. “I wonder if Mr. Wiley’s still has any of his grandfather’s ledgers from the post office. I’m sure they kept records back then.”
Lynn Ann said, “Let’s write that down for the next time we visit Mr. Wiley.”
“In the meantime, we now have all these books and papers to sort through,” said Winkie, looking at the contents from Carrie’s box from the library spread out on the floor.
“Why don’t we do what we did before and divide these things up and see what we can find out. You take half of this home with you and leave the rest for me,” said Lynn Ann.
“I don’t know how much time I’ll have tomorrow . . . with working on our history report and with Laurel.”
“Well, let’s see what we can do, and when we meet again on Thursday to practice our report, maybe we’ll have some time to go through everything more carefully.”

A New Direction
If Robert Thatcher didn’t die until 1887, why didn’t he return to his wife and son during those three and a half years?
The thought ran through Winkie’s mind when she turned out the bedside lamp last night and had stayed with her until she opened her eyes this morning. Even during school, her mind kept traveling to possible reasons as to why he might have stayed away. Even more disturbing, what was the reason he had disappeared in the first place?
When she and Lynn Ann ate lunch, they’d decided to talk to Mr. Wiley again and ask the questions they’d talked about last night. Lynn Ann was going to call him as soon as she got home from school. Then Lynn Ann had called Winkie: Mr. Wiley told her that he had some free time this afternoon.
Now, Winkie waited beside her bicycle in front of Lynn Ann’s house. They felt good about their report, so they felt they had time to find out who the woman was in the picture Mr. Wiley had shown them.
Winkie looked up and saw her friend rolling her bicycle from behind her house.
“Sorry,” apologized Lynn Ann, “Mummy wanted me to keep an eye on the twins while she finished chopping vegetables for our soup for supper.”
Winkie smiled and waved her hand. “No problem, but I can’t stay too long. I convinced Dad to let me work with Laurel after we get back from the Wileys instead of before.”
The weather, while still chilly, was giving promises of milder days to come. The sky was a soft blue with just a few clouds floating by, kind of like icebergs on an Artic Ocean. The previous week’s snow had melted. Tiny, tender-green leaves sprouted on trees, and tulips and daffodils peeked through the slushy dirt.
Soon they arrived at the Wileys. They parked their bikes and headed for the front porch. Mr. Wiley opened the door before they had a chance to knock.
“Good afternoon, ladies!” he said as he ushered them into the house. A warm fire was crackling in the family room and the Wileys’ tabby cat, Matilda, was curled up on a rug just in front of the hearth.
“Thank you, Mr. Wiley, for letting us come over,” said Lynn Ann as she reached down to rub the top of Matilda’s head.
“I’m sorry if we interrupted your work,” apologized Winkie as she looked at Mr. Wiley’s clothes.
He had on the bib overalls he usually wore when he was working in his shop restoring furniture or creating garden art.
“No worries, Mae isn’t here. She’s keeping the grandkids this afternoon and giving them supper,” he said as he pulled a rag from his back pocket and wiped his hands. “So, I have a lot of extra time today.” He turned and began to walk to the back of the house. “I did ask her about the woman in the picture,” he said, glancing over his shoulder.
“Did she find out who she was?” asked Winkie.
“Said she thinks she might be April Thatcher,” he answered.
“April Thatcher?” Lynn Ann stood. “I saw her name listed in the family Bible that was in the boxes Mr. Thatcher gave us.”
“Mae said she was the sister of Robert, Sr.,” explained Mr. Wiley. “She couldn’t find too much on her when she was searching through her ancestry sources.”
“Was she younger or older than her brother?” asked Winkie.
“Younger,” he answered. “But there wasn’t much information on her.” He turned and headed toward a room that looked like an office. He turned around and crooked a finger for the girls to follow him. “Mae said April never married and died at an early age although there was no date of death recorded in the files Mae read.”
“I read she had died,” said Winkie.
Mr. Wiley’s eyes perked. “And how did you know that?”
“Carrie recorded marriages, births, and deaths in her Bible,” answered Lynn Ann. “But their names didn’t mean anything to us. We’ll have to check about April.”
“People kept a lot of information that wasn’t a matter of public record like it is today,” said Mr. Wiley.
“Like Carrie did in her Bible and journal,” added Winkie.
Mr. Wiley’s head bobbed up and down. “That’s right. Mae said that’s how some of these ancestry groups get their information. Family members pool dates and stories they got from personal letters, Bibles, and diaries .. things like that.”
“That’s what we’re finding out,” said Winkie. We’re getting most of our facts from things Carrie wrote or people wrote to her. We’ve got another box she left from her time at the library.”
“We’ve started looking through it,” said Lynn Ann. “The box mostly has a lot of books.”
“Thank goodness Carrie was sort of a pack rat. She stuck a lot of things in the books,” added Winkie. “Hopefully, when we have more time to go through her keepsakes, we’ll find something important,” Winkie said as she walked.
When they entered the room, there was a large desk with a computer set up. Papers were scattered all around. One stack had a bright red post-it note attached to it with the photo of Robert and his sister on top. Mrs. Wiley had written: “For the girls.”
Mr. Wiley picked up the papers and handed them to Winkie. “Here you go. Hopefully, what Mae found will help your investigation.”
“Thanks,” said Winkie.
“Yes, thank you very much . . . everything helps,” added Lynn Ann.
Then Mr. Wiley picked up another stack of papers. “I looked through Granddaddy and Daddy’s papers, but this is all I found. These are some notes and stamps and things they collected over the years, but nothing from 1883 – 1887.”
It was difficult for Winkie and Lynn Ann to hide the disappointment from their faces.
“Chins up, ladies!” A wide smile tugged his lips upward. “I remember my daddy giving anything to do with his years at the post office to the Historical Society. I’ll bet they have them archived down at the museum.”
“You’re right!” exclaimed Winkie. She turned to Lynn Ann. “Remember when our class visited the museum? There was a room set up to hold all the things they brought over when the new post office was built.”
Lynn Ann’s head bobbed enthusiastically. “They recreated an exhibit to look like the old-fashioned Post Office and General Store of the eighteen hundred and early nineteen hundred site.”
Winkie and Lynn Ann slapped their palms together in a high-five. “I can’t believe we didn’t think of looking there before!”
All three laughed at their mistake.
“Well, sometimes the most obvious things are not the easiest to see,” he said. “Do you still want these papers?”
“Not the ones from the post office,” said Lynn Ann. “But could we borrow the ones your wife left for us?”
“You can have them. Mae made these copies. Just return the photo.”
“Of course,” said Winkie.
“You’ve been a tremendous help!” called Lynn Ann as she and Winkie headed outside.

A Visit to the Post Office
Lynn Ann and Winkie went straight home after school on Thursday.
Winkie raced through the front door, threw down her backpack, and grabbed Laurel’s leash.
“Slow down, slow down.” Aunt Susan laughed. “I know you’re in a hurry to get to the old post office.”
“I’m sorry . . . but I just can’t wait to see what we might discover.”
Aunt Susan nodded. “But don’t rush Laurel and Rags through their lessons.” She patted Laurel’s head. “They’ve been such attentive students.”
“We won’t,” promised Winkie and gave her aunt a hug. “We’ve worked too hard to slack off now.”
Winkie met Lynn Ann in front of her house, and they led Laurel and Rags to the park. The girls reviewed the first two lessons. Both dogs had learned “sit” and “down,” and did the command the first time and each time they were told.
Aunt Susan had packed a brown bag filled with snacks. She’d included Doogie Doo-Dads for Rags and Laurel, and she had put in chocolate-chip cookies for the girls.
The four settled in at a picnic bench.
“Do we need to look for anything else beside the receipts for the packages Carrie sent and received from November 1883 – June 1887?” asked Winkie.
“We are mostly looking for the contents of what was in the packages sent to Carrie and where they came from, I guess,” answered Lynn Ann. “But we need to look at everything closely just so we don’t overlook anything that might turn out to be important.”
Winkie nodded. “As Mr. Wiley said, sometimes the most obvious things are not the easiest to see.”
When they’d finished their cookies, they put their trash in the paper recycling can.
“I’m so glad Mrs. Callahan said we could bring Rags and Laurel inside the museum with us. That saves us a trip home,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie looked down at the dogs and smiled. “It’s so much better to know that they will be well-behaved when we take them in.”
Lynn Ann agreed.
And Rags and Laurel lived up to their newly-earned good reputation. They were as good as little angels while the girls studied what the Historical Society had displayed for all to see. Volunteers had set up a replica of the old post office, just like the one Ezekiel Wiley would have worked in.
Everything was in order and arranged by date. There was a large, faded green ledger where all the Post Masters had recorded what came in and what went out of the Bell Buckle Post Office. The ledger was under glass, and it was opened to a page that dated back to the 1870’s.
Lynn Ann gave Winkie the handle to Rags’s leash. “I’ll go ask Mrs. Callahan if she can open the case and show us what is recorded for the dates we need.”
Winkie nodded and took the leash. In a few minutes, Lynn Ann returned with Mrs. Callahan who had a ring of keys in her right hand.
“Sorry, girls, but I can’t remove the ledger and you girls can’t touch it.” She smiled apologetically. “It’s the museum’s policy. We want to preserve what we have. Some of these things are very old. Some of them so brittle that they’ll fall apart if handled too roughly.”
For a second time, their faces couldn’t hide their disappointment. “We understand,” they said in unison . . . their voices low and sad.
“What about if you tell me the dates you’re interested in and I turn the pages?” she asked.
“Are you allowed?” asked Winkie.
Mrs. Callahan nodded. “I need to use special gloves. I’ll be right back.”
While she was gone, Lynn Ann went to get the blue notebook from her backpack.
When Mrs. Callahan returned, she was wearing sheer white plastic gloves. “All ready. Tell me what you need.”
While Winkie held on to Rags and Laurel’s leashes, Lynn Ann took notes of every transaction Carrie Thatcher had with the mail service during the years her husband was missing. There wasn’t much. Mostly presents exchanged during holidays and various birthday, wedding, and baby gifts. Right after Jackson had been born in May 1884, Carrie had received several gifts for her baby boy. The senders had filled out the information about what was in the boxes when they’d mailed their packages. The ledger from the Bell Buckle Post Office had those forms and then recorded that people had sent clothing, blankets, booties, two stuffed animals, and a rattle.
When they’d finished, Winkie and Lynn Ann thanked Mrs. Callahan.
She smiled. “Anytime,” she said. “And bring back those sweet little doggies, too. They have such good manners!”
The girls continued their walk home.
“We got a lot done for one day,” said Lynn Ann.
“Rags and Laurel have learned so much . . . they are SO ready for Saturday,” said Winkie.
“And we have more information recorded for our file on Robert Thatcher,” said Lynn Ann.
“And, all we need to do is practice our report tonight after dinner,” said Winkie.
“I think our report is going to be great,” said Lynn Ann. “Everyone is going to love looking at the Gazettes.”

The Smithy Shop
Winkie and Lynn Ann’s history report couldn’t have gone any better. They’d been able to answer all the questions everybody asked, but the best part had been The Bell Buckle Gazettes. Their teacher had allowed extra time for their presentation so everyone could look through them.
Their classmates had laughed at the funny looking advertisements and clothes people wore. They loved the local news stories about people stealing pies cooling on window sills and laundry hanging on the line to dry. Most of those robberies had been blamed on hobos who’d taken them for food and something to wear and then had escaped by jumping on a train boxcar and leaving for good.
The kids also liked the personal ads, especially the ones with the love verses.
Their project had been so well received that they got an A-plus!
The day was only going to get better. Mr. Thatcher had said for them to come by after school to rummage through his blacksmith shop because he’d added a few more things – some furniture.
Winkie and Lynn Ann couldn’t wait to ask Mr. Thatcher if he knew that his great-granddaddy had a sister.
When they told him, he simply nodded and said, “I did know he had a sister, but she died very young. Nobody ever talked about it . . . just said it was a shame she’d been taken before she’d had a chance to experience life.” He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “You think that makes a difference . . . that he had a sister?”
“We’re not sure,” Winkie had to admit. “But Mrs. Wiley had a picture of your great-granddad and her on the Fourth of July in 1883 at their home in Fayetteville.”
Lynn Ann removed the photo from her backpack and gave it to him.
He looked at the picture and nodded.
“You don’t think it’s odd they went back to Fayetteville so soon after they moved to Bell Buckle?” asked Winkie.
“He and great-grandmama were probably just homesick.” He shook his head no and returned the picture. He looked at Winkie. “And, I don’t see how that could make a difference in him disappearing almost four months later.”
“I guess I have to agree, Winkie.” Lynn Ann’s shoulders slumped. “It doesn’t seem all that odd to go home for a celebration and visit family all the time. Maybe they were just homesick.”
For now, Winkie couldn’t think of a good reason to disagree. “But leave the visit on our timeline anyway, Lynn Ann.”
“Timeline?” asked Mr. Thatcher, his eyebrows arching upward.
“We’re using the journals, newspapers, and receipts to try to figure out what happened between October 1883 and June 1887, the time Carrie collected the Gazettes, to make him want to leave his wife and never come back,” explained Lynn Ann.
“So, we started on March 30, 1883, when Carrie wrote in her journal that they’d moved to Bell Buckle,” added Lynn Ann.
“Well, sounds like you girls are making good headway,” said Mr. Thatcher. “But I need to get back to work on my writing if you don’t have any more questions.”
“We’d like to go back to the blacksmith shop right now if it is all right with you,” said Winkie.
“Of course, it’s okay with me,” said Mr. Thatcher. “Just remember to close all the doors and windows when you’ve finished. Sometimes the wind blows them open and all sorts of critters can get inside.”
Winkie and Lynn Ann promised they would.
Just as they got to the front door, Mr. Thatcher called out. “Just a warning, Mrs. Nash brought over some more things for the book I’m writing. Things may be moved around some since you were in there last.”
“Hopefully, we’ll find something new,” said Lynn Ann. “We’re going to look in the furniture you took in there.”
“Maybe we’ll find another clue,” said Winkie.
“I hope so,” he said, sighing as he walked them to the door. “Good luck.” Then he closed the door behind them.
“It’s getting colder out here.” Lynn Ann rubbed her hands together and blew hot air onto her fingers. “I should have worn gloves.”
“I’ll be glad when the weather decides to stay nice . . . this going from cold to warm gets me too eager for spring!” Winkie tightened the woolen scarf around her neck as they trudged against the wind toward the blacksmith shop.
Once inside, Winkie tugged the chain to turn on the light bulb. The bare bulb swayed back and forth and spread light around them. The shadow of the blub danced across the walls of the shed. On their last visit, they’d focused most of their time on the equipment in the shop.
“I think today we need to look inside some of the cabinets and the furniture Mr. Thatcher placed in here,” suggested Winkie.
“As much as I don’t want to run the risk of finding one of Mr. Thatcher’s critters, I’m afraid you’re right. We need to give this place a more thorough going-over this time,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie placed her hands on her hips. All the boxes were piled in a far corner of the room. “I’ll start on this side and you can begin over there. We’ll meet in the center and look at Mrs. Nash’s box last.”
Winkie tried lifting the first box. It didn’t look so big, but when she wedged her arms underneath, it wouldn’t budge. Planting her feet firmly on the packed, dirt floor she pulled. Little by little, with short pulls, she was able to scoot the box away from the others. When she opened it, books were inside.
“No wonder I couldn’t lift it,” said Winkie. “The whole box is filled with books.”
“It’s one of the boxes Mrs. Callahan brought over.” Lynn Ann jumped up and ran over. “Let me see.” She squatted beside her friend.
“Wow!” exclaimed Winkie. “Wait until we show Mr. Thatcher these.”
Lynn Ann lifted one of the books. “This looks like a copy of poems by Emily Dickenson.” She carefully thumbed through the pages. A musky odor tickled her nostrils causing her to sneeze.
“And here are some copies of some of the text books the kids must have used in school back then.” Winkie turned to the title page and looked at the date. “1860.”
“That’s before the Civil War,” whispered Lynn Ann. She picked up a piece of paper. “This note says that this box is from the Bell Buckle Elementary School.”
“Guess everyone is helping Mr. Thatcher with his research,” said Winkie.
The girls removed one book after the other. “I could go through these all day,” said Winkie, “but we need to get back to our work. None of these look like they’re going to help us with our case.”
Reluctantly, Lynn Ann returned to her side and Winkie moved to the next box. When they’d finished, they shook their heads.
“No clues here,” said Winkie. Then she looked at what had been hidden behind the boxes. “I don’t remember that dresser being there the other day.”
The dresser was small and made of dark wood, the top warped and splintery. “It’s so little,” said Lynn Ann as she lightly rubbed her fingers across the uneven surface. “Mr. Thatcher did say he put a few more pieces from the attic in here.”
“I think it’s a baby dresser,” said Winkie. She opened two of the three drawers, but there was nothing inside – just a dank smell.
Lynn Ann scrunched up her nose and then waved a hand in front of her face. “Pee-eew!”
Winkie tried pulling out the bottom drawer, but it was stuck.
“Let me help,” said Lynn Ann. Together they pulled and pulled. “See if you can find something to wedge it open,” she huffed to Winkie.
In the tool area, Winkie spotted some knives. She removed one with a long thin blade.
“Don’t cut yourself,” she cautioned as she handed it to Lynn Ann.
Carefully, Lynn Ann slid in the blade between the slight crack between the drawer and the piece of wood dividing it from the drawer above it. She wiggled it around a few times. “There’s definitely something blocking it.”
“Try moving it in different directions,” suggested Winkie.
Lynn Ann slid the blade back and forth a few times, and then suddenly there was a plunking sound. “Whatever that was, I think it was what was keeping the drawer from sliding out.”
The girls smiled at each other.
Lynn Ann pulled, and the drawer glided out on the first try.
Inside was a silver baby rattle. On one end were the initials JT and on the other end of the rattle was May 2, 1884. But more important, in the middle, the place where a baby would put his hand was a small leaf – the special mark of Robert Thatcher.
Lynn Ann looked at Winkie. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” she asked.
Winkie’s head slowly moved up and down. “If Robert Thatcher left on October 31, 1883 and never returned . . .” her words trailed off.
And her friend finished the sentence. “Then how did he know the day his son was born?” continued Winkie.
“And if he made the rattle someplace else,” said Lynn Ann. “How did it end up back here in Bell Buckle?”
The girls carefully placed the rattle to the side and then rummaged once more through the last piece of furniture Mr. Thatcher had given them. They replaced everything as they’d found them in the blacksmith shop and then closed the doors as they left.
“We need to ask Mr. Thatcher if we can borrow this rattle for our investigation,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann’s face flashed a look of alarm. “We can’t tell him about the date just yet!”
“No, no, no,” reassured Winkie trying to calm Lynn Ann down. “Not until we’ve found out more.”
“A lot more,” added Lynn Ann. “I think I remember seeing a rattle listed on one of those postal receipts from the post office yesterday . . . the ones listing the contents of the gifts Carrie received in the mail when Jackson was born.”
“You’re right!” exclaimed Winkie. She looked at the setting sun. “It’s too late to work on this tonight. Maybe tomorrow –”
“After obedience lessons,” said Lynn Ann.
“We can meet in my room and spread out all the clues,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann jumped up and down and grabbed Winkie’s hands. “Hopefully, we’ll soon find out why Mr. Thatcher disappeared!”
“Maybe,” cautioned Winkie. “We are definitely getting closer.”

Time to Focus
Winkie and Lynn Ann lined up side-by-side, with Laurel and Rags obediently positioned next to them. The owners and their dogs lined up across the gym waiting their turn to be tested. When Mrs. Pace got to them, both dogs performed their lessons perfectly.
“Good boy, Rags,” said Mrs. Pace as she patted the Basset’s head. Then she turned to face Winkie. Looking down, she said, “And you’re such a good girl, too, Laurel.” Laurel’s tail thumped madly, but she remained in her down, crouched position.
Mrs. Pace walked back to the front of the class. “Lesson Three may be the most important class of this series. You are going to teach your dogs to ‘stay.’”
For the next thirty minutes, the girls worked with their dogs. Unfortunately, each time Mrs. Pace created a distraction, Rags and Laurel lost their focus, but so did all the other dogs. When Mrs. Pace threw a ball, ten rowdy dogs raced to see who could retrieve the ball first . . . no matter how sternly each owner screamed, “STAY!”
Mrs. Pace looked at the clock. “Okay, that’s all the time we have for today.” Her eyes scanned the class. “Looks like everyone has a lot of work ahead of them this week.”
As they made their way out of the community center, Lynn Ann said, “See you at 12:30?”
Winkie nodded. “That gives us enough time to eat lunch,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann nodded. “I’ll bring everything I have.”
“And we’ll add what I have and see how best to begin,” said Winkie. “And if we have any specific questions, we’ll know who we need to talk to.”
“Great thinking,” said Lynn Ann. “Now that we turned in our history report, and Rags and Laurel are doing so well in class, we can get down to business on the Thatcher Files!”
Winkie shook her head. “I feel we are so close, but we have so much information I don’t know what’s important and what isn’t”
Lynn Ann smiled. “We’ll follow Mrs. Pace’s advice.”
“We need to focus.”
• • •
At 12:30 sharp, Lynn Ann walked into Winkie’s bedroom. The girls lined up all their information on the floor. First, they placed the Bible with Carrie’s journal on top in one area. Next, Lynn Ann placed The Bell Buckle Gazettes in a stack next to them. Then in another area, they put all the loose receipts and scraps of papers and notes. In a last area, they laid the rattle, the picture of April taken with her brother Robert on the Fourth of July, and the box of Carrie’s things they’d brought home from the library.
“Now what?” asked Lynn Ann.
“Well, get out our timeline and read what we have so far. See if we’ve forgotten to include anything.”
Lynn Ann nodded as she retrieved the blue notebook and turned to the page where she’d recorded their findings. Beside each, she’d written the source of the information. Then they added April’s death and the dates they’d learned from the ledger at the Old Post Office. The new timeline looked like this.
Dates We Know for Sure:
January 23, 1883 – Robert and Carrie marry (Bible)
March 30, 1883 – Robert and Carrie move to Bell Buckle (journal)
June 8, 1883 – Robert and Carrie buy their house (property deed)
July 4, 1883 – Robert and Carrie return to Fayetteville to visit their families (photo)
September 30, 1883 – Carrie tells Robert they are going to have a baby (journal)
November 1, 1883 – Robert left the night before (journal)
December 1883 – Carrie begins collecting The Bell Buckle Gazettes (newspapers)
May 2, 1884 – Jackson is born (Bible, journal, and rattle)
May 1884 – Carrie begins receiving baby gifts from home (postal receipts)
July 1884 – Carrie receives rattle made by Robert (postal receipt)
August 15, 1885 – April dies (Bible)
June 1887 – Carrie stops saving The Bell Buckle Gazettes (newspapers)
June 1887 – Carrie stops speaking to her husband as if he were alive (journal)
September 15, 1888 – Carrie starts work at the Bell Buckle Library
Winkie picked up the Thatcher family Bible and turned to the first page. “This is where she listed everyone’s births, weddings, and deaths.”
“Let’s focus on the dates that start when Robert and Carrie married,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie nodded. Her eyes traveled down the entries. “Okay, let’s check the Bible dates. They married on January 23, 1883.”
Lynn Ann put a check mark by that date. “Next.”
“Then Jackson was born on May 2, 1884. Then the next date listed is when April Thatcher died – August 15, 1885.” Winkie looked up. “There’s a long break until Carrie records Jackson’s marriage, the birth of his children Steve and Jewel, and then the births of Steve’s children – Mary, Sue, and Robert.”
“Not relevant to our investigation.” Lynn Ann smiled. “But we’ll have to make sure our Mr. Thatcher keeps this Bible so he can record his wedding and any future Thatchers when those days come.”
Winkie laughed. She closed the Bible and then picked up the journal.
“Their move to Bell Buckle starts Carrie’s journal, and then after that she talks about the people they meet, and looking for a place of their own. They bought their house on June 8, 1883. Then the trip to Fayetteville for the Fourth of July.”
Lynn Ann nodded. “Got it.”
Winkie continued. “Then she doesn’t mention anything until September 30, 1883: ‘I told Robert this morning at breakfast we are going to have a baby. He is overwhelmed, talking about all the things he wants to do as a father.’”
“Doesn’t sound like he’s thinking about going anywhere,” said Lynn Ann.
“No, it doesn’t.” Winkie sighed. “And then the next entry is November 1, 1883 when she simply says, ‘Robert left last night.” She flipped forward several pages, her eyes scanning Carrie’s handwritten words.
“Anything?”
“Nope. She just talks about normal routine activities until Jackson is born On May second . . . like nothing ever happened.”
Lynn Ann smiled. “She didn’t write much about their trip to Fayette that summer.”
“But, she was homesick.”
Lynn Ann nodded. “You could tell it in her writing.”
“If she was so homesick, you’d think she’d written a lot more about it.” Winkie shrugged and then looked at the other three stacks. She placed her hands on the newspapers.
“Let’s leave those for last,” suggested Lynn Ann. “I feel we’ve read them cover-to-cover while we were researching our report.”
Silently, Winkie, too, felt like she couldn’t go through those newspapers again right now. She looked at the rattle, picture, and the box from the library. “Well, I suppose these things are the next closest to Carrie personally.” She lifted the rattle and turned it to its side. “The rattle definitely has “JT” etched on one end and “May-2-1884” etched on the other.”
“And Robert Thatcher’s special mark – ” began Lynn Ann.
“The small leaf – ”
“Is in the middle.”
Winkie lay the rattle on top of the Bible and the journal. Then she picked up the picture of April and Robert. “And we know for sure who these two are.”
Lynn Ann held out her hand. “May I see that picture for a minute?”
“Sure,” said Winkie as she passed the photo over.
Lynn Ann stared intensely at the images.
“What are you looking for?” asked Winkie.
“Some kind of clue,” answered Lynn Ann.
“Like what?”
Lynn Ann placed the picture on the floor between them so they could both concentrate. “Something we may not have noticed before.”
“Still looks just a picture of them with the quilt to me,” said Winkie.
“I don’t know . . . maybe we should look at everything except the quilt and Robert and his sister,” suggested Lynn Ann.
The girls studied the photo for a long time.
“April sure was pretty,” said Winkie. “She looked a lot like her brother.”
“It’s a shame she died so young,” said Lynn Ann. “And no one ever mentioned how she died.”
Again, they were quiet.
They reviewed their timeline, feeling confident all these dates were accurate.
It was close to dinner time, and they were more discouraged than ever about finding the answers they’d been searching for the last couple of weeks. It was just the same old information over and over. They needed a new clue in this case . . . soon!
“My eyes are crisscrossing – these dates just don’t mean anything – it’s a waste of our time,” said Winkie. “We’re never going to find out what happened to Mr. Thatcher’s great-grandfather!” She pushed all the papers aside and stood, walking to her window.
Lynn Ann went over to her friend and placed a hand on her shoulder. “We need to take a break, and then we can work more later . . . everything is just getting blurry.”
“Let’s ask Aunt Susan and your mom if you can have supper at my house tonight,” said Winkie.
“Maybe when we go through those books and cards in Carrie’s library things tonight, something new will pop up.”

The Golden Clue
“Slow down, girls,” said Mr. Hardy as he watched Winkie and Lynn Ann gobble their way through the roast beef, mashed potatoes and gravy, and green bean casserole.
Winkie set down her fork. “I’m sorry, Aunt Susan,” she said.
“Me, too,” said Lynn Ann, consciously chewing her food more carefully.
“I know you spent a lot of time preparing this meal.” Winkie sighed. “It’s just that we are so close to figuring out what happened to Mr. Thatcher’s great-granddaddy.”
Lynn Ann held up her thumb and index finger, a hair-width apart. “This close!”
Aunt Susan smiled. “You girls have worked so hard this week with Laurel and Rags, and on your report for your history class.”
“I heard from Mrs. Pace how well your two students are progressing in their lessons.” Mr. Hardy wiped his mouth and then laid the napkin beside his plate. “And I got an email blast from the Board of the Historical Society that your report was so good, they have invited you to present it to everyone at a get together tomorrow after church.”
It was true. Mrs. Callahan was having a reception for them not only to share what they’d learned about tuberculosis, but also to give the community a chance to look through The Bell Buckle Gazettes. Mr. Thatcher was even going to donate the newspapers to the museum after Winkie and Lynn Ann were finished with their case.
Aunt Susan’s gaze traveled from Lynn Ann to Winkie. “And like you gave Laurel and Rags treats when they did a good job, I think you girls deserve a reward as well.”
The girls’ faces lit up.
“So, we’re giving you each a bag of Doggie Doo-Dads,” said Mr. Hardy, his eyes dancing with merriment.
“Doggie Doo-Dads!” Their horrified expressions said it all.
“No, no.” Mr. Hardy held up his hands. “Just kidding. Just kidding.”
“But not about the treat,” Aunt Susan quickly added. “Go on upstairs. While I clear the table, your dad will bring the cherry pie and ice cream to your room, Winkie.”
Winkie jumped up from her chair. “Thank you!” she exclaimed.
Once inside the bedroom, the girls took their places on the floor again.
Winkie removed all the things from the library box. “Let’s go through these books.”
Lynn Ann nodded. “Carrie stuck a lot of things in books.”
Carefully, they went through each book, pulling out a few letters from family and friends, Bible verses, Carrie’s handwritten reminders to herself, recipes for meals with names of the people she planned to take them to, and more receipts from the General Store. They poured over each letter, each reminder . . . everything! No new clues. Winkie held up one of the letters. “Hmm, this envelope is empty.” She looked on the back. “Nothing written on this side either.” She put the empty envelope aside.
“Oh my gosh,” said Lynn Ann, holding up a photo. “Here’s another picture of Robert and April.”
Winkie took the photo. “And this one was taken in the fall.”
“How can you tell?” asked Lynn Ann as she scooted closer.
“There are a couple of Jack-o-lanterns sitting on the hearth,” said Winkie.
“Oh yeah, I was so busy looking at Robert and April that I didn’t notice the background,” she said. “And look over on the other side of the fireplace . . . there’s a pot of mums.”
“Definitely fall . . . definitely Halloween,” mulled Winkie aloud.
They turned the photo over. Someone had written: November 1883 before their trip.”
Lynn Ann’s heart raced. She looked at the picture of April and her brother. “Okay, let’s think about this . . . let’s say Robert Thatcher did go to Fayetteville on Halloween night, and Carrie knew he was going. Why wouldn’t she tell anyone?”
“Yes, why keep it a secret?” agreed Winkie.
“What would the secret be, I wonder?” Lynn Ann’s voice was soft and low. “A secret means you want to keep something hidden.”
“Usually something bad or embarrassing,” said Winkie.
“Not necessarily, sometimes it can be a good thing . . . like a surprise party.” Lynn Ann studied the photograph some more. “Judging from the sad faces, I don’t think it was something good.”
Winkie looked at the picture again, too. “They definitely don’t look happy.” She paused before beginning again. “And he never returned . . . you’d think if it was something good, he would have come home.”
“Or had his wife and son join him,” added Lynn Ann.
Winkie studied the picture. “April seems more than sad. Get that picture of them taken on the Fourth of July.”
Lynn Ann grabbed the picture and placed it next to the other one. “April has lost of lot of weight.”
“And she looks pale and has dark circles under her eyes.” Winkie took Lynn Ann’s hand in hers as she said, “She was sick.”
“Tuberculosis?”
Winkie nodded. “This gives us an important piece of our mystery. We now know that Robert Thatcher left for Fayetteville on October 31, 1883.”
“To take a trip with his sister,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie’s mind churned. “It’s just a thought, but what if he went to Fayetteville to get April and then they went someplace else where she could get treatment.”
“The reason for their trip.” Lynn Ann looked at the second picture of Robert and April. “Some place like out West where it was warm and dry and had tuberculosis clinics,” she continued with this line of thought as she recalled their report.
“Afterall, Fayetteville is close to Atlanta.”
“And in the late 1800’s Atlanta was one of the few cities with a railway station that went all over the United States,” added Lynn Ann.
“We have a reasonable idea about that night and what may have happened. But how did Robert and Carrie communicate with each other in the meanwhile?” asked Winkie.
“Let’s go over these postal receipts,” suggested Lynn Ann. “And look at the package the rattle came in.” After flipping through a few papers, she found what she was looking for. “Here are my notes from the ledger where Ezekiel wrote down the baby gifts and where the package came from and the date it was postmarked. All the gifts arrived the same day, in the same package. And they came from Fayetteville.”
“Yes, we recorded those dates,” reminded Winkie as she tapped their timeline.
Winkie rummaged through the rest of Lynn Ann’s notes. “And here’s where you wrote about the other package, the package the rattle came in.” She straightened. “Hmm . . . look at this.”
“It didn’t come until much later, and it came from Fayetteville, too,” observed Lynn Ann.
“But we know it had to come from Robert Thatcher because it had Jackson’s initials and birth date on it . . .”
“And it had Mr. Thatcher’s special mark – the leaf,” continued Lynn Ann.
“Well, he could have made it before . . .” started Winkie.
“But,” interrupted Lynn Ann. “It wasn’t like it is now. Parents can find out if they are having a boy or girl. Back then, they didn’t know until after the baby was born.”
“And now, sometimes people even know when their baby will be born.”
“So, we know that he had to wait until after Jackson was born.” Lynn Ann pursed her lips. “But even allowing time for him to make the rattle, it doesn’t explain why it took so long for the rattle to get to Bell Buckle.”
“Maybe it came from a lot farther away.”
“Exactly . . . like out West,” inserted Winkie. “If we’re thinking he went with April to a clinic.”
“Maybe he sent it from where he and April were to his parents, and then his parents sent it to Carrie,” suggested Lynn Ann.
“So, another secret?” Lynn Ann shook her head. “Not only did Carrie not want people to know why her husband left, she also didn’t want them to know where he was going.”
“And any package from there would have raised suspicions,” said Winkie.
The girls sat in silence. They were dumfounded. While they were getting closer to their answer, they were also coming up with more questions.
“They wanted to keep Robert’s involvement with tuberculosis a secret,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie had to agree. “They wanted to keep his disappearance a secret because some people thought it was shameful and others didn’t want you around if they thought you’d been with someone who had tuberculosis.”
Lynn Ann picked up the empty envelope that Winkie had placed to the side and looked at the post mark. “The photo must have come in this envelope. It’s dated November 4, 1883.”
“At this point, this was the only communication from Robert to Carrie,” said Lynn Ann.
Winkie nodded. “And her journal confirms that somehow she knew he was alive until June 1887.”
Lynn Ann laughed. “They didn’t have email back then either.”
Winkie’s eyes widened. “But they did have the personals in The Bell Buckle Gazettes.”
“Let’s look at our timeline and cross check it with the newspapers and see what we find out.”
For the rest of the night, the girls poured over the Bible and Carrie’s journal matching dates they knew to be correct: November 1, 1883 day after Robert Thatcher disappeared, and August 15, 1885 when April died. They checked those dates with personal ads in the newspapers, and when Lynn Ann returned home that night, the girls felt sure they knew the answer to why Robert Thatcher, a devoted husband and a soon-to-be father, had disappeared.

All the Pieces Fit
Sunday morning brought bright blue skies and a soft sun. All traces of snow had disappeared. Palm Sunday promised to be a cool, but beautiful cloudless day . . . spring had finally arrived in Bell Buckle. People congregated on the lawn that stretched out behind and on both sides of the church.
Winkie and Lynn Ann had barely been able to keep their thoughts on Pastor Flynn’s message of the upcoming events for Holy Week – the things that happened between Palm Sunday and Easter Sunday, the day they would celebrate the Risen Jesus. Their minds traveled to their presentation that afternoon at the Historical Society and to the news they had for Mr. Thatcher. As they waited outside the church, their eyes searched for him.
Suddenly, Winkie grabbed Lynn Ann’s shoulder with one hand, and pointed toward a group of people assembled beside the flower garden at the far corner of the backyard.
“Look, there he is!” shouted Winkie.
Together they ran to the small group surrounding Mr. Thatcher.
“Good morning, girls,” he greeted, turning to face them.
“Good morning,” said Lynn Ann. Not wanting to appear rude, she said, “When you have some time, Winkie and I need to talk to you.” Then she leaned in closer and lowered her voice, “Alone. About your great-granddaddy.”
Winkie, biting down her excitement, never opened her mouth.
Mr. Thatcher turned to the others in the group and said, “If you’ll excuse me, I have some business I need to attend to.”
When they were at a safe distance, Winkie spoke.
“I think we have discovered why your great-granddaddy disappeared.”
Then together, they related their theory of what happened between Halloween 1883 and June 1887.
Mr. Thatcher smiled. “You don’t know how grateful I am.” He paused to collect his emotions. “But I need to ask you for one more favor.”
“Sure,” said Lynn Ann.
“Anything for you, Mr. Thatcher,” added Winkie.
“Today, after you give your report at the Historical Society gathering, I want you to share what you have uncovered about the disappearance of Robert Thatcher.”
• • •
That afternoon, after Lynn Ann and Winkie finished their report, Mr. Thatcher walked to the front of the room. He stood between the girls and faced the audience.
Clearing his throat, he began, “All of you know the story of my great-grandfather’s disappearance.” He lowered his face. “And how I tried to use the story of his ghost returning each Halloween.” He sighed. “While I’m happy everything ended on a good note, I felt I needed to make it up to my Bell Buckle friends to find out what did happen to Great-granddad.” He looked down at the girls. “So, I hired the two best detectives I know to solve the mystery of ‘whatever happened to Robert Thatcher.’”
Mr. Thatcher returned to his seat.
Lynn Ann stepped forward. “This mystery began over a hundred years ago. People were stunned. No one could understand why such a good man – a devoted husband and soon-to-be-father would abandon those he loved.”
Winkie took a step closer to the audience. No one spoke; not a paper rustled.
“Mr. Thatcher gave us boxes that belonged to his great-grandmother, Carrie Thatcher,” said Winkie. “We laid out everything we had, and then we decided what would be the best way to proceed.”
“Now remember,” cautioned Lynn Ann. “Our conclusions are just a theory since no one here was alive at the time these things happened.”
“Here we go.” Winkie smiled. “It’s a story of sacrifice, not abandonment.”
Lynn Ann and Winkie moved over to a long table that had four small boxes on top of it. From the first box, Lynn Ann removed Carrie’s Bible and her journal. She handed the journal to Winkie.
“We began by reading and studying what Carrie herself told us . . . what she wrote down,” explained Winkie.
Lynn Ann opened the Bible. “There are many dates in this Bible listing births, marriages, and deaths, all recorded in their family Bible, the Bible given to Robert and Carrie as a wedding present by their parents.”
“And Carrie’s journal began when she and Robert moved to Bell Buckle and continued until a few months before she died in 1943. It’s filled with the things anyone would write about in a diary. Just everyday happenings.”
Winkie read the first entry aloud. “March 30, 1883 – Arrived late last night and will stay with Ezekiel and Fannie until we find a place of our own.”
Lynn Ann explained about the close relationship between the two couples.
“The next entries talk about the daily lives of Carrie and Robert, the people they met, and their search for a home,” continued Winkie. Then she selected a few passages to read out loud. She read the one about their trip back home to Fayetteville for the Fourth of July celebration.
“This is a picture of Robert and his sister taken at that celebration.” Lynn Ann passed around the picture.
While everyone looked at the photo, Winkie continued to read selections from Carrie’s journal, including the day Carrie told her husband he was going to be a father. Winkie paused and looked at each face assembled. She continued, “Then on November 1, 1883 Carrie wrote, ‘Robert left last night.’” Winkie looked out over the room. “Four simple words. On my first reading, I thought it was odd that she didn’t seem to show more emotion . . . more sadness, but as Lynn Ann and I dug deeper we began to notice curious things.”
Lynn Ann walked over to the next box and removed the stack of The Bell Buckle Gazettes. “These papers are where we got most of the information for the report you heard today.” She held up her hands. In each hand she held a newspaper. She moved her right hand forward. “This is the December 1883 Bell Buckle Gazette – the first issue Carrie saved.” Then Lynn Ann moved her left hand forward. “This is the last issue she saved – June 1887.”
Lynn Ann placed these two papers with the others and gazed out over her audience. “So, why did Carrie Thatcher save these forty-three issues?”
“I read Carrie’s journal cover-to-cover several times, and as I read deeper, looking for some clue, I noticed something that hadn’t been so obvious at first,” said Winkie. “From November 1883 to June 1887, she wrote as if she were talking directly to her husband. After that June in 1887, her tone changed. She wrote as if she were just recording days, not writing to anyone in particular.”
Winkie took the Bible from Lynn Ann and put it with the journal, placing both on top of the newspapers. She looked up. “This was our first link. This is when we had our first break in the case.”
Lynn Ann stood beside Winkie. “This is when we felt Carrie knew her husband was leaving . . .”
“Carrie was in on his disappearance . . .” interrupted Winkie. “So, she wasn’t worried.”
“Because she expected her husband to return,” said Lynn Ann.
“They both expected him to return,” confirmed Winkie. “That’s why she wrote as if Robert was still around.”
“Because during those years, Robert Thatcher was around,” said Lynn Ann. “He just wasn’t in Bell Buckle.”
“But still, why would he leave, in the shadow of a secret, in the first place?” questioned Winkie.
“And, why didn’t he return?” posed Lynn Ann. “We’ll come back to these Gazettes later.”
They moved to the next box and removed the postal receipts and several silver pieces made by Robert Thatcher, placing them on the table: a broach, a frame, and a silver cup. Lynn Ann picked up the items and walked toward the audience. She handed the frame to Mr. Thatcher, the broach to Mr. Wiley, and the cup to Mr. Hardy.
As Lynn Ann showed Robert Thatcher’s handiwork and then passed it around to everyone, Winkie explained. “If you look at each of these pieces, you’ll notice the initials “RT” and a small leaf between them. Like a lot of artists, Robert Thatcher used this symbol as his mark, his signature.”
Now Winkie removed the rattle from the box and handed it to Lynn Ann. “We found this rattle in a small dresser that belonged to Carrie. You’ll see that it’s dated May 2, 1884, the day their son Jackson was born. It also has their son’s initials on it. More important – it has Robert Thatcher’s mark.”
As Lynn Ann pointed out the etchings to everyone, Winkie talked. “So, how did he know he had a son? How did he know his name? How did he know the date he was born? And, how did the rattle get to Carrie?”
Lynn Ann walked back to the front of the room and placed the rattle on top of the Bible, the journal, and the newspapers. “Were Robert and Carrie able to communicate? If so, how? How was he able to get the rattle to her?”
Winkie smiled as she stood in front of the receipts. “During those days, people sent packages by the United States Postal Service. No Amazons or Fed-X’s in the 1800’s.”
“So, we visited Mr. Wiley – Ezekiel and Fannie’s grandson. He directed us to the post office in the Bell Buckle Museum. In a ledger we found there, we discovered a list of the packages Carrie received with the baby gifts family and friends sent to Jackson, along with the dates and locations they’d been sent from. All the packages came from Fayetteville, Georgia – Carrie and Robert’s hometown.”
“We found the written record with the information about the rattle in that same ledger. It, too, came from Fayetteville – but two months later.” Winkie placed the receipt next to the rattle. “Okay, if Robert Thatcher was in Fayetteville, why did his gift arrive so much later?”
“More curious, why didn’t he just come home to bring the rattle and see his wife and newborn son for himself?”
A murmur began to rise from their audience.
“Unless it came from someplace else,” ventured Winkie.
“Some place far, far away . . .” Lynn Ann said in a low voice. “Which brings us back to our original dilemma,” repeated Lynn Ann. “Where was Robert Thatcher and why did he leave in the first place?”
“And again. Why all the secrecy?” asked Winkie.
The girls went to the last box, the one they’d taken from the library.
“Carrie loved her books, and we also discovered she loved tucking things in those books. When we went through all the items in the boxes Mr. Thatcher gave us, we noticed she used an assortment of these as bookmarkers,” said Winkie.
Lynn Ann leaned over the box and pulled out some examples. “A recipe for fruitcake from someone named Delilah, a Valentine card from her mom and dad, many receipts where she’d bought food from the general store, and letters from home.”
“We went through all the envelopes and read each letter looking for clues. None of them had any anything new to add to our investigation. However, one envelope was empty, and it gave us a huge piece to our puzzle. The post office stamp said this letter was mailed from Fayetteville on November 4, 1883.” Then Winkie held up the second photograph. “This is the picture that was in that envelope, and if you look on the back of the picture, someone wrote ‘November 1883 before their trip.’”
Winkie handed the photo to Lynn Ann and she placed it with the first one of Robert and April taken the previous July.
“Lynn Ann is going to walk around and show you these two pictures. See if you notice anything.”
Mr. and Mrs. Lamb looked at the picture. “Why, April has lost a lot of weight.”
“And she looks very sick,” added Mrs. Pace.
Several other people gave their thoughts.
“She’s quite pale.”
“Looks fragile to me.”
“Look at those dark circles under her eyes.”
“We think April was infected with tuberculosis. We believe Robert left Halloween night to accompany his sister to a TB clinic out West,” said Winkie.
“But do you have any evidence?” asked Mr. Hardy.
“We think we do,” answered Lynn Ann. She walked back to the front of the room and laid down the two photos on the table with the rest of their accumulated facts for solving the mystery. She turned around and faced the audience. “These Gazettes were not only helpful on our report, but they also ended up answering some nagging questions.”
“Because we’d researched tuberculosis, we felt like we recognized its symptoms in April. But then, we could only suppose they went out west because we’d learned that from our research as well.”
“You’re right, Dad, we needed solid proof,” said Winkie. “And we found it because of you.”
“Me?” Mr. Hardy was shocked. He looked around the room, confusion contorting his face.
Lynn Ann laughed. “When you told us about the email blast about our presentation today. Most of our news and communication comes through the Internet.”
“That’s when we thought of the personal ads in The Bell Buckle Gazette. That was one way people got information to others,” said Winkie. “So, we decided to take dates we knew were real and try to link them to a corresponding newspaper.”
“We began with the first solid date: November 1, 1883, the day after Robert Thatcher left, and we looked in the December 1883 issue, the first one Carrie saved,” explained Lynn Ann. “This is what we found.”
Winkie removed the newspaper and read. “Arrived in Colorado last week. Still waiting for a space for A. Doctors say the clinic should have an available bed soon. Love, Bobby.”
“Don’t think I ever heard anyone call my great-grandfather Bobby, only Robert,” protested Mr. Thatcher.
“We never found anyone who called him Bobby, so that wouldn’t have drawn any attention from anyone else in Bell Buckle reading their local paper either,” said Winkie. “And A. would mean April. We tried another date to see if our theory was right.”
“There was April’s death recorded in the Bible, so we looked for that one,” said Lynn Ann. “In the September 1885 issue, we found this message: ‘On August 15, A. passed peacefully in the night. Her struggle is over. Hope to see you both at Christmas. Love, Bobby.’”
“Again, A. would mean April.” Winkie’s face became somber as she read the next message. “But he didn’t return. Only a month later, we found this: ‘Oh, my love. I’m afraid A. left something with me. For now, I must try to fight this monster. Love, Bobby.’”
“Robert Thatcher caught tuberculosis from his sister. We found several personals through the following months where ‘Bobby’ reports his declining health,” said Lynn Ann.
“The June 1887 issue brought this sad news,” reported Winkie. “Bobby left us last week. While he may be gone, I know his love for you two will never die. A Friend.”
“Once we made the connection, we found several messages to Carrie over the years. If you want to see them, we have set them aside for you to read,” said Lynn Ann.
“What about the editor of The Bell Buckle Gazette. Didn’t he suspect something?” asked Aunt Susan.
“We think not since Robert used the alias ‘Bobby.’ Like you, we feel everyone in Bell Buckle knew him as Robert. But, who really knows? That will remain a mystery. If the editor did know or suspect, he kept Carrie’s secret.”
A hush fell over the room.
A voice called out. “What about the candle? Why did Carrie place it in the window every Halloween?”

This Little Light of Mine
“What about the candle? Why did Carrie place it in the window every Halloween?” Winkie nodded her head slowly and left the front of the room and began walking around. “We think we might have an answer to that question.”
Lynn Ann smiled. “When we study literature, we learn about the characters from what they say, what they do, and what other characters say about them.”
“So, we decided to look at Carrie Thatcher this way and see if we could come up with a solution to that mystery,” began Winkie. “When we read Carrie’s journal, we learned what an accepting and giving person she was. She always spoke kindly of others. She never judged. She was full of forgiveness. Despite her husband leaving, she never complained or questioned his decision to help April from anything she wrote in her journal.”
“And she kept the reason for husband’s actions to herself and supported him in her heart with prayers,” inserted Lynn Ann. “Like she prayed for those around her.”
“Her activities tell us she loved her neighbors. She taught Sunday school. Visited the elderly. Fed the hungry. Attended to the sick,” continued Winkie. “We found recipes with scribblings of meals she prepared to take to families who’d just had a baby or who had someone out of work because of an injury, and to new neighbors moving to Bell Buckle.”
“We discovered Bible verses, inspirational poems, and prayers copied by Carrie and used as markers in the books she read,” said Lynn Ann. “We also found letters from others written to Carrie. Most were thank you notes for sitting with them during an illness, lending an ear to listen to burdens too difficult to bear alone, and pitching in to help on some community project.”
“Carrie Thatcher loved everyone – and everyone seemed to love her.” Winkie held up a note. “This was written by a man named Amos. ‘Dear Miss Carrie, Words can never tell you how much I appreciate your help by teaching me to read and write. All those many years ago, when others gave up on me, you didn’t. Those Saturday afternoons at the library paid off. Next week I’m off to Atlanta to begin college classes. I want to be a teacher. I want to be an inspiration to others, just like you.”
“Carrie was a joyful, obedient servant of God. Just like her husband Robert, she denied herself to the betterment of others.” Winkie paused, taking in every set of eyes focused on her. “But the candle in the window?”
Lynn Ann took out one last item from the library box. It was a large, folded banner. Lynn Ann held one end while Winkie held the other.
“On the four corners of the banner are holes that look like this banner was nailed to a wall,” said Winkie.
“Mr. Thatcher, would you read your great-grandmother’s message she displayed in her office at the library,” said Lynn Ann.
Everyone followed each word as Mr. Thatcher read aloud. “John 8:12.” He stopped and brushed a couple of tears streaming down his face. Clearing his throat, he read, “When Jesus spoke again to the people, he said, ‘I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.’”
“The light of life . . . that’s what Robert Thatcher was to Carrie, an earthly role model of what we all should be. He lost his life in hopes of saving his sister’s. We believe the candle served as a reminder of what Robert was, what Carrie dedicated her life to, and what we all should strive to do,” said Winkie.
“We believe Carrie kept all we have given you as a theory today a secret because humans by nature are scared of things they don’t understand,” said Lynn Ann.
“Like tuberculosis,” whispered Mr. Thatcher.
Winkie nodded. “And too often they make up stories to explain what they don’t know. Little was known about tuberculosis during the 1800’s, so she didn’t want to stir up rumors.”
“And remember,” said Lynn Ann. “She and her husband both thought he would return . . . healthy.”
“So, they didn’t want that stigma in case he did,” said Aunt Susan.
“Look at the misinformation about the candle, and then later the ghost and the candle,” said Winkie.
“To this day, some people still claim they see ghosts,” said Lynn Ann.
“This is a story of sacrifice on the part of Robert and Carrie Thatcher, not of abandonment.”
“Carrie handled her uncertainty by taking her mind off herself and her troubles and reaching out to others in kindness to help them through their struggles . . . to be a light to others.”
The End

For more stories and information about Janice Alonso:
Adventures at Bell Buckle Inn Series:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/byseries/21762
Love God. Love Others. Series (ages K – 2):
https://www.smashwords.com/books/byseries/25019
Love God. Love Me. Series (ages K – 2):
https://www.smashwords.com/books/byseries/38005
Adult Devotionals:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/byseries/46559
Facebook Author Page:
https://www.facebook.com/JaniceAlonsoauthor/
Order books:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/janicea
Website:
http://www.janicealonso.com/janicealonso.com/Welcome.html
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/jalonsoauthor1

