TIGER LILLY and the PRINCESS

By

Eric Thomas

Tiger Lilly lives in a country called Mandredela which is a long way from here and a long way from there. But close your eyes, you’ll find it anywhere.



 
CHAPTER 1


Tiger Lilly was upset. Today she was nine and quite old enough to go with them. Not only that, they had promised. Promised they would take her and yet here she was, and here they were not. And double not only that, but they had been excited about going to the circus for days and days and never once had they said they would ever think to go without her. Never once. They had even counted the days with her, counted them out and helped her tick them carefully on her calendar. She loved her sisters, really she did, but sometimes they made her angry. Very angry. At least they did at times like this. 
She could hardly believe it when she woke up to find their beds not even warm, so no telling what time they had left the house. How could they do this to her, especially on her birthday! One thing for certain: she would never speak to them again. Never ever! She would simply turn her back whenever they tried to talk to her, would pretend they simply weren’t there. For ever!
Suddenly she had a brilliant idea, knew exactly what she would do. There was no point whatsoever in asking her Mum or Dad if she could go on her own; they would simply say no and say she had to go with them later in the day, but that meant waiting until the afternoon and there was no way she could bear to wait that long. 
What she would do was hide under her bed until either her Mum or Dad came upstairs, found that she was missing and straight ways think she was at the circus with her sisters. Then – and this was the clever part – when they had left the house to work in the fields, she would sneak through the side door, hurry through the woods that bordered on the back of the farm, push through the gate and on to the lane that led to Yeltsin Town. Brilliant! She’d be on her way in no time. She had never been to Yeltsin on her own, but she had been with her Dad often enough and was sure she knew every step of the way. Well, nearly sure. Anyway, it was only a mile or two. Three maybe. Perhaps four.
Tiger Lilly lived with her family on one of the many farms that had squeezed themselves into every inch of the sprawling hills and valleys that stretched from Yeltsin Town to the high and forbidding Madre Mountains that marked the border of their tiny country. Mandredela was the name of their country and Yeltsin was the second largest town. That did not mean Yeltsin was large. Truth to tell, it was little more than a village, but it had a three-storey town hall with a steeple and a huge bell that sounded for miles and that was enough to make Yeltsin feel grand enough to call itself a town. Even the capital, Suchno City, ten miles away, was small, but what to expect of a country that was often forgotten by the rest of the world. Forgotten or given some silly, made-up name by those know-nothing people who drew the maps. Probably never moved more than a mile from home any one of them. There were even some – and more than a few, truth to tell - who liked to say Mandredela was a magic country. Well maybe it was and, then again, maybe it wasn’t. 
Like most of their neighbours, Tiger Lilly’s family was poor and though her father owned a large section of land, he had to work from first light until it was too dark to see so that there could be enough food to feed his family. They kept a few chickens and goats on the farm, but cabbage and beans and rice were mostly all they had to eat except for the years when the harvest was good. Wonderful they were, those rare years of plenty, for they were the times when they were able to sell enough of their vegetables to one of the merchants in the town and forget all about being hungry. At least for a while. Last year had been one of the best harvests ever and they’d had juicy chunks of sweet pork and dumplings with their rice at least once a week. Once a week for certain and sometimes even twice and Tiger Lilly could remember every mouthful and could still taste every taste. Most of all she could remember her eighth birthday and the special tea that the good harvest had made possible that year.
Not so this year. Oh, there was no shortage of clouds passing over their valley, but they were grey, puffed up clouds that liked to tease with the meanest spits of rain and that, of course, meant another bad harvest with no food to spare and no hope of a special birthday tea for Tiger Lilly. Nor for her sisters.
And it was not only their father who had to work hard and long each day. Each member of the family - except baby Mattie of course – was expected to help in the field for their land was poor and full of stones, with crops that needed their constant care. Not a single stalk of a weed was allowed to poke its head above the ground to steal what little goodness there was in that harsh, unforgiving soil. 
Tiger Lilly had three sisters and two brothers. The two boys were the eldest: Binnie who was nineteen and Taz aged seventeen. After that came the girls: Pearl who was sixteen, Lilac who was fourteen and baby Mattie, two years old. Least he would be in two weeks time .
Truth was, Tiger Lilly hardly knew her older brothers for they were away most of the year working on a rich man’s farm which lay two day’s hard walk away. Even so, when they were home, they liked to act like snooty, nose-in-the- air strangers, seldom speaking to their sisters except when they happened to be in need of something - usually when their boots could do with a shine, or they had an errand to run or simply because they felt like being extra bossy brothers. Pearl said to pay no heed, said they were far too busy trying to be grown up men to notice they had sisters. Not that Tiger Lilly cared a thread or a button: she had her sisters and, between them, they could talk enough for anyone. How often would she hear her daddy say his daughters were the champion talkers of the world and that Tiger Lilly was far and away the talkiest champion of all time? Most days for sure, and always in his loudest voice. 
Suddenly there was warning creak on the stairs and Tiger Lilly immediately threw herself to the floor and rolled under her bed. Truth was she gave her elbow quite a hard knock on a corner of the bed, but she gritted her teeth, gave it a rub, held her breath, and waited. Next minute the door made the creaking noise it always liked to make and, as she turned her head, Tiger Lilly could see her father’s boots standing in the doorway. 
 Quicker than quick, Tiger Lilly squeezed a hand over her mouth to make double sure not a single, solitary sound escaped and, as she watched, the boots began to rock to and fro, back and forth like Grandma’s old chair. Rockety rock, rockety rock. Then, after the longest of whiles, the boots took a single step forward and stood perfectly still. Still as stone with not so much as a twitch, and Tiger Lilly had to give the hardest of bites on her lips to make sure she didn’t make even the smallest of small noises. And, so she waited and she waited, and held her breath. Then waited again.
 But, how much longer? Another minute and her chest would surely burst! The boots stayed still. Still as frogs in a winter ditch. Then, just as her insides were about to explode into a thousand pieces, the boots took a sudden turn-about step. Oh, heavens no! Oh crikey bobs! Her dad was now sitting on the bed and talking to himself!
 It was not that her Dad’s talking to himself was anything of a surprise. Truth is, it was something he did quite often, but her bed had somehow become a lot more rickety lately, and her Dad had somehow become more and more fidgety than she ever known him to be. Not only that, but her nose was being squashed flatter with each of his fidgets and her bed was not just a bit rickety; it was a lot rickety.
‘Oh dear,’ she heard him say. ‘Oh dear, dear me!’ Well, that was absolutely enough of holding her breath and so Tiger Lilly pulled her hand from her mouth and was just about to gasp the biggest gasp ever known to man, when her father gave a sudden leap from the bed and, before she knew he was clattering down the stairs and shouting the loudest shout she had ever heard him shout: ‘Tiger Lilly’s gone!’ he cried. ‘She’s not in her room!’
Immediately there was another shout, this time from her mother – more of a shriek really - but Tiger Lilly was too busy taking in deep breaths, rubbing her nose and scrambling from under the bed to make sense of anything being said. Or shouted. 
Best thing, she decided, was to wait a while, to have a good think and see what would happen next. This Tiger Lilly did, and when she had finished thinking all she could think and of waiting to see what would happen next, she realised the shouting had stopped. But it was not just the shouting that had stopped: everything had stopped! Silence everywhere. And not just the ordinary, every-day kind of silence that sometimes happens, but a strange kind of all-around and in every-corner kind of silence with not a sound anywhere. Not a creak, not a crack. Nothing! This was strange! Seldom, if ever in all her life, could Tiger Lilly remember a time when the Santino house was not filled with noise, with the loudest of laughter and with their Dad yelling for quiet. at the top of his voice,
Even on nights when she found it hard to sleep, there was always something she could hear: a field mouse scampering across the room; a moth bob-bobbing on the ceiling; a branch of the old ivy tapping at the window. Always something! But this was different and, yes, best to admit, a little bit scary. So, slowly as could be and with one foot placed carefully in front of the other, Tiger Lilly made her way to the top of the stairs. Nothing! Not a sound! She leaned over the banister. Still nothing. Well no point denying, this whole thing looked like it was beginning to turn into something of a puzzle. 
 ‘Very well,’ said Tiger Lilly to herself, squaring her shoulders. ‘The best thing would not to be scared, to be brave and lie on her bed and have another think about what to do next. Should she go down and tell her parents she had been hiding under her bed all along, or would it be better to wait and see what happened? She decided to wait. After all, her dad was always saying it was best to be patient and not rush at things; and so Tiger Lily lay on her bed and waited. And, as she waited and didn’t rush at things, she fell fast, fast asleep.
CHAPTER 2

It was their Dad who first heard that the famous Shanghasi Circus was coming to Mandredela . From Gung Ho, of course, their next door neighbour, and always the first with all the latest news and gossip. Gung wasn’t his real name –well, who would think to give their son such a name? – but everyone called him Gung and not only was he their representative on the Town Council, he was also their father’s best friend. Not that being best friends stopped them arguing with each other at every chance they got. ‘It’s something they like to do,’ her mum explained. ‘A sort of competition. A hobby.’
‘Yes,’ said Gung Ho, showing his important, Town Hall, Councillor face. ‘The Shanghasi Circus is definitely coming here to Yeltsin. And pretty soon from what I’ve been told. Two weeks at most, I’d say.’
‘Here? Coming here! The Shanghasi Circus! Are you sure?’ Tiger Lilly’s dad, Lou Santino, was definitely surprised. ‘Why, it must be ten years at least since they last came to Mandredela and that was to Suchno, not here.’ 
‘Am I sure?’ Gung gave a roll of eyes. ‘Heavens, man! How long have you known me, to ask such a question!’ He allowed himself a long, drawn out sigh and a second swivel of eyes. ‘Course I’m sure and, what’s more, I think it’s something you should be telling your daughters - and pretty soon would be my advice. Sooner would be even better.’ 
‘Tell my daughters! And why is that?’ asked their dad in a pretend weary voice.
‘Because it’s a well known fact that the people who run the Shanghasi Circus
have a policy of finding work for as many of the local youngsters as they possibly can whenever they visit a place. Temporary jobs, of course, but I wouldn’t like to think that your daughters are missing out on a chance to earn some real, good money for themselves. Furthermore, it is a well known fact that the Shanghasi is particularly keen on hiring youngsters who are lively on their feet.’ He smiled a sideways smile. ‘And liveliness, I think I can safely say, is something your girls have never been short of. In abundance, actually,and especially, I might add, when people who happen to live near are trying to sleep!’
Lou Santino waved a finger under Gung’s nose. ‘There you go! Complaining as always. But, answer me this! Who is it I see at his window most evenings peeking from behind his curtains, enjoying their games and laughing himself silly? Someone who enjoys being a crusty, old crab, that’s who! Someone who would go even crazier than he already is if things were quiet all the time.
 ‘Anyway, and as I was saying before you chose to interrupt, I find it more than hard to believe the Shanghasi is coming to Yeltsin. All right, so I hear what you say, but I still find it difficult to believe that the people who run the Shanghasi Circus have even heard of this place, let alone think to pay us a visit. Doesn’t make a jot of sense! For a start, who in these parts has the kind of money to afford the Shanghasi? Not too many, you ask me – why, the entry fee alone must cost a small fortune and especially for a family. All right, so I can understand them chancing a visit to Suchno, the one place in Mandredela where there are a few people with money to spare, but not here. A puzzle is what it is. At least it is to me.’
‘Surely, Lou Santino, you are surely not thinking I mean the full Shanghasi Circus. Goodness, I thought everyone would realise that, for heavens sake. Even you! No, what will be coming here is one of its offshoots - a spin off if you like - a smaller version of the real thing. Lord above man, the main circus – the one in Paris - is not something you can move about at a moment’s notice! It’s not a sack of potatoes or a bundle of sticks to toss over your shoulder. The main Shanghasi is huge, near the size of a town with entertainment centres and roller coaters and buildings near twice as tall as our steeple. Takes months to erect a single part, it does. However, that doesn’t mean the one coming here won’t be splendid. Not a single bit it doesn’t! Of course it will be a whole lot smaller as I have just tried to explain, but it will still have a wonderful Big Top and dozens and dozens of stalls and sideshows and all kinds of rides for the children. Yes, all kinds of attractions, and from what I hear, there’s going to be what they call a Grand Bazaar with goods from every corner of the world. Marvellous is what it will be and what’s more, Lou Santino, I’ve had a peek at one of its programmes and, believe you me, there’ll be no shortage of talent – acrobats and magicians; clowns, jugglers, dancing troupes, high wire acts - oh, all manner of amazing acts. I tell you, Lou, it’s going to be a wonder.’
‘Yes, I know all about the Shanghasi, no need for your telling, but I still find it hard to believe they’ve even heard of us, let alone pay us a visit,’ Lou replied.
‘Oh come, my friend! You must have something of an idea. An inkling, even you’
‘No. Not one.’
‘Gracious, Lou, there are times I think you must live in a different world than the rest of us! A far away planet! Have you not noticed all the comings and goings and the hustle and bustle that has been going on at the Summer Palace this last while? Why, there’s been team upon team of workers hammering and banging at the place for heaven knows how long. A right old racket, and no denying. Day and night! What’s more, I hear that our beloved Prince Xavier is still not satisfied, wants his new stable block made even larger. Some say double the size.’ 
‘No, Gung Ho, can’t say as I have, but then I haven’t been anywhere near the Royal Palace for months. More to do with my time, unlike some people I could mention. Even so, how can building work at the Summer Palace have anything to do with the Shanghasi Circus coming to Yeltsin? Not even one of the travelling kind.’
‘Which,’ replied Gung Ho, ‘Only goes to prove that you have a most annoying habit of not listening to those who go to a lot of effort to keep you up to date with the latest news. Why, man, it must be a month since I told you Prince Xavier has decided to spend the whole of his summer here. Has probably moved in by now.’ 
‘Well then, there’s another surprise. When have you ever known the Prince to spend more than a day in that summer palace of his? All right, maybe two at the most, but I still don’t see the connection.’
Gung Ho leaned close: ‘It’s all because of our young Princess Serena, that’s why. From all I’ve been told, she has not been all that well these last few weeks – really quite poorly at times – and her doctors have decided it would do her a power of good to spend some time in the country. You know, take in our good Yeltsin air.’
 ‘Oh come, Gung Ho, you are surely not asking me to believe that the world - famous Shanghasi is coming here simply because Princess Serena has been a bit under the weather?’
‘Oh, believe it you must, my friend,’ Gung Ho replied. ‘If there is the faintest, remotest chance that our beloved Princess is in need of fresh air, then fresh air she will most certainly have. Furthermore, if the Prince happens to think it would be a good idea to have a circus here to greet her, make her feel at home, then only the finest circus in the world will do. Yes, my friend, that means the Shanghasi. Make no mistake, what our Prince wants, our Prince gets.’
Gung Ho narrowed his eyes and leaned even closer. ‘Mind, if you want the absolute truth,’ he whispered, ‘it is what Princess Serena wants that matters most of all. More than anything, take my word! Gives her every thing she asks for, does the Prince; has done since the day she was born. Well, least since she was old enough to give out orders. Everything! Gives her every single, solitary thing.’ 
 There was a pause while Gung Ho stretched himself to his full height. ‘Actually, as I am sure you have long realised,’ he continued. ‘My duties as a senior member of Yeltsin Town Council oblige me to visit Suchno and the Grand Palace at least once a month, sometimes twice and, as you might well expect, I regularly find myself in the company of people who work close to the Prince. Oh, you know the sort of person I mean - Ministers of State, Heads of Department, Senior Officials and Secretaries. Important people. Influential.’ He took a quick look at Lou Santino. ‘No’ he decided. ‘Perhaps you don’t.
‘Anyway,’ he continued. ‘The people I’m talking about are the ones who know everything that goes on at the Grand Palace and they all say the same thing. They say Prince Xavier isn’t simply under his daughter’s thumb, he’s squashed flatter than an elephant’s slipper.’
‘Poor girl. She can’t be happy,’ said Lou Santino.
‘Happy?’ repeated Gung Ho. ‘Well, I can’t say about that. All I know is she has everything a girl can possibly need. He paused, shook his head. ‘Except, of course, a mother.’
 ‘Yes, a mother,’ Lou Santino agreed, also shaking his head. ‘Mind, I can’t help thinking that if she had a father with sense enough to settle down with his daughter instead of dragging her around the world like a piece of old luggage - well things might then be a whole lot better. For both of them. For the country too, the money he spends at the gambling tables. Though why anyone with all his wealth should feel a need to gamble in the first place is quite beyond me. But then again, I suppose that is another matter entirely.’ 
‘True, true,’ agreed Gung Ho lowering his voice. ‘However - and keep this firmly under your hat - there’s a strong rumour buzzing round the Grand Palace that the Emperor is none too pleased with his son. More than usual from all accounts, hasn’t been so for quite some time. Not pleased at all. As a matter of fact he was recently heard to say how very worried he was about the future of Mandredela once he had gone. Yes, far from happy with Prince Xavier is our Lord Grand Emperor. Maybe, though, things are about to change. As I say, the Prince has said he intends to spend the whole of the summer here in Yeltsin and, fingers crossed, it must be a good sign.’
‘Yes, we can but hope,’ Lou agreed. ‘By the way, how old is the Princess?’
‘Nine. At least she soon will be. Her birthday is a week from today. Which – surprise, surprise - also happens to be the very day the Circus is set to open. Another of Prince Xavier’s bright ideas, need I say.’
Lou Santino gave his forehead a sharp tap. ‘Of course, of course! What a first class idiot I am! Me, of all people, asking that! That is Tiger Lilly’s birthday too! Born the same day they were, Tiger Lilly and the Princess, and what a day that was! Surely you remember, Gung Ho? Celebrations the like of which we had never seen - dancing in the street, bands playing; crowds marching up and down; drums banging, bells ringing. Yes, that was the day the Town Hall Bell gave its loudest clang ever and hasn’t been the same since! Oh what celebrations they were and all to welcome our new Princess Serena. Oh yes indeed, we welcomed her with all or hearts, but didn’t we also make a fine old job of pretending the celebrations were not only for the Princess, but were for our Tiger Lilly too! Pretended like you wouldn’t believe; pretended all that night and all the next day! Imagine it though! Both girls with birthdays on the same day! Practically the same hour!’ 
‘Remember! Of course I do,’ replied Gung Ho, smiling his widest smile. ‘How could I forget a day when I was given the honour of proposing the opening toast at the Town Hall banquet and asked to speak again that same evening in front of the Prince and his royal guests. Guests from all over the world there were, and a first class speech it was, though I say it myself. Yes, first class! Such a pity you couldn’t have been there.’
‘Such a pity,’ echoed Lou Santino, studying the ground.
CHAPTER 3
 
Pearl and Lilac could not believe how well they had done! The morning’s work was almost over and in a few hours and they would each have eight copper coins to put in their pockets. That meant sixteen copper coins between them, and they knew exactly what they were going to do with every single one. First, they would give half their earnings to their Mum, which would mean they would still have eight left for themselves. Next, they would find a safe place to hide six of the remaining coins and still have two copper coins to buy all kinds of treats for Tiger Lilly’s birthday tea. 
Even though they had arrived at the Shanghasi Circus early that morning, it was already as busy as a beehive on a summer meadow. And what a scramble it first seemed! Workers were hurrying and scurrying and bustling this way then that - but this was the Shanghasi Circus and everyone knew exactly where he was going and what to do next. And why not? They had done it a thousand times. Still, hard to believe that this had been an empty field two days ago, parched dry and lifeless. Now it was filled with stalls, tents and marquees of all shapes, colour and size and spread out like the spokes of a wheel to cause an explosion of colours the like of which the town of Yeltsin had never seen. 
 ‘Like flowers with their heads reaching to the sun,’ said Lilac who saw everything in pictures.
A line of men, stripped to the waist even at that hour, was pulling hard on the ropes of the Big Top. ‘Heave Hoe,’ they grunted. ‘Heave Ho!’ ‘Heave Ho!’ Then, even louder, there came a high pitched, singsong call. ‘Line up, line up. All new workers form a line!’ It came from the tallest man they had ever seen. ‘Boys on the right, girls on the left and make it lively if you please – we have no time for slow-stepping snails around here!’ He tried all he could to sound stern, but today was to be a very special day and he was a long-time Shanghasi man who was finding it hard to hide his excitement. ‘No,’ he repeated. ‘No a minute to spare! It’s not every day we have royalty visiting, and we want everything to be perfect.’
 ‘So you two girlies!’ he called, pointing to Pearl and Lilac. ‘Best I remember you were the first to arrive, so off you go to that stripey orange and yellow tent you see over there. Over there on your right. The food and drinks tent. We Shanghasi folk call it the Rumble Tum Tent and you’ll find our Mister Tommo ready and waiting to tell you what to do.’
Mister Tommo was indeed waiting for them. He, too, was tall, but slightly stooped and with piercing blue eyes that danced over the rim of heavy framed glasses; eyes filled with curiosity. He rubbed his hands together: 
 ‘Well you two seem a lively enough pair and I have to say I like your smiles, so it’s welcome to the Rumble Tum.’ he exclaimed. ‘First thing is for you to tell me your names. Pearl and Lilac Santino you say? Pretty names! Next thing is for you to listen while I tell you - and it is something we explain to all those who join us – is that the Shanghasi Circus is so called because it is owned by a gentleman called – no prize for guessing - Mr Shanghasi. Now our Mr Shanghasi is a very private man and there are few who can truly claim to know him. However, I have to confess that I am one of those few – probably know him better than most, I should think - and there are one or two others around here who also know him well. Old timers like me who have been with the Shanghasi from the very first days. 
 So then, what can I tell you about our Mr Shanghasi? Well, first off, I have to admit that he can be something of a grump at times – especially when he thinks people are not enjoying his circus because it is not being run quite as well as he thinks it should be. When I say people, I really mean children for he loves children and insists they are the only reason he built the Shanghasi Circus in the first place. He is also – and he would be the last to deny it – what you might call a little odd, but he is very rich and, though he has business interests all over the world, the Shanghasi is the most important one of all to him. The one he loves best of all. There are even rumours that he sometimes takes it upon himself to travel with his circus as one of the workers so that he can be sure everything is being done exactly as he would wish. Always, of course, incognito. That means in disguise, if you didn’t already know. Others say it is a made up story, a myth, and it might well be. Anyway, true or not, myth or not, it keeps us all on our toes and, though you might find working here a little hard at times and often out of puff, I hope you will enjoy working with Mrs Tommo and me here at the Rumble Tum.’
 ‘Speaking of whom,’ he continued. ‘She could be here any minute now and I’d like it we could have as much done as possible for when she arrives. Truth is, I have an itchy spot at the end of my nose that tells me this is going to be a real hustle, bustle of a day especially as I understand His Royal Highness Prince Xavier and young Princess Serena are to visit us today. Not that it is a particular worry – the visit I mean, not my itchy nose – for we are quite used to having important people visiting us. The main problem is our silly fruit machines - cantankerous, spiteful things they are with minds of their own! But there I go, carrying on with myself like an old parrot when I should be explaining exactly what we do at the Rumble Tum.’
 With a quick wave of hand that said to follow, he led them to a corner of the Rumble Tum where he pointed accusingly at what Pearl and Lilac at first thought was a jumble of old bins held together by a tangle of wire and knotted string. ‘Trouble is,’ he said, slapping the nearest bin and causing the whole pile to shake, ‘we have tried time and time again to replace this little lot with more up-to-date machines and what a waste of time it was! Paid the earth we did, but the taste of the juices was never near as good, not by a mile! What’s more, I think they know it! Can’t begin to say how many other machines we’ve tried.’
‘Anyway, you take that lot,’ he said to Lilac pointing to a huge tub of lemons that was standing close by. ‘And you – Pearl, I think you said that was your name, and a pretty one it is – you squeeze the oranges. ‘It’s easy enough – stuff the fruit in the funnels you can see on the top and then push down on those handles. Hard! Also, be ready to give the blessed things a good old kick every now and then. Stops ‘em jamming, makes ‘em behave.’ He turned to point to a far corner of the tent. ‘What I would really like is for us to have filled those two trolleys you can see over there by the time Mrs Tommo arrives.’ He indicated two small carts painted in colours to match the Rumble Tum, each with a large kettle-like container on top. ‘Later and hopefully before the crowds start pouring in,’ he added, ‘we’ll have those two carts places at the busiest spots we can find and be up and ready to start selling our juices fast as we can. Also, we might have some buns or tarts to sell – depends whether Mrs Tommo has found time to do some baking. Oh, one other thing - and it’s a something to remember if you start feeling a little tired - is that all of the profit we make by selling our drinks and our buns and indeed everything we earn at the Shanghasi Circus goes straight into what Mr Shanghasi calls his Good Cause pocket. What the causes are he doesn’t say, but you can be sure they will have been well chosen.’ 
 ‘Anyway, back to Mrs Tommo,’ he added, glancing at his watch. ‘As I said, she should be here any time now and she will be more than pleased if the carts are anyways ready by the time she arrives. Right now, though, I’m off to have a look around, see if I can spot a couple of likely spots for our carts.’ 
Lilac looked at Pearl as soon as he left he tent. ‘I hope Mrs Tommo is as nice as Mr Tommo,’ she said.
 ‘Now don’t you start in on your fretting,’ replied Pearl, using her big sister voice. ‘We can only try our best.’
The sound of Mrs Tommo’s ‘hellos’ and ‘good mornings’ could be heard long before she busied her way into the Rumble Tum. Round she was with a round and smiley face to match, hair a shiny black. ‘Goodness me,’ she exclaimed, as she hurried towards them. ‘Someone has surely been busy and’ . . . she suddenly stopped, stayed stock still for a moment. A moment, no longer. Then, almost as suddenly, she was smiling again and patting them both on the shoulder: ‘My gosh, you have worked hard – why there’s enough juice to see us way through the morning!’ She turned to Mr Tommo who at that same moment had arrived back at theRumble Tum. ‘We are pleased, are we not Mr Tommo?’ 
‘Yes, very pleased,’ she repeated before he had a chance to answer. She seemed to hesitate, but continued: ‘See those stools over there? Well bring two of them over here and have yourselves a little sit down while I fetch my baskets. I’ve baked an extra batch of buns for today and I’ll go get a couple for you to try.’ She smiled a huge smile. ‘From a new recipe: ginger buns with a touch of apple and I’d like to see what you think.’ She turned to Mr Tommo, gave his arm a squeeze: ‘There, I told you I had a good feeling for today, thought we would have the best of help. So let’s go get our baskets while the girls have a rest.’
Pearl and Lilac sat waiting for their buns.
‘There,’ Pearl said. ‘I told you not to worry and I was right. Mrs Tommo is as nice as could be, could not be better. So nice that you’d think she has known us for ages.’
‘Yes nice.’ Lilac replied. ‘Really nice.’ She chanced a sideways glance at her sister. ‘You don’t think she’s a bit too, you know. . . . .’
Know what?’
‘You know, a bit too nice, sort of fussy maybe?’
‘Yes, all right, perhaps she is,’ Pearl replied, ‘but maybe that’s just the way she is,and far better fussy than being a nasty pants. And you can’t help liking her, whatever she is.’
‘Oh I like her, I really do and I can tell she likes us too. Seems to have taken a real shine to us, as Dad would say.’
Yes, everything was fine, better than they had expected and as they continued to wait, they thought of Tiger Lilly. No doubt about it, they agreed, their Mum and Dad would have told her everything by now, would have explained how they had crept from the house and left her sleeping because they were hoping to get a day’s work at the Shanghasi. And why! Because today was her birthday and maybe, fingers crossed, they would be able to make today a special day with a birthday tea to remember. A tea with tangy meatballs and ice-finger sponge cakes and two colours of jelly and with a huge bag of those fruity chews she liked so much - the kind of tea she could only expect on the very best of good harvest years. They tingled at the thought. First, though, and as soon as they had finished working in the fields, Mum and Dad would be bringing her here to the Shanghasi and then, after a visit to the Big Top and a try on the rides, it would be home again for her tea. And, who knows, later in the day they might be given chance to slip away from the Rumble Tum long enough to buy her an extra birthday present from one of the gift stalls. Yes, and to heck with saving six of the copper coins. Anyway and whatever, present or not, they were determined that Tiger Lily was going to have the most marvellous of birthdays.
 Or, so they thought. 
Soon the sit-downs were over, and Mr and Mrs Tommo were back with two large baskets crammed to the brim with buns.
‘Sorry girls,’ exclaimed Mrs Tommo, gasping for breath as she dumped her basket on the floor. No time for buns.’
‘ No, no time at all, ’ repeated Mr Tommo as he hurried to load the carts ‘You should see the size of the crowd at the gate!. And no wonder!’ He paused to give the nearest bin a slap ‘Well, you heard the announcement, I suppose.’
 . ‘You didn’t?’ He gave the bin another slap. ‘No, I don’t suppose you did - the noise these stupid things make. Anyway, what the announcement said was that all children under the age of fifteen are to be allowed in free of charge for the rest of our stay in Yeltsin. And what’s more they won’t even have to pay for any of the rides.’ 
 He turned to Mrs Tommo, gave her a smile; ‘Yes, the message from Mr S, came through late last night, and so I think we’d best be up and ready for one of the busiest days ever. Yes girls, I’m afraid your buns will have to wait until later, it’s lickety split from here on!’
‘Excuse me,’ said Lilac, remembering her manners. ‘What is lickety split, please?’
 Mrs Tommo reached high on her toes to kiss Mr Tommo on the cheek. ‘It’s only what we have grown to expect from our Mr Shanghasi,’ she said. ‘And lickety split means as fast as we can.’ She turned on her heels. ‘So here we go,’ she cried. ‘All we have to do – thanks to all your hard work this morning – is finish loading the carts then push them from the Rumble Tum and out into the crowds. Don’t worry, we’ll stay with you until you get the hang of things; after that it’s up to you. .Remember to smile your biggest smiles, call out that your buns were made in heaven, and Mr Tommo and I will be waiting to reload the cart the minute you return. Oh yes, and make sure you give the correct change.’ She leaned towards them with a whisper: ‘Here at the Shanghasi we usually employ people by the day, but it’s entirely up to Mr Tommo to decide, so who knows! If he is really pleased, he might ask you to come back tomorrow, might even ask if you would like to work here the rest of the week. He’s even been known to give a bonus.’
‘Please, what’s a bonus?’ asked Lilac.
‘A reward for hard work,’ said Mrs Tommo.
‘I’d like one of those,’ said Lilac. 
CHAPTER 4

Tiger Lilly was stepping out as fast as she could with her longest ever strides, but each time she turned another bend, it seemed even further to the next. No point arguing, the road was definitely twice as long as the last time she walked to town with her Dad, so that meant someone must have given it an almighty stretch or moved Yeltsin a mile further away. Of course, that was silly, but that was how it seemed! Oh, what a horrible, horrible birthday this has turned out to be. She said it out aloud so she wouldn’t start in crying again. She had cried more than enough as it was and who to blame but herself. 
How silly it now seemed to have hidden under the bed; even sillier to have fallen asleep and far beyond the silliest silliness to have ever thought that Pearl and Lilac would ever be so mean as to creep out the house and leave her without good reason. Her Mum and Dad? She tried not to think of them, felt her insides turn to a cold chill at the thought of all the worrying they would do once they found she wasn’t in her bed. They would worry themselves silly, be looking everywhere, be desperate to find her. What was the word? Frantic! Yes, frantic with worry and probably angry at the same time. Not that Tiger Lilly gave a cat’s meow about them being mad at her – all she wanted was to be with them, to let them know she was safe. Worst thing always was when they were disappointed with her. That hurt more than anything else, more than any shouting or being made to do without things, or being sent to bed. Tiger Lilly swallowed at the thought.
‘Oh, at last!’ she exclaimed, brightening now as she turned another bend in the road. ‘There it is - the bench Dad and I sat on the last time we came to town.’ It wasn’t really a bench, more an old, chopped-down log that someone had left at the side of the road, but whoever it was who had cut it down must have though what a wonderful a bench it would make: exactly the right shape with four sticky-out bits for legs and an even larger sticky-out bit to lean against. She remembered her father saying the log was a good place to rest because it was exactly half way to Yeltsin and how it made the journey seem only half as long. He also said there were people who said it was a magic log and that if you sat on it long enough, and wished hard enough, your wish was bound to come true.
Tiger Lilly remembered how much she had wished for rain and, though she had squeezed her eyes tight as tight to make them smart, not a single drop had fallen. Not a drop! She remembered, too, how her father had laughed at her, but later said he had wished the same wish. So,that was a double wish and still no rain! Not a spit, not a spot. Later , when they told Lilac, she said it was because they had not sat on the log long enough or wished hard enough, but then Pearl said it was silly to even think such a silliness and that if there was really such a thing as magic – which she said there definitely was not - it would surely find a much better place to live than in a mossy old log that had been left at the side of a road. Lilac, though, shook her head and said it wasn’t at all silly because magic could easily magic itself and make the inside of the log the nicest place ever. Make it a place that had rain nearly every day and where the fields were lush and green. Pearl had said nothing more about magic being silly, but looked at Lilac and, when she had finished looking – which was for the longest time - she put her arms around Lilac and gave her an extra big hug. Pearl liked giving hugs.
However, magic or not, Tiger Lilly thought how wonderful it would be to rest on the log for a while. Just a little while. But how could she? How could she when there was not a single, solitary moment to spare? Still, her legs were as heavy as butter tubs and wasn’t her Dad always saying that a rest was nearly as good as a night’s sleep?. Even a little one. Yes very well – her Mum always said very well even when things weren’t well at all – she would try stretching out on the log for a minute. A minute mind, not one single second more. But, hardly had she time to stretch her legs on the cool of the log when she heard it - a clippety, clopping, rushing kind of noise! No need to guess, though! She knew exactly what it was. Horses! Horses pulling a cart. No - second thoughts - not a cart. Something faster. Much faster! A coach! With galloping horses! Coming fast! Quick! Better hide!
So, quick as a flash, Tiger Lilly jumped from the bench. This whole thing was fast becoming scary with no point saying it wasn’t - and not just a little scary, a whole lot scary and to make matters worse, one of her shoes caught itself on the edge of the log, slipped from her foot and, as you might well know, rolled itself straight under the log and disappeared. Stupid thing! Luckily though, and not far away, stood a tall, sprawly bush with a branch so heavy with leaves that it almost touched the ground. Worry about the shoe later, Tiger Lilly decided as she pulled the leaves about her like a cloak. What a birthday! Most of it spent hiding and holding her breath.
Still louder and louder came the sound until it became so loud she simply had to take a peep. Was there ever such a sight! A coach, true enough, but what a coach! And such horses! Horses the like she had never seen! Beautiful - no other word - and exactly like the horses in the book of drawings her Dad kept in his special box. Arabians he called them.
 She remembered then how her mummy had once told them how their daddy knew a lot about horses because his father, old Grandpapa Santino had once owned a stable with more than a hundred horses and how their daddy had grown up learning all about horses and how to look after them. Grandpapa Santino’s horses were famous, she said, and rich and famous people came from every corner of the world wanting to buy them. Royalty, too! Santino horses they were called and her mummy had cried when she told about them. Most of all she cried when she said there was a war and how soldiers had come from a far distant land, had taken all the horses and burned the stables to the ground. She also said how Grandpapa had tried his best, but was never to have horses again.
Tiger Lilly was sure these horses were Arabians too: white and handsome enough to make you gasp out loud, with flowing tails and manes; with black, high-polished saddles and bright, silver buckles. With peacock feathers on their heads. And did you ever in your life see such a coach! White as new fallen snow with a silvery curtain at each window and with a fiery serpent that blew an orange and red flame across the whole of its side. A coachman dressed in the brightest of bright red was half standing, half sitting as he pulled with all his might on a prancing team of four horses as it thundered ahead of an escort of soldiers. Six soldiers there were, each one riding proud in his saddle and each with his sword held high. Was there ever such a sight! Like a dream.
 But in a moment the dream was over.
 ‘Stop. Stop here! Stop this minute.’ Such a sharp, piercing, echoing cry!
Immediately there came the sound of wheels squealing, of horses snorting, of hooves digging at the ground until, quite suddenly, all was quiet. Only the sound of a soldier whispering to calm his horse. 
 Tiger Lilly stretched high on her toes, high enough to push away a few of the leaves and see a girl stepping down from the coach. She stretched further – but no use, the girl had stepped from the coach, was now out of sight. No trouble hearing her though. No trouble whatsoever.
‘I am sick to death of being jogged about in this crate of a thing you have the nerve to call a coach and I need a rest.’ A piercing, shrill-shriek of a voice. ‘I’m tired of it! Tired, tired, tired! So go tell the sergeant to move himself and his stupid coach and escort away from here. Out of my sight!’ She seemed to have no need for breath. ‘Also, tell him I absolutely refuse to let that idiot of a coachman drive me back home again - all that jolting about. Do you hear what I say? Have him replaced before my return!’
Tiger Lilly dared a wider parting of the leaves: the girl had returned, was now back in view, but she was sitting with her back to Tiger Lilly and all she could see was a long sweep of ebony black hair that tumbled across shoulders taught with temper. Her voice, steel sharp, somehow reminded Tiger Lilly of her mum’s chopping knife. Snappety snap! Snappety snap! ‘You hear what I say?’ she shouted. It was more of a choppity sound than a shout. Snappety, snippety snap!
‘Yes, very well, you can rest here a while.’ It was an older voice, a voice as soft as the other was harsh and the start of tingle in one of her toes made Tiger Lilly dare an extra inch. No use, the owner of the voice was still out of sight.
 ‘I have to admit it has not been what you could call a smooth ride.’ the soft voice continued. ‘But let’s not forget we are now living in the country and bumpy roads are something we must surely expect. Not only that, but we are tired and no wonder. Yesterday was exhausting for all of us – all the travelling, the business of having to settle in. My fault entirely, I should have insisted on a day of rest before even thinking of visiting something as tiring as a circus. Still, what is done is done and we still have our duties to consider. Saying which, we should not forget your father. Such an early start he had this morning and he won’t be the only one – most of Yeltsin and the whole of the Town Council will have been waiting since first thing this morning to greet their princess. I hear it’s been more than two years since they received a royal visit and there’s bound to be a great deal of excitement.’
‘Well then, if they are so excited, they won’t mind the waiting,’ came the snappity-snap reply. ‘As for their crack-pot council – well, let them try listening to their own silly speeches and go ahead without me! Boring, boring, boring! All the same as each other they are and all completely useless for no one pays a dot of attention to a single word they say and just try thinking of how many I am expected to meet in a week! Puffed up and full of themselves, every one!’ She gave a toss of hair. ‘And what’s more, Miss Penelope Pennington, I would prefer not to have you standing there like a squabbly old crow lecturing me about things I already know. Leave me! Go join the escort. I need to be on my own.’
‘I’m sorry dear, but I don’t think I should leave you – not out here, not alone.’
Tiger Lily could still see little of the girl, but her companion had moved into view as she talked. She was tall, slender, with dark brown hair drawn tight to a bun and with a smock-like dress that fell starch-stiff to the ground. It was more a uniform than a dress and designed to be, yet neither its ruler-straight lines nor the stiff buttoning of her collar could harden a face that was kind and gentle. She reached to touch the girl, had it brushed away.
 ‘Woman, can you never once do as you are told. Leave me! Being my governess does not mean you have to be at my side every minute of the day, pestering the way you do. Do as I say and go wait with the escort. I’ll call you when I’m good and ready and not a moment before.’
‘Very well, but not too long,’ the Governess replied with a sigh. ‘Five minutes and I’ll be back. I mean it! Five minutes, no more.’ 
Tiger Lilly was starting to feel the start of a cramp in her right foot, shuffled sideways to change position. Whoops, careful, - nearly seen! The girl had turned, was now straining forward, looking up the lane and then down again. Up, down and every which-way as if to make sure she was not being seen. Strange! But then, with a last look up and a quick look down she was gone. Gone! Like a rabbit from a hat!
 Must be tying a shoelace, was Tiger Lilly’s first thought, but more than a minute passed and not a sign. So what in the name of Silly Billy Dickens could she be doing? (Mum was also in the habit of saying Silly Billy Dickens – whoever he was.) Another minute passed and the cramp in Tiger Lilly’s right foot began to tingle more than ever. Best not to think about it she decided, but then, as everyone knows, trying not think of an itch makes it itch even more? Always!
 ‘Right, that is it,’ she decided. ‘Absolutely and definitely it! If I’m going to be seen, then I’m going to be seen and Silly Billy Dickens with all this waiting and hiding and holding my breath. Enough!’ And, with that, Tiger Lilly took a hold of the nearest branch and began to pull herself up. She stopped! The girl was back again, but was now standing facing her. Full view!
Tiger Lilly gave a gasp. Oh, my gosh, it couldn’t be! Definitely could not be! But it was! Princess Serena! There, in real life, true as a fact and standing straight in front of her. Princess Serena herself! The Royal Princess! All right, all right, so it was ages since she had last seen a picture of the Princess , but it was Serena and no question. Absolutely was! 
 So, how stupid not to have known it from the start? More than rabbit-brained not to have guessed! Who else but a princess could own such beautiful horses, ride in such a coach, be guarded by soldiers? Oh and how stunningly pretty she was! Prettier than any picture, with eyes darker even than her ebony-black hair, with ruby lips, with skin the colour of new cream and with what Lilac would call a rosebud mouth - Lilac was always drawing pictures of ladies with rosebud mouths and ruby lips. And, such a dress – no, wait; it wasn’t a dress, more a cape. Yes, a long velvety cape of shiny blues and rich glossy greens that fell in deep folds from a huge clasp of pearls that fastened high on her shoulder.
Cramp or no cramp, Tiger Lilly decided to stay still. Not a move. Never had she seen anyone so breathtakingly beautiful, so graceful - but neither had she known anyone so ill mannered and so filled with thoughts that went no further than herself. Royal princess or not, the one thing Tiger Lilly knew was that Princess Serena was a definite someone she did not want to know. Not ever! Further and what’s more, she wasn’t one of those someones you had to puzzle yourself about. She didn’t like her now, would never nor could ever like her, and how much better to suffer a cramp in your foot than having to talk to someone so nasty and so rude. No, she did not want to meet or talk to her, and that was absolutely and positively for certain. Anyway, she was near to getting used to cramps in the foot and maybe, fingers crossed, this time the waiting wouldn’t be anywhere near so long. It wasn’t! The princess had turned full circle and, with another toss of hair and a twirl of cape, was stepping down the lane and shouting for her escort to make itself ready. 
‘Without delay, if you please!’ she cried. 
 Tiger Lilly listened until all was quiet. Waited and listened again; counted to a hundred to make double sure. Not a sound! So, after counting another fifty to make triple sure, she gave her foot a quick rub, dropped to her knees and scrambled under the log to find her shoe. Where the Silly Billy Dickens was it? She crouched further down, reached under the log. Found it! But hold on, what was that? She gave it a stroke. Not a dead mouse, she could tell that, but something just as soft and round and smooth. Slowly, she drew it out: a handkerchief, newly smeared with moss and folded tight into a ball
Careful as careful and taking her time, Tiger Lilly began to open its folds - a handkerchief true enough, but made of the finest material and with a letter ‘S’ embroidered in one corner. Was there anything so soft, so smooth? Like the one her mother kept in her drawer. Silk, yes that was what it was.! She continued to open its folds. She stopped! There was something wrapped inside, something hard and sharp - and a second later Tiger Lily was gazing at a necklace so ruby bright she had to blink her eyes. So bright, she had to close her eyes and blink again. 
CHAPTER 5

Princess Serena was smiling. This time, though, it was not what she called her painted-on smile, the one she had been taught to use for as long as she could remember; a smile that pretended she was happy no matter how miserable, sick or bored she felt. The smile she had been taught to use at all official meetings. 
She had arrived at the circus only minutes before but was – as she knew she would be - deep into the boredom of yet another welcoming committee. Boring, boring, boring! Once, at such a meeting and desperate for something to think about, she tried to count the number of times she had to use her painted-on smile in a single month. Hopeless! Too many to count. Her not liking people didn’t help too much either, but how could you like people when all they did was stare at you as if you were some kind of rare pot plant? As if there was nothing in the whole world you could possibly enjoy more than listening to their windbag speechifyings, everyone saying just how wonderful you were and how delighted they were to have you with them. Meaning not a word. Sometimes children her own age were brought to the Grand Palace especially to play with her, but they were not one bit better than their parents. Well how could they be when they had been told to make sure that she won at all the games, came first at all the races, told to say yes when they were absolutely bursting to say no. Not a chance. Told to be nice to her no matter what, and all because she was a princess. No other reason. 
And so, because she was a princess, here she was with yet another dreary meeting to go through. Sometimes, at such a meeting, she would try to pass the time by half closing her eyes – half-closed eyes made it look as though you were concentrating on their stupid speeches - ­and pretend the councillors were all characters from what she called her Silly Turnip book. It wasn’t a real book, course it wasn’t, just a book she kept in the library of her imagination. Right now Councillor Warblegus, the Mayor of Yeltsin was deep into his Welcome-to-Yeltsin speech, puffing and blowing and throwing his arms up, down and sideways faster than a paddle steamer in a storm. Mr Willy Windmill would be his Silly Turnip name – what else! Next in line and bursting at the seams to deliver his own speech sat the Deputy Mayor, a narrow little man wearing a flat hat and sharp, pointy shoes: Mr Drawing Pin, of course! Next in line came Miss Clara Clothes Peg, the Council Secretary, followed by Mr Harry Horse Face, the Town Treasurer; Mrs Hay Stack; Mr Barge Feet and, in the row behind, Mrs Clara Carrot of the bottle red hair and . . . . Oh, it was no use! How could she concentrate on Turnip names when there were so many other things to think about? She could feel her heart beating. Why oh why did her father have to be so stubborn? Pig headed more the word. Not only that, but he was also not being the least bit fair. Simply wasn’t!
She knew - how could she not know after all those mind-numbing history lessons? – that Mandredela was a country with traditions and customs like no other. One of her tutors – stayed less than a month, she did – said Mandredela was different from all other countries because it was surrounded on all sides by the Madre Mountains which meant it had been cut off from the rest of the world for hundreds and hundreds of years and it had made them …. ‘different!’ 
‘Take, for instance, all the silly nonsense you go through whenever a man has a mind to get married in this country,’ her tutor had exclaimed. ‘The first thing the poor creature has to do is to present the lady with what you Mandredelans call a Betrothal Locket which - would you believe! – she keeps for a day or two or three or more before it finally occurs to her end his misery with an answer. Now this is the thing! If the locket contains a lock of her hair, it means she has decided to accept his proposal of marriage. If, on the other hand, he opens the wretched thing and finds it empty, then it’s a great big thanks but no thanks. What you might call the Big Heave-Ho and Goodbye! Honest, have you ever heard the like!
‘Tradition? More like crazy, you ask me,’ she added in a way that told she had made up her mind to leave Mandredela as soon as she could. ‘As for the lockets themselves? More like cart wheels,’ she also said. ‘Well, the size of the things! Not for me, I must say. No, give me a ring, a necklace, earrings - anything but one of those thumping great things you like to make such a song and dance about. Big, ugly things, you ask me.’
Princess Serena wasn’t listening, was busy thinking about her mother and wondering what their lives would have been like if she had hadn’t gone into the Madre Mountains. If she hadn’t gone skiing that day Always that if! And why, she asked herself, did she find herself thinking more and more about her mother this last while – maybe because she was growing older. Yes, maybe because she would soon be nine.
Then, one morning she was in her room and playing her favourite game of pretending she was with her mother and having a lovely time planning their day, when she suddenly realised she had nothing of her mother’s. Bits and pieces, yes, but nothing to hold close, to press to her cheek. Oh, there were all kinds of pieces in the Royal Collection that she could have, but they were ceremonial, stagey things that she somehow knew her mother would have turned up her nose at; would have worn only when she had to. What she really wanted was something that had been personal to her mother, something her mother had cared for, had liked to have close - a photograph perhaps, a favourite doll, a letter, . .. something, anything that had been important to her. Something to touch. 
 Then strangely, for it was only a day or two later, her father had shown her her mother’s locket. ‘Our betrothal locket,’ he explained. He said it in such a casual matter of fact, sort of way and he even allowed her to hold it for a minute. A plain, ordinary thing was Serena’s first thought as she handed it back. Not a thumping cartwheel of a thing her tutor had described, but nonetheless a plain, ordinary piece and yet afterwards - and it was almost immediately afterwards - something was said that changed everything. A slip of the tongue, nothing more, and by Tina of all people. Tina, the first-floor maid who would surely have died a death if she could have heard the words Serena said to her Governess that morning. Heard the Princess say: Miss Penny, you are not Mandredelan, and maybe you won’t be able to help, but there’s no one else I can talk to. 
 ‘The thing is that one of my maids – Tina the one with sticky-up hair who talks a thousand words a minute - was busy chatting on about her sister’s wedding when she said something she didn’t mean to say. Straight off, I knew she didn’t mean to say what she said, that it just sort of blurted out, but anyways, she was gossiping on non-stop about her sister’s betrothal locket when she suddenly said how she remembered my mother and the trouble her locket had caused. That is what she said. Her exact words. The trouble my mother’s locket had caused. Especially, she said, to my Grandpapa and my Grandmamma. To the King and Queen.
 ‘Soon as she said it, she turned a fiery red, said she should never have said what she said and wished she could take it back. Swallow her tongue. Of course, I told her not to be so stupid, that it was far too late to swallow anything, but she refused to say another word; kept saying she would get in trouble. I tried to make her, pointed out that she was already in trouble and threatened her with every awful thing I could think of, but she started to cry, so I gave up. She cries soon as look anyway, and I have known for ages that something must have happened with my mother and her betrothal locket, but no one will tell me what it was. Not that I expect them to. People don’t talk to princesses like they talk to each other . . . least, not to me they don’t and sometimes it makes me hate being a princess. So please, Miss Penny, tell me about my mother. Please! About her locket and the trouble it caused.’
‘Have you spoken to your father?’ 
‘Course I have, a zillion times. Talk to a brick wall.’
 ‘Did she say anything else, this maid?’
‘Only that the rest of the world thinks we Mandredelans are crazy in the head. Said they call us Mad Dredelans because of the way we like to cling to old ways, to things long gone. Especially when it comes to lockets, she said. And that is when she said what she said about my mother.’
‘What about your history lessons? Modern history, the last few years? No mention there?’ 
‘Oh, please Miss Penny, don’t mention history. I hate history.! The Battle of the Two Lockets, 1259; Queen Bernadine’s Refusal, 1562 . I could go on forever! A whole two hours every day and boring to make you go numb inside. Also, it happens to be double useless far as I can see! Nothing about my mother, though. Well, how could there be? History is all about stuffy things that happened long before she was born.’ 
‘Yes, maybe so, but she did change things, your mother.’ Miss Penny studied the Princess for a long moment before she reached a finger to lift her chin , to look into her eyes ‘Tell you what,’ she said,. ‘I have a whole load of things to do right now, but how about if I come to your room this evening; tell you all I know about your mother? For the moment, though, let me say, Serena, that I think your mother was wonderful. I just loved her. 
‘Loved her! You knew my mother! I didn’t know that! You never said!’
‘We were best friends. At what is called a finishing school. In England.’
CHAPTER 6

 A rebel,’ was the first thing Miss Penny said. ‘A glorious, wonderful, magnificent rebel and I can’t begin to describe the turmoil she caused. Believe me, Serena, when I say your mother had this country in a spin the like of which it had never known - a wonderful whirl with everyone chasing here, there and everywhere until they hardly knew their lefts and rights from their ups and downs. Talk about driving the Palace crowd mad - had them climbing its ancient walls and no wonder! Well, if she wasn’t up to her neck in a campaign for this or a petition for that, then she would surely be heading a protest here or on a march there. And the people of Mandredela? Why, they absolutely loved her. Loved her to shreds!’
 It was a long story that lasted until dark: a story that told of the things her mother had done and then, when it was nearing its end, Miss Penny told the most surprising part of all. Surprising and almost unbelievable and, when it was finished, Princess Serena knew exactly what it was she wanted more than anything else in the world. No, more than wanted. It was something she had to have. Had to! Her mother’s betrothal locket.
 Oh, she began patiently enough, asked her father for it most every day, but he did nothing but shake his head and walk away. Only once did he say anything and that was to say he regretted ever having shown it to her. Completely hopeless at times, her father! She even thought of asking Miss Penny to talk to him, but anyone with ears on his head would know they didn’t get along all that well and that was a worry in itself. Could even make things worse. Already a big worry, matter of fact and the very last thing Serena wanted right now was having to cope with a new governess. No, she alone had to be the one to make things happen. But what? That was the question. Then suddenly, for some strange reason, her father stopped his turning and his walking away and began smiling at her in a sort of a secretive, sideways way and saying not to worry, she could expect something extra special for her birthday. ‘Now don’t be asking what it is,’ he would add: ‘All I will say, is that it is something you will adore and that it will be yours on the morning you leave for Yeltsin. So you can have it for the journey.’ Said it each and every time he saw her. Never missed, and it was always with that sly, wait-and-see smile. Really, he could be so aggravating at times and perhaps even more annoying was the fact that she knew – though how she knew she did not know – that it was not her mother’s locket he had in mind Knew it for certain sure. And it wasn’t! It was a stupid ruby necklace from the Royal Collecton! Nice enough she supposed, and worth a fortune she also and rightly supposed. She kissed him on his cheek, said a thank you.
 She hated it. Hated it because it said nothing about her mother. Hated it more and more the longer she had it, was busy hating it as she sat in the coach on her way to Yeltsin and gazing steadily at nothing and thinking steadily of nothing except how she hated it, when it came to her! Like a flash from nowhere! Like magic! A plan! Oh, and how clever it was! No, more than clever - super brilliantly clever, and the more she thought about it the more super clever it became. It was a bit over dramatic, no denying, reckless perhaps, and doubtless to say it would end up with her father being super angry should he ever find out about it. My gosh yes, especially when she thought of how he went with himself the morning he handed her the stupid thing - all that non-stop lecturing about never wearing it outside the palace; about how it was a national treasure; about guarding it with her life; about his grandmamma and how she loved the idiotic thing and a zillion and a half of other do’s and as many don’t evers. Thought he’d never stop, but something had to be done to make him change his mind. And if it failed then it failed and what to lose? In any case, he never stayed angry with her for more than a day and, angry or not, she had made her decision and everything, so far, was going precisely to plan. Be decisive, her father always said and so she was being decisive, had decided
She smiled another smile, this time a more- than-pleased-with-herself smile. What a brilliant idea to think of using this first day at the Circus as part of her plan. And that mossy old bench by the side of the road - well who would ever think to look there? She had noticed it as they neared the Palace the day they arrived at Yeltsin and that was the moment the idea had come to her like . . . well, like magic. Even now, as she thought of that moment, her heart skipped a beat. Soon the speeches would be over, and then, after a visit to the Big Top, it would time. Time to put her plan into action.
 Part of the plan – perhaps the most important part - was to spend the day mingling with the ordinary folk of Yeltsin.and, though this seemed easy enough, she dared hardly think of all the sighings and the gaspings and splutterings that would echo from behind the walls of the Grand Palace when it became known that she had not only mixed with the ordinary people of Yeltsin, but had actually allowed them to crowd around her. ‘Close enough to touch, would you believe!’ And that is exactly what the Princess planned to do. 
 Not that Serena was particularly looking forward to having crowds of people mingling about her and would much rather not truth to tell, but it was – what was the word? – essential. Yes, essential to the story she would be telling her father later that night. Anyway, tonight was tonight and now was now and soon the speeches would be over and then it would be time for the opening performance at the Big Top. Miss Clara Clothes Peg had been to a dress rehearsal, said it lasted about an hour. An hour! Sixty minutes and it would be time to put the plan into action. It was all so exciting and worth it for that, if nothing else! 
She had been to the Shanghasi before of course. Last time in Paris, or was it Berlin? Wherever, she could remember it as being simply wonderful. Wouldn’t be near the same here at Yeltsin and no one with a rub of sense could expect it otherwise. Not at such a backward place as this. Still, her purpose would be filled and, who to say, she might even enjoy some of the acts.
 She let her mind wander back to her last visit to the Shanghasi and the things she liked the best - decided it was the scariest of the rides she enjoyed the most. She could even remember their names: THE TEN MILE HIGH, THE RIDE OF DEATH, THE TUNNEL OF HORROR and - what was the name of the scariest ride of all? - Ah yes, that was it - THE PLUNGE! 
THE PLUNGE! What a ride!
 Miss Anastasia Naresby was her governess at the time. Nasty Anastasia herself. Oh, what a time Miss Nasty had that day; and how wonderful the fact that she was the one who had insisted on accompanying the Princess on each and every ride. No one else! Said it was her bounden duty. Thought a lot about bounden duty did Miss Nasty Anastasia - sweet as a honey pot when other people were around; used her bony fingers to dig deep as daggers when they were alone. Thought it great fun to twist her wrist until she cried. The Chinese Burn she called it. Then came THE PLUNGE! Lost her best hat and shoes did Miss Nasty and on the very first dive; ended up with her skirt tangled over her head and was so cabbage-green sick that she had to be rushed back to their hotel. Quit the next day, did Miss Anastasia Naresby. Marvellous!
Almost as much fun was the fuss they made before she was allowed anywhere near anything that could be said to be the least bit dangerous. “Sorry, but it has to be a no, Princess.” “What if you were sick, Princess?” “Not in front of all these people, Princess.” “Sorry Serena, not in keeping.” In time, she learned to give them a choice: “Sick in public, a tantrum in public or a scary ride in public. You choose.” 
She glanced to her side. Miss Penelope Pennington was watching her closely. What else? Been with her longer than any other governess by a long mile and never took her eyes off her. Two years at least. Definitely a record. Penny Precise was her turnip name and precise is exactly what she was. No, not just precise. P-R-E -C-I-S-E Everything in its place, everywhere tidy, drawers closed, shoes in line, dresses on hangers, cupboard doors closed. Tight. Neat.
 Oh, the Princess fought hard enough. Tooth and royal nail. Clothes strewn hither and thither, socks scattered willy and nilly; shoes kicked under beds; paper baskets empty, floors full and any place that seemed the least bit tidy, scribbled and scrabbled and left in a mess. 
All for NOTHING. 
Yes, because NOTHING is exactly what Miss Penny Precise said and did. Said nothing, did nothing - simply smiled and stepped over things. Not a word.
 Oh, not to say the Princess lost the battle. Well, not completely. Least not to admit. It was just that the whole business went on too long. On and on, and on. Add another on. Every day the same - boring like you were thinking to jump off a cliff! Well, try spending the day searching for a sock or something every bit as stupid, not finding it. Having to look again and still not finding the crack-brained thing. Try needing something in a tearing great hurry, finding it when it was a million years too late; not finding a favourite pair of shoes and having to wear those hideous things you swore never ever to be seen in again. Alive or dead. Not just boring - double, cross-eyed boring!
 Then, there was . . . well, it was just that she was sort of beginning to like Miss Penny Precise a bit. All right, perhaps a bit more than a bit. Missed her like Billy Whiz when it was her day off. 
 Anyway, enough of that! Soon this dreary ceremony would be over and then it would be time for the Big Top to be opening its doors. Surprisingly good it was too - least from all she’d been told by Clara Clothes Peg and Councillor Drawing Pin who had been ‘specially invited to a rehearsal.’ 
 ‘A dress rehearsal, yes, but absolutely breathtaking,’ added Clara Clothes Peg. ‘Can’t wait to see it again.’ ‘Stunning,’ agreed Councillor Drawing Pin. Not that Serena cared a cat’s meow what they thought ­- good, bad or please itself, the Circus would serve her purpose, give her what she wanted. In less than an hour, the performance at the Big Top would be over and then, after the usual curtsies and a fussing chorus of ’thank you for comings,’ it would be time for the rides.
She’d go on every single one, even the boring ones that weren’t the least bit scary and then, after she had been on them all – some maybe twice - she’d stroll amongst the stalls, taking time to stop every now and then to admire the goods for sale and chatting with everyone around. Oh yes indeed, chatting and charming and smiling her painted on smile and – what was the expression? - rubbing shoulders with the common people of Yeltsin. Her father would be leaving as soon as the Big Top finished – another starchified meeting – but no matter. The longer it took and the more people she met, so much the better. She smiled another smile. Then it would be home - if you could ever call the Summer Palace home - to where the Prince would be waiting and he would rush out to greet her, would squeeze her tight and then, with that huge, bellowing laugh of his, would swing her high off the ground as he always did. And then, as he also always did, he would kiss her on her forehead and say: ‘Your daddy missed you today, Serena. So go change and come down to dinner. Quick like a bunny!’
A bunny at her age, would you believe? 
And that would be the moment. THE MOMENT And how good it was to be able to say to herself how thorough she had been and how everything had been planned to the second. Pleased or not, she went through it once again. Not that she minded - she enjoyed going through it, especially the part where she would smile at her father, would turn and walk towards the stairs and, as she walked, she would begin to unfasten her cape, slowly and deliberately, taking her time. The third stair was the one: built extra wide to take in the turn of the stairs and high enough to bring her face to face, eye to eye with her father. Perfect! Then, as she reached it and began to turn, she would stop, stand for a second, swivel round on her heels, take a deep breath and scream: ‘The necklace! It’s gone! Stolen! At the Circus! The necklace! It’s gone!
Everything to plan.
Oh, she knew well enough that the real test would come later, but she also knew her father. A quick tear from his one and only daughter and he’d be in a complete frenzy. She could see him now, careering about the place like a man gone mad, shouting for his Chief of Police, the Royal Guard, the Fire Brigade, anyone he could think of. Next to exploding is how he would be: jumping hoops and promising her the world; anything to make her feel better. She‘d make no mention of her mother’s locket. Not then. Not immediately. Tomorrow would be soon enough. Would do fine. 
 And what an act that would be! She’d arrive at breakfast looking like she’d barely slept a wink: hair a haystack, eyes puffed red - a good rub with a towel would see to that – and she’d push her breakfast about her plate, take not a single bite, and then, at precisely the right moment, she would look up and say: ‘Daddy I can’t begin to say how terrible I feel about the necklace.’ She would then pause, give a sob and add: ‘Really, Daddy, I can’t think of anything nicer you could have given me for my birthday.’ Another sob. ‘Except . . . that is . . . . of course . . . my mother’s locket.’ That would do it! For certain sure! She remembered the word. Inconsolable. Yes, that’s what she’d be. Inconsolable!
 Couldn’t miss!
And the necklace? Simple really! Two, maybe three days later, a letter would arrive at the Palace. What was called an anonymous letter. She hadn’t decided on the exact words – lots of time for that - but it would say something about the writer being sorry for taking the necklace and how she – or maybe it would be a he – was really sorry and wanted to return it to its rightful owner. The letter would then go on to say that he - or maybe it would be a she - had placed the necklace under a log that looked like a bench and that the bench could be found at the side of the road that ran from Yeltsin to Suchno. Close to where the circus was being held. She’d throw in a few more details of course, but more or less that is what it would say. Simple and also double brilliant! 
CHAPTER 7

Tiger Lilly was continuing with her journey to the circus. The road was busy now and becoming ever more so with people streaming in from all directions. Faces alive with excitement. Such a crowd! It was as if the whole of Yeltsin had gathered to smile their happiness as they hurried to see the greatest show on earth. Everyone, that is, except Tiger Lilly.
Bad enough the worries she had about her Mum and Dad and how they would be feeling once they discovered she was not at the circus with her sisters but – and wouldn’t you just know? – she had to start in worrying herself silly about the necklace. Why she had chosen to put the stupid thing in her pocket instead of straightways pushing it back under the log, she simply did not know. Just didn’t. And why she had decided to wait until now to start in fretting about it she also did not know. Maybe because she was born silly. Totally silly, no maybe about it! Well, think how many times in a day did she decide that she had done something wrong when it was far too late to put it right; forever changing her mind. Next minute changing it back again. And was it not also true that it was not only the big, important things she was always changing her mind about? Little things too. Take painting a picture, for instance. She’d paint a thing green, then wish it were blue; or yellow or purple or plain yucky black – anything but the colour she had already painted it. Next moment she would be wishing she hadn’t bothered with painting in the first place, had done something else. Or maybe not. Born silly!
Even so, it hadn’t seemed at all right and proper to push such a beautiful thing back under that mossy old log - least, not at the time it didn’t. Now, though, she could think of a million reasons why she should have done exactly that - left it where it was. Yes, pushed it back, walked away and pretended she had never set eyes on the crackpot of a thing. Another thing! Why would anyone want to hide something so beautiful in the first place? Under a log of all places? Didn’t make a scrap of sense. Then again, what did she know about being a princess? Not a thing and didn’t want to if they were all like this one – all that shouting, that nastiness. Even so, her Mum and Dad would have a whole lot to say about her taking something that didn’t rightly belong to her - supposing, of course, they still had breath enough after they had finished going on about the way she had sneaked out of the house that morning. But best not to think about that! Least not just now. Oh, what a birthday this had turned out to be! If only she could feel as happy as the people around her.
Wait a minute, though! An idea! Yes, and what an idea! Why should she tell her Mum and Dad about the necklace or about seeing the Princess or, come to think, about anything that had happened that morning? Why not just tell Pearl? Pearl, no one else!
 Now why in the name of Silly Billy Dickens had she not thought of that in the first place? All that worrying for nothing! Yes, as soon as she arrived at the Circus she would search until she found Pearl, tell her all that had happened and let her do the worrying. Let her decide what to do next. Pearl was the best ever at deciding what to do next and would never tell a secret no matter what and, if she happened to catch sight of her Mum and Dad before she saw Pearl, well she’d simply duck down and hide. She would hide from Lilac too. Worst in the world at keeping a secret was Lilac. Tell her a secret, tell the world. But not Pearl. Pearl was super clever – everyone said so and even their Mum and Dad always seemed to want to talk to her whenever they had a problem or something to decide. Lilac was clever too, but only sometimes. Right now, Pearl was the one she needed and so Tiger Lilly quickened her step. 
No trouble getting through the gates. Well, not much. All she had to do was pretend she was with Mr and Mrs Gollitoe to avoid the ticket collectors. ‘No child allowed without an adult,’ said a notice at the entrance, but then she spotted Mr and Mrs Gollitoe. Mr and Mrs Gollitoe had eleven children, so who to notice an extra one? Least of all Mr and Mrs Gollitoe.
She had even less trouble finding Pearl - caught sight of her the moment she walked through the gate. How she spotted her so quickly and in such a crowded place she would never know, but there she was, covered from head to toe in a bright yellow apron and busy as a beaver serving drinks and buns from an even more brightly coloured cart. Why and what she was doing handing out drinks and buns from a cart, Tiger Lilly had no idea. Didn’t care. All she wanted was to be with her. But then – and only just in time - Tiger Lilly remembered the promise she had made to herself when she was sitting on the bench resting her legs. It was a truly meant, hand on heart promise that said she would never ever again start dashing about like a duck with back-to-front legs without thinking things through carefully and properly. Before making double sure it was the right thing to do. And, what was more, there’d be no more saying things she never meant to say in the first place, or hiding under beds and keeping things that didn’t belong to her. No! In future everything she did would be thought out calmly and carefully, with no more of shall we or shall we nots. After all, she was nine now. Nine today.
 And so Tiger Lilly crouched in the shadow of the Big Top, squeezed hard at her eyes and concentrated all she could on the words she would say to Pearl. And then, having concentrated all she could, and having remembered to take her time – the first rule - she carefully and deliberately chose the words she would say. Repeated them until she knew each one by heart. Also, she decided, there would be no racing across the moment Pearl first caught sight of her. No, cool and composed is how it would be!
 What she would do is wait until Pearl spotted her, would wave to her in a sort of oh-so-there-you-are, casual sort of way and would then begin to walk towards her. Slowly and with a smile. Second thoughts, no smile. Slightly worried would be better. Not too worried, though. And so, and having decided, Tiger Lilly waited patiently and calmly as Pearl continued to serve her juices and her buns.
 Then it happened! Pearl had finished serving a customer, was wiping her hands on her apron when she looked up, caught sight of her, smiled a surprised happy to see-you smile and started to wave . . . and Tiger Lilly gave out a cry the like of which you have never heard before. A cry so loud and so mournful that all those unfortunate enough to be anyways near threw themselves back in horror. And no wonder! Such a terrible sound it was: a pathetic, howling wail of a cry that lasted without a stop until it disappeared into the folds of a bright yellow apron.
Naturally and of course, that had to be the very moment Mr Tommo appeared. on the scene. ‘What on earth!’ he exclaimed, pushing his way through the crowd of open-mouthed customers.
‘I am so sorry, Mr Tommo,’ Pearl said. looking up. ‘It’s my little sister, and I‘ve never seen her like this before. She’s really upset.’
‘Yes, I can see that,’ Mr Tommo replied, shaking his head. ‘How long has she been like this?
‘Oh she just this second arrived,’ Pearl hastened to explain. ‘It hasn’t interfered with my work, really it hasn’t. She’ll be fine in no time. Truly she will.’
‘Maybe so,’ replied Mr Tommo, with another shake of head. ‘Right now, though, I think it best for you take her to the Rumble Tum. Mrs Tommo will know what to do. So, off you go! Don’t worry, I’ll see to the cart’
The first thing Mrs Tommo did was to give each girl a glass of orange juice and sit them on stools in the quietest corner of the Rumble Tum.
 “Now my pretties,’ she said, turning to leave. “Shout when you have sorted things out and no need to hurry. Mr Tommo and I can manage nicely, so take your time.’
And so, Tiger Lilly took her time and didn’t hurry for there was much to tell. First though- and no point denying- there were more than a few tears and sobs to deal with before she was able to tell how she had hidden under her bed and how she had sneaked out the house without her Mum and Dad knowing. She then said how sorry she was and how she couldn’t bear the thought of them worrying themselves about her and where she was, but Pearl said straight off that it wasn’t her fault and she wasn’t to worry a single second more. Mum and Dad would understand, she said and, on reflection, would regret not having told her why her sisters had gone to the circus without her. Would, more than likely, be blaming themselves.
‘What’s on reflection?’ asked Tiger Lilly, looking brighter.
‘Having second thought, changing things,’ said Pearl.
‘I do that lots,’ said Tiger Lilly wiping away the last of her tears.
But now it was time! Time to forget all about sobs, tears and saying sorry and tell the most exciting part of all. So, after a quick return to the orange juice, Tiger Lilly began to tell how she had heard a strange noise when she was walking towards the Circus and how she had hidden behind a bush and how a beautiful coach with soldiers and horses had arrived and how Princess Serena – ‘Honest, I tell no lie, Pearl, it was really, really her!’– had stepped from the coach and had shouted the most awful things at someone she called her governess. How she kept on shouting she wanted to be alone. 
The best thing about the telling was that Pearl stayed perfectly still, still as a town square statue, moving not a fraction and with eyes that grew wider with each word. Pearl’s eyes were always as large as saucers, but now they were dinner plates. She had also been the best at listening, but never had she ever listened the way she was listening now. So now was the time. Time to tell about the necklace.
 And so she did. 
‘May I see it?’ said Pearl as soon as Tiger Lilly had finished. She said it quietly and in a way that told Tiger Lilly she believed her every word and so Tiger Lilly reached into her pocket. “There!” she said, thrusting the necklace into Pearl’s hand. “Isn’t that the most beautiful thing you ever did see?’
Pearl made no reply, but drew the necklace slowly across her palm. ‘Oh my!’ she said at last. She said it again: ‘Oh my!’ But then, with a twist of hand so fast as to make Tiger Lilly jump, she pushed the necklace deep into her apron pocket. Deep as it would go.
‘Listen to me Tiger Lilly,’ she said, taking a breath and leaning towards her. ‘I don’t know what this is about it and perhaps it’s better if I don’t, but what I do know is that this necklace doesn’t belong to us – not to you and not to me - and the best thing we can do is put it back where you found it. Soon as we can! Next thing is for us to say nothing about it. Nothing, you hear? Not to Mum, not to Dad, to no one. Certainly not to Lilac. The truth is I have a nasty feeling about this, a feeling that tells me there’s something wrong, and the sooner we put it back, the better!’
‘May I have a last look at it then? asked Tiger Lilly.
No,’ Pearl replied, sharply. ‘Just concentrate on what I’m saying. Say nothing about the coach, the soldiers or anything else you saw this morning. Nothing about the Princess. Not a whisper, you hear! It has to be as if it never happened and I want you to promise you will not breathe a word. Not to anyone. Your solemn promise.’ 
‘I promise,’ agreed Tiger Lilly.
‘Swear.’
‘Cross my heart, spit in the wind and hope to die.’ 
 ‘Right then,’ Pearl continued. ‘I’ll put it back soon as I can – on my way home would be good And don’t worry, I know the log - should do, I’ve sat on it often enough. There’s no mistaking it anyway.’
‘What about Lilac, she’ll be with you?’
‘I’ll think of a way to distract her,’ replied Pearl
‘What’s distract?’ asked Tiger Lilly. There was no time for an answer. Mrs Tommo was back, holding their mother’s hand and speeding towards them as fast as her legs could go and with their dad, red-faced with Mattie on his shoulder, trying his best to keep up.
 ‘We’ve been looking everywhere!’ her Mum cried as she let go of Mrs Tommo’s hand to speed even faster, her arms stretched wide. ‘I can’t begin to tell you how worried we’ve been, but then we spotted Lilac and here we are! Such a relief, I can’t describe!’ She threw her arms around her: ‘Poor Tiger Lilly, it hasn’t been the best of birthdays has it, my love? Not good at all.’ She was still holding her tight when she turned to Lou. ‘How about if we come back later in the week, try making it up to her,’ she said.
 ‘A grand idea,’ Lou replied. ‘Something for us to look forward to.’ How wrong he was.
 CHAPTER 8

 Mr Tommo looked across at his wife. The circus had closed for the night; they had finished supper and were sitting in their caravan enjoying a coffee.
He leaned back in his chair. ‘Are you going to tell me?’ he asked.
‘Tell you? Tell you what?’
 ‘What it was all about? he replied. ‘Today. With the girls,’
‘What do you mean, with the girls?’
‘Oh Beth, let us not pretend! About telling them how wonderful they were before you barely had chance to set eyes on them. Sitting them down, serving them juice and buns within minutes of you arriving; running out to the carts at every excuse to see if they needed anything; telling them they could work for us tomorrow without a word to me. And that bag of goodies you gave them to take home - enough for a dozen birthday parties, the size of it. Oh, I know how kind you are with all the young people who come to work at the Circus, always have been and I love you for it, but Beth, I have never seen you the way you were today.’ 
‘Did you not notice? Did you not see?’
‘See! See what?’
Mrs Tommo stood from her chair and walked to the window, stayed with her back to him. ‘The girl,’ she said, still not turning. ‘The older one, the one called Pearl. Could you not see it?’
Mr Tommo pushed himself from the table and walked to stand behind her. ‘Yes, of course I did,’ he said. ‘How could I not! I suppose it’s what they call a spitting imagine, but whatever they choose to call it, I must admit I was completely stunned, couldn’t take my eyes off her.’ He put his arms around her. ‘But we agreed to let it go. It’s been five years, and I thought we’d agreed.’
She turned in his arms. ‘Yes we did, but this is different. I mean it, Zach, and I am not trying to bring her back and I’m definitely not wallowing in the past as you must think. I’m fine, really I am. It’s just that … well, you have been saying for ages that we should be thinking of employing someone on a permanent basis, at least while we are on tour, and I think this girl Pearl would be ideal. Truth is I would like you to spend some more time with her, see what you think. All right, so perhaps the way she looks is having an influence on me – bound to be and I would be lying to say it isn’t - but I’d like you to give it some thought, spend a little time with her. I‘ve watched her, Zach, and she’s a real good worker, never seen better, catches on fast and is a natural with customers. Don’t ask me what it is, but watch people when she’s serving them, try counting the number of smiles. It’s a gift, Zach, and it must be in the family, her sister has it too.’ 
‘Yes, all right, I promise, but please, Beth, don’t start counting chickens. First off, she might not even want to consider it - the travelling, leaving her family, having to spend months away from home. And her parents – chances are they need her on the farm. 
‘Yes, I know, I know, but all I’m asking is for you to think about it. Spend a little of tomorrow with her.’
 They were silent a while, then Mrs Tommo said: ‘This morning wasn’t the first time, Zach. Yesterday. I saw her yesterday and couldn’t believe the likeness, but when I walked in the Rumble Tum and saw her standing there . . . well it was if it was some sort of destiny, something that just had to be.’
‘Yesterday! I don’t understand.’
‘When I went for my walk. 
 Zach laughed out loud, pushed her towards a chair. ‘OK, Mrs Tommo,’ he said. ‘So how about you and I sit down while you tell me about it?’
She was more than eager, began right away: ‘As I said, it was yesterday, late morning, soon after we had finished setting up here and, as you know, I decided to go for a walk. Seems neither one of us has been in a mood for walking lately, don’t know why, but this last one was quite a journey and I felt a stretch of legs would do me good. I did ask if you would like to come, remember, but you were busy, said to enjoy my walk.’
 ‘I suppose I walked further than I meant to,’ she continued. ‘They’ve had a real bad harvest here this year and the valleys are dry as tinder, everywhere parched brown, but this is still a beautiful country and maybe I got carried away. Anyway, after a while, I stopped to look around myself, take in the view, the snow-capped mountains in the distance, and I was leaning on a wall and there was a family working in a nearby field. I was in no hurry - glad of the rest I suppose - and I stayed and watched until they came close. Then, all at once, they seemed to notice me and they waved, and I waved back. It was then that I saw her. 
‘Zach, I thought I was dreaming one of my dreams. It was her! Not just like her. It was her! Everything about her: her face, the shape of her nose, the way she held her head, the flick of hair – oh everything! – her walk, her smile. In a while, the father came over and talked to me and she joined him. The others came too. They were so nice, eager to chat, but I have no idea what we talked about – all I know is that I couldn’t stop looking at her. Could not believe it!
‘I remember thinking you were away a while.’ Zach said.
‘Yes, I suppose I was. Actually after I left them, I sat for a while on a nearby bench - an old log really – my mind in a daze of trying to understand how they could be so alike, Tessa and the girl in the field, but they were not sad thoughts, Zach, they were happy thoughts. Don’t ask me to explain, but somehow seeing someone who looked exactly like our daughter filled me with a kind of happiness I thought I’d forgotten and I suppose I wanted nothing more than to see her again. Not that I expected to – of course I didn’t, and how could I? – but I arrived this morning and there she was. Oh, Zach . I have had such a wonderful day. Wonderful! More than I can say’
They were silent a while. Zach said, ‘OK, I promise. I’ll make sure I spend some time with her tomorrow, see what I think.’ He gave a grin. ‘Go a bit easier on the goody bags, though, Bess. The pantry box is near empty as it is. And by the way, did you see anything of the Princess today,’ he added, anxious to change the subject.
‘Yes, I did. She stopped at both stalls and had a word with the girls – can’t tell you how delighted they were and I have to say the Princess is not at all like I expected. From all I’ve ever been told, she is supposed to be a bit of a madam, spoiled and impossible to please, but she couldn’t have been nicer – not today anyway: talked to everyone, wanted to know all about them, where they lived, what they did. A really nice young girl, seemed to me, completely charming. A real beauty too. Did you not see her?’
‘A glimpse, that’s all. Saw the Prince though. Saw him arrive this morning.’
‘How did he seem?’
‘Fine, just fine. Best I’ve seen him look in years. Perhaps, at long last, he’s moving on from the accident.’
‘An avalanche, from what I remember reading. Skiing with friends.’
‘Yes, out here on the local mountains, the Madre Slopes. The Prince was due to join them, was actually on his way when it happened. A terrible time it was, for him, for everyone, for this country. Terrible. They loved Janine, the people here in Mandredela, worshipped her and everything about her. Still do. I don’t know, maybe it was because she loved them as much as they loved her – oh, not the usual, sort of official, so-nice-to-meet-you kind of love we have come to expect from royalty, but a kneel-down-to-children-and-old-folk kind of love. Hugged people, laughed with them, cried with them; wanted things for them. Maybe because she was born a commoner, who’s to say?’ 
‘So, what was all that business about her betrothal locket? From all I remember, it caused quite a stir - headlines everywhere. Far as America.’
‘Yes it did. Not that the rest of the world ever had the first idea what the fuss was about. Thought they did, but how could they without actually living here? How could they know how important the locket is here in Mandredela, the part it plays in the lives of its people? No idea.’
‘What happened?’
Mr Tommo looked at his watch. ‘It’s a long story, time for bed I think.’
‘Please, Zach.’ 
‘Oh, all right, sit back. It’s quite a story.’ He pulled his chair towards her. ‘It all started about twelve or thirteen years ago, the story of Prince Xavier and Janine. They met on the Slopes. Where else? Mad on skiing the pair of them: teenagers near enough the same age and more than crazy about each other from the very start. Out on the Pistes when they met and hence the jokes about them falling for each other - which is exactly what they did. Anyway, Janine came from a family rich as rich, an only child, and though her father had a high-sounding Mandredelan title and cash enough to buy the crown jewels, the King and Queen had no intention of allowing their precious son and heir to marry the girl he loved. Not because she was a commoner – at least that’s what the Palace tried to make everyone believe – but because a union with Princess Beatrice of Saracovia was on the cards, had been from the day she was born and no one can deny how important an alliance between their two countries would have been. A real advantage any way you looked at it and far too important to let a small matter of love or the stubbornness of a prince interfere. But, love and the Prince did interfere, paid no attention to all the pressures - came out fighting from the word go: said he would marry Janine, and no other.’ 
 ‘And then?
‘Well, no telling how many times the Prince went through the business of asking his parents for his betrothal locket knowing full well they would point blank say no. Would refuse to bend. But the people of Mandredela were already in love with Janine, and the Prince knew it – boy, how he knew it!- and used every chance to make sure that all his battles with the King and Queen and the rest of the Palace crowd were fought out in the open and not behind the Palace walls. Made sure the people of Mandredela were there to witness every twist, every turn. Win? Of course, he won! Well, knowing the Mandredelan people and their love of romance how could he not? Ran a real smart campaign, did the Prince, blew the royal socks off the King and Queen, and the rest of the Palace crowd and no two ways!’ 
‘It wasn’t the only shock though, was it?’ Mrs Tommo was leaning back and smiling as she began to remember ‘After all that, did she not turn him down? Something about his locket?’
‘That she did.’ replied Mr Tommo. ‘Turned hin down flat! Not that I’d call it a shock - more like an earthquake!’ 
‘Great! So tell me about it; every detail if you please. First, though, tell me about this country and the business of its lockets. It’s all to do with tradition, that much I do I know, but on the face of it, the fuss they make seems so much of a nonsense. Hard to understand.’
Mr Tommo smiled. ‘Most traditions are I suppose, but as far as the Mandredelan locket is concerned, I think it true to say that the locket has not only played a significant part in the history of this country, but has helped in no small way to maintain a regard for family values which seems to be disappearing at an alarming rate in most other parts of the world. And fast! As to when the tradition began, I have to say I have no idea; lost in the mist of time I suppose, but from all I can see, its influence is strong as ever. And, it’s a simple enough tradition. I’m no expert but, best I know, it goes something like this:
 ‘When a boy is sixteen, he receives a locket from his parents, which he immediately hands back for them to keep until the time comes when he tells them he has met the girl he wishes to marry. Not that a boy of sixteen is likely to give a tinker’s cuss about a locket on his sixteenth birthday - probably as much as he can do to give the thing a glance. And who to blame him? Big, unattractive things is the only way I can describe them and certainly not the kind of thing I can see you in a hurry to wear. They are, though, finely engineered and have to be for they are designed to contain many compartments, which they call pages.’
‘Pages? To hold pictures of loved ones, that kind of thing, I suppose. Mementos perhaps?’
‘Exactly, as it is with all lockets, but the Madredelan boy’s locket will eventually – or so the parents hope – contain pictures not only of themselves, of their son and his wife, but a whole cart load of grandchildren. The more the merrier in this country. In other words, it‘s destined to become more a family album than a locket and that’s the reason they make them so big. Made with expectations, I suppose you could say. ’
‘Seems to me, knowing men, that it would be the wife who would end up looking after her husband’s locket, but I don’t see many women wearing them. Come to think, I can’t remember seeing a single one since we came here.’
‘No, you won’t. Not unless you happen to be at a family gathering, a birthday or some such and you are right about the wife taking charge of her husband’s locket. Actually, it becomes officially hers as soon as they marry. I’ve attended only one Mandredela wedding and that was some years ago, but I can still remember the priest blessing the locket, handing it to the bride and telling her to treasure it for the rest of her life. In other words, the locket was now hers, and hers to keep.’ 
‘What happens when she dies, who gets it then?’
‘It goes to her eldest daughter to keep as a family heirloom and, if you are ever invited into a Mandredealan house, rich or poor, the first thing you are likely to see is a display cabinet crammed to the brim with lockets. A sort of a family’s history in pictures,’
‘Sounds a rather nice thing. But what if the boy never marries?’
 ‘Don’t know, never thought of it. What I do know, however, is that I’m tired and off to bed.’
‘Oh no you don’t! Don’t you dare leave me dangling! Not until you tell me about Janine and how she turned the Prince down. About what happened!
‘Oh, all right! It won’t take long for it was in no way what you might call a drawn out affair: ‘The King and Queen had finally given in and had agreed that their son could marry Janine and the whole population of Mandredela were at once up to their necks in a guessing game of when the wedding would be. Over the moon they were and planning all kinds of celebrations and to heck with all thought of the cost. Make the world notice! After all, one day, they would have their beloved Janine as their queen. 
‘As to the Prince. Well, let’s say he was having a rare old time with his pals. And why not! After all, he had at long last been given Royal permission to marry the girl he loved; the people of Mandredela were jumping cartwheels and all that remained for him to do was approach Janine’s father and formally ask him for his daughter’s hand in marriage. No trouble there: the Prince was a regular visitor at Janine’s home and knew it was just a matter of asking - great pals the Prince and Janine’s Dad - and so, when he recovered enough from his celebrations to remember the next part of the ritual, Prince Xavier made his way to Janine’s house, knocked at the door the required three times and, when her father appeared, gave a deep bow and humbly asked his permission to marry his daughter. Of course it hadn’t taken long for a crowd to gather and what a cheer there was when Janine’s father returned the bow, solemnly declared that he would deliver the locket to his daughter ‘forthwith.’ and to declare in a voice for all to hear, that the Prince could expect its return ‘with due consideration and dispatch’ He wasn’t wrong, for Janine had it back in the hands of the Prince within the hour. The only thing was the locket was empty. Stone, cold empty! Not a lock, not a hair, not a whisp!
 He simply could not believe it!
‘No, I don’t suppose he can,’ was Janine’s reply to the barrage of stunned questioning that greeted her as she stepped out of her house the next morning. ‘My father and my mother agreed to our betrothal, the King and Queen agreed and so, it seems, did every other person in this country. But he didn’t ask me. Took it for granted. Took ME for granted! A big mistake. No way will I marry a man who thinks he can take me for granted.’
‘Absolutly superb! What a girl she was,’ Beth explained, with a clap. ‘No wonder everyone loved her Anyway, a happy ending, they married in the end.’
‘Ah yes, but not just like that! Took him the better part of a year before he finally managed to win her round. Made the Prince and her father have a good think about things, about attitudes. Made everyone think about attitudes. But then, that was Janine.
‘I just love her.’
‘That’s what I told you - everyone loved her. 
They sat quietly for a minute then Zach said: Well, I’m off. Bed calls.’
He reached the door. ‘Zach’
‘Yes?’
‘Don’t forget your promise. About tomorrow.’
CHAPTER 9

They were in the coach and on the way home from the circus: Princes Serena gazing steadily through the window; Miss Penny Pennington gazing steadily at Princess Serena. From all appearances, it had been a most successful day with a steady flow of people approaching Miss Penny to say how wonderful they thought the Princess was and how much they enjoyed having her with them here in Yeltsin. And Miss Penny had smiled and agreed.
But Miss Penny was puzzled. Puzzled and worried. No doubt about it, the Princess was up to something. What it could be, she had no idea. That business of wanting a rest on the way to the circus; making them stop the coach and saying she wanted to be alone; fussing about the driver; shouting at the escort. The worrying thing was that she had been so nice lately, so easy to get along with, had been for quite some time, but as soon as she stepped into the coach that morning, back she was to being her old nasty self. Miss Penny had been sure a miserable day lay ahead, but no, quite the reverse, from the moment they arrived at the Circus there was nothing but smiles and a ready flow of non-stop charm. Definitely something.
 Suddenly the Princess turned from the window: ‘Miss Penny, I’m so sorry about this morning, I really didn’t mean to say the things I did – you know, about you being an old crow. I don’t know what made me say such a thing and I’m truly sorry. Really, I am.’
Miss Penny laughed. ‘All right, I forgive you, though I have to say I’ve been called a deal worse – by you, as a matter of fact.’ She reached across to take the Princess’s hand. ‘We didn’t get along at all well at first, did we? A difficult time for both of us, those first few months.’ 
‘No, Miss Penny we didn’t. But we do now, don’t we? Please say we do.’
Miss Penny nodded and smiled. ‘Yes we do, Serena, and each day we get to know each other that little bit better and understand one another more and more.’
 And Penny, sitting back in her seat and with eyes still fixed on Serena, remembered those early months and the many times she had thought of resigning her post, of leaving Mandredela. Not only because of the difficulties she had been having with Serena, but because she had a bigger problem, a much bigger problem: the Prince. 
One of the first conditions she agreed upon when she accepted the position of Governess and Tutor to Princess Serena was an arrangement to report to him on a regular basis. ‘Nothing formal, just a get-together chat,’ said the Prince. ‘Exchange ideas, see how she is doing.’ 
 ‘I admit she can be a difficult child.’ she remembered him adding. ‘What’s more, being in the care of people who made not the slightest attempt to understand her didn’t help. Not that I have anyone to blame but myself - after all, I was the one who did the choosing - but you have an impeccable record, Miss Pennington, and a great deal of experience with children. Somehow, I have a feeling things are going to be different from now on.’
He was right,things were different. Very different. Oh, they met regularly enough: meetings once a week, more often twice, but they could hardly be described as ‘having-a-chat’ meetings. More like battle zones. 
‘Do you ever for a moment stop to think about the kind of life your daughter is forced to live – no playmates to rough and tumble with, to squabble with? No one to fight and make up with, to adventure and get in trouble with. Nothing but servants and tutors and, yes, the likes of me. All the poor girl ever hears is “Yes Princess” or “Of course, Princess.” So how can you possibly expect her to grow up knowing about the ordinary, every-day things in life, the important things, when everyone around her does nothing but agree with every single, solitary word she says, everything she does. And you, her father, seem determined to fight me at every turn.’
And, once a week, more often twice, the Prince would turn a deep red, would explode and say: ‘Poor girl you say! Do nothing! How can you possibly say such things? Have I not followed through on your recommendations – even the clearly idiotic ones – reprimanded her when I thought she needed it; encouraged her and spent time with her, did everything you said for me to do? Playmates you say! Rough and tumble? Such nonsense! You seem to forget she is a princess – a princess of royal blood with a future that is bound to be different from other girls and, like it or not, that is the way it is. Has to be.’ 
‘Yes, all right, I hear what you say and must admit there are times when you do try, but then you spoil it all by giving in to her at every turn. The first glimmer of a tear and off you go to get whatever it is she happens to want like a world champion sprinter. She’s a lovely girl, and yet you seem determined to do all you can to spoil that loveliness.’
‘Really! Well then, if that is what you really think, why not resign? Nothing I do seems to satisfy you and I am heartily sick of having to go through this wearisome shouting match every few days. All I can say is I have tried my best and, if you do not like the way I do things, then pack your bags and leave! Be a lot quieter around here and that’s a fact! And, what’s more, you also seem to have a great deal of trouble remembering exactly who I am. No one else ever thinks to talk to me the way you do and that, I have to say, is another reason I think you should leave.’
‘You are right. I shall leave at the end of the month. Be glad to see an end to this endless struggle that is fast getting us nowhere, having to deal with nothing but stubbornness. Yes, I shall do exactly what you suggest and resign!’
‘Good! I’ll make sure you do!’ he would say, usually standing at that point to leave the room. But, he didn’t, and she didn’t, and the meetings carried on as usual, at least once, more often twice a week.
 Then, came the last meeting before the move to Yeltsin. So much to do: to discuss, to arrange, but Miss Penny had made a decision speak to him about the troublesome locket. No matter what. Oh, she was nervous, and no two ways: nervous and full of doubts. She was, after all, the girl’s governess, nothing more, and even as she entered the room, she was still questioning her right to interfere in what she knew was surely a family affair She knew, too, that if she failed to handle the Prince with a deal more care than she had in the past, she could well be signalling the end of her time in Mandredela. The truth was she didn’t want to quit, had never wanted to quit, had no intention of quitting: they were all a bluff, those threats to resign, and she shuddered to think how things would have been for her had the Prince accepted her word and insisted that she leave. She would have been devastated, no other word, and how she had ever thought to make such threats she simply did not know. The truth was she loved Serena, had loved her from the minute they met, and the thought of having to leave Mandredela was more than Penny dared contemplate. This time, no matter what, no matter how frustrated or angry she felt, she would try to keep her emotions in check, forget she even knew the word resign. Not just try - bite her tongue off first 
The first surprise was that he was waiting for her - the first time ever, best she could remember. The second surprise was that he greeted her with what could only be described as his pleasant face – not a first time ever, but near enough - and the third surprise was that instead of them being separated by an enormous desk and a forbidding stretch of carpet, two chairs had been placed before a tall, floor to ceiling window that looked out across the valley to the snow-covered slopes of the Madre Mountains.
‘Breathtaking isn’t it?’ he said as soon as they were seated He actually gave a smile. ‘And so peaceful.’ He let the smile continue. ‘See that field in the distance, the one beyond the stream and the far copse of trees? Well, looking at it now, it is hard to believe that a famous battle was once fought there – a long drawn-out and bloody battle that proved absolutely nothing in the end - and I had a thought that our meetings could perhaps benefit from such a view; help them be a little more, shall we say, peaceful.’
‘I would like that,’ Penny replied. ‘So very much.’
‘Right, well then let’s put it to the test by saying right off that I would appreciate it if you would allow me to speak first and without interruption. Difficult, I know, but look out the window if you feel a need to explode.’
‘First, let me say I know you have been talking to Serena about her mother and her – our - betrothal locket: Knew it as soon as she began pestering for it and, Miss Penny, let me say frankly that I was more than angry that you should – how shall I put it? – have the effrontery to believe you had some kind of right to be poking your nose where it didn’t belong, Into a family affair. Particularly I might add, because I felt you had lived in this country long enough to know our ways and must have surely come to understand how important Janine’s locket would be to me. Yet, you went ahead without talking to me first.’
 Miss Penny tried to speak but the Prince raised a hand: ‘Then, last night at dinner, a real surprise! Serena told me that you and Janine were at school together. Were old friends.’ He had to raise his hand again. ‘I suppose I should have guessed, but I didn’t.,’ he continued. ‘Nor can I say why I reacted the way I did, but the fact that you had never thought to mention any of this - not a word at the interview and not a word since -.made me angry. Angrier than I can ever remember me being. As I say, I can’t think for the life of me why I should have felt the way I did, but what I do know is that soon as I could after dinner I was on my way to your room with no other thought but to tell you to pack your bags and leave. Yes, I know, once again, but maybe, this time, meaning it. But then, after trying my best to knock your door off its hinges and getting angrier by the minute, I happened to glance through a nearby window and there you were, you and Serena, walking hand in hand through the garden, smiling and chatting away as though you hadn’t seen each other for months. 
‘Why I hadn’t seen it before I simply and truly do not know and, the more I think about it, the more I find it hard to believe how blind I have been these past years. It was as if a curtain had been torn from my eyes and all I could see was how much you cared for each other, you and my daughter. Could see, plain as the stupid nose on my face, just how much she needs you.’
 His voice became a whisper: ‘It has been hard for both of us, for Serena and I, and it hasn’t helped her having a fool of a man for a father.’ He stood to pace the room. ’Anyway, I stayed watching until you had left the garden, then went straight to my rooms and searched until I found it – Janine’s box of letters. I’d read them before - of course I had – many times, but last night they seemed somehow different and I stayed half the night reading them again. Some I read twice, some many times more. You are ‘P’ aren’t you? The ‘P’ in her letters. A silly question! I know you are!’ 
He stopped pacing, sat again and pulled his chair closer. ‘She kept all your letters, you know. Every one, far as I can see. Great ones for writing, both of you; at least to each other you were; telling your hopes, your secrets, all you were doing – the latest gossip and they tell just how much she loved me, cherished our baby and how happy she was with her life. How good we were for each other.
‘Miss Penny, I have to tell you that last night I was happy too; the happiest I have known since it happened. Not only that, but your letters told me of a friendship that was a rare and wonderful thing and, the more I read, the more I realised that the one thing I would like – how shall I put it? – is to see if we could somehow let the friendship you had with Janine sort of shine through to us - make it so we could perhaps become friends. It is something I would dearly love, and I think Janine would have wanted it too.
‘Yes, she would,’ said Penny. She would have said more, but tears were perilously close and the best she could manage was another: ‘Yes she would.’
‘Fine then, that’s settled. No more threatening to leave, no more pitched battles and no more tiresome meetings.’ He raised both hands in front of his face: a boxer defending himself: ‘And no more denying I was right all along.’ For the first time there was laughter between them and there was more that evening as they planned the move to Yeltsin.
‘One thing!’ he exclaimed. ‘Your letters explained clearly enough why you were never able to visit us here in Mandredela and we were truly sorry to hear about your parents, but I’m still puzzled as to why you didn’t say you were ‘P’ when I first interviewed you. I think it might have helped, you know. Helped both of us.’
‘Yes I know and I am more than sorry, and all I can say is that I had a notion in my head of not wanting my friendship with Janine to influence you and, once I’d made such a great secret of it, I simply couldn’t seem to find the right time, or the courage. Silly I know and I’m truly sorry.’ 
 Then came the biggest surprise in an evening full of surprises: ‘Oh, by the way I’ve decided that Serena should have her mother’s locket.’ He said it casually, almost as an afterthought: ‘As a matter of fact – and you possibly know this - she is actually entitled to it by law. Not that the law has stopped me putting it off for as long as I could and I feel that you, perhaps more than anyone, will understand just how difficult it for me to part with Janine’s locket, even to Serena. More than difficult. Anyway, the thing is that Janine and I would have been celebrating our wedding anniversary just about now, in four days time in fact, and I‘ve decided it would be nice for her to have it on that day.’
‘Really! Oh wonderful, I’m so pleased. She’ll be over the moon, thrilled to bits!’ 
‘Good, I’m glad you are pleased and I think you will agree our anniversary would be the perfect day for her to receive it.’ 
‘Yes it would, absolutely perfect! Mind, I suppose it would be just as nice for her to have it on her birthday, the day after we arrive in Yeltsin. It’s only a few days before.’ 
 ‘Yes, I thought about that, but I have something quite separate and very special in mind for her birthday. It’s a something I’ve been thinking about for quite some time, but all the time wondering whether or not I should wait until she is older before giving it to her. However – and maybe it is because I’ve been feeling guilty at holding on to the locket for so long - I’ve decided she should have it in time for her birthday. The trouble is, it might be very late by the time I get to Yeltsin, possibly after she’s in bed, so I’m going to give it to her in the morning before you leave. It’s a necklace. A beautiful ruby necklace that was given to my Grandmother, Princess Yarna, on her ninth birthday by the Dowager Empress Leanna almost a hundred years ago and even now as I’m telling you this, I’m still not sure I’m doing the right thing. You see, not only is it a very valuable heirloom, but Grandmama Yarna insisted that when she died, the necklace should come to me in the hope that one day I would have a daughter who would wear it. She had no daughters herself and I have a feeling she left it to me because she was determined not to have the necklace ending up in the Royal Collection gathering dust. As I said, it was given to her for her ninth birthday and she loved it, treasured it all her life. Yes, I decided, the gift of a beautiful necklace and a day at the Shanghasi is surely enough for anyone’s birthday. Even Serena. The locket can wait a little while longer and no harm done.’
CHAPTER 10 

It was more than two hours since they had arrived home. The bag of goodies Mrs Tommo had given them had been quickly set out on the table and what a sight it was. Now all they had to do was wait for Pearl and Lilac to arrive home. 
‘For the life of me, I simply cannot remember ever seeing such a tea, not even a birthday tea’ said Sara, hands on hips as she surveyed the table. ‘Truth is I’ve been keeping a few treats especially for tonight, but what with this gift of food, well, as I say, I’ve never seen the like. ’
‘No, because there hasn’t been one,’ replied Lou, whispering so no one else could hear. ‘If you want the truth, I find it all a bit embarrassing – all this food and the fuss they make of us; the way they are with the girls. Especially Mrs Tommo. You’d think we were life-long friends, hardly someone she has just met. Seems all a bit much, sort of strange in a way. To me it does, anyway.’
Sara patted him on the cheek ‘That’s because you are being an old grump. They are naturally nice people, you can see it in their faces and I’m sure they are just as kind to all the young people lucky enough to be working for them.’ 
‘Yes, perhaps you are right and maybe I’m being a little too quick to judge.’ He looked again at the table. ‘But so much food!’ he exclaimed. ‘Tell you what! Why don’t we invite Bung over to join us? That is, of course, if he’s not still at the Circus busy hobnobbing with the higher ups. He’ll not be in a hurry to leave, loves that kind of thing.’
‘Yes, I was thinking the same,’ replied Sara. ‘About inviting him over, I mean. I’ll send Tiger Lilly, see if he’s home. One thing, though! I ‘ll not have the two of you arguing the way you do. Today has been a worrying day for all of us and I’d like what is left of it to be a little more peaceful.’
‘Argue! Bung and I? Never! Friendly discussions, nothing more.’
‘Yes and with both of you fighting like turkey cocks to do each other down.’ She clicked her fingers. ‘I know what I’ll do. Sit you at either end of the table and hope it’s long enough. 
‘Shall I go for Mr Ho then? asked Tiger Lilly.
‘Tiger Lilly! exclaimed her Dad. How many times have I to remind not to listen to things that don’t concern you.’
‘I wasn’t listening,’ replied Tiger Lilly. ‘Just standing here. Sometimes it’s quite hard not to hear things even when you’re not listening and it’s double hard when you are not sure whether it might be something that concerns you. Without listening that is.’
Her Dad stared at her, shook his head. ‘Yes, all right,’ he said. ‘But just go! And ask if it’s convenient, that he’s not too busy. Ask politely.’
‘What’s convenient?’ asked Tiger Lilly.
‘Oh, just go get him,’ said her Dad and so Tiger Lilly went and brought Mr Ho back with her.
‘It was convenient,’ she said.
‘I waited a while at the Circus,’ said Mr Ho, staring open eyed at the table. ‘Thought I’d walk home with the girls, but they were still tidying up after what I believe was a very busy day. Another hour, I would think, before they get here, so I’ve brought along a special bottle of wine. It’s one I’ve been keeping for my birthday, but what the heck I thought.’
‘Now you two! Promise not to start in with your arguing,’ said Sara
‘Arguing. Friendly discussions,’ said Mr Ho. Nothing more.’
And so they didn’t argue, just waited.
‘Can I give Mattie a bun?’ asked.Tiger Lilly, her eyes fixed steadily on the table. I can tell he is hungry and if he doesn’t eat something real quick, I think he’ll start in on his crying and we all know how long it takes him to stop once he gets started. Especially when he’s hungry.’ 
‘’Yes, all right, just one, said her Dad. ‘The girls will be here soon.’
‘I’m not so sure he likes buns,’ continued Tiger Lilly. Maybe I should try one first, see if I think he will like them?’
‘Yes,’ said her Dad, more intent on what Gung was saying.
‘The girls tell me you have had a worrying day,’ said Gung handing the bottle to Sara. ‘Heard you lost Tiger Lilly.’
‘Not lost,’ replied Lou. ‘Not lost at all. Just not where we thought she was, that’s all.’
‘Where then did you think she was?’
‘Still in her bed. Asleep.’
‘Where was she then?’
‘On her way to the circus.’ replied Lou, deciding this was one he was definitely going to lose. 
‘I see,’ said Mr Ho, his eyes turning to the ceiling. ‘And you didn’t know?’
‘I’ve tried him with a honey bun but I’m not so sure he likes it,’ said Tiger Lilly tugging at her father’s sleeve ‘Maybe I should try tasting one of the lemon cakes for him instead, se if I think he’ll like them better. ’
‘No, you shall not,’ exclaimed her Dad. 
‘But, Daddy, he’s still hungry and it looks like he’s just about to start. Crying I mean.’
‘Oh for heaven’s sake, try a lemon cake then. Anything!’
‘Yes and I believe there was a bit of a commotion at the circus,’ continued Mr Ho. ‘Some kind of a fuss with Tiger Lilly from what I understand. Told she was upset about something.’
‘Nothing. It was nothing. Pearl was with her.’
‘Daddy, I gave him one of the lemon cakes like you said, but he would only take one small bite, wanted a sweet pork roll instead. So I tried one and I think he’s going to like them.’
‘Tiger Lilly. Can you not see I’m talking to Mr Ho?’
‘Did you see the Prince?’ asked Mr Ho
No, we were at the circus for only a little while, decided it would be better if we returned later in the week, have a full day. You saw him though. Don’t need to ask.’
‘Yes, had quite a long conversation, matter of fact and strangely enough about horses of all things. Seems he has some kind of ideas about Yeltsin becoming some kind of horsey place – a sort of centre for breeding thoroughbreds, training them, that kind of thing. Hardly knew what he was going on about half the time. Can’t abide horses myself, big clumsy things’
Tiger Lilly gave a tug on her father’s jacket.
‘What?’
‘He didn’t like the pork roll after all. All he does is take a bite out of everything he tastes, which means I have to finish every single one. Shall I keep on trying?’
‘Yes,’ said her Dad with a mind as far away from pork rolls as a mind could ever be. A mind on horses.
‘They’re here!’ shouted Sara who had been waiting in the doorway. ‘Here at last,’ and in no time everyone was seated at the table and what a party it was! More than enough to eat, with Tiger Lilly being toasted with Mr Ho’s special wine, with a present of a comb and brush set from Pearl and Lilac and a new dress for Tiger Lilly made by her Mum when the rest of the family was asleep. After they had eaten, Mr Ho surprised everyone with a box of magic tricks: actually made a bunch of flowers disappear in a flash of smoke; let each of them have a good tug at a piece of rope that had been cut in half yet managed to mend itself, and then, after a whole host of other impossible tricks, he turned an ordinary, everyday trouser button into a copper coin which he promptly gave to Tiger Lilly. Afterwards, Dad recited a poem, Mum brought out a selection of family lockets and told their stories, and finally everyone took turn in singing a song. All except Mattie who was fast asleep.
‘As good as any good harvest day, don’t you think? Tiger was asked. It was a question asked by everyone in turn and almost very minute. All wanting it to be good for Tiger Lilly.
‘Yes marvellous,’ she would reply, truly meaning it, but wanting even more to know about the necklace; wanting to be sure it was safely back under the log.
 But for once, Pearl was being quite annoying. Surely she must know how anxious she must be? All that talk about every single thing she had said, done, met, thought and seen that day - every detail about the Shanghasi; about some silly fruit machines; about the Princess’s visit, about Mr and Mrs Tommo; about every single, solitary thing! Everything except about putting her sister’s mind at ease. All she had to do was to take a minute to say a yes or a no. A quick whisper: not much to ask! 
 Oh, finally and at last!
 ‘Did you put it back?’ she asked in the quietest of whispers. 
‘No,’ Pearl whispered back. ‘People around. Don’t worry, I’ll have it back in the morning.’ She gave Tiger Lilly’s arm a quick squeeze as she pushed her to one side. ‘We’ve been asked to go back tomorrow so we’ll be leaving early again. Same as this morning. Be much better – be no one near the log that time of the morning, that’s for certain All right?’
‘Yes, all right,’ agreed Tiger Lilly. 
And things were all right with Tiger Lilly for the remainder of that wonderful evening; were more than all right as she lay in bed that night thinking of all that had happened to her that day; were still all right as she lay listening to the hurried whispers of Lilac and Pearl as they crept from the house next morning and were more than all right as she sat next morning at the table with her Dad and her Mum and baby Mattie and talked about her birthday. 
Then from the distance came a sound of shouting, a desperate shouting that grew louder and louder until the door was thrown hard against the wall and Lilac was suddenly there, screaming: ‘It’s Pearl! They’ve taken her away. Soldiers! They stopped us. They found a necklace in Pearl’s pocket.’ 
CHAPTER 11
 
At the very same time Tiger Lilly was helping her Mum unload Mrs Tommo’s basket of goodies, Prince Xavier was rushing through the door of the Summer Palace to greet Serena. “I see you’ve had a splendid day,’ he shouted as he lifted the Princess high above his shoulders, swinging her round. ‘I can always tell!’
 She wished he would stop treating her like a three-year old, going through this ridiculous swinging-round act every time he came near, especially with the servants around. She’d told him a zillion times. Made no difference. She loved her dad, course she did, but he was so stubborn, insisted on doing things his way no matter what. Listened to no one but himself.
‘And you, Miss Penny. Enjoy your day?’
‘Very much, Your Majesty,’ Miss Penny replied, smiling at the Prince. ‘The Shanghasi is truly wonderful, so much to see. They say the one in Paris is even better, but I find that hard to believe.’
The Prince nodded. ‘So how about joining the Princess and me for dinner? That way you can both tell me about your day.’
 Miss Penny smiled a thank you - would have much preferred an evening resting in her room, but a royal suggestion was nothing if not a command. True, she had enjoyed her day: the Shanghasi was indeed marvellous and something she would never forget, but something about Serena worried her still. Nothing she could place, put a finger on, but a definite something. When, for instance, had the Princess ever spent a day without a grumble or a whine? When a time when she had smiled at everyone as though truly enjoying their company? And just now! How quickly had Serena agreed to have her join them for dinner! Usually she made no bones about wanting that particular time alone with her father, sulked if it couldn’t b so. This time, though, she had even used the word ‘delighted.’ and that was definitely not a Princess word. No two ways, the Princess was up to something, something too sweet to swallow and, as Penny turned to leave, she caught a questioning eye from the Prince that signalled a need to know how Serena had been that day. Penny smiled a yes, a good day. And who to say otherwise? No saying at all.
‘Right then, see you both in twenty minutes,’ said the Prince. 
Serena was sure they could hear every beat of her heart and suddenly, quite suddenly, she was scared. Really scared, though why she did not know. This was supposed to be the big moment, the moment she had looked forward to, enjoyed rehearsing, but now it was here and she was scared. Oh, not the kind of scare you got riding high on a circus ride, but one that that left a heavy, lead-brick feeling deep inside. She took a breath, told herself it was far too late to be thinking such thoughts. Well, it was too late, wasn’t it? No, actually it wasn’t - couldn’t be easier. All she had to do was continue up to her room, change, join her father and Miss Penny for dinner and make out as if she still had the necklace. She could think of a way to get the necklace back from the log easy enough and that would be that.
But, no it wouldn’t do. No! She had waited long enough. Anyway, her father had always given in to her in the past, so why to think he wouldn’t do now? Of course he would. And so the Princess squared her shoulders, gritted her teeth, turned and walked towards the stairs: One step, two steps, three – and she was on the extra wide step. She stopped, took a breath, counted to twenty, raised her hand to the neck of her cloak, spun on her heels and screamed: ‘My necklace! My birthday necklace. It’s gone! Stolen at the Circus.’ 
Silence. She could not believe it. Both of them quiet. Both staring, not moving, just staring at her.
 Finally, and after what seemed an age, the Prince said: ‘Gone! What do you mean, gone? Are you saying you took the necklace out with you; that you have lost it?’ He said it so quietly she could hardly hear his words. ‘The Princess Yarna Necklace gone!’
She raised her eyes to his; made sure they had a touch of tears, nodded.
‘Are you telling me you actually wore it to the circus, took it with you despite all I said when I gave it to you yesterday morning? All my instructions! Did I not say it was never to be taken outside without permission and how much trust I was placing in your hands? Did I not tell of the trouble I had persuading the King and Queen that you were responsible enough?’ He said it in a still low voice.
‘Yes,’ she said, matching his quietness, lowering her head.
He turned to Miss Penny. ‘You knew about this?’
‘No! If I had, I would have done something. Certainly wouldn’t have allowed her to take it to the Circus.’
‘You were with her all day and never once noticed?’
‘Yes, hard to believe, but I didn’t. Had no idea.’
‘Yes, hard to believe,’ echoed the Prince. 
Serena wondered if this would be a good time for tears, but the Prince was now looking at her in a way she had never seen him look before, in a way that said to forget about tears, at least for now.
‘I simply cannot believe just how stupid I have been,’ he continued through tight -drawn lips. ‘You knew - had to know because I made sure you knew - that you were being given the necklace to wear on your ninth birthday because your Great Grandmamma had been given it on ninth her birthday almost a hundred years ago and because, like a fool, I had the silly idea that it would be an appropriate and beautiful thing for you to wear in her memory. To make it a kind of birthday tradition.’ She had never seen him so angry. 
 ‘You do know what I mean by appropriate, I suppose?’
‘Yes, the right thing to do.’
‘Well I was wrong! Your Great Grandmama was obviously a much more responsible nine-year old than you are: a great deal more. However, I think we had best leave all questions of responsibilities and rights and wrongs until later, until we have done all we can to get it back. What I want now is for you to concentrate on where you think the necklace might have been taken from you: anything at all that might help; anyone acting strangely; anything suspicious Think hard and think quickly - a search has to be made and there’s no time to lose.’
She was well prepared. She told of the stalls she had visited, the time she spent at the Big Top; the rides; who she had sat next to; stood close to; had talked to. He listened intently, but soon as she had finished he turned to leave. ‘Serena,’ he said: ‘I can’t begin to say how disappointed I am in you. The necklace is a valuable and cared-for family heirloom, and I trusted you with its care. My Grandma Yarna loved her necklace and I loved her.’
He turned: ‘Miss Penny, please arrange for a tray to be taken up to the Serena’s apartment - she’ll be staying there for now – and soon as that’s done, I would like you back here to help me organise a search. By sheer good luck, I happen to know there’s a small garrison of soldiers out on a field exercise not far from here and I’ll have them brought in to help immediately and I’d like to see a detachment of Suchno police on the streets of Yeltsin by morning. By first light if possible. Whoever has the necklace has to be caught and punished.’

Serena sat on the edge of her bed. All right, so it was proving more upsetting than she thought. She had expected him to bellow and shout and yell his loudest for the Police, the Army and everyone else he could think of; but he had been so matter-of-fact, so cold and distant; not once telling her not to worry, not once saying that everything would turn out fine in the end. Not one bit the way he usually was. Worse than anything was when he said how disappointed he was with her. That hurt, really hurt. Hurt even more when she reminded herself that it wasn’t her fault. Wasn’t his stubbornness a big part of the trouble? No, more than a part. After all who was it who refused to talk about the locket, turned his back every time?
Yes, and the necklace! Granted, so he did go on quite a bit about Great Grandmamma being given it on her birthday; about it being a hundred years old and about making it a tradition every year , but he hadn’t made it sound all that important . Now, suddenly, they were the most important and stupendous things ever known to man. He also said she had let him down, said how the necklace was a valuable heirloom and how much he had cared for Grandmamma. Well, she couldn’t remember him saying all that much about her before, hardly ever heard him mention her. In any case, she was heirloomed to death, traditioned out and tired of all things history! And then there was Miss Penny! Staring across at her at her like a cross-eyed owl with not a single, solitary word to help. 
Wait, hold on! What was she thinking? Just because her father wasn’t reacting the way she thought he would, she was allowing things to upset her. But why! The plan was on track, in two or three days the anonymous letter would be in the post, the necklace would be found and hopefully, fingers crossed, her father would realise how upset she had been and – hold your breath – maybe, just maybe she would have her mother’s locket. No, everything was fine and, as she reminded herself, she had nothing to lose. And so, having remembered she had nothing to lose and that she was not really to blame, Princess Serena lay back on her bed and was soon asleep. Was still asleep when a knock on the door brought a maid into the room. 
‘The Prince is at breakfast. Said for you to join him. Please, as soon as you can.’
Serena sat up. ‘How does he seem?’
‘Seem? Who,the Prince?’
‘Of course the Prince, Silly. Does he seem angry or grumpy or upset? Anything like that?’
‘No, he seems fine. Not what you’d call exactly jolly, but then he’s been up all night.’ 
‘All night!’
‘That’s what they are saying in the kitchen.’
‘I see,’ said Serena, dismissing her with a flick of hand. ‘No need to stay. I’ll see to myself this morning.’
She dressed as fast as she could, took a last look in the mirror: another rub at her eyes, a little more scrabbling of her hair and it would be as if she had been awake half the night, worried out of her mind. She rushed down the stairs and there he was, waiting patiently, his breakfast barely touched. 
‘Good news,’ he said immediately.’ He said it with a smile, but it was a thin, smudge of a smile: not cold, not warm. Lukish. But, as always, there was a reach of hand as she sat down beside him.
‘Yes, the best of news,’ he repeated. ‘Your necklace is back safe and sound and, thank heavens, no worse for wear.’
‘Oh,’ said Serena.
‘Yes, they caught the culprit first thing this morning. Red-handed. A young girl would you believe, picked up by soldiers soon after they set out on their search. Had it in her pocket, would you believe! And what a story she had to tell. Something about it being found by her little sister and wanting to put it back where it was found,’ added the Prince with a laugh. ‘Incredible!’
‘Oh,’ said Serena.’
‘Yes and no doubt she’ll have a different story to tell by the time she appears in court. Not that it matters, she is obviously guilty. The main thing – least for us it is - is to make sure this whole business is over and done with as little fuss as possible. Family Courts – and this is what this one will be – are usually held in Suchno, but I have already arranged for this one to be held here at Yeltsin. More than anything, I want this whole business kept away from all knowledge of the public and there will be a much better chance if it is held out here. They say there is no such thing as bad publicity, but believe me, it is not always so if you are a royal. Speaking of which, I’m quite sure the King and Queen will hear soon enough , but I’d much rather I‘d be the one to tell them, not have them reading it in the newspapers Anyway, we’ll worry about that when the time comes, when we can see sparks flying high over Suchno.’
‘Oh,’ said Serena.
The Prince pushed away from the table, placing a hand on her shoulder as he turned. ‘I’m sorry about last night, the things I said. I was really upset and you must admit to being foolish. Very, foolish indeed.
 ‘By the way, you are not eating your breakfast,’ he added as he walked to the door.
‘Oh,’ said Serena.
 
 CHAPTER 12

 Judge Gredo Grimstone stood by the window of the disrobing room watching as people filed through the door to take their seats in the main courtroom. He was his usual cool and calm self again. A bear with an itch this morning. Not only had he been forced to give up a day’s fishing with a newly arrived Super-Mitchel fly reel still in its wrapper, but he’d had to drag himself out of a warm bed at some incredible hour and all so he could arrive at this back-wood, scratch-bump of a town in order to try a case that could have well been taken care of in Suchno. In a proper court and by any number of twitter-brained, young lawyers hungry for work. Years since he had last been here at Yeltsin, couldn’t remember the particular case, but here he was.
And why? Because Prince Xavier had requested it. Requested it! Now there was a laugh if he’d felt like laughing. And why? Because he was widely known as a no-nonsense Judge with a reputation for speeding through his trials faster than any other judge in the country, and because of the indisputable fact that his cases were seldom reported in the Press. A nonsense of course to believe that editors and reporters were frightened of him, that he delighted in examining every page of their editions, checking each dot and comma, looking for trouble. Why, the very thought! Anyway, that as may be and whatever the whys and the wherefores, he now knew exactly why Prince Xavier had sent for him - and it was all very flattering. Worth the loss of a day on the river? Well, not first thing this morning it wasn’t, but now that he’d read the report, he knew exactly why the Prince had ‘requested’ his presence. No fool the Prince - knew that if anyone could prevent the case ‘getting out of hand’ that anyone was Judge Gredo Grimstone.
 Constable Linus Webber was the one waiting to hand him the report.
 ‘Well I’ll be!’ exclaimed the Judge.’ Didn’t expect to see you. How long you been working here?’ 
‘Over a month now’ replied Constable Webber. ‘A sort of semi-retirement after twenty years of wearing myself to a shadow in the Suchno courts and it’s great place to be. Miss the fishing though, but you can’t have everything. Least, so they say.’ They were both members of the Suchno angling club, 
‘I didn’t even know you’d been transferred’ said the Judge. ‘No one said. But, what about the Championship? You’ll be there, I hope? ’ 
‘Wouldn’t miss it for the world,’ replied Constable Webber. How about you? 
‘Absolutely,’ replied the Judge. ‘I hear it’s at Deep Lake this year. Should be good.’ 
The constable nodded, handed him the report. ‘It’s marked for Your Eyes Only,’ he said with a grin. ‘Slept with it under my pillow and I’m about to take you where you can read it in comfort.’ He took the Judge’s arm. ‘The rooms above the court house are reasonable enough, but reasonable or not you have no choice: you are staying with us. Kate insists on it, says I am not to take no for an answer. One thing, though.! She says not to think we are to spend the whole time with fishing talk. The Judge laughed. He liked Linus, liked his wife, adored her cooking and they were old friends, had fished together for years. 
Things were looking up 
The Judge read the report immediately he was alone; sighed and shook his head with every sentence. No need to question why it was marked ‘For Your Eyes Only’ or why he had been royally summoned and in such a hurry. The Prince was in a panic! 
 Well, how would it be for the people of Mandredela to learn that their beloved Princess Serena was so saturated in riches that nothing was thought of her carrying a piece of priceless jewellery about her person as though it was nothing but a common trinket? And what, it most certainly would be asked, was the Prince thinking about, allowing a nine year old to be given such an important piece in the first place! Irresponsible was one of the words that would arrow its way across the country within hours. Much more worrisome, and by far, was the very real possibility that other more dangerous words might be heard. 
About the last thing he needs, muttered the Judge as he read the report. God knows the state of his reputation as it was: playboy, gambler, a man with little thought for money or - and it was still being said - for his country or its people. Yes, no denying he’d been a spendthrift and a fool and yet, for reasons hard to explain, the Judge had a good feeling for the Prince. Couldn’t say why, but there it was. All right, granted, perhaps he could have handled the tragedy that was Janine a whole lot better, but he hadn’t. Simply hadn’t. Went haywire! But, that was in the past - a two-year ago past – and those who knew him were sure the Prince was trying all he knew to prove he had changed, that he truly cared for his country. But people! Quick to condemn, slow to forgive. And, of course, there was always the anti-royal mob. What a field day they would have, what propaganda! He could see them now, strutting the streets, waving their banners, marching to a beat that sounded for trouble. Thank heavens, though, not so many of them these days. Least not at the moment.
The Judge read the report while pacing back and forth in his room – a long time habit - but suddenly he stopped. Stopped dead. My God! Of course! In less than a year, Mandredela’s Lord Chief Justice would be retiring and how wonderful, how magnificently useful would it be to have the heir to the throne dropping good words about him in high quarters. He knew his name was on the list – a matter of form as a judge - but no telling where on the list. Somewhere in the middle, he supposed. But, hey, if he had the Prince fighting his corner! Well, what then! Yes, if he did a good job, pleased the Prince, it could turn out to be a very big ‘well what then’ indeed! 
He sighed, impatient with himself at not having thought of it earlier instead of wasting so much of his time being kettle-boiling mad. Still, no early morning man, Judge Gredo Grimstone; never had been, never would be. No matter now. He knew exactly why he was here and what the Prince was asking him to do
First challenge, the report made clear, was to prevent the Princess having to put in a personal appearance at the court. Not vital, but more than helpful if it could be managed. Infinitely more important was for him to do all in his power to keep hidden from public knowledge the alarming fact that the necklace in question was the famous Princess Yarna necklace and believed by many to be part of the Royal Collection and a National Treasure. Not so, said the report. The necklace had been given to the Prince by his Grandma as a personal gift and had been placed with the Royal Collection for exhibition purposes only. No doubt true, thought the judge, but truth has a way of being left behind in a race with rumours and sometimes better left where it was. Especially as the Madredlans were touchy about such things.
 He read the report again. It seemed straightforward enough: Her Royal Highness, Princess Serena, had spent the previous day visiting a local circus – ‘Ah, the Shanghasi! Interesting!’ – and was certain she had been wearing the necklace when she first arrived. However, when she arrived back at the Palace later in the day, the necklace was missing. A search was immediately put in place and early the next morning a Miss Pearl Santino, a local girl temporarily employed at the Shanghasi circus, was stopped, searched and was found to have the missing item in her possession. She immediately denied stealing the necklace but agreed she had been close to the Princess at the circus. Within touching distance, she admitted. However, she refused to say how the necklace had come into her possession other than to say she was attempting to return it when arrested. The girl is of excellent character, from a good family background and there are no reports of any previous convictions. 
 A good enough start, thought the judge. Anyone blank-brained enough to be found walking about with something in her pocket that did not belong to her should be an easy one to manipulate. He was good at that. She also claimed she was attempting to return the stolen item to its owner when arrested. The judge smiled.
All right then! Either she had stolen the necklace from the Princess or the Princess had accidently dropped the blessed thing and the wretched girl had done nothing more than pick it up. He’d go for the latter! Stealing by Finding would do nicely – not the kind of case to attract attention or make the day’s headlines. He read on. Good! The girl was not yet sixteen, which meant the case could be held under Mandredela’s new Preliminary Court rules. Excellent, he’d do that!
Preliminary Courts were a brand new idea, commonly referred to as Back-on-Track Courts and so called because that is exactly what they were supposed to do – to bring children who were having trouble walking the straight and narrow back safely on track. ‘These new courts will, I feel sure, bring many of our children back into the warm and welcoming arms of Mandredelan society without having to involve them in a tangle of unnecessary, bewildering and legal wrangling.’ Or so said the King when announcing their introduction. 
 ‘Ridiculous ! A crime’s a crime, no matter what the age,’ growled Judge Grimstone soon as he heard. ‘Discussion groups is what they’ll be! Ridiculous! It’s the Law gone mad!’ 
 But this time - and he could hardly believe he would ever be thinking this - it would suit him fine! Preliminary Courts had no defence lawyers or prosecutors and were better without – or so a panel of experts had decided. Informality was to be the essence with parents, teachers and close family friends playing a major part in help decide how best to help a child suffering ‘difficulties.’ Yes, informality was to be the watchword, the new way ahead. They did, however and with a deal of reluctance, finally agree that a judge or a barrister should be allowed to act as chairman. For the first year anyway.
‘Idiots!’ grumbles the Judge. 
 He looked through the window to see Constable Webber directing people to their seats. Quite a crowd, more than he expected, but thankfully and, as far as he could see, no inky-fingered reporters sniffing for trouble. Today he would limit proceedings to a reading of the charge, to a brief explanation of what they could expect and end it up by calling for a full hearing the following morning. Early as he could. Three, four hours should be enough for the morning session and trusting there were no smarty-pant-would-be lawyers wanting to impress their neighbours, he’d be home and dry casting for trout the following morning!
He looked again across the courtroom. They seemed ordinary enough - farm folk, field workers. Good! He’d start off by introducing himself and say that although he was a judge, and a senior judge at that, he was there merely as an adviser in helping them decide how best to help a young girl – one of their own - realise the error of her ways. Well, something like that and, without actually saying so, make sure that while he did not regard the girl as having committed a totally serious crime – not the crime of the century (ha ha) - it was necessary for her to realise she had done wrong and to admit it. This, he would emphasise, meant not only in words, but sincerely and deep in her heart.
‘Yes, that sounds good, I’ll use that,’ the Judge said to himself. Not his usual kind of opening remark, but he’d not be giving the Suchno crowd any opportunity to say he had not done his best to support the new Preliminary Court idea. That he wasn’t ready to move on with the times. 
And so, and with that, Judge Grimstone tightened his belt, straightened his jacket, found a smile and made his way out the door and into the courtroom. No doubts about what he had to do: get the whole thing over soon as possible; try to keep the Princess out of it, and do all he could to prevent the people of Mandredela learning about the necklace. What a fool the Prince had been! After then it would be back to Suchno, to his fishing and the very real prospects of becoming Lord Chief Justice of Mandredela. 
Oh yes and he must remember to set the bail high enough so that it would be far beyond the reach of her parents or any one else in court. Bad enough the number of forms these new courts demanded – an absolute avalanche - and, of course, there was always the possibility that the girl might abscond? Still, best not think about that! He’d be here for ever! So yes, he would set bail as high as he dared. 
‘Be upstanding for Judge Gredo Grimstone,’ called Constable Webber in his sternest of court voices. Everyone stood. 
The Judge took his seat. ‘Be seated,’ called Constable Webber as he moved to his place by the door. Everyone sat.
Everyone, except one. 
Oh Lors, don’t tell me. One of those in my court! 
‘You wish to say something?’ asked the Judge, holding his smile. That’s the way - polite, friendly and Informal. 
‘With your permission, sir.’ At least the man has manners.
‘Very well, but briefly please. I usually like time to be given time to introduce myself, but very well, say what you have to say.’ 
‘Thank you, sir. I will be brief. My name is Santino, Lou Santino, and the father of Pearl Santino, the girl on trial. What I want to say is that my younger daughters were, one time or another, with Pearl most of the time she was at the Circus and I think you should hear what they have to say. However, I have spoken to Constable Webber who tells me that children are not allowed in court unless they have special permission. Your permission, he says.'
‘When you say ‘one time or another,’ what do you mean exactly?’
‘Well, part of the time she was with one sister and later with the other.’
‘You have spoken to them, I imagine?
‘Yes, I have.’
‘You are of the opinion that what they have to say could be important?’
‘Yes, I do.’
‘Very well, bring them with you tomorrow morning. Constable Webber will arrange for them to be seated near to him by the door and I shall call on them if I think it necessary. Trusting of course that you will have words with them, make sure they know they have to be well behaved at all times. And quiet. Incidentally, and while you are on your feet, I think this is a good time for me to say that I see no reason why we need to have your daughter Pearl brought into court today. For one thing, I won’t be questioning her until tomorrow and secondly because I think it better for those wishing to speak on her behalf to be able to do so without feeling any sense of inhibition and, more importantly because time in court can be such a strain on a child. Even in a Preliminary Court like this.’ 
‘And now I think it time for me introduce myself, after which I would like all those wishing to speak on behalf of - he shuffled his papers – Pearl Santino to tell me something about themselves and why they feel they would like to give testimony on her behalf . Nothing much, no great details, no life stories. Ha ha.’
And so, having told about himself, he sat up straight and tried all he knew to concentrate as the three volunteers who had raised their hands said what hey wished to say about their young friend Pearl. Not easy. Mrs Gollitoe was the first to speak, saying how they had known Pearl since she was a baby and how kind and good she was and told at length the number of times she had proved it was so. She was nervous at first, but not for long! Soon, and as everyone could plainly see, she began to enoy having an audience and would happily have continued for the rest of the morning had the Judge not managed to talk her back onto her seat. A subdued looking Mr Gollitoe was next, but was back in his seat within minutes The judge smiled to himself: Mrs Gallito had taken all his stories and left him with nothing more to say. Thank heavens for that, said the Judge to himself, little knowing that Gung Ho was next in line.
The worst of fears, muttered the Judge under his breath when Gung Ho finally sat down. Half the day gone, and most of it a complete waste. Bad enough that Gollitoe woman rattling on with herself, but then we had to have Councillor Ho, or whatever his name is! Tthought he’d never stop. On and on and on! Imagine being in a Council meeting with that one in full flow. Drive you insane! Must admit, though, he had a lot of good things to say about the girl and her family. Anyway it’s over now and let’s hope the business of bail doesn’t take long – all this smiling at this one and then that: pretending to be everyone’s favourite uncle instead of a High Court Judge. Still in for a penny, as they say and a lot more than a penny if things work out.
‘And now ladies and gentlemen,’ continued the Judge, ‘having introduced ourselves and agreed on a time for tomorrow morning’s hearing, all that remains for me is to declare the amount of bail to be set if the Pearl is to be released from custody.’ He looked across to Constable Webber: ‘Constable, please have your assistant bring in the accused. I’ve had a change of mind and think it only right she should be present for this.’
Pearl came in smiling and Constable Webber led her to the seat he had set purposely close to the Judge.
‘Good morning, Pearl,’ said the Judge. ‘How are you? Being well looked after?’ he asked. 
‘Yes, fine, thank you,’ replied Pearl
‘Now my young friend,’ the Judge continued! I want you to know that you have lots of friends here, that I am a Senior Judge and that, at the end of the day, we all want what is best for you. We have also agreed that the sooner this thing is over the better, and that the full hearing should take place tomorrow morning.
 ‘In the meantime, a decision has to be about your bail, which means I have to 
decide whether or not I think it right and proper that you should be allowed out of the custody of this court and into the care of your family or some other person willing to gurantee your return here tomorrow. In other words, a guarantee that you will not to abscond, You understand the word abscond, Pearl?’
 ‘Yes. To run away.’
 ‘Good, I am glad you understand for I have to tell you there are children who do abscond, who do run away and particularly when they are in the care of this kind of court. Why this should be I do not know, but what I do know is that it causes a great deal of trouble not only to their families, but to the children themselves. You may very well be free after tomorrow’s hearing, and I sincerely hope it is the case, but I am sure you understand when I say I cannot make judgements on hope alone. I therefore declare the amount of the bond to be deposited with the Court is to be set at one thousand Durracks.’
Gung Ho was on his feet: ‘A thousand Durracks! Why that’s more than we….’
‘I ‘ll stand bail.’
 The voice came from the back row,
Oh Lors. don’t tell me!. 
‘Thank you Madam. Come forward please. In front of me, please. Thank you, and your name?’
‘Mrs Tommo. Mrs Beth Tommo.
‘And your occupation?’
‘I work at the Shanghasi Circus.’
‘In what capacity, may I ask?’
‘At present I’m helping my husband run a juice and cake counter.’
‘A juice and cake counter, you say?’
‘Yes.’
‘ Well, I must say it sounds most interesting and I am sure you enjoy your work, but I’m sorry, Madam, and with all respect, I’m afraid I cannot possibly regard you as a substantial enough person to be an acceptable depositor of bail. Mandredelan law requires that I be given a substantial and permanent address as a first requirement, and I’m afraid a circus, even the Shanghasi, does not qualify.’
‘I have a permanent address.’
‘And where is that, may I ask.’
‘Sir, I have several homes. You see, Mrs Tommo is my circus name, the one I use when we are on tour. My real name is Mrs Beth Shanghasi. My husband and I own the Shanghasi Circus.’
‘Oh Lors! Oh Lors,’ said the Judge to himself 
CHAPTER 13 

Princess Teresa and Miss Penny were sitting on a bench in the Palace garden. Sitting quietly, staring ahead. They loved their garden, enjoyed each flower and shrub and the daily ritual of strolling from bed to bed, looking for new blooms, new shoots; seeing what the gardeners had done that day and filling their baskets as they walked its paths. Usually, but not today. Hardly a word. Serena broke the silence: ‘Has your father said anything more about the necklace?’
‘Not to me he hasn’t, but then he’s not saying much to anyone about anything at the moment.’
‘Except to bite people’s heads off.’ 
‘Yes, I think we can safely say he is doing that; he’s pretty annoyed.’
‘And you are too, I think? Annoyed with me that is.
‘Yes, I am. Very.’
‘It’s not a good time to ask a favour then?’
‘No it certainly is not, but knowing you, Serena, you will anyway. So ask away’
‘It’s a big favour, bigger than I’ve ever asked before and I’ll love you for ever if you say yes.’
‘Oh dear, that big a favour is it?’
‘It’s just that I want to go to the trial.’
‘What!’ 
‘One of the girls from the kitchen says the girl who was found with the necklace is due to appear in court tomorrow. First thing, tomorrow morning.’ 
‘Oh no you don’t young lady! Don’t you dare even think about it. Absolutely and definitely not. My heavens, think of the fuss there’d be if you were to turn up at the court door, the commotion! People would be dashing about all over the place, crowding about you, making things impossible for the court officials and everyone else concerned - and why you would want to go there in the first place is completely beyond me. You would think that anyone born with a lick of sense would realise without being told that we are in enough trouble as it is without wanting to ferret out more? No Serena, forget it! Not another word you hear?’
‘Yes, I hear well enough, but it is just that I happened to notice that the girl in the kitchen who told me about the trial is more or less my size and I feel certain sure that if we went to the kitchen and happened to borrow two of those head-to-toe aprons they wear and two of their enormous head scarves, no one would ever notice us being there. Would never know who we were. Ever.
‘Serena, I said no and I mean no.’
 ‘Oh, all right, no need to shout. Anyway, I’m tired of sitting here and would like to go to my room. That’s if you don’t mind, Miss Pennington.’
‘Oh, so it’s back to Miss Pennington is it. Well no, I don’t mind at all. No, not one bit, Serena, especially as I can see that there’s another bout of the Silly Sulks coming our way. Thought they were something of the past, a silliness we had left behind.’ 
‘I’m not sulking. I just want to go to my room.’
‘Good. I’ll see you later.’
Later turned out to be twenty minutes later with a knock on Miss Penny’s door. Penny tried not to giggle as she went to answer it, but as soon as she opened the door, she began to laugh as she could never remember laughing before. It was a helpless, shoulder-shaking laugh that had her slumping in the nearest chair, a laugh that lasted until her sides were aching and each breath a struggle to find. Once, twice she came close to recovering, but each time she lifted her head and looked again at Serena she collapsed into another fit of laughter.
‘Oh, Serena, what am I ever to do with you,’ she finally managed. ‘How did you manage to get a hold of them.’
‘Easy! Sneaked them out of the kitchen cloakroom. Penny, you should see it down there! There’s rows and rows of the things: all shapes, sizes, mostly black with just a few blue ones for the head cooks. Least I suppose that’s who they were for as they were on separate hooks, but anyway I thought black would be best for the two of us. Not so noticeable, I decided. Make us look like a mother and daughter.’
‘Oh Serena, you are impossible’ Penny said as she finished wiping at her eyes. ‘Absolutely incorrigible.’ 
‘Is that the same as being annoyed?’
‘It means there are times when you drive me to despair It means you are exactly like your mother. I can’t begin tell you how many scrapes and wild schemes I let her talk me into and still wonder how I managed to survive them all and what’s more, Serena, I’m not going to let it happen again. All right, I loved her, and maybe I love you just as much, but I’m older now and there is no way I’m going to let myself be talked into doing something as silly as you are now wanting me to do. Not only that, Serena, but have you thought what would happen if it all went wrong? You’d have a new governess for a start – your father is already looking t me as it is.’
‘Dismiss you? Oh, he wouldn’t do that, Penny. Couldn’t. I’d be so sick he’d have to change his mind. I’d be ill in bed for days and days. Anyway, he likes you a lot really. Well he wouldn’t bother himself arguing with you all the time if he didn’t. would he?. Would have got rid of you ages ago.’
Penny reached for Serena’s hand, drew her down beside her: ‘Look at me, Serena. You r father has told you how important it is to have your name kept out of this whole affair - the Royal name- and yet here you are insisting on being seen at the justice court. Why, I have no idea, but I trust you must have a very good reason. 
‘I have and it means I simply have to be there. Have to be.’
‘Despite all your father has said to you? Despite the risk and the upset you could cause him?’
‘Yes.’
Serena was still wearing her kitchen hood and Penny reached to push it away from her face. She said: ‘I can see no point in asking you what it is, you would have told me by now, but I think you have done something silly – something very silly - and this is all part of it. Am I right?
‘Yes.’
‘And am I right in saying you are not just thinking of yourself in wanting to be there?’
‘Oh it’s a bit a about myself I suppose, but mostly it is about someone else and I can’t sleep for worrying, about what I have done.’
‘Very well I really can’t believe I’m being such a complete and utter fool again, but where have you put my apron?’
‘It’s in my room.’
‘All right, let’s go see what it looks like. I must admit that when I first opened the door to you, I thought it was a bundle of old rags lying out there in the corridor and all I can hope is that mine is a better fit than yours. By the way, have you thought they may not let children in - least not one looking like a ragamuffin?’
‘Don’t worry I’ll find a way to get in.’
‘Serena, of that I have no doubt. No doubt whatsoever.!’
CHAPTER 14

Mrs Tommo was sitting at the table in the Santino kitchen. She had handed Pearl’s bail money over to Constable Webber and was enjoying a coffee after delivering her back home. ‘At least you have her home for the night and I’m so glad she managed to get to sleep without much trouble.’
‘Yes, all four asleep within minutes,’ replied Lou. ‘Which,’ he added. ‘gives me a good chance to say how grateful we are, Sara and I . First though, I cannot begin to describe how surprised we all were when you stood up in court today and announced you were Beth Shanghasi and wanted to stand bail. No, hardly a surprise, more a complete shock and for everyone in court, even the Judge. 
‘Anyway, as I say, Sara and I are more grateful than we can possible say and maybe by this time tomorrow the case against Pearl will have been dismissed – which I’m sure it will be - and the bail money returned to you. However, if things do go wrong for whatever reason and her release is delayed, I would like you to know at Sara and I will be trying all we possibly can to raise the money and as soon . . . . ‘
Sara had pushed back from her chair. ‘Excuse me a moment,’ she said. ‘I think I’d best do another quick check upstairs. If Tiger Lilly suspects for one moment that we are possibly discussing something she should know about, she’ll be at the top of the stairs like a flash, no matter how tired she is. Not that the others are a whole lot better but Tiger Lilly is the champion eavesdropper of all time and by a country mile.’
Mrs Tommo laughed out loud. ‘Talking of champions,’ she said. ‘I’m afraid it is getting rather late and I have to confess my husband, Zach, is also a champion – a champion worrier that is. At least about me However there are certain things I’d like to discuss with you and I feel sure you are more than curious to know why I stood bail today and, even more, why I may seem to be pushing myself on you and - how shall I say – acting perhaps a little too friendly. However, as I say, it is getting rather late and I wonder, Lou, whether you would like to walk me home so we can talk on the way. That’s if you don’t mind, Mrs Santino, and please say if you do. It would be no trouble for me to come back later in the week if it would suit you better.’
‘Oh no, I don’t mind in the least,’ Sara replied. ‘I’ll be busy enough preparing for tomorrow and Lou will be able to tell me all you have to say when he returns. All I know is you have been more than kind to us and you are welcome here at any time. At any time at all and please, it’s not Mrs Santino, it’s Sara.’
Surprisingly, neither Lou nor Beth seemed eager to say much at first; seemed more than content with their own thoughts until Mrs Shanghasi stopped to point to the side of the road. ‘Over there! That bench! That is where I sat after I left you that first morning; sat for ages with my head in a spin, trying all I knew to calm myself down, desperate to make some kind of sense of what I had just seen. You remember that morning, you were working in the field and you saw me and you looked up and waved.’
‘Of course I remember.’
‘Yes, and you all came over to talk to me and that is when I saw her.’
‘You mean Pearl, don’t you?’
‘Yes, Lou. Yes I do.’
Lou took her by the arm and led her to the bench. ‘Mrs Tommo, he said, sitting beside her. ‘You know I am grateful for all you have done – are still doing - for my daughter, but I think there is something I don’t know about that goes beyond mere kindness and I would like to know what it is. To be absolutely honest, and I can’t tell you how difficult it is for me to say this, but there are times when I find the way you are with me and my family is a little, shall we say, overwhelming. Hard to understand, even embarrassing
‘Yes,’ said Beth ‘I’m sure it is,’
 And then she told him about Tessa. Told him about the terrible illness that had come so suddenly on a bright summer morning to take her from them. And she told of the sorrow that had overwhelmed them; had engulfed their lives.
 ‘A bad time,’ she said. ‘The worst of times.’ She said it quietly, hardly a whisper. ‘We were devastated beyond any words can say and, almost immediately, Zach began to deal with it in a way that only he could. He literally threw himself into our businesses, expanding the ones we had, established new companies almost by the day, took over others risking everything we had in a wild frenzy of buying that gave no thought to the risks he was taking: and all the time making more and more money. Day and night he worked, a man gone mad, while I stood by, hardly noticing, caring for nothing. I suppose we were what you might call reasonably wealthy even before it happened, but then and almost without noticing, we found we were rich. Very rich. It meant nothing. Then one day Zach came to me with a document to sign.’
‘It’s the circus,’ he said. ‘We have to do something about it. You’ll not be surprised to learn it is still managing to lose money - not enough to trouble - but the Raphines have decided it’s time to retire, to call it a day, and they say their sons have no interest whatsoever in taking it over. So I think you’d best sign this paper, Beth, have it over and done with. Say our goodbyes to the thing.’
‘In truth, I had almost forgotten about the circus. It was something we had somehow acquired as part of a company merger, a buy-out or something like that, and hardly worth the name of circus: more a collection of rag-tag stalls and a patched up excuse of a Big Top. But, Tessa absolutely loved it. Loved every shabby bit of it: loved the clowns – which included Mr and Mrs Raphine when they were not doing their juggling and balancing acts; the acrobats – their two boys - and everyone else who happened to be working for them. And they loved her in return. I suppose Zach and I became little more than bystanders, sort of lookers-on as Tessa and the circus crowd became like another family. She actually called them her circus family. 
 ‘But that, I thought, was in the past: Zach was still busy adding to his mountains of money and a run down circus was about the last thing I wanted as part of my life. But it was then – and I can still remember reaching for a pen – when Zach suddenly seemed to take a grip of the document, pulled it to his chest
Tessa loved it, didn’t she?’ he said. He said it with a smile – what you might call a wistful smile. ‘Pestered the life out of us non-stop with the blessed thing, always wanting us to pack up and re-visit it no matter where we were, no matter how busy or how inconvenient it was for everyone. Drove us mad.’
‘I remembered.’.
‘So what would you say? he asked in a sort of slow and deliberate way, ‘if I was to suggest we should think of turning the Raphine Circus into a really great circus. Perhaps the best circus the world has ever known. We could scour every continent, search for the best acts, have the biggest ever Big Top and fill it with acrobats to take your breath away, with clowns to adore, with world famous artists wanting to be part of our circus. Why not, Beth? Just think of it. And, not only that, we could make more money than we have ever made and we could use ever penny, nickel and every dime we made in profit to help children. Children in need everywhere. We could call it the Shanghasi Circus. The Children’s Circus.’
‘I can’t remember what I said, have never tried. All I knew – knew without a second thought – that it was what Tessa would have wanted and from that moment on, Zach had a work-crazy partner with no other ambition but to help him make it a success. Which, I suppose, made for two work-crazy people.’
Mrs Tommo stopped then and turned to Lou. ‘Sorry,’ she said. ‘Going on like this, boring you with my nonsense.’
Lou shook his head. ‘Not a bit. Mrs Tommo’.
‘Beth, please call me Beth Come to think, I suppose it has to be Beth Shanghasi with you and everyone else from now on. Yes, I’m afraid Mrs Tommo said
her final goodbyes in court today and everyone will know by now who I really am. Including, of course, the circus people, although I must say, it was great fun being one of them.’ She studied him, head on one side. ‘It must have been more than bewildering for you these last few days, having a strange woman pushing herself into your family, acting like a would-be, fairy godmother gone mad. And yet, how can I begin to describe the shock at seeing Pearl for the first time? How can I tell you just how much your daughter looks exactly like my darling Tessa; looked at that same age? So alike. And it’s not just her looks. It’s the way she holds her head; that crooked smile, her laugh. Everything. And how can I begin to put in words the way I felt as I sat on this bench, my heart beating, my mind in a whirl of silly wishes and all the time knowing, even as I made them, how ridiculous they were? Knowing, even more, how ludicrous the idea that being with Pearl would be like having my daughter back with me again. 
‘I don’t know how long I stayed here on this bench. Could have been minutes, an hour maybe, but anyway I eventually managed to talk some kind of sense into myself and went back to the circus. But then, I arrived at the circus the next morning and saw her standing there . . . Oh Lou, it seemed like a miracle! Destiny.’
‘Your husband, Mr Shanghasi. Did he not see the likeness?’
‘Of course he did! How could he not!. But he took it more sensibly than I did, which isn’t saying much, the state I was in. He said something about a spitting image and said, yes, it gave him a real turn.’ She gave a laugh: ‘Lou, you will never guess what I asked him to do! Suggested he come to see you, see if he could talk you into allowing Pearl to come to work for us on a regular basis.’ 
‘You mean leave home?’ 
‘Yes.’
‘What did he say?’
‘Not much. Said he didn’t think she would want to leave her family, that you probably needed her on the farm.’
Lou put a hand on hers. ‘Yes, and he was absolutely right, Mrs Shanghasi. There is no way I would I have agreed to her leaving home, would have given it not a second thought.’ He shook his head. ‘I was about to say not in a thousand years, but then again, I’ll not be the one always deciding her future – God knows she seems more a young woman every time I look at her. Perhaps, though, if you lived here, saw her more often, well who is to say what time would bring, but then again, and as I understand it, your circus will be leaving here at the end of the week and there’s no telling when you will return. If ever.’
’Actually, Lou, that’s not entirely true. The circus will be leaving at week-end, true enough, but Zach and I will be staying on for a while. The thing is, we are in the middle of a series of business discussions with Prince Xavier and, if our talks work out the way we hope, Zach and I will be spending a great deal of time here in Mandredela. One of the reasons we came here in the first place. Two reasons actually. We came here firstly because of wanting to get together with the Prince, but also because we were looking to take one of our smaller circuses to some out of the way place. It’s a something we like to do every two or three years: try out new ideas, new acts, that sort of thing So you see, Lou, I’ve reasons for hope.’
Lou grinned: ‘I don’t suppose you know this is a magic bench?’
‘Magic?’ 
‘Well absolutely. At least according to Tiger Lilly and Lilac it is. Mind you, Tiger Lilly seems to be losing patience with it lately, gave it a sly kick last time we were here. Not Lilac though. Lilac says it is only when you have wished your very hardest and with all your heart that your wish will come true. Only when you have wished harder than you have ever wished before and for something that you want more than anything else in the world.’ 
 CHAPTER 15

‘Constable Webber, please bring Miss Pearl Santino into court.’ The Judge looked across the room. It was much more crowded than he thought it would be, but thankfully he could see no newspaper reporters; least none he knew. He could see Mrs Shanghasi sitting towards the back of the court and surely that was her husband sitting next to her. Yes, there he was, the famous Zacharias Shanghasi himself: his picture was seldom out of the newspapers now that his circus was visiting Mandredela. And of course, how slow he was not to realise the reason his court was so crowded was simply because Mrs Shanghasi’s circus friends were curious to learn why she had stood bail for a young girl they had never heard of or seen before and particularly in such an out of the way place such as this. He should have recognised them as circus folk the minute they walked through the door. 
 The man sitting on the other side of Mrs Shanghasi for instance. Even sitting down, he was head and shoulders above everyone else and no doubt their latest ‘tallest man in the world.’ And those young men and women sitting behind him: obviously acrobats or members of some daring high-wire act: born and bred to be circus entertainers, knowing no other way of life. And the ones near the door. Clowns for certain. How to tell? No sure way. Nothing but a strange, indefinable something that said loud and clear that they were circus folk: so like other men, yet so different. And over there, in the farthest corner of his court, those two strange creatures – women or girls he couldn’t say – covered from head to foot in the darkest of smock-like dresses, their heads covered by hoods, hardly lifting their heads. Probably part of some weird and mystical sideshow act.
 ‘Yes, thank you Constable, that chair will do quite nicely. Save Pearl and I having to shout across to each other.’ He smiled at Pearl and let his smile continue until he was certain it had encompassed everyone in court. He was in a good mood. He had dined well the night before, had slept in a comfortable bed, had breakfasted handsomely and no longer felt a need to leave Yeltsin in such a hurry. Something, no doubt, to do with Constable Webber’s offer to introduce him to ‘the best fly fishing in the district’ should he by chance be delayed in Yeltsin.
‘Now, my dear,’ he said, turning again to Pearl. ‘I want you to understand that I will be asking you many questions this morning and I expect you to answer each one as truthfully and sincerely as you can. Also, I want you to understand that I have been a judge for many years and I can’t begin to tell you the number of times I have had to listen to people telling me what they supposed were small untruths without them realising how speedily they were entangling themselves into a whole mess of trouble. Making things ever more difficult for themselves. You won’t do that will you Pearl?’
‘No, sir,’ Pearl.replied. She gave a glance around the room. She could see her Mum and Dad sitting close by and Lilac and Tiger Lilly perched on stools by the door. She gave each one a smile in turn while wondering who was looking after Mattie. Mrs Gollitoe she thought.
Gredo had noticed. ‘Also,’ he added, ‘I must ask you not to be looking to your sisters whenever I ask you a question. They are in court with my special permission and I will have no hesitation in asking Constable Webber to remove them if I think they are trying to influence you. You understand what I mean – making signals, nodding, that sort of thing?’ 
‘Yes, sir.’ replied Pearl.
‘Yes sir,’ echoed Tiger Lilly, in a clear voice from the back of the court. ‘No signals.’
Judge Grimstone managed a serious face. ‘Have a word, Constable. Tell whichever one it was to please keep quiet.’
‘Now Pearl, I would like to go over the circumstances that brought you here today and if there is anything I say that you disagree with, I want you to speak up immediately. And do not forget what I have just said about telling the truth. Not for a moment. 
‘Very well then, these are the facts as I know them. On the tenth day of this month, which was two days ago, Her Royal Highness, the Princess Serena, attended the opening of what is famously known as the Shanghasi Circus here in Yeltsin Town. It was the Princess’s birthday and she was wearing a necklace that been given to her by her father as a birthday present. The Princess clearly remembers having the necklace when she arrived at the circus, but later, when she returned home, she found it was missing. Now there are only two possible conclusions as far as I can see. Either the necklace had somehow become loose and had been accidently dropped by the Princess while she was walking about at the circus, or it had been stolen.’
‘Please, that’s not correct.’ said Pearl, quick to interrupt.
 The Judge frowned. ‘Pearl, I know I said you were to speak out if there was something you disagreed with, but I am simply stating the known facts and am quite sure that, so far, I have said nothing that can possibly be disagreed with. What’s more, we really must be getting on with things. You understand what I’m saying?’
‘Yes, but what you said is not so. The necklace wasn’t accidently dropped and it wasn’t stolen.’
Judge Grimstone leaned back in his chair: he was an old hand at expecting the unexpected. ‘The missing necklace was found in your possession,’ he replied in a voice suddenly sharp and precise . ‘If you didn’t find it and you didn’t steal it, perhaps you will explain how it came to be on your person when you were searched by the soldiers?’
‘I was returning it.’
‘Returning it you say! To where were you returning it ?’
‘To where it had been hidden.’
The judge raised his hand to silence a murmur that sounded throughout the room. ‘Let me remind you,’ he said, turning to his audience. ‘I expect complete silence in my court and that means at all times and no matter what is being said by the witness or by anyone else.’ He turned again to Pearl.
‘Pearl, what you have just said sounds dangerously like one of those small untruths I warned you to avoid less than a minute ago, but, all right, tell me who gave you the necklace to hide and, if you please, a better description of where it had been hidden.’
Pearl had no time to answer. ‘It was me!’ Tiger Lilly called as she pushed away from her stool and began to stride towards the front of the court. ‘I gave it to Pearl because I didn’t want to have it any more and because I didn’t know what to do with it otherwise, and because I didn’t know if I would get a chance to take it back myself because I don’t go that way very often, in fact not often at all, and because Pearl is good at solving things that are a puzzle.’
 Constable Webber looked quickly towards the Judge, but a look told him to allow Tiger Lilly to continue on her way towards him.
 ‘Also,’ she said as she stopped beside her sister’s chair. ‘I gave it to her because soon after I put the necklace in my pocket, I was sorry I did and didn’t want to have it any more and I kept on thinking to myself that I should have left it under the bench which is really a log and if I ever see any more necklaces under logs that look like benches, I will pretend I haven’t seen them in the first place and will look the other way.’ 
It was a rare occasion for Senior Judge Gredo Grimstone to be lost for words. Not that finding them would have helped: Tiger Lilly was in full flow.
‘You see my Mum and my Dad thought I was still asleep when I left home and went on my own to the circus. They had gone to see if they could get themselves jobs helping at the Circus you see - my two sisters that is, not my Mum and Dad - but they hadn’t said a single word to me because they wanted to surprise me with a special birthday tea. It was my birthday. Nine I was. Mind, I wasn’t to know that at the time now was I? About them wanting to give me a surprise tea, I mean, not that it was my birthday. I knew it was my birthday, course I did. Every one knows when it’s their birthday. Anyway, after I walked miles and miles down the road, I thought I would like a sit down on the log that sits at the side of the road and looks just like a bench – actually it’s a puzzle to know whether I should call it a log or a bench because it’s a log that everyone likes to sit on and a lot of people also say it’s a magic bench while others think it isn’t magic at all. My sister Lilac who knows a whole lot about magic, says people who say it isn’t magic will never know if it is or if it isn’t because . . . . ’
‘I’m sorry to have to interrupt you,’ said the Judge, this time making no attempt to hide a huge grin. ‘But I think it might be better if you could try answering my questions with as few words as possible. Do you think you could do that?’
‘Yes, with as few words as possible,’ Tiger Lilly repeated, looking round at the court and wondering why everyone was suddenly smiling. 
‘Thank you,’ said the Judge. ‘First, I’d like you to tell me your name. 
‘Tiger Lilly.’
 ‘Tiger Lilly! Well, that is an unusual name, not one I have heard before. Do you mind telling me why they call you that?
‘It’s a secret.’ Tiger Lilly replied. 
 ‘A secret! Well perhaps you could whisper it to me. I’ll tell no one 

else, I promise. Not a soul.’

‘No,’ said Tiger Lilly.’
‘Well you answered that in a few words, I must say.’ said the Judge. ‘Very well then, perhaps you will tell me about the necklace instead. You say you gave it to Pearl, but I have to tell you, Miss Tiger Lilly, that I would like you to be sure you are telling me the absolute truth and not some made-up story that you think will help your sister. So tell me, could the truth perhaps be that you actually found the necklace while you were at the Circus, and that you maybe gave it to your sister to hide until you had time to decide what to do with it. Or is it perhaps that you stole the necklace from the Princess, then became scared and didn’t know what to do with it?’
‘Stole it! No, course I didn’t steal it. Why, that’s a terrible thing to say. No, what happened was this: I was reaching under the log for my shoe which had slipped off when I was rushing to hide under the bush when I first heard the horses coming and I felt something under it that I knew wasn’t my shoe because it wasn’t even the shape of a shoe and when I pulled it out it wasn’t my shoe at all, it was the necklace which I put in my pocket and gave to Pearl to return to the log. I found my shoe soon afterwards.’ 
‘Oh dear! said Judge Grimstone, still with a trace of a grin. ‘Perhaps you had better start at the beginning.’
‘Yes, all right, if you really want me to, but I don’t think I can say all that happened in just a few words – there’s such a lot to say, you see.’
The Judge nodded: ‘Very well, as many words as you like. But only the truth, you hear, no stories.’
And so Tiger Lilly told all that happened on the way to the Circus. She told how she had heard the sound of galloping horses while she was resting on the bench and how she had hidden behind a bush and how a beautiful coach and horses had arrived and how it had come to a stop in front of the bench. She said she couldn’t see who it was who stepped out of the coach, not at first, only that it was a girl about her own age with the darkest of dark hair and that she knew for certain sure that she did not like her one bit and would never want to be her friend. Never ever. 
‘Oh and why is that?’ asked the Judge. He was sitting absolutely still, his eyes fixed on Tiger Lilly.
‘Because she had soldiers with her and a lady who was not really old and not really young and the girl was as nasty as nasty could be with the lady and the soldiers and kept on screaming and shouting at them like she hated them being near. Awful she was and I can truly say I never thought any girl could be so horrid. Boys maybe, not girls. Anyway, she began to shout that she wanted to be left alone and she told them leave her alone and wait further up the road while she sat on the log which is also a bench. And guess what happened next!’
‘Tell me,’ said the Judge,
‘She disappeared. Just went. Course I stretched as high as I could, but no matter how much I stretched, I still couldn’t see where she had gone and couldn’t begin to think what she could be doing except perhaps that she had maybe spotted my shoe. But then . . . oh yes, I forgot to say she was wearing a beautiful long cloak and wouldn’t have wanted my shoe even if she had found it, which she didn’t. In any case we all know that one shoe is not a bit of good without the other and, not only that, but no one wearing such a beautiful cloak would ever want my shoe even if there were two of them. Anyways, while I was trying to think of some other reason why anyone with such a cloak would want to be scrambling around an old log, she came back up again. Just like that! Every bit as fast as when she went down, but this time she was facing straight at me and I knew right off who she was. Not that I didn’t have an idea who she was from the very start. Well, if you could have seen that coach and those beautiful horses you might have guessed too. Not only that, but I had seen lots of pictures of her. Matter of fact, Lilac has one of her with her daddy in a garden which had lots of flowers and a fountain. My Mum sometimes grows flowers near our front door, but not so many and we don’t have a fountain.’
‘No, I don’t suppose you do.’
‘Don’t you want to know who she was?’
‘Yes I do, but in a moment. First though, and if you don’t mind, I would like a word with your parents. He swung round. ‘Mr and Mrs Santino would you stand please. Thank you. Now I’m sorry to have to ask you this, but I would like to make sure you are aware that under Mandredelan law no child under the age of ten can be brought before our courts on what we call a misdemeanour charge and that no attempt has been made in any way by you or any other member of your family to influence your daughter Tiger Lilly as to the evidence she might give here today. I say that because it is easy to see how tempting it would be for a youngster wanting to help an older sister or brother be easily persuaded into give false evidence. You assure me that nothing of such a nature has taken place ’
Lou Santino gave a vigorous shake of head. ‘No! I give my word. Nothing like that has been said to my daughter. Nothing.
‘Mrs Santino, do you also confirm?’
‘Yes I do. Absolutely I do.’
‘They said nothing to me. We are not that kind of family,’ exclaimed Pearl standing from her chair and in a voice that told she was close to tears. 
 ‘Good, but I had to ask for it wouldn’t be the first time, I can assure you’ the Judge replied. He turned back to Tiger Lilly. ‘So, young lady, tell me what happened next?’ 
‘I don’t think I want to say anything more if you are going to be upsetting Pearl.’
The Judge laughed out loud. All right, I’m sorry,’ he answered. ‘I’ll try all I can not to let it happen again. I promise.’
‘Right then. Well, not an awful lot happened after that, tell the truth. Of course she was soon up and being her same nasty self again, shouting loud as to deafen that she wanted to leave. And that’s what they did. Leave, that is.’
 ‘And then?’
‘Well, after I had waited a while and was certain sure she had gone, I bent down and reached under the log for my shoe. I found it in the end – well I had to or I wouldn’t have been able to carry on walking to the circus, would I? - but first I felt something under the log that didn’t feel like my shoe, or any other kind of shoe come to that, and when I pulled it out – well, there it was. The necklace!
‘Oh, and if only you could have seen it! No other word but beautiful! Honest, I tell you no lie, more beautiful and more sparkly than anything you could hope to see in all your life and that is the real true reason I put it straightways into my pocket and didn’t think twice about putting it in my pocket because all I thought was that it st didn’t seem right and proper to push such a beautiful thing back under the log as though it was nothing but a piece of old rubbish. Not that the log was the worst place ever at least it would be kept dry, but I suppose all logs are a bit grubby and I had to spit on my shoe and give it a good rub on the grass before I could put it on again. If you see what I mean.
‘Anyway, I showed the necklace to Pearl just as soon as I found her at the circus which didn’t take all that long because she was wearing a bright yellow apron which I would have been blind not to see and as soon as she had had a good look at it she said straight off that we shouldn’t be having such a thing, not even for a minute and the best thing we could do was to put it back where I got it from. I could see right away she was frightened which made me frightened too because I had never seen her that way before and she said not to tell anyone and she took the necklace and put it in her pocket and said she would put it back under the log soon as she could and not to worry because once she had put it back under the log, no one would ever know we had ever had it. But the soldiers wouldn’t let her and they took her away.’
Judge Grimstone leaned back in his chair, letting his eyes rest first on Tiger Lilly and then on Pearl. Finally, he said: ‘Tiger Lilly, strange as it might seem, I happen to believe everything you have said to me. Mind you, that’s not to say I am still not puzzled as to why anyone would want to push a beautiful necklace under an old log, walk away and leave it there. Doesn’t make sense.’ 
‘No, but true as true, that is exactly what she did. Stranger than strange, I know, but that’s what happened.’ She leaned forward. ‘Actually,’ she continued, ‘I’ve thought of something that will make you believe I’ve been telling the truth all along. It’s the handkerchief.’ 
 ‘The handkerchief?

 ‘Yes, silly me, I’d forgotten all about it until a minute ago when I thought Pearl was going to cry and I was wondering if she had brought a handkerchief with her to wipe her eyes. Then I remembered how the necklace was wrapped in a beautiful handkerchief when I pulled it out from under the log. It was so soft, soft as a rabbit ear and it’s what they call silk and it had a big letter ‘S’ in one corner. Embroidered.’
‘Indeed. And where is it now, this handkerchief?’
‘Well it was in my coat pocket last time I saw it. No, that’s also silly, isn’t it? I couldn’t see it if it was in my pocket, could I. Anyway you know what I mean.’
‘And where is your coat?’
‘It’s on the stool near the door where I was sitting. Next to where Lilac and the Constable are sitting. Least last I remember. Shall I go see if it’s still there?’
‘Yes, I think you should.’
But before Tiger Lilly could move, there came the sound of whisperings, of a voice pleading and the sound of a chair being scraped noisily aside. The judge looked up to see one of the women he had thought part of a circus act pushing her way through the rows of chairs to stand in the middle of the room, pulling at her hood so that could see her face. ‘There’s no need,’ she said. Said it clearly for all to hear. ‘It’s my handkerchief. It belongs to me. It’s the handkerchief I used to wrap the necklace in before I hid it under the bench.’
CHAPTER 16

It was Saturday, three days since the trial had ended with all charges against Pearl having been dismissed and the day Lou Santino decided it would be a good day for the family to celebrate with a return trip to the circus. ‘With no stopping at the magic bench,’ he added with a laugh and a sideways look at Tiger Lilly.
‘Saturday is perfect, the last day the circus is here in Yeltsin and I insist you come as my guest,’ echoed Beth Shanghasi, who had wasted no time in calling on Lou and Sara as soon as she heard. ‘I was brought up on a farm and know how difficult it can be to take time away from all that always seems to need doing; especially after having spent much time on a trial that should never have been. Ridiculous, the whole thing!’ She patted Lou on the back. ‘Anyway you have decided to come and the first thing I have to do is let Pearl and Lilac know they won’t have to worry about losing a day’s pay – I’ll see there’s a bonus waiting for them.’
‘By the way,’ she added, turning to leave, ‘Zach, has a meeting with Prince Xavier on Saturday, but intends meeting up with us soon as he can, says there’s something he would like to discuss with you.’ She placed a hand on Lou’s arm. ‘No, Lou, it’s not about Pearl,’ she added with a laugh. ‘None of my silliness, I promise.’ 
And so, Saturday came. And so came a day the Santinos would never forget. `Beth was standing at the gate when they arrived and took no time rushing them to where and Pearl and Lilac were waiting in specially reserved seats at the ring side Excitement was everywhere with children cheering and squirming in their seats with hardly a single one able to stay still for a moment and Beth had to raise her voice to be heard.
 ‘See you when it’s over,’ she shouted. She made to say more, but a sudden loud bang shot everyone shot back in surprise and, before they could begin think what it was, there came a second bang and a flash of light that sent a huge cloud of red blue and green soaring ever upwards until it reached the highest point of the Big Top. Every eye followed the cloud until - but, no, it was not possible! – eight, nine, maybe ten trapeze artists had suddenly appeared from the very depths of the cloud and were now catapulting in all directions; somersaulting and criss-crossing and careering across the top of the tent ; missing each other by barely a hair 
 Beth gave a hurried wave, shouted ‘see-you-later’ and hurried to the exit. 
‘Welcome to the world famous Shanghasi Circus!’ called the Ringmaster, cracking at his whip as he strode with giant-size strides into the ring. Pearl and Lilac remembered him as the taller than tall man who had greeted them when they first arrived at the circus, but now he was resplendent in a fiery-red, cut-away jacket and wearing the highest of top hats. Somehow he seemed even taller, his handle-bar moustache longer and his voice even louder. ‘Welcome to a show the likes of which you have never seen before and will doubtless never see again,’ he called in his booming, circus voice. He gave another sharp crack of his whip and a tumble of acrobats rushed past him to spread fanlike across the ring. Then just as suddenly, they stopped to point to one side of the Big Top and every head turned to see a huge pipe organ rising majestically before them. The Big Top performance had begun. 
Never had they seen such a marvel. Two hours it lasted with jugglers and dancers and fire-eaters; with knife throwers that missed by a whisper; with tight-rope walkers who laughed as they diced with danger and a girl who dived from a tiny perch high in the riggings of the Big Top to plunge headlong into a barrel of water fifty feet below. Hardly a splash.
‘Its a magician next,’ whispered Lilac. ‘He’s called Wong Tu and he comes from China and Mrs Shanghasi said we won’t believe the things he does.’ And they couldn’t. Well how to believe a whole flock of doves could fly from under his cloak, circle twice around the Big Top and then fly back under it again. And explain, if you can, how he managed to make his tiny assistant – ‘it’s his daughter,’ came another whisper from Lilac - disappear from inside an ordinary, everyday cardboard box set high on an ordinary everyday, four-legged table and appear a few seconds later in a seat in the audience. Sitting quietly, if you please, with not so much as a hair out of place!But, best of all was Beeko the clown. So funny there were times you prayed for him to stop, give you time to find breath. And that business with the birthday cake – well, that was the limit!
‘All those under fifteen celebrating their birthday this week, please come down into the ring,’ the Ringmaster called. ‘And don’t be shy!’
‘That’s you,’ whispered Pearl.’
‘Yes that’s you!’ echoed Lilac. 
Tiger Lilly jumped from her seat as though shot from a spring and stepped over the tiny wall that surrounded the ring. She had said not a word since the performance began - had simply stared and swallowed and stared again and wondered how old you had to be to join a circus. Two other children were celebrating their birthdays, a boy and a girl. ‘I’m seven,’ said the boy’ ‘And you?’ asked the Ringmaster. ‘Five’ said the little girl. ‘And you?’ ‘Nine,’ said Tiger Lilly proudly. ’And you, little man, how old are you?’ Tiger Lilly turned: She hadn’t realised Mattie had followed her, was now standing alongside her, smiling his widest and reaching to hold her hand. 
‘Oh so sorry, I didn’t see him, didn’t know he was following me,’ explained Tiger Lilly, surprised. ‘He’s only two and he’ll not be three for weeks and weeks and he’s usually shy and doesn’t talk very much. Not to anyone.’
‘Weeks and weeks you say!’ replied the Ringmaster. ‘Well, I don’t know about you, but I rather think that weeks and weeks would seem an awful long time to wait for a birthday when you are a two. Yes, indeed, an awfully long time, especially when you have had only two birthdays to celebrate in the whole of your life. So, children, how about if we let him have an extra birthday today and call it a Pretend Birthday.’ Everyone cheered. ‘All right, everyone agrees, so now we have three birthdays and one pretend birthday to celebrate which, I think, makes it a jolly good time to bring in the birthday cake. So you four birthday children sit on the wall while I have the cake brought in.’
 Beeko,’ he called swinging on his heels. ‘Time for the cake.’ He waited a while, shouted again. ‘Beeko, it’s time for the cake.’ Another wait. Still no Beeko. He shook his head. ‘Really, that Beeko! Never around when he’s wanted.’ He waited another minute. ‘Tell you what,’ he said. ‘My guess is that Beeko is probably fast asleep in one of his hidey holes, so how about if all you children shout out as loud as you can and maybe he will wake up and remember it is time for him to bring in the birthday cake.’ 
So everyone shouted as loud as loud. No Beeko! Oh, dear me, that’s nowhere near loud enough,’ cried the Ringmaster, shaking his head. ‘My gosh, no! Nowhere near loud enough. No, boys and girls, I’m afraid you will have to shout a lot louder than that if you want to wake Beeko! So they shouted again. This time the loudest ever. Still no Beeko! 
 ‘It’s no use, you adults will have to help’ cried the Ringmaster waiving his arms in despair and so the adults shouted in their loudest of adult loud shouts and in came Beeko, but slowly, deliberately, placing each foot carefully in front of the other. He was as round as a plum pudding with a tomato for a nose and a watermelon smile that stretched from ear to ear and not only was he was carrying the most enormous birthday cake you ever did see, but it was piled so high with cream that poor Beeko could hardly see where he was going. Beeko,’ roared the Ringmaster, charging towards him, throwing his arms in the air and shouting in his Ringmaster voice. ‘How many times do I have to tell you that our birthday cakes are far too big for you to carry on your own? Always ask for help! 
But poor Beeko had no idea the Ringmaster was so near –well how could he with the cake in front of his face? – and as he jumped back at the sound of the Ringmaster’s voice, he caught one foot in the other, tripped over backwards, lost his balance, tripped again and sped at the most alarming speed cross the ring only to stop at the side of the ring with the cake hovering over the heads of the people in the two front rows. How he managed to hold on to the cake, no one would ever know – especially those scrambling fast as they could to move away from the swaying cake.
It was so funny! Six, seven, maybe eight times he sped across the ring as he tried to regain his balance only to find himself, once again, with the cake waving like a leaf over yet another front row. Finally though and at long last he managed to find his feet and he stood, breathing hard, proud with himself in the centre of the ring and smiling his biggest clown smile. And he had every right to be proud – not a spick, not a spot or a squelsh of cream had fallen from the birthday cake and he waited until everyone was standing and cheering and clapping and shouting how clever he was. And so they should. But a moment, what was this? The smile was slowly fading, was disappearing, was suddenly gone.
 Poor Beeko. He wriggled his toes. Wriggled them again. Definitely something wrong! He took a deep breath, looked down.at his feet. That what it! He had lost a shoe and there was not a sign of it anywhere. So now Beeko was really upset and wearing his saddest of all sad faces and soon the tears began to fall. Not ordinary tears but real Clown tears that squirted jets of water in all directions, but mainly on the Ringmaster no matter where he stood. But, where on earth was his shoe? 
‘There, behind you!’ Every child in the Big Top was standing and pointing. ‘There, behind you!’
Beeko turned, lifted the cake high above his head so he could see where they were pointing and there it was. Beeko had his shoe. A slight problem, though! His shoe was, as you would naturally expect, no ordinary shoe. Of course it wasn’t! It was a Clown shoe and, as every one who knows anything about anything would know that clown shoes are at least four times as long as any ordinary shoe and each time Beeko tried to push his foot into his shoe, it shot up from the ground like a one- sided see-saw and gave him such a slap and a wallop that he came near as could be to being knocked off his feet again. Still holding the cake. 
Well, no counting how many times he tried, Beeko could not find a way to push the shoe back on his foot. Simply could not. And so, Beeko began to do what all clowns do when they cannot think what else to do - he began to cry again. Oh. not the squirty tears of a moment ago, not the tears that came near to soaking the Ringmaster and made everyone laugh, but tears that sounded really and truly sad. All right, so there are people who would be quick to say that Beeko could have solved his problem simply by asking the Ringmaster to hold the cake while he attended to his shoe, but then is that the way of a clown? No, it is not! Not his way at all! Not the way of any real, self-respecting clown.
Then IT happened. IT being a happening that would be talked about for many a day - by the circus folk of the Shanghasi, by the people of Yeltsin and by all those who love to hear true stories of circus life. 
Beeko was still standing in the middle of the circus ring and crying more and bigger tears by the minute – the Ringmaster had kindly placed a bucket at his feet and you could actually hear the tears dropping one by one - the sound seemed to be coming from the organ, but of course it wasn’t - and there he stayed trying his best to think of a way to get his shoe back on his foot. Then, to everyone’s surprise, little Mattie Santino let go of his sister’s hand, walked calmly to the middle of the ring, picked up the shoe, carried it over to Beeko and placed it carefully on his foot. Then, without so much as a pause, he turned, walked back to his sister and took her hand again. 
There were still many acts to follow, all of them every bit as good if not a smidge better than those they had already enjoyed: Beeko opened the second part of the show by introducing his own large family of clowns; Bruno Alvino, said to be the greatest escapologist ever, gave a surprise appearance – he was bound with ropes, shackled with inch-thick chains, placed in a sack high above the ground and yet he escaped in less than a minute; a dance group from Spain danced their Flamanco dances with a gusto that had everyone clapping and stamping their feet and the same wonderful team of trapeze artists that had opened the show, gave a second performance that was even more daring and thrilling than before. 
And yet at the end of the show, when the Ringmaster insisted that Mattie should stand with all the other performers for their final bow, it can truly be said that the applause for Mattie was as loud as any. Even, perhaps, as loud as the applause for Beeko. Of course, Tiger Lilly had to stand with him and hold his hand.
‘I’ve heard all about Mattie and Beeko’s shoe,’ said Beth as she met them at the exit. ‘I only wish I could have been there to see him. Mind you,’ she added, ‘I have to admit it’s not at all unusual for children to decide they want to be part of the show, especially the tiny ones, and we are always more than happy when they do. Makes the show that much more fun.’
‘By the way,’ she added. ‘Zach is back from seeing the Prince, but says he has something he would like to discuss with you and thinks it better if you would join him at our caravan. No need for the children to be there: I’ll stay with them, help them choose their rides and, Sara, don’t you be worrying, I’ll enjoy keeping an eye on them. Not that it matters, Pearl will be with us.’ She laughed then and turned to face Lou: ‘No Lou, I can truly promise your discussion with Zach will not be about Pearl. I’m not sure of the details, didn’t have time to ask, but I do know it’s something quite different. Entirely different.’ 
CHAPTER 17

Zach Shanghasi met them at the door of the caravan. ‘Sit down, make yourself comfortable,’ he said, ushering them to seats at a table. ‘Sorry about the boxes, Beth is busy packing. Don’t know if she told you, but we are moving into the Palace for a while, least ‘till we have something of our own. Hey, and how about young Mattie?’ he added. ‘Believe he came near to stealing the show. You must be proud.’
‘Yes, we are,’ replied Sara. ‘He’s usually such a quiet little boy, but what he did today shows the kind of child he is.’
‘Yes absolutely,’ replied Zach. ‘Maybe also the kind of family he comes from.’ He drew up a stool to sit facing them. ‘Anyway, thank you for coming,’ he said ‘I meant to be here when you arrived, but this morning’s meeting lasted longer than expected.’
‘Oh, that’s fine, but did you see Princess Serena while you were there? asked Sara. ‘Truth is, I can’t stop thinking about her, wondering how she is. Oh, I know it was a foolish thing she did, causing so much trouble, but she is only nine when all is said and done.’
‘Oh, there’s no need to worry about Serena: she is absolutely fine and, strange as it may seem, neither she nor the Prince seem to have suffered in any way from all that has happened, the publicity. Quite the reverse in fact. At least not a far as the people of Mandredela are concerned. All they know and all they seem to care about is that both Serena and the Prince acted out of love for Princess Janine and that, as far as I can see, is about all that is needed to excuse just about anything and everything in this country. Not that I’m saying the Prince has the best of reputations, and I’m not denying he went over the top and lost his way after the death of Janine, but I have had any number of discussions with the Prince over this past year and I’ve learned to know and respect him. Yes I suppose it took him longer than it should have done to get over the loss, but the Prince Xavier I now know has one thing on his mind and that is to improve things for the people of this country. Believe me when I say he has great plans for Mandredela - plans he likes to call his Janine plans.’
‘But back to why I asked you here.’ he continued.’ He looked first to Leo and then to Sara. ‘The problem is how to start?’ Almost immediately, he was pushing from the table. ‘I know,’ he said. He walked to a cupboard and came back with three glasses and a bottle of wine. He poured three measures. ‘Taste that,’ he said. ‘Tell me what you think.’
Sara was quick to reply. ‘I think it is really nice,’ she said. ‘Not that I know the first thing about wines, but yes, it’s nice, very nice.’ She looked around at the caravan. So luxurious, even with boxes piled in every corner. And she looked at Zach Shanghasi. Here she was, a farmer’s wife: one day worrying herself witless about the harvest, desperate for it to be good, next day sampling a wine with one of the richest men in the world. And yet for reasons she did not even try or want to understand, she felt completely at ease with him. Such an ordinary man, so easy to like. 
‘Yes, a good wine,’ agreed Lou, taking his time. Sara took a sideways look at him. He seemed relaxed enough, but Sara knew Leo; knew how hard it was for him to be comfortable or relaxed while he was so unsure of the Shanghasis and their eagerness to make friends with his family. Knew he was still questioning if it was something to do with Pearl. As he said, no one else had been invited to the circus as their special guests. Gung Ho, for one, could not believe it!
‘Most years,’ said Leo, forcing a smile and taking a second sip, ‘we grow a few grapes and, if they turn out anyway near good, we put a few bottles to one side for ourselves. Not many; depends how much rain we have had. But yes, I agree with Sara, this seems really good. Better than mine, that’s a certainty.’
Zach laughed. ‘Yes, and I hope you don’t mind me saying you are no doubt right. Actually I’ve had a long list of experts do a series of tastings on this wine and they all agree that it is a superb wine – what they like to call a complete wine - and one they would be more than happy put their names to. Me? Well, I’m like you: no expert, no connoisseur, but I like it too. But why, you may well ask, am I sitting here talking to you about wine? Well, before I answer that, there’s a question I would like to ask.’ He refilled their glasses. ‘Yeltsin is a small town, ‘he began, ‘with a small population. So why, do you think, we brought one of our circuses here? Even this one, the smallest we have.’
Lou was quick to answer. ‘Well, I can truly say that was a question that I asked the moment I heard you were coming here. Seemed you had no chance of making a profit, but what do I know? I’m just a farmer.’
‘Well, farmer or not, you are absolutely right.’ replied Zach. ‘We knew from the start we would be making a loss by coming here – of course we did, it’s our business to know - and yet here we are. Let me explain. First of all, some of the artists you saw today have not performed for the Shanghasi before – would you believe the trapeze artists! – while others were anxious to try out new routines, new presentations, that kind of thing. Also, we always have a large number of acts wanting to audition for our various circuses and Yeltsin seemed an ideal place for this. Away from everything and actually, it’s something we do most ever year and always in a small, out-of-the-way place such as this.;
‘However, the much more important reason was that both Beth and I simply had to be here. For well over a year now, we have been in talks with Prince Xavier about a number of business ventures we had in mind and the time had come when we needed to have some face-to-face meetings. There were decisions to be made, things to be finalised and there was a need to get going on some of them.
‘Actually, it all started more than a year ago when Prince Xavier first came to see me. Paris it was, and we sat in a little café by the Seine and talked and talked. Talked until it was dark and the waiters were fast losing patience. He came asking for help, but by the end of that evening, not only had I agreed to help, but could hardly wait to get started.
To put it in simple words, he wanted the Shanghasi Corporation, which is Beth and me and a great many of the clever people we employ, to support him in his great – or should I say almost overwhelming - ambition to make this country a better place for his people to live in. Mandredela is a poor country surrounded by mountains and a country that seems to have been locked in a past it finds hard to shake free from. It is mainly a farming country, but as you most certainly know, its farms are poor, dirt-grubbing farms and how can they be otherwise without a proper irrigation system. Irrigation is the key, and yet the cost would be impossible for a country as poor as this.’ 
Leo was suddenly sitting straight in his chair, staring at Matt.
‘And so we decided that we should try to think of ways to make Mandredela a not-so- poor country; a country that might perhaps one day be able to think such a scheme. And that is exactly what the Prince and Beth and I are about: to one day make Mandredela prosperous enough for her to start dreaming dreams about a new future. Dreams which I truly believe could one day become real.
‘Suchno has a reservoir of sorts that just about manages to supply the town with water, but I’ve had engineers look at the problem and they tell me that by building a dam higher in the Madras and by extending the reservoir to at least five times its present size, it is more than possible. Easier said than done! 
‘The trouble is that the cost would be far in excess of what this country can possibly afford - at least at the present time - and that leaves one answer. To see what we can do to make Mandredela a more prosperous country. And, how do we do that? By taking a look at the skills and the goods that Mandredela produces for itself – has done for years - and see if there are some we can sell to the rest of the world. To bring in money to Mandredela. Surprisingly, we found many.’
 He filled their glasses to the top. ‘This wine comes from the vineyards of two brothers. Two brothers with large families, with side-by-side vineyards a few miles north of Suchno and believe me when I say they are poor. Most they have ever done is make a kind of living by peddling their wine from door to door and selling a few bottles on local market stalls. Well, we are well on our way to changing that. What we decided to do was build two new bottling sheds, call in a production expert and have the Prince act as their sales manager. I tell you, having a royal prince do the selling is quite some help, especially one with the enthusiasm of Prince Xavier. All right, no denying he has a habit of jumping the gun and orders are already pouring in, but at least it shows our wine scheme has success written on it and I think those two families have seen the end of their poverty.
‘Next, we took a look at the Madre Mountains - hard to escape them in this country – and it seems Prince Xavier has long held ideas about turning what is a couple of very ordinary ski runs into a really good resort. A top-class resort with a village of cabinsski lifts; restaurants and all the rest of the things that attract people who love skiing and have money to spend. I know next to nothing about the sport, but from what the Prince tells me and from the many enquiries I have made, I must confess that I am really excited about the whole venture. And so, yesterday, we gave the go-ahead to a team of planners and told them to start right away. The Prince, as you might well guess, is already planning a world wide selling tour. 
 ‘Then of course, we have the lockets. The Mandredela lockets. Now let me say right off that I do not believe we could sell your country’s lockets abroad – not in a million years and not even with the Prince doing the selling. In my opinion, a complete waste of time even to think about it. But the craftsmen who make them – well that is something different. Their clocks and watches are simply exquisite, no other word, and their jewellery designs even more so. This I can say with more than a little confidence for jewellery, watches and fine clocks are something I do know about.
‘In my early days I was employed for a time as head buyer for a London jewellery company and, years later, I bought a small chain of jewellery shops which I still own and which, I am happy to say, is now doing more than well across Europe and America.’ He gave a smile. ‘Actually, that is where I met Beth. She was their sales manager. 
‘Anyway, and perhaps because she has my love of fine jewellery, Beth decided she wanted to take a lead in this particular project and has already organised them into a single unit, a sort of co-operative and, from what she tells me, they are sky high about their prospects, can’t wait to get started. Especially as they have a ready-made customer, namely me.
‘So then, that is how things were when we arrived in Yeltsin: three projects ready to go with only a few final touches to make and contacts to sign. Other projects were in the pipeline, but we decided three was enough for a start. 
‘But then, on the day we opened here, two young girls arrived at the Rumble Tum. Said their names were Pearl and Lilac. Pearl and Lilac Santino, they said. Santino? I asked myself. Now where have I heard that name before? Santino?. Santino?. Couldn’t get it out of my mind. Santino?. And then I remembered. Of course, of course, the horses! The Santino horses! The most famous horses in the world until the war came to destroy and change so many things.’
Leo was still staring at him, but now Sara was staring too; neither one seemed able to breathe. Zach smiled first at one and then the other. ‘Yes the Santino horses, I said to myself, how could we have missed this as a project to investigate? The name itself was enough for that! Believe me, I couldn’t get to the Prince fast enough and after he had jumped up and down a few times, he was pushing me through the door and yelling for me to see you right away. Not to lose a moment. And so I arranged for Beth to invite you to . . . ’
Leo was suddenly standing, his face white with excitement. ‘I shall give the finest stable in the world,’ he said in a voice barely a whisper. ‘I’ll give you horses my Grandfather would have been proud of .and I’ll make the name Santino famous again. As famous as it ever was.’ He sat down again and stayed with his face cupped in his hands.
‘He has never stopped dreaming about them. Never once.’ Sara had reached to place her hand on Zach’s arm. ‘All those years studying them, reading about them, all the changes, every new idea. Even now, he knows all that is happening in all the main stables: their horses, their breeding successes and their failures; the results of all the competitions; the races. Have no doubts, Mr Shanghasi, Leo will breed you the finest horses in the world. It is more than a dream.’
Zach turned his hand into hers while managing to laugh out loud. ‘Perhaps I shouldn’t be saying this,’ he said, still laughing, ‘but this looks as if it could be the easiest deal I have ever made. Mind you, this is certainly not something to rush into. As I have just said, Prince Xavier is more than keen and I must admit to being more than a little excited myself, but there are many, many things to consider. In your interest perhaps most of all. 
‘But first things first and I think I should tell you something about the Shanghasi Corporation and what we could expect from a future working together. In my opinion and from what I can see, this project could possibly offer a quick return – say a year or two- but it is much more likely, I feel, to be an enterprise that would call for many years of hard and dedicated work. Mind , we do have the Santino name and there is no telling how much that is worth. On the other hand, the Shanghasi Corporation will, if we do decide to go ahead, not only finance each and every aspect of such a business, but will spare nothing to make it a success.’ He looked directly at Sara. ‘And that means looking after you and your family as far as money is concerned. Money and your well being. ‘And why? he continued. ‘ Because we at the Shanghasi sincerely believe that our partners should feel free to devote their skills, .their knowledge and experience in trying to make certain we have every chance of success and we do not believe that anyone with money or family worries can easily achieve that.’ 
He stood quickly then. ‘Obviously this is a great surprise for you, for both of you. It is a lot to take in and I think we would be better to stop at this point and enjoy the rest of the day with your family. I understand Beth has arranged something special for us at the Rumble Tum and I’m really looking forward to it - haven’t eaten a thing since breakfast and I’m absolutely starved. One final word. If it is convenient, I would like to call on you in the morning to explain things in more detail and answer any questions you might have. And then, if you think you are satisfied enough to be signing an agreement, I will be suggesting you give thought to hiring a lawyer. Shanghasi will pay his costs, but he must be one of your choosing. As I say, you have a lot to think about. This could be the biggest decision of your lives.’ 
He turned to open the door, but stopped. ‘Leo,’ he said, turning. ‘I am a businessman and I assure you this has nothing to do with Pearl.’
‘I will give you the finest horses in the world,’ replied Leo.
CHAPTER 18

It was early afternoon and Leo was alone in the field. He wanted time on his own: time to think, time to bring himself back to earth. And what better place! Zach Shanghasi – call me Zach - had arrived early as promised and they had spent the whole of the morning together. 
‘You must have thought me a complete fool yesterday.’ said Leo, as soon as they were seated. ‘All I can remember saying is that I would give you the finest horses in the world: a fool of a parrot with an echo.’ 
‘Leo, I wouldn’t be here if I thought you were a fool. Anyway, how are your thoughts after a night’s sleep?’
Leo’s answer made Zach roar with laughter: ‘A night’s sleep!’ he repeated. ‘Not a chance! I’ve been trying all I know to wear this floor away the whole night through and from the look of her, Sara has done little better. Hour after hour with my mind a blur and all I can think to say to you this morning is that I shall give you the finest horses in the world.’
Zach really laughed, and though the morning continued with no shortage of humour, Leo was soon to realise he was dealing with Zach Shanghasi the man of business. Questions were in a torrent: sharp, penetrating, detailed questions that had Leo sitting straight-backed on the edge of his chair. Sara joined them after an hour – Pearl and Lilac were at the Rumble Tum helping Beth pack everything into boxes and she had taken Tiger Lilly and Mattie for a walk. A good idea, she thought; to leave Leo with Zach Shanghasi for while, but as soon as she returned she found herself deep in the thick of the questioning. For most of another hour the avalanche continued with Sara, sitting as straight-backed as Leo, hardly moving. Question after question until, quite suddenly Zach lifted himself from the table.
‘Leo, Sara,’ he said. ‘Thank you for your patience and the straightforward manner in which you have answered my questions and I think you will be happy to learn that is the last of them. At least all that are important, all that matter.’ He leaned back in his chair and gave a sigh, a sigh that told he was pleased with their answers.’
 ‘So what next you might well ask’ he said. ‘Well, I think we have done enough talking and that it is time to call in the lawyers and have them to draw up an agreement that will bring about our partnership; a partnership between Leo and Sara Santino and the Shanghasi International Corporation. It will of course be a business agreement, but I truly hope and believe that it will mark the beginning of many years of friendship between our two families. An ever growing friendship’ He reached to shake their hands. ‘Yesterday you told me you usually manage a bottle or two of wine each year. Depends on the rain, you said. Well, my friends, if there’s still some of it around, I think now would be a good tim to be opening a bottle. And my congratulations! Just one more thing, Leo Santino. ‘He gave Leo’s hand an extra shake. ‘I have no doubt that you will give me the finest horses in the world. No doubts at all.’

Leo continued hacking at the soil, instinctively turning his eyes to the cloudless sky. He could afford to leave this crop, turn his back on it and let it wither in the ground, but it was not his way, something he knew he could never do. Zach had suggested he send for Binnie and Taz to run the farm at least until the harvest was over, leave him free to concentrate on the new venture and he was more than happy to agree. No one would ever know how much he had always hated the thought of the relentless, backbreaking work they had been forced to do; so far from home, rarely seeing them – feeling their unhappiness whenever he did. They were good sons who deserved a better future and, no matter what Sara said, he had always blamed himself. 
‘Enough.’ Leo said to himself, stopping to lean on his hoe. ‘Enough of this dreaming about my sons; about the new schools I will be choosing for my daughters, the dresses I’ll be buying for Sara. Yes, enough! So much planning to do, so many decisions to be made, problems to solve. Water was the main headache. Within a year or two, he could well have a hundred horses in his care, maybe more, and that would mean an endless supply of water, water in abundance with no regard to seasons. Should he then be thinking of moving to land north of Suchno, close to the reservoir or, as Zach had mentioned, consider the possibilities of deep-well drilling. Zach had left it to him to decide: ‘Your department,’ he had said, shrugging his shoulders. And then there was the question of . . . . Oh, so many decisions to be made: crucial, difficult decisions that only he could make; questions that promised no end of troublesome nights with little sleep - and Leo was a happy, happy man. 

‘Dad! Dad!’ Leo turned to see Tiger Lilly standing at the edge of the field and pointing towards the gate. A coach had stopped and as he squinted his eyes against the sun, he could see a woman and a young girl stepping down onto the road. Sun or not, he recognised them right away: he dropped his hoe, shook his head. Life was suddenly moving so fast he could hardly think - one day a farmer, the next he had a royal princess paying him a visit. It was all he could do to stop from breaking into a run, but a flash of memory reminded him of the many times members of royal families from all over the world had visited his father’s stables without there being much fuss. Maybe because his dad was as famous as they were. 
Sara was placing a jug of lemonade on the table by the time he arrived at the house. ‘Pearl and Lilac are at the circus, helping with the packing and I can’t tell you how unhappy they will be that they missed you,’ she was saying as she poured the lemonade into glasses. That was Sara – took everything in her stride. If he did decide they had to move, she would simply turn and start to pack.
‘Our fault, we should have checked they would be here, Princess Serena replied. ‘But please, Mrs Santino, would you tell them how sorry I am. About everything, especially about your daughter Pearl being locked up for the night. It must have been horrible for her. Really and truly I had no idea I was going to cause so much trouble and, please, will you tell her how much I regret all I did? 
‘Yes and may I say it was the Princess’s idea to come here in person to apologise to you all,’ added Miss Penny. ‘Her idea completely.’
‘Well I think it very thoughtful of you and I also think it was a very brave thing you did in court,’ said Leo ‘and I know that Pearl thinks so too – we all do - and I thank you for coming here. It is a great honour and one we shall always remember. Yes, thank you.’
‘And what is more,’ added Miss Penny, ‘it looks like something really good is about to come out of the whole affair. I don’t know the full story, but I do know that the Prince is quite excited about it all. And a strange thing! Would you believe I can clearly remember hearing the name Santino as a small girl and I knew, even before the Prince told me, it had something to do with horses?’
‘Yes, the name Santino was a famous name before the war and we hope to make it so again.’ said Leo with increasing pride.
‘Horses! Horses! What’s this about horses?’ Tiger Lilly had been sitting quietly in a corner, her eyes fixed on Serena’s shoes. Never had she seen such shoes, but in an instant, the shoes were forgotten. ‘Oh, don’t tell me we are going to have a horse! Oh no! Such great big, lumpy things and clumsy so you wouldn’t believe. We had a horse here last year, came to plough the top field – awful it was, came close to knocking me over and not just the once. Oh, I like the kind of horses the Princess has – well, who wouldn’t! – but the ones they have on farms are the size of houses, far too big to ride and who would want the job of looking after it? Not me for one. Actually, I know someone who had a horse and you would never believe the trouble they had with the stupid thing. Take for instance the day they were taking it out on to one of their fields. Hardly through the gate when . . . .’
‘Tiger Lilly, please!’ exclaimed Sara using her-how-many-times-do-I-have-to-tell-you look ‘There are things we wish to discuss with you, but not now - important things that affect all of us and we thought it best to wait until your sisters are home from the circus. In the meantime, why don’t you and the Princess take your lemonades outside? She might like to see the new chickens or perhaps you can sit under the big tree and have a chat. I doubt she knows that you were both born on the same day, so there’s something to talk about.’
Tiger Lilly took another look at Serena’s shoes, decided that the Princess was unlikely to have much of an interest in chickens and took her to the seat her father had made under the big oak tree. She often wondered why they called it the big oak – it was the only tree they had. Always forgot to ask.
‘When are you coming back to say sorry to Pearl?’ she asked the Princess the moment they were seated’
‘Come back? No. Why should I? I’ve already asked your mother if she will explain to Pearl how sorry I am and how shocked I was to learn she had not been allowed home that night.’
‘Have you ever been locked up for the night?’
‘Course I haven’t. That’s a silly question.’
‘Not as silly as someone who thinks it good enough to do nothing more than leave a message saying whoops, sorry, didn’t really mean it. No, I think that is just terrible.’
‘You don’t like me very much, do you?’
‘No.’
‘Well that’s good because I don’t like you either.’
They were silent a while. 
‘Why?’ asked Serena suddenly. 
‘Why what?’ asked Tiger Lilly.
‘Why you do not like me.’ said Serena. And anyway, how can you possibly say such a thing when we have never met before, never been together?’
‘Well yes, if you don’t count the time at the magic bench and that was when I decided we could never be friends. Never ever!’
‘Is that because of the way I was that day with Miss Penny?’
‘Yes and I have never heard anyone speak like that before, not to an adult and not to someone who was trying so hard to be patient and kind. I thought you were awful, just awful.’
‘Well that shows you don’t know all you think you do. Shows you know exactly nothing! If you really want to know, I told Miss Penny how sorry I was that very same afternoon and she said she understood. I love Miss Penny and I know she loves me and it is none of your business what we say to each other.’
‘Maybe not, but you seem to have to spend a lot of your time having to say sorry to people.’
There was an even longer spell of silence.
Then Serena said: ‘What are those numbers over there. Chalked on the flagstones?’
‘That’s our hopscotch. Lilac and me. We play it a lot. You want to have a go?’
‘No, I do not. Looks like a childish game to me – not for a nine year old I wouldn’t have thought.’
‘Is that because you are no good at it, or is it because you have never heard of a hopscotch before? Yes, I bet that’s what it is.’
‘So there’s another thing you know absolutely nothing about. If you really want to know, I must have played it hundreds of times when I was five or six and, far as I can remember, I was quite good at it. Got bored with it, best I can remember.’
‘Right then! Show me.’
‘You are really very silly, do you know that? How can I possibly play a game like that in a dress this long? I’d be tripping all over myself from the start. Honestly!’
‘You could tuck the bottom of the dress in your belt. Or maybe that’s just an excuse.’
‘Right!’ Serena lifted her dress, tucked it round her waist and strode purposely to the hopscotch. ‘You had better remind me what I’m supposed to do – it’s a long time since I played this childish game.’ 
‘What to do? I would have thought it obvious,’ replied Tiger Lilly, her eyes rolling to the sky. ‘Hop on the single numbers, step both feet on the doubles and take a flying turn at the end and come back again.
‘There, how’s that?’ said Serena on her return. 
‘Two! You stood on two cracks. Not so good at all.’
‘I did not. I did not step on any crack. Not one’
‘You did!’
‘I did not.’
‘Yes you did! Twice!’
They went back to the big tree, shared another silence.
‘Is that a dead chicken over there by the wall?’
‘A chicken, course it isn’t. It’s a shuttlecock my sister Lilac made from a cork and some chicken feathers.’
‘Did it work?’
‘No. But that’s because our racquets were old and saggy - my dad’s when he was a boy.’ 
Tiger Lilly paused a while before she asked ‘Could I have a ride in your coach? I’ve never been in one, not ever.’
‘A ride in my coach! Whatever for? I hate coaches. They are nothing but rattly, bumpy things and all that would happen is you’d be shaken to pieces. I’ll ask Miss Penny if it is really something you want, though I must say it seems a strange thing for someone to want. Least it is to me. Not normal. And where would we go, for pity sake?’
 ‘We could go to the magic bench.’
 Serena gave a long, weary sigh. ‘I suppose you mean the log where I hid the necklace – will it ever be forgotten! - but don’t tell me you actually believe in magic.’
Tiger Lilly sat back, folded her arms, took her time with the question. ‘All right, so when you were sitting on the log that day, did you by any chance wish a wish you really wanted – and don’t say no without having a good think about it. Lilac knows all about magic and says if it is a really, really important wish and one you have been carrying in your heart for a longest of time, then it is bound to come true.’ 
‘I wanted my mother’s locket.’ said Serena. ‘But I went to the log to hide the necklace, not to make a wish. Anyway I didn’t know anything about it being magic at the time, did I? It just seemed a good place to hide things, that’s all.’
‘Did you get it, your mother’s locket I mean?’
‘Yes, my father said he was going to give it to me all along, said he was sorry he had taken so long’
‘There you are then,’ said Tiger Lilly. ‘You got your wish. And while we are talking about magic, I might as well tell you there’s a wish I‘ve have been wishing for so long that I’ve even thought of giving up trying. Told myself to forget about it and that there is no such thing as magic, but just before you arrived, I was watching my Dad working in the field and I’ve decided to give it another try next time I’m at the bench. Also, Lilac says I’ve simply not tried hard enough before and may be she is right. 
 ‘Can you tell me what it is?’
 ‘ No. Wishes are to be kept secret. Least I think they are. I’ll ask Lilac.’
Serena looked thoughtful: ‘I suppose magic can do anything, no matter what,’ she said.’
‘I suppose,’ said Tiger Lilly. ‘Nothing bad of course’
There was another pause, the longest of all. ‘Do you have many friends?’ Serena asked.
‘Yes, lots. How about you?’
‘Yes, lots. How about a best friend?’
‘Not really. Just Lilac and Pearl,’
Serena stood, stared at the top of the tree for a while then turned towards the house. ‘I’ll go ask Miss Penny about you having a ride in my coach,’ she said.
 CHAPTER 19 

The Princess was right. The coach was a rattly, bumpy thing that made her hold tight to her seat, that threw her from side to side at every curve and bend and Tiger Lilly loved every minute. Loved looking through the window; loved watching the world from a new inside.
‘How long did Miss Penny say we could have?’ she asked, not wanting the ride to end. 
‘Half an hour. Told Master John not a minute more.’
‘Is that his name, the coachman?’
‘Yes, he’s been with us for ever, he’s our favourite. He’s very old, but he’s strict and when Miss Penny told him half an hour, half an hour it is.’ 
‘The horse, what did you say was her name?’
 ‘Bella.’
‘She is just beautiful! If only the horse we are supposed to be getting could be like Bella. But it won’t be, course it won’t. A clomping big elephant of a thing is what we’ll get.’ 
‘If we were friends, you could ride one of our horses. We have six in the stables right now and Penny and I go for a ride most every day.’
‘I can’t ride anyway.’
‘Miss Penny would teach you, she has all kinds of medals and ribbons in her room, awards she won when she was about sixteen or seventeen. Mainly for cross-country and show jumping. All kinds. I’ll ask if I can show you them sometime. That’s if you would like.’
‘You like Miss Penny a lot, I think.’
‘I’ve already told you I do, so why keep asking?’
 ‘Would you like her to be your mother?’
‘Honestly! Some people! What makes you want to ask such a stupid question? You seem to forget that I am a princess and everybody knows that royalty never talk about family matters to outsiders. Really!’
‘Miss Penny is not royal, so can I ask about her?’
‘I suppose. But one thing I can say is she wasn’t much liked when she first came as my governess. Not liked for ages and certainly not by me. Strict like you wouldn’t believe, which I think was the cause of my daddy going red in the face and shouting like he was going to burst into a thousand pieces every time they met. Awful it was with Miss Penny threatening to leave and my daddy saying he wished she would. I knew they didn’t mean it.’
‘What were they shouting about?’
‘Me. Which is why I knew they didn’t really mean it.’
‘Do they still shout at each other/’
‘Not so much these days. Hardly at all, come to think. And a funny thing! Miss Penny and I like to walk in the garden most afternoons, have a chat about the flowers and see what the gardeners have planted, that kind of thing, but lately he’s been joining us. I wouldn’t mind so much, but he always wants to talk about things that are not only boring, but dead-eyed boring. No other word. Goes on and on and on. Miss Penny is probably as bored as I am, but no use asking, she wouldn’t say, anyhow.
‘Why don’t you ask him if he would like to marry her?’
Serena heaved a huge sigh, turned to stare out of the window. ‘What I would like more than anything else is for you to be stop asking so many silly questions and let me decide the words I wish to say to the magic bench’’
‘I thought you said you didn’t believe in magic.’
‘I didn’t say that.’
‘You did!’
‘Well, did or didn’t, I’ve decided to make a wish and, before you ask, it is definitely something I want more than anything else in the world and I suppose in a way, it’s something I have wanted for ever. 
‘Can I have a guess?’
‘No! No you can’t. Unless you happen to be guessing that I would like you to be quiet for a moment or two.’
And so, Tiger Lilly squeezed her lips, and while she was still trying her hardest to be the sort of person who hardy spoke unless she had a most important thing to say, they were stepping from the coach and sitting on the bench.
‘You first,’ said Serena.
Tiger Lilly squeezed her eyes as tight as they could be squeezed and wished for rain harder than she had ever wished for rain before.
‘You next,’ she said as soon as she had finished. ‘And don’t forget what Lilac said about it being something that has been deep in your heart for the longest of time – she suddenly she remembered she was going to be a person of few words - and then you can make your wish. I’ll wait in the coach.’
Serena was a long time. 
‘How many wishes did you make, all that time?’ Tiger Lilly asked.
‘Just the one. There was another wish I would like to have made but I thought a lot about it and I think I can make it happen on my own, without magic.’ 
There was the biggest silence ever: Tiger Lilly not talking, being a quiet sort of person.
‘When I come to see Pearl shall I bring my shuttlecock set?’ Serena asked.’
Tiger Lilly nodded. 
‘And whatever bats I have?’
Tiger Lilly gave another nod.
 The coach stopped. ‘Here we are my young ladies,’ shouted Master John as he opened their door. ‘And you best be hurrying yourselves to the house. It’s raining cats and dogs. Pouring down!’


. .
 

 

















 
 

 
 








