

Clara doesn’t think she’s special, until she starts having terrifying nightmares and hearing voices in the night. Then her great aunt, Selina, tells Clara something incredible. Clara is a shape‑shifter. But with this extraordinary inherited gift comes a dangerous curse.



Under the Light of a Full Moon


D. A. McGrath




Cover Design by
Simon Avery

Also by D.A. McGrath

The Full Moon series 
Under the Light of a Full Moon
A Gypsy Curse
A Gypsy Secret
Gypsy Legends: The Quest for Peace
A Gypsy Twist
A Gypsy Dilemma





Text copyright © D.A. McGrath

First published in 2013.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the publisher.

The right of D.A. McGrath to be identified as author of this work has been asserted by them in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988.

This is a work of fiction. Names, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
www.damcgrathauthor.com



Thank you for downloading ‘Under the Light of a Full Moon’.
If you’d like to receive exclusive ‘Full Moon’ series bonus content for FREE, as well as be the first to find out when new books are due to be released … Sign Up Here!

Chapter One


It was a sunny, balmy, autumn afternoon. In the humid classroom of a secondary school in a small town in the Midlands, a girl named Clara was struggling to concentrate on what her teacher was saying. As the warmth made Clara drowsy, and the teachers’ voice droned on monotonously, her thoughts drifted away into wishing she was outside enjoying the sunshine, instead of stuck in this tedious lesson.
She sat, staring out of the window, aimlessly swinging one leg back and forth under her stool and slowly twirling her dark blond ponytail around her finger, when her attention was caught by a bumblebee, bouncing off the inside of the window. Blowing her fringe out of her eyes she wondered idly why it continued its efforts to fly through the invisible barrier. 
The more she watched, the more she felt sorry for the bee as it struggled to find a way out of the glass prison. There was an open window a few feet over and Clara silently urged the bee to move towards it. Suddenly, as if the bee had heard Clara’s thoughts, it flew at full speed several feet sideways, straight out of the open window and out of sight. 
Huh! Clara thought. That was weird.
“Clara?” Clara jumped. Her teacher was looking at her expectantly. Feeling a classroom of eyes staring in her direction, Clara blushed.
 “Sorry, Mrs Fernley, I missed the question,” she mumbled. 
The teacher frowned and opened her mouth to scold Clara for her inattention, but just then the school bell rang, signalling the end of the lesson and the end of the school day.
Clara breathed a sigh of relief and packed her things into her schoolbag. She followed her classmates out of the school building, across the grounds and out of the gate. The throng of children thinned as people headed in different directions with Clara turning right towards home. A few minutes later she turned the corner into her street and saw her mum arrive at the house ahead of her, with her younger brother, Peter, in tow. Peter saw Clara coming along the road and waved to her. Clara smiled and waved back.
When Clara entered the house, she was surprised to find Great‑Aunt Selina sitting at the kitchen table. 
“Hello, Clara, darling, how are you?” Aunt Selina asked, pulling Clara into a big hug. 
“Hi, Aunt Selina, I’m fine thanks. I didn’t know you were coming to stay.”
“It’s a surprise visit my dear,” Selina replied. “I was on the phone to your mum a few days ago when I realised I hadn’t seen you all since last winter. So I invited myself down for a visit.”
“Excellent,” said Clara, who was fond of her great-aunt. 
Clara didn’t remember her grandparents, who’d died when she was young, so Great‑Aunt Selina filled the role nicely.  She was plump and soft and wore big baggy clothes and had the most fabulously infectious laugh. She was also the most imaginative storyteller. Whenever she came to visit, she’d regale Clara and Peter with wild and daring stories about their ancestors. The children loved these stories and always wanted to hear more. 
“Come and sit down,” said Aunt Selina to Clara. “I want to hear about your new school and what you’ve been up to.” 
“Okay,” said Clara. “Give me a sec to get out of my uniform.” And with that Clara ran upstairs to her room. 
On her way there she found Peter sitting on the top step of the stairs looking glum. Unfortunately for him, when visitors came to stay, they slept in his bedroom, and he had to sleep on a camp bed in his parents’ room for the duration. She could tell from his expression that he was not happy with the arrangement. 
“Cheer up Pete,” said Clara and patted him on the head on her way past.
Back downstairs Clara chatted with Selina as they set the table for dinner. 
Later that evening, while doing homework in her bedroom, Clara mused on the story that Selina had told them over dinner. It was one of their favourites and was about a great-great-great-great-aunt who had a magical ability to shape-shift into the form of animals and had some wonderful magical adventures until, one day, she inadvertently angered some Gypsies who punished her by putting a curse on her. 
“The curse,” said Aunt Selina. “Has been passed down through the generations to this day.”  
And when the children asked about what the curse entailed their aunt winked conspiratorially and said, “You’ll find out one day.”  
This response made the children squeal in delight and they spent the time they were washing and drying the dishes guessing what the curse could be, their suggestions getting more and more fantastical. 
Of course, Clara chuckled to herself, she was old enough to know that curses didn’t really exist, but she was thrilled by the mystery, nonetheless. Climbing into bed, Clara decided she was pleased that their aunt was going to be staying with them for a while, so they could enjoy more of her stories.
Clara switched off her bedside lamp and lay in the dark staring at the familiar shadows on her ceiling for a while, before closing her eyes and snuggling down to sleep. While she was normally a good sleeper, it took a long time for her to drop off this night, and when she eventually did fall asleep, she had some thoroughly disturbing dreams. She tossed and turned, restlessly, and then woke up abruptly in the middle of the night covered in sweat, her heart hammering almost out of her chest. Feeling frightened, she sat up and switched on her lamp. She was breathing heavily and shaking a little and she felt disoriented. She tried to remember what she’d been dreaming about. 
She had a vague, jumbled memory of being in a dark place where she was running away from something that was chasing her. That was what had woken her up. It was just a bad dream. Clara rarely had bad dreams and wondered what had triggered it. Maybe it was her aunt’s story, she thought; after all, she’d been thinking about it before she went to sleep. Although, the stories had never affected her like that before.
Clara lay back against her pillow and tried to relax. She’d woken up so suddenly, however, that further sleep seemed impossible. Instead, she slipped out of bed and tiptoed over to her window, which she opened to let in some fresh air. Leaning on her windowsill, Clara inhaled a deep lungful of the cool air and exhaled while listening to the wind rustling through the trees at the bottom of the garden. She heard the occasional car on the main road and the intermittent barking of a dog in a nearby garden. It seemed very bright out and Clara looked up into a cloudless sky to see a dazzling full moon leering back at her. An ominous feeling started to develop in the pit of Clara’s stomach causing her to shut the window and close the curtains tightly. She shivered slightly and climbed back into the warm bed. Trying to relax her mind into sleepiness she eventually dozed off into a nightmare free slumber.

***

The next morning, Clara met up with her best friend, Sinead, and they walked to school together. Sinead had been in Clara’s class in junior school and they both went to the same secondary school. Unfortunately, though, they were in different tutor groups and didn’t get to see as much of each other as they used to. 
As Clara yawned for the fifth time Sinead turned to her, eyebrows raised.
“What’s up with all the yawning?” she asked.
“It’s nothing,” replied Clara, “I had a nightmare last night that’s all.”
“Ooh, was it scary?” asked Sinead, wide eyed. 
“Yes,” said Clara, shivering convulsively. “It woke me up and it took ages to get back to sleep.” 
Sinead gave a sympathetic tut as they turned into the school gate. 
“See you later?” she asked. 
“Yeah, see you later,” responded Clara and they went their separate ways to class.
Clara arrived home that afternoon tired but in generally good spirits as it was Friday. Not only would her dad bring home a DVD for them to watch, but she’d be able to spend some quality time with her aunt over the weekend.
She dumped her schoolbag at the front door, vowing to do her homework on Saturday afternoon rather than leave it until Sunday night, as usual, and changed out of her school clothes.
A little later the family sat down to their Friday night meal of fish, chips and peas before settling down in front of the television to watch the DVD. After the highly entertaining animated film had finished Clara and Peter were sent to bed. Having been allowed to stay up late as a treat, Peter went to asleep almost straight away, but despite feeling shattered after the previous night’s disturbed sleep Clara was unable to drop off, again.
She tossed and turned for a while, hearing her dad go to bed, and then her mum and aunt about half an hour later. Clara tossed and turned some more, threw her duvet off in frustration and then pulled it back up again, and tossed and turned again. 
 Then she became aware of a faint whispering noise in the dark. Fear crept up her spine and her breathing shallowed. She lay very still and tried to hear where the noise was coming from but when she tried to focus on it – it disappeared – and she could only hear her dad snoring down the hallway. Thinking she must’ve imagined it, she tried to relax and eventually started to doze off. Teetering on the brink between wakefulness and sleeping, the whispering seemed to come to her again as if on a soft undulating breeze. This time she was able to make out distinct words in the whispering voice “...smells...”, “...tasty...”, “...noise...”, but she fell asleep before she could make any sense of it. 
Then she was dreaming violently again. As before, she was in a dark place. As before, she was being pursued by something unknown and unseen in the dark. As fast as Clara tried to get away from her pursuer, she could feel it closing in on her. She could feel its rank breath tickling her neck and then ... she was awake, sitting bolt upright, panting and shaking, her hands gripping the duvet tightly. She had left her curtains open and the light from the moon filled her room, distorting ordinary items into eerie shapes and shadows. Shuddering, Clara put on her bedside lamp and waited for the warm light to dissipate her fright. 
While calming down, Clara puzzled over what was causing her nightmares. She hadn’t watched a scary TV programme. She wasn’t stressed about anything, what could it be? A long time later, and no closer to solving the mystery, Clara slumped back against her pillow and dozed off.
Clara woke late the next morning sweaty, tired and sluggish. She dressed slowly and clumsily, and trudged down to breakfast, yawning all the way.
“Morning, sleepy-head, didn’t think you were going to join us today. I was about to come and wake you up,” said her mum. “Hungry?”  Clara nodded. 
“Didn’t sleep very well last night,” she mumbled. Un-noticed by anyone Aunt Selina scrutinised Clara closely over the rim of her mug.
“What are your plans for today?” Clara’s mum asked. 
“Going out with Sinead,” Clara mumbled into her cereal, almost too tired to move the spoon from the bowl to her mouth. 
“Peter and I are taking Selina shopping later; do you want to come?” Her mum asked. 
Clara paused; she was tempted to go shopping so she could spend time with her aunt but then she remembered her schoolbag full of outstanding homework assignments.
“I don’t think so thanks, I’ve homework to do,” said Clara, with another big yawn, and then she fetched her jacket and went out to meet her friend. 
Later that afternoon Clara thought about getting her homework out, but her brain was fuzzy, and she didn’t think she could face it. 
“I’ll do it tomorrow,” she decided. “Once I’ve had a good night’s sleep.” 
She then curled up on the sofa and tried to find something to watch on the TV that wasn’t sport.
That evening, Clara was so tired that she volunteered to go to bed early much to her parents and Peter’s surprise. Her aunt glanced over at her surreptitiously as Clara said her “goodnights” and went off to bed. 
Unfortunately, once in bed, she tossed and turned once again, unable to drop off to sleep for the third night in a row. After what felt like hours, Clara jumped angrily out of bed and threw open her window to the night air. It was a cool night and the breeze was refreshing on Clara’s flushed face. The full moon was hidden behind some thick clouds, but Clara could sense it, lurking. Shivering slightly, Clara crawled back under her warm duvet and listened to the sounds outside her open window, hoping they’d lull her to sleep. 
“A dog barking, a car, a person kicking a can down the street, another car.”  Lying with her eyes closed, Clara identified each sound as she heard it, sighing with frustration as her alarm clock clicked over to one am. 
Then a whispering sound impinged on her senses. It didn’t seem to be making any sense at first but then it grew louder and she was able to hear individual words. 
“What’s that?” The whisper asked. “No one’s there.” “I’m thirsty.”  “Where shall I go?”  
Clara’s heart started to race. She sat up and switched her bedside lamp on. With her heart thumping, she looked around her room desperately trying to identify the source of the whisper. She checked her radio alarm clock, which was switched off. The TV downstairs wasn’t on, everyone had gone to bed ages ago. She even checked under her bed wondering if Peter had put something there as a joke. 
She bravely pushed the covers back, climbed tentatively out of bed, and tiptoed around the room lifting things up and looking in cupboards and drawers trying to find the source of the whispering. An increasingly frightened and bewildered Clara eventually made her way to the window. She leant out, but couldn’t see or hear anyone or anything stirring in the garden ... wait ... what’s that moving in the shadows under the trees? Oh, it’s just a dog. 
Clara watched the golden retriever as it snuffled along the fence and stopped outside her house, appearing to stare directly up at Clara’s bedroom window. If she hadn’t known better Clara would’ve said that the dog was smiling at her. I really must be tired, she thought, shaking her head wearily as the dog moved off into the darkness.
 “Hmm,” she closed the window and climbed back into bed, clamping her hands over both of her ears. But it didn’t work, she could still hear the whispering. She randomly selected a well-known song and recited the lyrics over and over again, whispering them out loud as well in her head. After the third repetition of the song Clara stopped, and was relieved to find that the whispering voices had disappeared. She sighed with relief. Putting her hand out to turn off her lamp Clara hesitated and then changed her mind. Leaving the light on, she scooted down under the duvet and tucking it tightly under her chin. Worrying about the potential for nightmares or the return of the voices, Clara lay awake for most of the night, only dropping off to sleep a little before dawn. When she woke the following morning she felt completely disoriented, woozy and extremely grumpy.
She was so out of sorts that her parents were genuinely concerned about her. Her mum asked if she had a headache, took her temperature and announced that it was a touch high and Clara should go straight back to bed. Once in bed Clara fell straight to sleep and slept deeply and completely until mid-afternoon when a vicious hunger woke her up. Feeling much more her usual self, she came downstairs and, after assuring her parents that she was feeling much better, Clara wolfed down a plateful of sandwiches. 
Feeling full and well slept, Clara decided that the nightmares and voices could be explained by her overactive imagination and, with that thought, she went off to start tackling her pile of homework.
She slept without incident that night and was refreshed for school the following day.

     
Chapter Two


Over the next few weeks life went back to normal for Clara. Aunt Selina went home, and Peter was happily reunited with his bedroom. The sleeplessness episode was all but forgotten; until one chilly day in November when Clara came home from school to find Aunt Selina in the house once more. Her aunt explained that she’d been planning on visiting another family member, but they’d fallen ill so, because she’d had such a good time on her last visit, Selina had decided to visit Clara and Peter again.
That evening, Aunt Selina tracked Clara down in the kitchen where she was doing her homework and asked her about her sleeplessness of a few weeks before. The reminder wasn’t welcome, and Clara wasn’t keen to talk about it, however, her aunt’s gentle persistence was rewarded as Clara eventually told her about the nightmares. She didn’t mention the whispering voices, though; she was afraid her aunt would think she was crazy if she mentioned those.
Aunt Selina could tell that there was something that Clara was holding back, some detail that she was keeping to herself. When she could see that Clara was getting distressed by their conversation, she changed the subject.
A few hours later Clara wasn’t feeling as charitable towards her aunt. She lay in bed staring at the ceiling, wide awake. It’s Aunt Selina’s fault that I can’t sleep, she thought grumpily. She shouldn’t have reminded me about it. It’s like she’s cursed me or something. Then a memory nibbled at the edge of Clara’s mind.
“Cursed me,” she mused. “Why does that sound familiar?” And she pondered it for a while before it came to her. Heart thumping, she thought, Cursed me, of course, it’s the stories. And Clara searched her memory for details of the stories Aunt Selina had recounted to her and Peter. In particular, she recalled the story of her great-great-great-great-aunt who’d been cursed by Gypsies and how Selina had said that the curse had been passed down through the generations.
Could it have been real? Wondered Clara. Then she shook her head, Of course not! Curses aren’t real, are they? 
But, she argued with herself silently, her sleeplessness did seem to be recurring with frightening regularity, and the whispering was definitely not a normal phenomenon. Was the curse real? Had it been passed down through the generations as her aunt had said? Did Clara have it? 
Clara decided that she needed to question her aunt, and this was so important it couldn’t wait until the morning. In fact, she thought, if the curse involved sleeplessness her aunt might be awake right now. Clara slipped out of bed. In the dark hallway Clara could make out that the door of her aunt’s bedroom was slightly ajar. Clara pushed the door wider and whispered, “Aunt Selina?”
When she didn’t get a response, she took a few steps into the room and whispered more loudly, “Aunt Selina, are you awake?”  There was still no response from the bed. But something didn’t seem right. She couldn’t hear her aunt breathing, and there was absolutely no movement coming from under the duvet. Tiptoeing tentatively over to the bed Clara pulled the cover back and was shocked to discover that her aunt wasn’t there. A pillow had been stuffed under the cover to give the illusion that someone was sleeping in the bed, but she was definitely missing. Clara scanned the room in confusion, expecting her aunt to be standing behind the door or in a corner, waiting to surprise her, but she was completely alone.
Where could she possibly have gone at this time of night? Thought Clara. She’d definitely heard her aunt going to bed about eleven ‘o’ clock. She turned once again, puzzling over the empty room. Should she tell someone, maybe wake her parents? But no, her aunt had staged the bed to appear as if she was in it; she clearly didn’t want anyone to know that she was gone. Clara shrugged her shoulders – at least this meant that her assumption was correct and that her aunt was not sleeping either. She’d have to speak to her in the morning, assuming she was back by then. Clara slowly went back to bed and eventually dropped off to sleep in the pre-dawn hours.
When Clara dragged herself out of bed to get ready for school, she was so tired she’d completely forgotten all about her missing aunt. When she went downstairs for breakfast her mum saw the exhaustion on her daughter’s face.
 “You’re in no fit state to go to school today,” she said. She came over and put her hand on Clara’s forehead. Her hand felt cool and soothing and Clara closed her eyes, momentarily enjoying the sensation.
Then Clara noticed that her aunt was missing from the breakfast table.
“Where’s Aunt Selina?” she asked.
“She’s having a lie in this morning,” replied her mum. “And I think you need to go back to bed yourself young lady.” And she pushed Clara gently but firmly back towards the stairs. Wanting to speak to her aunt, Clara initially resisted, but then the idea of lying back down on her bed and sinking to sleep was pretty irresistible, so she succumbed and went to bed willingly.

***

Later that day, while Peter was at school and Clara’s parents were at work, she was in her room reading a book when she heard a light knock at the door. 
“May I come in?” Aunt Selina asked, poking her head in the door.
Clara nodded, putting her book down. Selina came in and sat on the edge of the bed. 
“I need to talk to you Clara,” said Selina gently. “What I’m going to tell you is going to sound amazing and unbelievable, but I want you to listen closely and keep an open mind as I believe I can help you to manage your sleeping problems.” Aunt Selina paused and Clara watched her intently, wondering what her aunt was going to say next.
“I think,” said Selina, hesitantly, searching for the right words. “I think you have a special gift, Clara.”
“What kind of gift?” Clara asked, puzzled.
“One that has run in our family for a long time,” said Selina, pausing again to watch Clara closely. “You see, the stories that I told you and Peter – about your ancestors ... do you remember them?”
“Yeess,” said Clara, alarm bells starting to ping inside her head.
“Well, they were true. For the most part,” said Selina.
Clara scoffed. “Don’t be silly Aunt Selina. They can’t be true. There’s no such thing as shape-shifting or Gypsy curses. They’re not real.” And Clara laughed loudly and slightly hysterically. She was beginning to think that her aunt was either a little bit doolally or that she was winding Clara up. She wasn’t sure whether to be amused by their conversation or concerned.
Selina watched Clara, carefully, and sighed. She hadn’t appreciated how difficult this was going to be. She leant forwards and took Clara’s hands in both of hers, as if to hold her steady, “Child, you have the ability to shape-shift.”
Clara blinked. She’d definitely not been expecting that. Stunned, she blinked again, and then slowly pulled her hands back from her aunt and edged away from her toward the other side of the bed.
“You’re crazy,” said Clara shakily. It seemed the only logical explanation.
“I’m afraid not, Clara,” said Selina wryly. “You have all the signs. The vivid nightmares, not being able to sleep when there’s a full moon. And I bet you’re hearing the voices too.”
Clara flinched and glared at her aunt. How did she know about the voices? Then Clara screwed her eyes up accusingly. “You’ve been doing this to me,” she said angrily. “You were here both times that it happened. The only way you could know about it is if you’re the cause. You weren’t in your bed last night, I checked. It must be you.”
“No, no,” replied Selina waving her hands defensively. “It’s not me. Listen to me. One person from each generation of the family inherits the gift of being able to shape-shift into animal form. For some reason it skipped your mum’s generation, but you have it. Out of all your cousins it’s you that’s inherited the gene. I should know, I have it too.” Selina paused to see if her words were sinking in. “That’s why I wasn’t in my bed last night. I was out shape-shifting.”
Clara’s mind was buzzing. This was really confusing. She couldn’t understand why her aunt was saying such bewildering things to her. She shook her head slowly from side to side in denial. This is a nightmare. She just wanted her aunt to shut up and leave her alone. Her aunt seemed to sense Clara’s unspoken desire.
“I understand how you feel Clara. I was in your shoes once. It’s a lot to take in. Unfortunately, there’s a bit more you need to know and then I promise I’ll leave you in peace to mull things over. You see our gift is to shape-shift, however, since your four times great aunt the gift also comes with a curse. The curse is the source of your sleeping problems as it forces us to shape-shift on the three nights of the full moon and only on those nights. Your sleep problems only occur on those three nights, don’t they?”
Clara shrugged, not trusting herself to speak. Aunt Selina gently patted Clara on the leg.
“I’ll leave you in peace to process things for a while,” said Selina. “I’m going to make a cup of tea. I’ll be downstairs if you want to talk more.” And with that Selina stood up and walked slowly over to the door. She gave her niece one last concerned glance before leaving and quietly pulling the door closed behind her.
Clara numbly watched her aunt go. She was in shock from the whole conversation. Was her aunt crazy? Clara sent her mind back to the first time she’d suffered with the sleeplessness. It had occurred for three nights, and she remembered that there had been a full moon.
She also thought about her aunt’s empty bed the night before and the reason why she had sought her aunt out in the first place. But it all seemed ludicrous in the cold light of day. Shape-shifting and curses, such nonsense!  It was much more likely that her aunt was playing some kind of cruel trick on her, although Clara had no idea why she would.
Clara sighed. Was this all a dream? A waking nightmare? Her bedroom seemed to have become hazy and unreal. Then she almost jumped out of her skin as Peter barged in.
“We’re home,” he announced loudly. “Mum wants you to come downstairs.”  And with that he ran back out again.

***

Clara deliberately avoided being alone with her aunt for the rest of the day. Later that night, lying wide awake in bed and listening to the noises of the slumbering house, her mind kept running over and over her afternoon conversation with her great aunt.
Curiosity finally getting the better of her, Clara slipped out of bed and tiptoed across the corridor to her aunt’s bedroom. Pushing the door open, Clara crept over to her aunt’s bed and found it to be empty once more. Where was her aunt? Clara wondered. She crept downstairs and checked the living room and the kitchen. They were in darkness, her aunt nowhere to be seen.
Puzzled, Clara went back to her bedroom and over to her window. Pushing open the curtains she gazed up into a dark, brooding sky of thick, turbulent cloud, which seemed to perfectly match her mood. A brief break in the clouds, however, revealed a momentary glimpse of the bright face of a full moon. Clara gasped. 
She was turning away from the window when, out of the corner of her eye, she caught sight of movement under the trees. She thought she could make out the golden retriever dog trotting along the path. Could it be her aunt? No, surely not. Feeling a chill trickling down her spine at the thought, Clara shivered convulsively, and crawled back under her warm, welcoming duvet. 
Wriggling down, she realised that what her aunt had told her in the afternoon had frightened her more than anything else, and she wasn’t sure if the fear was because she thought her aunt was crazy or because, deep down, Clara suspected that what her aunt had told her could be true.

Chapter Three


After a restless, almost sleepless night, Clara was so out of sorts in the morning that her mum bundled her up and took her to the Doctor’s surgery for an emergency appointment. The doctor poked and prodded Clara and asked questions, shone a light in her eyes and ears, checked her temperature and drew some blood to send off for testing. She concluded that there was probably no need for concern as the symptoms were pretty common in pre-teenagers, and that Clara would simply grow out of them at some point. They left the surgery with a promise that if anything came up in the blood test results the surgery would let them know.
Back at home this information was shared and discussed with Clara’s dad and her great aunt while Clara went back to her room for a nap.
The whole family came together a little later for lunch and afterwards Selina proposed going for a walk.
“That’s a good idea,” said Clara’s mum. “Clara, why don’t you go too? You could probably do with some fresh air and exercise.”
Clara demurred saying that she had homework to do and that she felt too tired, but her parents wouldn’t be put off and, before she knew what was happening, she found herself being ushered into her coat and scarf and out of the door, which was shut firmly behind her.
Clara nervously followed her aunt down the alleyway at the side of the house and into the woods.
The woodland at the back of her street was unfamiliar territory to Clara; she wasn’t encouraged by her parents to come into the woods. She shivered now at the alien sounds of the rustling leaves and the cracking twigs. She kept thinking that she was seeing things moving through the brush out of the corner of her eye. It somehow reminded her of her nightmares, and she had to talk sternly to herself to avoid reaching out and catching her aunt’s hand for reassurance while they travelled deeper into the gloom.
They entered a small clearing and Selina stopped and contemplated it.
“This will do nicely,” she said cheerfully, and Clara jumped because even though her aunt had used her normal speaking voice, it sounded loud in the small clearing. 
“Now,” started Aunt Selina. “I want to tell you the full story of your great-great-great-great-aunt and the Gypsy curse.”
Clara felt goose bumps come up on her arms and the hairs on the back of her neck prickled. 
“It was the mid-nineteenth century, so over one hundred and sixty years ago, when your ancestor was a girl,” Selina squinted at Clara. “Probably only a couple of years older than you. Her name was Clara, too and she was a very gifted young lady. She had the ability to shape-shift into any animal she liked, and she could communicate with animals. She was so gifted, in fact, that not only could she communicate with them, but she also had influence over them. She could affect their behaviour. And she could do this in her animal form or her human form. There hasn’t been anyone in the family as talented as her, before or since.”
Clara listened to her aunt warily.
“The village where Clara lived was a happy, busy little place until one summer they were plagued by death. It started with the mysterious deaths and disappearances of chickens and other small animals. Then some stray cats and dogs’ bodies were found around the village. The deaths took place during the night over a number of weeks and one night a whole flock of sheep was wiped out. When the farmer discovered the dead sheep, he was furious and the news about the sheep soon spread throughout the village. All of the villagers became suspicious and distrusting of one another. One day a rumour sprang up that the Gypsies that were camped outside the village were the cause of the problems. This, in turn, made the Gypsies angry as they denied that they’d anything to do with it.”
Selina paused for a moment while she thought about the next part of the story.
“Your ancestor was aware of the animal deaths and had not ignored them. She had been going out each night, in animal form, to prowl the village and nearby fields to try and catch the person or thing that was responsible for the deaths and prevent further deaths from occurring. While out and about she communicated with the Gypsies dogs and discovered that the Gypsies were not to blame for the deaths. But whatever was responsible was cunning as she couldn’t catch it in the act or discover any clues as to who or what it was. 
In order to prove that they weren’t involved, the Gypsies had mounted their own search for the killer. Clara had been lucky enough to avoid contact with the Gypsies when she was out and about at night until one night an old Gypsy woman caught her in the act of transforming back from animal to human form. The Gypsy woman accused Clara of being the animal killer and wouldn’t listen to Clara’s denial. In punishment for Clara’s perceived crimes the Gypsy woman cursed her. The Gypsies then disappeared. Clara subsequently found out that the curse prevented her from changing from human to animal form at will.”
“Wait, the curse stopped Clara from changing into animals?” asked Clara in confusion.
“The curse stopped her changing into animals at will,” clarified her aunt. “Unfortunately, the curse forced your ancestor to change into animal form for three nights every month under the light of a full moon. It was intended to make life very difficult for Clara and ensure that she never forgot who cursed her or why. And it worked well. Eventually she retired, alone, to a cottage in the woods and lived an extremely quiet life. The animal deaths stopped soon after the Gypsies left, and the cause was never identified. And that was that.” Selina paused and rubbed her hands together to warm them up.
“So,” she said. “Every month for three nights one member of each generation of our family has reverted to animal form, just as Clara did, and soon it’ll be you.”
“What do you think caused the deaths of the animals?” Clara asked.
“It’s difficult to say after all this time,” replied Selina. “Maybe it was some kind of animal flu, like the bird flu, or maybe the animals were all drinking or eating something that was poisonous. It’s possible that one of the villagers was killing the animals for some nefarious reason and they were never caught.”
“Oh,” said Clara, thinking about the possibilities. “Why did the curse make life so difficult for Clara?” 
Selina sighed, “Because she had no control over it. Up until that point she could choose when to transform and she could’ve chosen not to transform at all if she wanted to. The curse took that choice away from her. For reasons we’ll discuss at a later date she had to keep her gift a secret from her family and that was much more difficult to do for those three nights of the full moon when she had no control over the transformation. She couldn’t go on holiday, couldn’t get married, or have a family of her own. She had to make a lot of excuses which, believe me, becomes tiresome. It was easier for her, for us, to live alone, where we can please ourselves and not have to lie or make excuses to anyone”.
Clara was horrified. “So if I have the curse that’s what I have to look forward to?”
Aunt Selina looked at her niece sadly for a moment and then lifted her hand to gently stroke Clara’s face. 
“It’s not all bad,” she said comfortingly and smiled. “After all, think of all the adventures you can have in animal form.”
Clara felt her throat close up. Her hands clenched into fists and she started to shake. Tears welled and slowly trickled down her cheeks. 
“I don’t want it,” she blurted angrily. “I didn’t ask for it and I don’t want it.” And with that she ran away, swiftly disappearing into the trees, leaving her aunt shocked and speechless in her wake.
Clara wasn’t much aware of her short journey home but when she arrived there Clara ignored her parents’ questions about her walk and where her aunt was, and went running straight up to her bedroom, slamming the door and flinging herself onto the bed. She was sobbing, her face buried in her pillow, repeating to herself over and over, “I won’t have it. I won’t have it. I won’t have it. I won’t have it.” She carried on repeating it until she eventually fell into an exhausted sleep, lying on top of her duvet, and with her coat and shoes still on.
She was completely unaware of her aunt’s return to the house, or of the conference, which took place in the kitchen between her parents and her aunt, resulting in her aunt’s departure from the house early the next morning.
Clara came downstairs late the next day to find her aunt gone and her parents being overly solicitous and smothering. Feeling both irritated by their attention but also guilty about being the cause of such concern, Clara spent much of the day alone in her room, miserably reviewing her disastrous conversation with her aunt.
Exhausted by the effect of her aunt’s visit, Clara slept peacefully and thoroughly that night and was ready for school the next day. But, buried in the dark recesses of her mind, was a niggling fear of what would happen in four weeks’ time when the full moon returned.

   
Chapter Four


It was oppressively dark and freezing. She was completely alone. Clara was frightened. She felt vulnerable. She found herself running through grass that was taller than her, pushing it out of the way, trying to find cover and safety, a deep burrow that would protect and hide her. Her heart was thumping. She tried to make her legs move faster. It seemed to be taking an age to go even a short distance. The harder she ran the further from safety she became. Then she heard a noise that almost paralysed her... 
“Screech.”  An owl. She was no longer alone.
Too close, it’s too close. Her heart pumped faster. Need to hide, need to get under cover. She ran on and on, occasionally switching direction in an attempt to deceive the predator. Then she felt the air bearing down on her, heard the sound of beating wings behind her, felt huge sharp claws closing around her body and squeezing the breath out of her and then ...
Clara woke up in her bed screaming. She was covered in sweat, her duvet in a heap on the floor. Her bedroom door was flung open and the room was suddenly filled with blinding, comforting light. Her parents were both there hugging her and asking what was wrong. But Clara couldn’t speak for sobbing. Her mum held her and rocked her and stroked her hair until the heaving sobs passed and she started to calm down.
Her mum pulled away from Clara and gently wiped her face with a tissue.
“What happened?” she asked.
“I had a … a nightmare,” said Clara shakily. “It was really realistic. I was being chased.” And Clara hiccupped and gave another little sob.
Her mum pulled her into another hug and rubbed her back soothingly.
“I’m so sorry, honey, do you feel better now?” she asked.
Clara nodded. The absolute terror she’d felt on wakening had faded and although she felt shaky, she wanted to be alone to think about what had just happened.
 “Okay,” said her mum, gently stroking Clara’s fringe out of her eyes. “We’ll leave the landing light on and your door open just in case. Sleep well, darling.” Her mum kissed her on the top of her head and rose, leaving Clara alone. 
Clara lay back down, pulling the duvet up to her chin. She’d been dreading this night for the last four weeks. She stared over at her window and saw bright fingers of light from the full moon creeping around the edges of her curtains. She closed her eyes tightly as if to will the moon away. She could still feel tremors from the aftermath of the nightmare running through her body.
This nightmare had been much worse than the ones she’d previously experienced. The previous ones had been frightening in a nebulous way whereas this nightmare was completely vivid. With her eyes tightly closed, Clara felt she could almost be back in the dream, out in the dark, vulnerable and terrorised once more. Shuddering, Clara opened her eyes and stared at the shadows on the ceiling made by the light streaming in from the hall. Her eyes swam with tears that, when she blinked, spilled out onto her pillow. She didn’t think she could stand another night like this. Clara started to sob silently at the thought of this happening for three nights of every month.
She’d deliberately avoided thinking about her conversations with her aunt over the last four weeks. She’d simply reasoned that there was no point in dwelling on it because shape-shifting and curses didn’t exist.
Despite her efforts to push them away, however, the memories had crept into her consciousness over the few days as the threat of the approaching full moon began to realise. When she went to bed every night, she repeated the mantra “Shape-shifting doesn’t exist. Curses don’t exist. I am not special. I don’t have a gift.” 
She had even broached the subject with her mum when her mum had asked her why she was being so quiet.
“Do you believe in curses, Mum?” Clara had asked.
“Of course not, sweetheart,” Her mum had responded. “Why do you ask?”
“Err,” replied Clara. “Just … a book we’re reading at school. It got me thinking that’s all”.
“Hmm,” her mum said, wondering what on earth the school thought they were doing giving the children books about curses. She made a mental note to bring it up with Clara’s teacher at the next opportunity.
Clara wasn’t sure why she’d not told her parents about what she and Selina had discussed. Perhaps, she thought, she didn’t want to get her aunt into trouble. Or maybe, a little voice in the back of her head said, You don’t want to burn your bridges, just in case.
Despite the conversation with her mum, Clara had continued to grow more anxious as the week had progressed. By the time she’d gone to bed this evening, she’d been a bundle of nerves. She’d repeated her mantra over and over until she felt calm enough to drift off to sleep. But that’s when the nightmare had occurred.
Now, listening to her dad’s gentle snores from down the hallway, Clara suddenly longed for Great‑Aunt Selina’s company. She loved her aunt, even without considering the potential connection the two of them shared. Clara thought that the only person who would understand what she was now going through would be Aunt Selina. And maybe … yes, she remembered her aunt saying that she knew a way to manage the nightmares and the sleeplessness. Maybe she did. Maybe Clara should give her aunt the benefit of the doubt in this at least. The other stuff, like the shape-shifting, well, that was a different matter. But, she thought desperately, I need to get through the next two nights.
With this thought Clara felt a little less hopeless. A little less lonely. She’d call her great aunt in the morning, she decided. First thing. She’d apologise for her terrible behaviour and would ask her aunt to come right away. Clara nodded to herself. Yes, that’s what she’d do. And with that, Clara turned over, closed her eyes, and started to count down the minutes until dawn.

***

As it happened, Selina had been anticipating Clara’s call and was already packed and eager to come for a visit. After confirming that Clara’s parents supported Clara’s wishes, albeit warily, Selina took the early train and arrived at Clara’s house before lunchtime. As Clara’s mum had held her back from school for the day to keep an eye on her, Clara was home to welcome her aunt when she arrived.
After they’d eaten their lunch Selina invited Clara out for a walk. Clara’s mum, who had been dubious about whether the visit was a good idea but had conceded in the face of her daughter’s eagerness, looked pensive at Selina’s suggestion. She was clearly remembering what had happened the last time Clara and Selina had gone for a walk. But Clara enthusiastically agreed with her aunt’s suggestion. 
They walked companionably down the alley at the side of the house and into the woods.
While they were walking, Clara told her aunt about the nightmare.
She was finishing her story as they entered the clearing that they’d found on their previous visit and Selina stopped. Clara turned to her aunt and was startled by her troubled expression.
“What’s the matter?” Clara asked.
Selina schooled her expression and smiled brightly at Clara. “Nothing, dear. Nothing at all. I was concentrating on what you were telling me, that’s all.”
Clara frowned. She wasn’t convinced that her aunt was being completely truthful, and she opened her mouth to say so when her aunt spoke again.
“We don’t have much time for you to study your defensive techniques today, so we need to get on with it. You don’t want to have nightmares again tonight, do you?” And Selina turned in the clearing and then strolled over to a rock and sat down with a “Humph.”
Clara followed her aunt over to the rock.
“Now,” said Selina, putting her hands on her knees. “Time for a quick lesson on the shape-shifting transition and why you’re having trouble sleeping, and then we can start to prepare you for this evening’s full moon. The shape-shifter gene activates in the pre-teen years, usually between the ages of ten and thirteen. The signs that the gene has activated are the occurrence of one or more of the following symptoms.” And Selina counted the symptoms on her fingers. “One, the nightmares. Two, the sleeplessness and three, hearing voices. You seem to be having all three symptoms, which suggests a potentially powerful transition. These symptoms can be experienced for anything up to nine months before a full transformation occurs. Again, this differs from person to person. The average length is eight months. It took me seven months, for instance,” Selina smiled slightly, her eyes focused inwards on a distant memory. “When a youngster starts to display the symptoms there’s almost always an older family member, who also has the gift, who can recognise the signs and support and guide the youngster through the process. I have lots to teach you, Clara, but you’ll be pleased to hear we’re not going to do it all today.” And Selina caught up both of Clara’s hands and gave them a little shake before carrying on. “Today I want to focus on closing your mind to external influences and later, when you go to bed, practising ancient relaxation techniques to prevent the nightmares and voices. And there’s even a chance that you’ll get enough sleep to not turn into a zombie by morning.” And Selina smiled brightly at Clara. “Now, before we get started, I’m sure you have questions?”
Clara’s mind was buzzing. She had a million questions. But she also needed to get something straight with her great aunt first.
“I have to say Aunt Selina, I’m still not sure that I believe in all of this shape-shifting malarkey. I just want to be able to sleep without worrying about nightmares, and I want to stop hearing strange voices.” Clara held her breath, watching her aunt closely to assess her reaction.
Selina looked back at Clara. She chewed on her lip a little as she thought about how to respond. “Fair enough, Clara,” she said, finally. “I appreciate your honesty and I only ask that you keep an open mind.”
Clara nodded. She thought she could do that.
“So,” said Selina. “What are your questions?”
“Does it only affect girls?” asked Clara.
“No,” replied Selina glancing up at the trees. “Not really. Although, it has only been passed down to females since your great-great-great-great-aunt was cursed.” And Selina shrugged. “I don’t know if there’s a connection there or if it’s a coincidence.”
“You said that because I have all three symptoms that I might have a powerful transition,” said Clara. “What did you mean by that?”
“Well,” replied Selina. “Remember I told you that Clara was particularly talented? That no one has been as gifted as her either before or since?”
Clara nodded.
“She had what we call a full transition and that’s why she was so gifted. It doesn’t happen to everybody who inherits the gene. Much like any other skill, there are those of us who are extremely gifted and those who are less so. There have been ancestors who have only had a mild transition of the gift and who have only been able to transform into the most basic of creatures, and they have not had any of the other abilities.” Selina paused. “There are others, like Clara, who have been able to change into a huge variety of creatures and been able to communicate with animals and affect their behaviour to varying degrees. There’s no pattern to it and no telling who will have a full transition and who won’t. For myself, I’m about average. I can change into a variety of creatures, but I have my limitations. I’m able to sense animals nearby but have never been able to influence them.” 
There was a moment of silence as Clara absorbed this information before moving on to her next question.
“Why me?” she asked. “How does the gene decide what person to activate in?”  
Selina shook her head and sighed. “I don’t know the answer to that one, Clara. I’m sorry,” and she spayed her hands out in a helpless gesture. 
“You said last time that there’s a person in each generation that gets the gene but that it missed mum’s generation. Do you know why?” Clara asked.
Selina shook her head, “Not really,” she said. “It could be cyclical. It could be something to do with a pre-existing affinity with animals. My theory, though, is that it has to do with increasing life spans. I think, you see, that when a person with the gene gets older a survival instinct in the gene causes it to activate in a young person of about the right age, in order to ensure that the gene survives and continues. Back in your four times great aunt’s day the average life expectancy was low enough that this meant an activation in every generation. When your mum and her sister were your age, I was only in my thirties and still had a long and full life ahead of me, so the gene didn’t activate,” Selina shrugged. “As I said, that’s just my theory.”
Clara thought about what her aunt had told her. It’s not fair that it happened to me, why couldn’t one of my cousins have had the gene activated? Clara sighed. She had another question but was hesitant, somewhat afraid of the answer.
“Has anyone... ?” she started, and then paused.
“Yes, dear?” Selina asked encouragingly.
“Has anyone tried to break the curse?” Clara blurted out. 
Selina tilted her head at her niece, “Clara tried, of course,” her aunt said quietly. “I think everyone who has inherited the curse has thought about it or tried at some point in their lives to break it. But no one has been successful.”
“Did you try?” Clara asked.
“I looked into it briefly when I was younger,” her aunt replied, hesitantly. “But based on what I learnt about my ancestor’s attempts, it seemed hopeless, so I decided not to dwell on it and to get on with living my life instead.” Selina saw a look of disgust pass over her niece’s face. “You see,” Selina went on. “My aunt, the one who mentored me when I developed the gift, spent her whole life obsessing about the curse and, when she failed to make any progress with it, it made her miserable. That’s not the life I chose for myself and I wouldn’t recommend it for you either.”
But Selina seemed unable to maintain eye contact with Clara and, once again, Clara suspected that her aunt wasn’t sharing everything she knew. 
Selina decided it was time to change the subject before Clara could ask any more questions about the curse.

Chapter Five


“Well, we can’t stay out here all day. It’s too cold. Let’s get on, shall we?” Selina stood up and wandered slowly around the clearing. “The whispering voices that you hear on the three nights of the full moon are the thoughts of animals nearby. Wherever you are, Clara, including in your house, you’re always surrounded by animals. Insects, rodents, cats and dogs, birds, all sorts. Given that hearing voices is one of your symptoms, one of the aspects of your gift, when it’s fully developed, is likely to be the ability to link with those animals and understand what they’re thinking, and what they’re feeling. You’ll likely be able to anticipate their desires and needs for the three nights of the full moon and probably during the daytime too. As your gift strengthens towards a full transformation, you’ll find the voices become more numerous and they’ll be louder and clearer. We need to practise closing your mind to the voices otherwise you’ll be constantly exposed to it over those three days and it’ll drive you to distraction.” And Selina rolled her eyes expressively. Clara listened to her aunt, albeit somewhat sceptically.
“Now,” said Selina looking about her again. “Clara, I want you to look around and tell me about the animals that you can see.”
Okay, thought Clara. That doesn’t seem too strange a request. Clara peered around and up into the trees.
“I can’t see any animals,” she shrugged.
Selina nodded, “Okay,” she said. “Now I want you to listen hard and tell me if you can hear any animals.” Clara stared off into the trees and listened hard. Over the distant sound of traffic, she heard... 
“A dog, in the estate somewhere, barking,” she said.
“Very good,” said Selina. “Anything else?”
“Some kind of birds, chirping,” said Clara.
“Yes, I can hear them too,” said Selina. “Right, this time I want you to close your eyes and open up your mind and tell me about the animals you can sense.”
Clara frowned slightly, not quite understanding what Selina wanted her to do, but she closed her eyes as instructed.
“Can you feel anything?” Selina asked.
“Nope,” responded Clara.
“Keep trying,” said Selina. “Empty your mind of thought. Imagine your brain literally being open to nature, to the air. Try taking some deep breaths to relax yourself.”
Feeling silly, Clara breathed deeply once, and then again, and tried to picture her mind opening up. She was starting to feel dizzy from all of the deep breathing when...
“I can feel something,” said Clara.
“Don’t force it,” said Selina. “Don’t chase it. Relax, and let it come to you.”
Clara breathed deeply once more, lowering her shoulders and trying to stay relaxed. She really did feel something, a presence, no, more than one. Distant heart beats. Nebulous thoughts drifting in and out of her mind, like a pile of leaves snatched up by a playful breeze. When she tried to, though, she couldn’t focus on any individual presence clearly.
“You’re picking up on animal life that is close by,” said Selina quietly. “When you have practised some more, you’ll be able to identify all of the different types of animals and you’ll be able to understand them – understand what they’re thinking.”
As Clara listened to what her aunt was saying her mind closed and she lost the link. She opened her eyes.
“That was very weird,” Clara said, excitedly. “Amazing, impossible, and definitely weird.” And she closed her eyes, eager to try it again.
“This is an exercise that you need to practice as often as you can,” Aunt Selina said. “Because with practice comes proficiency.  But don’t be silly about it. I don’t want you getting run over because you’re practising while crossing the road.”
Clara blinked and peered at her aunt to see if she was joking but Selina’s expression was completely serious.
“Right,” said Clara slowly and then she closed her eyes again in concentration.
“Also, no practising at school,” said Selina pointedly. “I don’t want to hear that you’re not concentrating on your lessons or your homework. If I do then your training with me will cease until your grades improve. Do you understand?”
“Mm-hmm,” said Clara distractedly, she was focusing on the animals that were back in her mind.
“Okay,” said Selina after a while. “Do you think you’re getting the hang of it?”
Clara nodded. She revelled in the feeling of so many creatures being open to her. It was as if the trees and bushes had all disappeared and she was standing in the centre of a group of shadowy animal forms who were all talking to her. She couldn’t perceive individuals, animals or voices, merely a constant buzz of conversation. As Clara relaxed into it the forms became more numerous and the buzz became louder. Then, instead of feeling weird, Clara felt completely natural, as if she’d been waiting for this her whole life. She didn’t realise it, but she was smiling. Selina smiled back. I think she’s starting to believe, she thought smugly to herself.
“Right then,” said Selina. “It’s time for your second lesson.”
Clara opened her eyes and frowned, unhappy with the interruption. Selina laughed.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “You’ll have plenty of opportunities to practise when I’ve gone home. For now, we need to help you get some rest tonight.”  Clara reluctantly nodded.
“I’m going to show you another skill that you can practise after I’ve gone,” said Selina. “It’s the opposite of what we’ve been practising so far. The second lesson is the ability to block out animal thought. To switch them off and give you the peace to get some sleep. Are you ready?”  Clara nodded.
“What I want you to do is to open your mind to animals as we’ve just done, but then I want you to consciously shut them out again. Picture your brain closing to them – put up a barrier in your mind between you and them.”
“Okay,” said Clara. She closed her eyes and opened up her mind. She was getting quite good at it now and the animal thoughts came quickly to her. She revelled once again in their variety and number but then remembered the task she’d been set, so she pictured a wall being built in the front of her mind. She built it brick by brick in her mind’s eye. The effect of it was muted. The noise was still there, only now it was muffled by the barrier. 
Clara squeezed her eyes tightly and concentrated harder, building a second wall within the first and then a third in front of that. Eventually the noise ceased, and Clara could no longer feel any presence in her mind other than her own. She opened her eyes and let out a whoosh of breath that she hadn’t realised she’d been holding.
“How did you do?” Selina asked.
“Not too good at first,” said Clara. “But then I managed it eventually.”
“Practice, practice, practice,” said Selina, tapping Clara on the shoulder to emphasise each word. “It’s extremely important that when you go to bed you consciously close your mind to the presence of animals; only then will you be able to get the best conditions to initiate sleep. Now, try it again.”
Clara closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and started the cycle again. Opening her mind to the creatures nearby and then closing it again. After her third attempt, her head was throbbing from all the effort. She was tired and tense and the throbbing was turning into a headache. Clara pressed her cold fingers against her temples for relief.
Seeing Clara’s weariness, Selina squeezed Clara’s shoulders. “Well done, Clara,” she said. “You’ve done marvellously today. But I think that’s enough for now. We’ll go through the exercise again one more time when you go to bed and we’ll see if it works, okay?”
Clara nodded numbly. Her brain felt like it’d been trampled by a herd of elephants. She rolled her shoulders to loosen them and slowly rolled her head to release tension. She took another couple of slow, deep breaths, concentrating on the feeling of the cold fresh air rushing down her throat and into her lungs. It was only as they started for home, and Clara stumbled, that she noticed her toes were completely numb from the cold. She stamped them a few times to try and get the circulation going and then trudged home, thinking about what was still to come that evening.

***

Clara was getting under her duvet that night when her great aunt knocked lightly and came in, closing the door behind her.
“How are you feeling, Clara?” she asked.
“Nervous,” responded Clara. “I’ve got butterflies in my stomach.”
Selina smiled, “How is your head?”
“It’s okay,” Clara replied. She’d gone to her room on returning home that afternoon and had a nap. When she woke her brain was feeling back to its regular size, if still a little sensitive to loud noises, like her brother, yelling at her to come down for dinner.
“Well,” said Selina. “We’ll have you relaxed and slumbering before you know it,” and she smiled confidently. “Okay, Clara. Now, I want you lie back, close your eyes and relax. Take a few deep breaths and let’s see what’s going on inside your head.” And Selina tapped Clara’s forehead gently.
Clara lay down and wriggled until she was comfortable, closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. With each exhale she felt a small bit of tension releasing from her body. And with each breath she became more aware of the mental presence of animals entering her consciousness. It felt to her like maybe they’d been there all along, simmering in the recesses of her sub-conscious mind, but with each relaxing breath they were freed to spread out across her entire consciousness. Clara gasped at the speed and strength of it in her mind. Her own consciousness was being swallowed up in the tumult and it frightened her. Her chest tightened. She couldn’t breathe. Clara flung her arms up, opened her eyes wide and sat up abruptly, taking heaving breaths to get air back into her lungs.
Selina, startled by her niece’s particularly strong reaction, put her arms around Clara and stroked her back, while murmuring soothing things.
“It’s all right,” her aunt murmured. “You’re safe. You are home and you’re safe. I won’t let anything happen to you.”  Shaking slightly, but feeling a little better, Clara pulled away from her aunt’s embrace.
“What happened to me?” she wailed quietly.
“I’m sorry, Clara,” Selina said. “I should’ve warned you, but it’s so early in your transition I didn’t expect such a strong reaction. It’s the second night of the full moon, you see. It’s the most powerful night out of the three. The strength of it can feel overwhelming if you aren’t prepared for it.” And Selina gently brushed Clara’s fringe out of her eyes.
“Maybe we should skip the first step and go straight to closing your mind instead,” said Selina and she nodded encouragingly to Clara, pushing her gently back down against the pillows.
Clara resisted. She was still a little frightened, and wary of closing her eyes in case it happened again.
“Trust me, Clara,” insisted Selina. “You did it fine this afternoon when we were in the woods. Remember to build a strong, thick wall in your mind. Visualise its strength and solidity. Concentrate on the wall, and not on the animals that the wall is blocking out. It’ll work, I promise.”
Clara looked into her aunt’s eyes and saw belief and confidence reflected back in them. She took a deep breath, nodded to her aunt, and closed her eyes once more. I can do this, she thought to herself, I can do this. As quickly as she could, she focused on the foundations of a solid, red brick wall, five bricks deep. She concentrated on laying one brick on top of another, conscious that the presence she was trying to block out was malevolently prodding and poking at the wall, trying to find weaknesses that it could seep through. She could feel the presence gaining in strength and threatening to knock down the wall she was building, but she kept on methodically laying brick after brick making the tallest and thickest wall she could imagine.
Selina watched her niece’s internal battle with concern. She saw perspiration develop on Clara’s forehead, and the girl twitched occasionally as if rebuffing an attack. After a few minutes, though, Clara’s body began to relax and her breathing deepened. The girl sighed and opened her eyes, smiling slightly at her aunt.
“I’ve done it,” she whispered proudly.
Selina smiled. “Good girl,” she said encouragingly. “The last step is to instigate a fully relaxed meditative state. It takes years of practise to master the technique, so I’m going to help you along by massaging your pressure points. What I want you to do is concentrate on your breathing. It needs to be slow and steady but relaxed. Don’t force it in any way, let it come naturally, but focus all of your attention on it. Do you understand?”
“I think so,” replied Clara.
“Okay,” said Selina in a calm hushed voice. “Close your eyes and relax. Breathe in, and out. In, and out. In, and out.” Clara focused on her breathing as requested but couldn’t help, at first, being aware of her aunt’s fingers pressing on various points on her face and head. The massage was following a repetitive pattern and, after a while, she stopped noticing it. She was aware of her breath, and of her body feeling heavier and heavier, until she drifted off to sleep.
Selina continued to massage Clara’s pressure points until she was sure the girl was fully asleep. She then stayed and watched Clara sleeping for a while. Clara seemed relaxed, the tension and anxiety lines gone. Selina sighed quietly. The strength and speed of Clara’s transition had surprised her a couple of times today. Clara was way behind where she should’ve been in her lessons, based on the pace of her transition, and Selina felt a terrible guilt for her niece’s suffering. She couldn’t change where they were at, however, she could only hope that she’d done enough today and tonight for the child to get some rest. She wished she could stay longer and keep an eye on Clara, to make sure, but she had her own needs to attend to. 
Selina quietly left Clara’s bedroom. She closed the door softly behind her and then placed her hand on it and whispered, “Sleep well, child,” before turning away.

    
Chapter Six


Clara woke in the early hours of the next morning feeling almost normal. She’d slept for about six hours. She’d dreamt during the night, vivid dreams, but not violent or frightening ones. She’d dreamt that she was in the middle of a crowd of nebulous forms, as if standing on the platform of a busy train station, but the crowd were not human, they were animals. Their voices sounded strange and unfamiliar, but their presence was not malevolent, it was comforting. Like they were accepting her as one of them.
When she woke, Clara wanted to go straight to her aunt’s room and tell her about the dreams but she knew that her aunt would be sleeping off a late night, so instead she dressed and went downstairs to watch TV, until she heard her brother and her parents stirring.
She went through to the kitchen for breakfast in a good mood. She wondered what animal her aunt had changed into and how she’d slipped in and out of the house during the night. She shook her head wryly. She still didn’t quite believe in shape-shifting and wouldn’t until she could see it with her own eyes.  Still, she was keen to learn more about it if it meant being able to get more sleep. 
After breakfast, she went out to meet up with Sinead to pass the time and spend a couple of hours talking about normal stuff with her friend. Sinead was full of curiosity, though, about why Clara hadn’t been to school the day before and Clara stuttered through a story about a stomach upset as a result of something she’d eaten. She didn’t like lying to her friend but couldn’t somehow bring herself to tell Sinead the truth. After all the truth still seemed impossible to her, she had no idea how it would sound to someone who hadn’t suffered the experiences that she had.
Clara had always been a truthful soul. She never rebelled against or disobeyed her parents or felt it necessary to lie about anything, unless it was to avoid hurting someone’s feelings. She found it difficult, therefore, to lie now. She blushed and stuttered her way through the lie, unable to meet Sinead’s eyes. While Sinead thought her friend’s behaviour was a little strange, she put it down to Clara having been poorly.
Clara was quiet for the rest of the morning. I’m going to have to get better at lying if Aunt Selina’s predictions come true. Sinead had always been the one person she could be completely honest and open with and it seemed that she was going to lose this intimacy with her one close friend.
Clara was still quiet at lunch, but the only person who seemed to notice was Aunt Selina. After her mum and brother had gone shopping and her father was watching football on the TV, Selina suggested another walk.
They trudged through the frosty woods, Clara kicking up the dead leaves in front of her, lost in her thoughts. Selina frowned. Clara had told her aunt about how much she’d slept the night before and how much better she felt, so her current low mood was concerning.
“Something troubling you, Clara?” asked Selina, putting her arm around her niece’s shoulders. “What is it?”
“Nothing,” said Clara automatically, staring at the trees ahead of them but focused inwards.
“Are you sure? You can tell me about it, you know? I won’t judge,” pressed Selina. Clara was silent for a moment then she sighed, she wanted to talk about her feelings with someone and her aunt might be the only one who would understand.
“It’s Sinead,” Clara said. “I had to lie to her about why I wasn’t in school yesterday. I didn’t like it.”
“Ah,” said Selina knowingly. “Yes, that is one of the downsides to our gift. Having to lie to our friends and family. Having to keep people at arm’s length. It’s an unfortunate necessity and I’ll explain why in a bit. But we have each other. You can always speak to me if you have a problem or you’re worried about something.”
“But what if you’re not here?” Clara wailed. 
“You can send me a letter, or call me,” said Selina.
“But I can’t text or email you?”
“No,” said Selina smiling and shaking her head. “I don’t have a mobile telephone or a computer. I’m too old for all that modern stuff. Besides, I’m told I don’t have the reception or cables or something at my house.”
Clara looked down at her feet as they continued through the trees. A short while later they entered the clearing and Aunt Selina stopped. 
“Right,” said Selina walking over to the rock and perching on it. “Would you like to hear more about your ancestors who had the gift?”
Clara nodded. She was somewhat reluctant, in case the stories brought more bad news, but at the same time she was curious to hear more.
“Okay. First of all, Clara, I want you to realise that these particular stories are told to all students in transition. You need to hear them so that you’re aware of the precarious situation you now find yourself in. If I could avoid frightening you with them I would, but unfortunately, it’s necessary for you to hear them for your own good.” Selina shook Clara’s arm to emphasise how important the stories were. Clara groaned but nodded in acknowledgement.
“The first two stories are of ancestors who had the gift before your Great Aunt Clara was cursed. The first one I’m going to tell you about is Stephen,” Selina wriggled on the rock a little to get more comfortable. “Stephen had an average transition. He accepted the gift and the responsibilities that came with it, but he’d always been a quiet lad, a bit of a loner, and as he grew older, he spent more and more time alone. Because of the gift, he was different from his neighbours and the others who lived in his village. They’d nothing in common with him, so he kept to himself. Over the years the villagers started to think of him as the ‘weird loner’. They began to avoid him, and the children of the village would tease him, calling him names and then running away, or throwing stones at his house, only leaving when he came out and shouted at them. When those children grew up and had children of their own the teasing continued and worsened. One day, Stephen completely lost control. The children had thrown a stone which had killed one of his chickens. Stephen lost his temper, transformed into a large dog in front of the children and chased them as they ran away screaming. He didn’t actually hurt them, but they had a bad fright and told their parents what happened,” Selina sighed before going on. “Of course, the parents didn’t believe that Stephen had transformed into a dog, but they did believe that he’d chased the children, and this made the villagers angry with Stephen. They held a village meeting and agreed that Stephen was dangerous, and he needed to leave. A mob of villagers descended on Stephen’s house and demanded that he go. When he refused, they dragged him out of the house and set fire to it, burning it to the ground. The villagers didn’t leave him alone until they’d escorted him several miles out of the village. Poor Stephen left with nothing but the clothes on his back.” And Selina shook her head. “There are several things we can learn from Stephen’s story, Clara. The first and most obvious is that you need to be extremely careful that you don’t do something that risks revealing your secret when something or someone makes you angry,” Selina paused for a moment to let that point sink in. “The second thing is that you need to maintain a level of what others would perceive to be normality. You need to try and avoid becoming seen as an outsider or a weirdo as it makes people frightened and suspicious. This could simply be avoided by being polite. Saying good morning to your neighbours, commenting on the weather, passing the time of day every once in a while, showing them that you’re not a threat. And lastly, do not abuse the gift that you’ve inherited. Don’t use it to frighten or threaten the innocent or, at least, the ignorant of this world as the consequences can be serious. Do you understand, Clara? It’d be one thing to defend yourself if you’re physically threatened in some way, but you need to respect the power that you have and not misuse it ... Just like a superhero,” said Selina smiling as Clara raised her eyebrows in an “are you serious?” look.
“What happened to Stephen?” asked Clara.
“I understand he went to live with his mentor and inherited his mentor’s cottage when he passed on,” replied Selina. “It was too late for Stephen to change his ways, but when it came time, he made sure that his mentee was well informed of the dangers of the gift. And that’s how Stephen’s story has been passed down ever since.”
Clara nodded. It was a lot to take in. It’s just stories, she thought to herself. Albeit ones her aunt had never told her before.
“The next ancestor I’m going to tell you about is Martin,” Selina continued. “Now, Martin had an affinity with animals from a very young age. He was one of those types that are always bringing wild animals home to pet or take care of if they’re injured. Frogs, newts, birds, rabbits, you name it and he possessed it at some point or other, much to the dismay of his parents. Martin was delighted when he found out that he’d inherited the gift. He spent as much time as he could out in the fields and woods transforming into animals and interacting with them. It got to the point where he began neglecting his duties at home. He’d disappear for days on end, returning confused and distant. His mentor was concerned about the amount of time he spent transforming and tried to persuade Martin to spend more time at home, with his family and other people, but it was to no avail. Each time he saw Martin the boy became more and more distant until one day he didn’t come home at all. His panicked family organised searches of the nearby fields, rivers and woods but no sign of him was ever found, except for a small pile of his clothes. His family assumed that he’d drowned or been killed by vagrants with his body never to be found. His mentor was the only one who knew that Martin had likely transformed into animal form and then forgot that he was a human and never transformed back. He’d fully embraced the transformations, going deep into the animal psyche and taking on the animals’ instincts to the point that he effectively became the animal permanently.” Selina paused and blew warm air onto her fingers, rubbing her hands together to warm them while she let Clara digest this new tale. 
“I don’t understand,” said Clara, frowning. “How did he forget that he was human?”
“He was spending days on end in animal form,” responded Selina. “He was going to sleep in animal form and waking up in animal form. Presumably, he was hunting and feeding in animal form too. You see, when we transform, we essentially become an animal so the animal’s instincts, and thoughts and feelings, want to become dominant. When you’re transforming you need to be aware of this and make sure that you don’t lose your human consciousness. Make sure that you always know that you’re a human in animal form and that it’s temporary. Don’t transform for long periods of time. If you do you could lose yourself and become the animal that you’ve transformed into.”
Clara shuddered, and rubbed her chest which felt tight with anxiety. “Oh,” she said faintly trying to imagine what it would be like to lose herself like that.
“The third and final lesson, for today,” went on Selina. “Is a tragedy that happened after the curse. It was to a lady called Emily. She would’ve been my great aunt.” 
With a sense of dread Clara thought, “would have been?” But she remained silent.
“Emily was not happy to find out that she’d inherited the ability to shape-shift. She thought it was beneath her. She refused to accept it and fought the gift and curse, from day one. Of course she was forced to transform by the curse on the nights of the full  moon, but she didn’t listen to her mentor’s advice on how to make it as easy as possible on herself, and she was almost insane from the voices and the nightmares and the lack of sleep. She moaned and whined during the transition period about how ill she was, and her family engaged doctor after doctor to find out what was wrong with her, to no avail. When she finally transformed, against her will, she was furious. Every month on the three nights of the full moon she’d fight and fight the curse until it eventually took over and then, in animal form, she’d fight and fight until she could become human again. She became known as an angry and miserable young woman. Also, against her mentor’s advice, she refused to leave the house on the nights that she transformed and would, therefore, transform in her bedroom. On one of these occasions her family had visitors staying in the house for the weekend. It so happened that the visit occurred during a full moon. And one of the visitors passed by Emily’s bedroom late in the evening and was concerned by the moaning and groaning noises that were coming from inside. They chose to go into the room to check on Emily, right at the moment that she transformed into a rat. The visitor, shocked and unable to comprehend what they’d seen, screamed, picked up a coal shovel from the fireplace and chased the rat around the room until they’d caught and killed it.” 
Clara’s blood drained from her face and she started to see spots in front of her eyes. Selina quickly stood up and pushed Clara down on the rock, her head down to her knees.
“It’s okay, Clara. Breathe,” said Selina anxiously. “Just breathe. It’ll get better in a minute.” And Clara breathed deeply, waiting for her vision to return to normal. After a few minutes the spots disappeared. Clara sat up slowly. She was visibly shaking. Selina gathered her up into a warm, squishy hug, holding her tightly. Clara breathed in her aunt’s familiar and comforting perfume and buried her face into Selina’s shoulder to ward off the terrible images crossing her mind’s eye, of a rat being squished with a coal shovel.
“What happened next?” Asked Clara, her voice muffled against Selina’s shoulder.
“All of the noise attracted others to Emily’s room within moments. The visitor was rambling incoherently about Emily being a demon and that he’d killed the demon. Of course, when the room was searched, they only found the bloody corpse of the rat.” Clara shuddered again, still clinging to her aunt for support. “There was a terrible scandal. Emily had vanished into thin air and here was this upstanding citizen blubbering about demons. The family covered it up by saying that Emily had gone to stay with relatives in France, and the visitor ended up in an asylum, never to be seen or heard from again.”  They were both silent for a while and then a thought struck Clara.
“What happens to the gift when one of us dies?” she asked.
“The gene automatically activates in another child in the family,” replied Selina.
“So if something were to happen to me...?”
“Okay,” said Selina firmly, taking Clara’s face in both of her cold hands and looking directly into Clara’s eyes. “First of all, nothing is going to happen to you because you’re going to be careful and I’m going to look after you, all right?” 
Clara nodded. “But let’s just say something did happen to me?” she persisted.
Selina shrugged and gazed over Clara’s shoulder for a moment. “Well, most of your nearest relatives are older than you so, I guess ... Peter might activate, or maybe your youngest cousin, Samantha?” Clara’s expression hardened. She wouldn’t wish this curse on any of her relatives, especially not Peter. Whatever happened, she needed to survive and live to be an old woman herself. She needed plenty of time to figure out a way to break the curse and stop it from being passed down to any more family members. 
Selina watched the resolved expression forming on her niece’s face and wondered what Clara was thinking. “Are you okay, dear?” Selina asked.
Clara nodded, still distracted by her thoughts.
“And you understand now why we need to keep all of this a secret?” asked Selina, anxiously.
Clara nodded again. “Yes,” she said firmly. “I understand.”
“Okay,” said Selina. “Now, shall we practise your exercises as we walk home? I think we could both do with a warm cup of tea and a biscuit, don’t you?” And Selina put her arm around Clara’s shoulders and steered her in the direction of her home.

Chapter Seven


Aunt Selina stayed with the family for a few days beyond the full moon to make sure that Clara’s sleeping returned to normal, and that she was handling everything she’d learnt so far. She impressed upon Clara the importance of practising the meditation exercises every night, and not just during the full moon and then, reluctantly, returned home so that Peter could go back to sleeping in his own room.
Before they all knew it, Christmas had come and gone, and another full moon was due. Clara knew that all of her practising would soon be put to the test as her aunt wouldn’t be coming to stay this time.
A couple of days before the full moon Clara started to feel restless. She wasn’t conscious of it at first. It wasn’t until several teachers had told her off for fidgeting in class that she realised something wasn’t right. The realisation startled her. Her symptoms were starting earlier than they previously had, which meant they’d most likely be stronger when the moon was completely full. Was this normal at this stage of the transition? Her aunt hadn’t said anything about it when Clara last saw her. Clara started to feel anxious.
The anxiousness intensified as the day wore on, and the restless feeling grew until it felt like Clara had a stomach filled with wriggling worms. She hardly ate her dinner that evening and couldn’t concentrate on her homework.
When her dad stuck his head in the door to tell Clara it was time for bed, she reluctantly put away the books she’d been staring blindly at for the last hour. She changed slowly out of her clothes and into her nightdress. She pottered around her room, idly picking things up and putting them away again, until her mum put her head in to reinforce her dad’s message.
Clara climbed into bed slowly, switched off her lamp, and started her relaxation exercises. Having practised every night, as instructed, she ‘d thought she was getting good at them, but she didn’t find it easy to relax this evening. She had excess energy she needed to get rid of and the last thing she wanted to do was lie still and go to sleep. 
She shook her head to clear it of all thought and focused on her breathing. Breathe in and out, in and out, in and out, she thought to herself, over and over again. Eventually she dozed off into a light sleep and slept relatively peacefully until she woke up suddenly and completely at six in the morning. Pleased with the length of time she had slept but knowing instinctively that she was not going to sleep any more she rose, dressed and finished her homework.
That night would be the first night of the full moon. Clara had a fretful day, her stomach knotted with anxiety and she was unable to eat anything at dinner that evening.
“Are you feeling okay, Hon?” her mum asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” said Clara. “Can I be excused? I’ve homework to do.”
“Of course,” replied her mum. “It’s Peter’s turn to help with the washing up, today.”
Clara left the table and jogged upstairs to her room, gathering up her schoolbag on the way. She quickly did the homework she’d been set, which wasn’t as onerous as she’d suggested to her parents, and then moved over to her window, opened it up, and leant on the windowsill. Almost immediately, and without any effort on her part, she felt an onrush of animal presence washing across her mind. Despite the late hour there were loads of animals about. Maybe they sense the full moon too, she thought wistfully. 
Given the strength of the onrush in her mind, Clara felt herself trying to hold the forms off, defensively, rather than allowing them in. Even so she felt some of the nebulous forms evolving into solid individuals and her anxiousness turned to curiosity and she found herself reaching out to them. She recognised one of them as the neighbour’s dog, which was in its kennel in the garden next door, and she could tell it was feeling very sorry for itself at being locked out of the house. And there was the stray cat that claimed their street as its territory. Clara could sense that it was sitting on the windowsill of a house up the street gazing longingly at some pie left on a kitchen counter. And she recognised that some of the nebulous forms were birds, lots of birds, settling down for the night, nervous and edgy.
Clara wondered at this new development of her skills. Her aunt had told her that it would happen at some point, but she never expected it this quickly. She wanted to explore this new talent some more, but she was never going to get to sleep if she did. She needed to block the animals out.
Remembering what she’d been taught, she started to build her mental barrier, closing her eyes in concentration. After a while the barrier worked, and the animals faded from her mind. Clara climbed into bed, turned off the light and started her relaxation exercises but struggled to drop off to sleep. It seemed that every time she relaxed her body, her mental barrier would slip, and the voices would leak back in, forcing her to start the exercise all over, again and again. In the early hours of the morning, Clara eventually fell asleep from sheer exhaustion and was woken up a scant three hours later by her alarm.
She rubbed her gritty eyes as she dressed, breakfasted and went to school. The day seemed eternal because she was so tired. Not even Sinead could cheer Clara up on the walk home, or the fact that it was Friday.
That evening, Clara wanted to go to bed straight after dinner, but her parents had been watching her closely and she didn’t want to give them cause for concern. She struggled to stay awake through the Friday night DVD and was relieved when the film finished so she could go to bed without arousing suspicion.
In bed, Clara spent some considerable time constructing a large, thick, barrier in her mind. She thought with some satisfaction that it was watertight, and nothing could possibly get through. She then practised her breathing exercises particularly conscientiously until she dropped off to sleep.
Then she was dreaming vividly.  She was flying through the night sky, soaring up and then banking back towards the blackness of the trees. Onwards she soared, over the houses and down the street, illuminated by the orange glow of streetlamps. She peered down with an extraordinarily acute sense of vision at the frost glittering on the path, and then she spotted small, damp footprints. She followed the footprints along the alleyway to the trees and landed on a thick branch. She watched the grass and scrub for any sign of movement, her owl eyes accustomed to the darkness. A blustery wind blew her feathers in the wrong direction, making her shiver slightly. Rustling noises over her shoulder made her turn her head instinctually and stare. She blinked.
When she opened her eyes again it was to find herself lying in her bed, looking up at her bedroom ceiling. 
Wow! she thought. That was amazing. I want to do it again. Despite her excitement she soon dozed off but had no more dreams. The next time she woke she saw daylight peeking around the edges of her curtains. 
Clara was so excited by her previous night’s experience she desperately wanted to tell somebody about it. She spent most of the day biting her lip and trying not to smile at the memory of her dream. Unfortunately, despite her looking forward to going to bed that night, she didn’t have any strange dreams at all and woke up the next morning somewhat deflated.
Even though Clara was unable to share her experiences with her immediate family, or with Sinead, she did write to her Aunt Selina and fill her in on all the details. A week or so after posting her letter, Clara started to come home every day expecting a response from her aunt to be waiting for her, only to be disappointed. As the days wore on, she became frustrated and concerned by her aunt’s apparent lack of interest or urgency. After all, Selina had said to contact her at any time with queries and concerns. Did she not mean it? 
As the days turned into weeks and the next full moon approached, Clara became more and more nervous at her aunt’s silence. She was surprised, therefore, when her mum announced one day that Selina had invited Clara to stay with her during the half term holidays, if she wanted to go. Clara recognised that this would be when the next full moon was due and got excited at the prospect. Finally, she thought, I might get some proof about the shape-shifting aspect of the gift. Peter was torn between feeling disappointed that he’d not been invited and relieved that he wouldn’t have to spend a week away from his parents. 
The last week of school seemed to go on forever, but eventually the half term holidays began and Clara, Peter and their parents piled into the car for the two-hour drive to Selina’s house.
The plan was that Peter and her parents were going to drop Clara off, see her settled in and then return home the same day. Selina was going to see Clara on a train back to her parents at the end of the week.
Clara and Peter didn’t get to travel very often. Once a year they usually went to visit cousins for a week’s holiday in the summer, and they’d never visited Aunt Selina’s cottage before. They were both, therefore, excited to be going on this trip. After about an hour, though, they were bored with the motorway and started bickering between themselves. Their parents were starting to get really annoyed with them when Clara’s father pulled off the motorway and started driving down country lanes. 
“Nearly there,” said their mum with a sigh of relief. Twenty minutes later, Clara got her first glimpse of Aunt Selina’s cottage and was instantly delighted with it.
The cottage had a decidedly ramshackle appearance to it, which was just as Clara had imagined. Inside, the house was cluttered and cosy, with lots of family photographs on every available surface. After her parents and brother had left, Clara was wandering through the cottage looking at the photos of aunts, uncles and cousins, most of whom she’d never met, when she began to think about why her aunt had never married and had children of her own. Of course, it was to do with the curse, wasn’t it? Clara thought, sadly. Well, I’m not going to live my life alone like Aunt Selina and my namesake. Clara decided there and then that she’d find a way to beat the curse somehow. She’d find out everything there was to know about it as quickly as possible and figure out how to break it. As Clara was making this vow to herself her aunt called her in to the kitchen for dinner.
During dinner, Clara made numerous attempts to bring up the subject of the curse with her aunt, however, to Clara’s frustration Selina did not want to discuss it and kept changing the subject to more mundane matters like what Clara was doing at school.
Clara continued to pursue the subject of the curse over the next few days but with no success at all. Her aunt refused to be pushed and would only say that Clara would find out about everything in good time and the process couldn’t be rushed. Selina eventually distracted Clara from the subject of the curse when they were sitting at the kitchen table drinking tea one afternoon.
“I wanted to thank you Clara, for the letter you sent to me a few weeks ago, I was delighted to read about your progress. It has to be said, though, I wasn’t expecting such a strong reaction to the full moon this soon. You were practising your blocking technique, weren’t you?”
Clara nodded vigorously, “Yes, every day. My mind was completely empty when I went to sleep,” she said.
“In that case you’re transitioning much more quickly than normal. I think you may be ready for a full transformation into animal form this month, even though it’s only been five months since the symptoms began, and it’s time, therefore, that I told you about how we do it,” said Selina.
“But you said it’d take seven to nine months,” said Clara, anxiously.
“That is the norm,” replied her aunt. “But you’ve shown an unusually strong gift from the beginning and, while these things are difficult to predict, because they differ from one person to the next, your vivid dreams last month and your recognition of individual animals are an indication that you’re ready for the next step.”
Clara wasn’t sure whether she was excited by the idea or terrified, but decided it was probably a bit of both.
Selina continued, “I’m going to try and explain the theory of shape-shifting to you now, and then, in a couple of days, there will be a full moon and we can try it out.
Now the gift that we have is the ability to turn ourselves into animals. We don’t take over or inhabit an animal that already exists; we become our own version of that animal. In doing so we retain our own mind and thoughts, however, the longer we stay in the animal form the more like the animal we become. It’s very important that you remember this. Do you remember what I told you about your ancestor, Martin?”  Selina asked and Clara nodded solemnly, shuddering internally as the memory of her aunt’s stories about Martin, Stephen and Emily rushed back.
 “Good,” went on Selina. “In order to turn into an animal, first the shape-shifter has to imagine that they are the animal – literally imagine themselves into the animal form. For instance, if you were shifting to the form of a dog, you’d need to picture yourself as a dog, and then mould yourself into that form. Don’t worry too much about the practicalities of it now – we can go through that in more detail on Thursday night.”
Clara was intrigued as to how she could imagine herself into the form of an animal but couldn’t consider it too closely as Selina had moved on.
“When one is shape-shifting, we generally take the form and size of the animal we are shape-shifting into, however, we’re limited as to how much of us there is to shift. We couldn’t, for instance, shape-shift into an elephant or a whale, as they’re too large. We can change into cows or horses though – animals that are slightly larger than humans are fine. We can also change into smaller animals, like dogs or cats, fairly easily. It is possible to shape-shift into animals that are even smaller but that’s complicated and not many shape-shifters are able to do it.”
“Can you do it Aunt Selina?” asked Clara.
“In my younger days I tried it once or twice, but soon decided that it wasn’t for me,” said Selina. “Well, that’s all you need to know, for now. Don’t eat too much on Thursday. It’s not a good idea to shift on a full stomach.” Her aunt then finished her tea and rose to clear their mugs and plates away. “Now, shall we walk into the village this afternoon and see what’s going on?” Clara nodded distractedly, looking forward to and dreading the upcoming full moon.

Chapter Eight


On Thursday evening, Clara and Selina were standing in the garden behind the cottage. It was a dark, cloudy, blustery and cold February night, but Clara didn’t need to see the moon to know that it was full. She’d been restless and fidgety for the last two days. Clara couldn’t feel the cold, she was sweating slightly, and shivering internally with nervous anticipation. This was it. The moment she’d been waiting for. A swarm of butterflies were fluttering in her stomach, making her feel sick. She was glad that she’d followed her aunt’s advice to eat lightly at dinner.
“Now,” said Selina. “The easiest forms for a shape-shifter to take are those animals that have a close relationship with humans. In other words, domesticated animals. Today, therefore, you’re going to attempt to change into a dog. Do you have a strong imagination?” Clara swallowed nervously but managed to nod; she’d been complimented on her imagination by teachers at school.
“Good,” said Selina. “Okay, close your eyes and picture a dog. It can be any breed of dog you like; however, I would suggest picturing one you’re familiar with.”
“The family next door has a black dog,” said Clara. “A sheepdog, I think.”
“Right then, picture that dog,” said Selina. “Picture its soft, padded paws, its shiny black fur, its floppy ears, its dark eyes, its wet nose and its pink tongue. Are you picturing it?”
Clara nodded again, eyes closed, brow furrowed in concentration.
“Keep picturing it,” said Selina. “At the same time, I want you to breathe deeply and relax. Relax your shoulders, relax your face, and relax your arms. Now, imagine you’re the dog. You’re covered in thick fur and you’re panting; you’re standing on four legs, not two. Your nose is picking up all sorts of new smells. You can smell the grass and the trees and the cottage, do you feel it?”
Clara breathed deeply and focused with all her might on a picture of her neighbours’ dog. As time passed, though, she didn’t feel anything other than the blustery wind blowing in her face, raising tendrils of her hair. In fact, she was starting to feel a bit silly. She wanted to say that she was imagining it very hard, but it didn’t seem to be working. Unfortunately, all she could say was, “Woof.” She opened her eyes in surprise. “Woof,” she said again.
“Well done, well done,” said Selina clapping her hands and laughing down at the slightly startled black dog in front of her. “I didn’t succeed in changing until my third attempt. How talented you are.”
Clara suddenly had a terrible urge to scratch behind her right ear. She sat on her hind legs and brought one of them up to ease the itch.
“Okay,” said Selina. “I’m going to change too, and then we can go exploring.”
And before Clara’s doggy eyes she saw her aunt transform just as she must’ve done. Instead of seeing her aunt, Clara was now looking a big, shaggy golden retriever. 
“Woof,” said Clara and wagged her tail. Well, if she’d had any doubts before, she was a full believer now. She couldn’t deny what she was seeing or what she was experiencing. For a moment Clara felt the unreality of the situation, like she was floating, like her mind had entered another body. It was extremely disconcerting.
 Then Clara felt a thought touch her mind. The thought seemed to suggest that it would be a good idea if they go for a ramble through the woods to see what they could find. Clara understood that her aunt had given her the suggestion mentally and, as Selina moved off in the direction of the woods, Clara followed as best she could. She was completely conscious of each step, learning to walk all over again. It was fine when she was distracted by sights or sounds and didn’t think about it, but, when she remembered that she had four legs instead of two she kept tripping over her feet. Her aunt seemed to find great amusement in Clara’s predicament, but stayed close and nudged Clara occasionally when she felt that her niece was losing her confidence.
After a while, Clara stopped thinking about what she was doing with her feet and started revelling in the strange experience. She noticed that her eyesight was greatly enhanced for travelling through the woods at night. There were many exciting smells and sounds coming from every direction. So many strange odours. She wanted to investigate and identify them all. She ran in circles going from one enticing smell to another.  Mud, leaves, plants, insects, stagnant pools of water, the urine and other scent trails of many types of small mammals, nothing escaped her nose or attention. Clara occasionally stopped, alert, hearing movement nearby, under bushes and logs and up in the branches of trees. Eventually, she was completely winded by all the running and had to sit, panting, to get her breath back.
Her aunt waited patiently with Clara until her breathing returned to a more normal rate and then, sensing Clara’s exhaustion, Selina guided Clara back towards the cottage. In her excitement, Clara had travelled quite a distance but didn’t mind the walk back as there was still plenty to distract her, with new things to smell, see or hear at every bend and bush.
Not far from the cottage, Selina veered off the track and stopped at a large oak tree. She settled down at its base, yawned, and looked back at Clara. Clara padded over and lay down next to her aunt. She hardly had time to wriggle herself into a comfortable position before sleep overtook her.
When she woke, Clara was in her human form. If it hadn’t been for the fact that she was outdoors, lying under an oak tree and covered by a sleeping bag, she’d have thought that everything that had happened the night before was a dream.
Even with the sleeping bag Clara was chilly and then another realisation hit her. Under the sleeping bag she was completely naked. Something else Aunt Selina forgot to mention, thought Clara grumpily and turned over to see where her aunt was.
“Morning,” said Selina brightly. She was sitting at the base of the tree fully dressed and clutching a mug of something hot and steaming. 
“There’s tea in the flask to warm you up,” she said. “And I brought some clothes for you.”
Clara dressed quickly and took the mug of tea her aunt offered.
“How long have you been up?” Clara asked.
“A little while,” said Selina. “You were exhausted last night, so I let you sleep. Now drink your tea and then we can go back to the cottage for a hot breakfast.”  Clara’s stomach rumbled noisily at the mention of breakfast. She quickly gathered up the sleeping bag and carried it back to the cottage.
After a hearty breakfast of bacon and eggs, Selina asked Clara how she was feeling.
 “Fine,” said Clara. “I haven’t slept that well for a long while.”
Selina smiled. “Fresh air and exercise will do that to you,” she said. “How did you feel about being a dog?”
Clara thought back to the previous evening. A warm feeling spread throughout her body and she started to smile. The whole experience now felt a little surreal but her memories of being a dog, experiencing its senses and instincts, were strong in her mind. 
“It seemed natural after a while,” replied Clara. “After I’d learnt to control my feet again,” she added sheepishly. 
“It became easier when you let the dog’s instincts take over, didn’t it?” asked Selina and Clara nodded.
“That’s what I meant when I was describing the difference between the animals’ instincts and the human consciousness. You have to get the balance right between the two,” explained Selina.
“I see,” said Clara. “Why did we not come back to the cottage to sleep?”
“How could we open the door with only our paws?” Selina asked, waving her hands in front of Clara with raised eyebrows.
“Oh,” said Clara, and then panic crossed her face. “How am I supposed to get in and out of the house once I’ve gone home?”
“Don’t worry,” Selina said. “Tonight, and tomorrow night we’ll practise shifting back into human form before morning, so you’ll be able to leave and return to your parents’ house in human form. While the curse compels you to turn into animal form on the three nights of the full moon, you can control, to a degree, when you change back.”
Clara nodded, relieved. 
Later that evening, after a refreshing afternoon snooze, they were in the garden once again. This time they stashed a pile of clothes in a damp proof bag at the back of the garden where they’d have access to it later.
Once again, Selina instructed Clara to take the form of a dog. With her aunt’s descriptive turn of phrase, Clara quickly transformed. She followed her aunt’s golden retriever form into the woods once more. This time they ended up trotting alongside a small river.
They crossed the river at a wooden footbridge and were now walking alongside fields. Sensing movement in one of the fields, Clara moved in that direction up to a fence. A largish creature loomed out from the dark on the other side and, at Clara’s approach, it startled and leapt backwards, baaing loudly. She’d come across a field of sheep. Clara’s heart thumped, she’d been as surprised by the sheep as it’d been of her, but now she was curious about the sheep’s reaction. Even though she was a human in dog form the sheep had clearly sensed a potential predator nearby and reacted accordingly. Clara tried to reach out with her mind to the sheep to tell it not to worry and that she was sorry that she’d frightened it, but it was so terrorised by her presence that she couldn’t reach it. Instead she moved away from the fence and re-joined her aunt on the track, leaving the sheep in peace.
They soon arrived at the village near her Selina’s cottage. Smelling something delicious, Clara followed her nose to a row of houses. As they drew closer to the houses the smell became stronger. Smells like chicken, she thought, licking her lips. On her aunt’s advice she’d not eaten a great deal for her dinner and now felt quite peckish. On following the smell, though, she realised it wasn’t coming from a house but somewhere closer. That’s strange, she thought. She continued to follow the smell. It became overwhelmingly pungent as Clara was passing by the rubbish bin at the end of a driveway. Eugh, that’s gross, she thought. She’d been smelling food that had been thrown into the rubbish bin. Doggy Clara had thought that the smell was delicious, but human Clara was quite put off. 
After a stroll through the sleeping village, Clara and her aunt made their way back to the cottage. Their walk had not taken them as far as the ramble the night before, nonetheless, Clara was tired and when they reached the oak tree where they’d slept the night before, Clara happily lay down next to Selina and went to sleep.
A couple of hours later, Clara was woken by her aunt. She felt grumpy at having been woken, particularly when she found she was still in dog form, but she followed Selina to the cottage garden, nonetheless.
When they arrived, Selina turned and looked at Clara. Clara sensed that her aunt wanted her to watch closely. One minute she was looking at golden retriever Aunt Selina, a few moments later she was looking up at her human aunt who winked at her before getting into her pile of clothes.
“Okay, Clara. You saw how it was done. Now it’s your turn,” said Selina. “Just the opposite of what we did earlier. Imagine yourself back into your human body. The Clara that your parents would recognise.”
Right, thought Clara. If I can imagine I’m a dog, then I should be able to imagine that I’m a human. Now what are my human characteristics? Well, two legs would be a good start. Two arms with hands, five fingers each. No fur, Long hair. A small nose and fewer teeth.
Clara had her eyes tightly closed while she concentrated on all of this. She was afraid to open them to see if it’d worked.
Then Selina chuckled, “It’s okay, you can open your eyes now.” Clara sighed with relief and opened her eyes. She put on the clothes her aunt held out to her and they went into the brightly lit and welcoming cottage together.
Getting into bed Clara was very smug about the success of the evening’s transformation. She’d found being a dog much more natural this evening and her transformation back to human form had gone as well as she could’ve hoped. For the first time she felt excited about being a shape-shifter and she couldn’t wait for the next night’s transformation so that she could experience it again.

Chapter Nine


Clara woke the following morning a little tired but exhilarated by the previous night’s adventure. She lay in bed reliving it all and had reached the bit where her aunt had made her some hot chocolate and sent her up to bed, when Selina appeared at the bedroom door.
“Good, you’re awake, breakfast’s nearly ready. I hope you’re hungry,” Selina smiled and disappeared again.
Remembering with a wry smile the chicken smell from the night before, Clara rose and dressed quickly, putting her hair into her usual ponytail and running the toothbrush around her mouth, before running down to the kitchen.
The pair enjoyed a leisurely cooked breakfast with toast on the side and lots of tea, before Selina suggested that they walk into the village to check out the train times for the following day’s journey home. “We can even buy a ticket, so we don’t have to worry about it tomorrow,” suggested Selina.
Clara was disappointed at the thought of leaving her aunt just when she was starting to shape-shift, but she was also looking forward to seeing her family and her own bedroom again. It was a beautiful spring day and they enjoyed a lovely walk along the road into the village, admiring the border of cheerful, bright yellow daffodils.
As it was Saturday, the village was bustling. On the way to and from the train station, Selina and Clara browsed the stalls of a farmer’s market. Selina knew tons of the people in the village, as she’d lived there most of her life, and she stopped now and then to chat to them. People were curious to meet Clara, as they’d never met any of Selina’s family before, and they all asked how she’d enjoyed her stay with her aunt.
When they were back at the cottage, Clara asked if she might be able to stay with Selina during the Easter holidays.
“Of course, you can dear. I’d like that very much,” said Selina. “I shall speak to your parents about it.”
Clara spent the remainder of the afternoon packing her things for the journey home and having a nap before dinner.
That night doggy Selina took doggy Clara out exploring in the woods again, making sure she was confident at turning back into her human form, before they went to bed in the early hours of the morning.
Later that day, Aunt Selina sat Clara down to discuss a few things before they left for the station.
“Firstly, Clara, I have a gift for you,” said Selina pushing a small wrapped parcel across the table.
Clara exclaimed in delight. She pulled open the bow and ripped the wrapping paper off to reveal a dark blue velvet box. She popped it open to reveal a delicate gold watch. Clara gasped.
“It was Clara’s,” Selina said. “It’s been passed down through all the shape-shifters in the family and now it’s time to pass it on to you. It reminds us of those who have gone before us and see how, instead of a date on the face of the watch, it has...”
“The phases of the moon,” exclaimed Clara with a smile of happiness.
“That’s right,” said her aunt. “But being as it’s an antique, this watch doesn’t run on batteries. You need to wind it up every few days. Will you remember to do that?”
“Yes,” said Clara, breathlessly, putting the watch on. She’d never owned anything this grown up and thought it was lovely. She couldn’t stop admiring the way it sat on her wrist.
 “One day it’ll be your responsibility to train the next shape-shifter and you can pass on the watch accordingly,” said Selina. “It’ll remind you when the full moon is due. Although with the strength of your gift you probably won’t ever need it,” she added wryly.
“Now, I don’t want you to get over excited,” she said. “But I have something else for you. I understand you have a copy of the front door key to your house.”  
Clara nodded, “For emergencies,” she said. “Or in case I get home before Mum and Peter.”
“Well, as your parents’ bedroom is at the front of the house, I think it’d be safer for you to get in and out using the back door,” and she held out a key to Clara. “This is a copy of the back-door key for your home. On the first night of the full moon you must wait until you’re sure that everyone’s asleep, and then sneak out the back door. In the woods you can undress and shape-shift as we’ve been doing this week. Don’t stray too far from home at first. You may think you know your way around but, in the dark, you’ll find everything strange and unfamiliar to begin with. As soon as you think you’re able, go back to where your clothes are and shape-shift back. You need to ensure you’re back in the house and in bed before anyone wakes up and notices that you’re gone.”  She pauses for a moment to make sure Clara’s paying attention, then continues. “You must make sure that you look after the key and don’t leave it lying around where you might lose it, or your parents might see it. Okay?” 
“Okay,” said Clara, slightly bewildered by all of the instructions.
“Don’t worry, you’ll be fine,” said Selina, patting Clara’s hand. “The only other bedroom at the back of the house is your brothers and he’s a solid sleeper, like his dad.”
Selina stood and reached for Clara’s hand. “Let’s get a move on,” she said. “I don’t want you to miss the train.”
Clara said her goodbyes to her aunt on the station platform and boarded the train. As the train pulled out of the station she waved to Selina until she couldn’t see her anymore. Then she pulled a book out of her bag, intending to read it on the journey home, however, the book lay unopened on her lap as she revelled in the memories of all the things she’d seen and done over the last few days. Maybe having this gift was not going to be all bad after all, she thought, smiling to herself.

***

Clara had a joyous reunion with her parents and brother when she arrived home and she was ecstatic to see her own room again. She emptied her travel case, and put her things away, straightening her belongings affectionately. The room was exactly the way she’d left it a week before, and yet it felt different and strange, somehow. But it wasn’t the room that had changed, it was Clara, herself. Her experiences over the last few days had altered her. She felt more mature and responsible, and excited and alive all at the same time. All the same, she thought fondly, I’m glad to be home.
Sinead was also delighted to see her friend, having missed her all week, and asked all about Clara’s visit to her aunt. She wanted to know all the details of Clara’s trip and Clara found herself editing practically everything she told Sinead, particularly the last few days. In an effort to avoid Sinead’s questioning, Clara asked Sinead what she had been up to. Sinead’s stories of her holidays filled up the rest of their journey to school.
The following few weeks sped by as the school year was winding up towards exam time. Before she knew it, Clara’s watch was indicating that a full moon was due. In preparation, Clara cleared all of her outstanding homework assignments. She checked the drawer of her dresser several times to ensure the key was where she’d hidden it and looked out the clothes she was planning to wear. 
On the morning of the first day of the full moon, Clara went to school with a heightened sense of awareness. She was edgy all day, full of barely restrained energy.
In the evening she ate lightly and then went to her room to wait. She was building up a nervous energy and had to pace back and forth in order to avoid exploding with anticipation. First, she heard her brother go to bed. Then she hopped into bed herself, but struggled to lie still, tossing and turning and fidgeting. She was so wired she knew that falling asleep was not a risk.
After what seemed an eternity, Clara heard her parents checking the locks on windows and doors and getting ready for bed themselves. About half an hour later she heard her father’s snores. She waited anxiously for another half an hour to ensure everyone was deeply asleep, before quietly slipping out of bed and down the stairs. She put her trainers on at the back door, unlocked it with her new key and slipped out. She felt a thrill run along her spine at being out this late on her own. Her breathing was shallow, her heart beating hard and fast.
She eased slowly and soundlessly through the back gate and into the trees. A little way away she found a log on which to put her clothes. After which, she took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and imagined herself as the black dog. 
On opening her eyes a few moments later, she discovered that she was much closer to the ground, had four legs instead of two and was covered in black fur.
Ha! she thought. That wasn’t so hard, and she trotted confidently off along the path. Edging the woods, she explored the area along the back of her street, sniffing here and there, glancing up at each of the houses as she went by. Her acute sense of hearing picked up the noise from the odd television and, occasionally, other dogs barking. Whenever she heard a dog bark, she had a very strong urge, which she controlled, to bark back at them. She understood that it was a natural instinct for dogs to defend their territory, but she didn’t want to draw unnecessary attention to herself.
At the end of the row of houses, and mindful of her aunt’s advice not to stray too far, she turned and made her way back the way she’d come. She passed the back of her own house and carried on down to the opposite end of the street where she turned down a path she’d not been down before. Her sense of direction told her the path would bring her in a circular route around the back of the woods, and eventually back in the direction of her home but, on this initial foray, she planned to cut through the woods at the first opportunity, to get back to her starting point more quickly. 
After a few minutes of nosing, she became aware of another large presence close by. She stopped, perked her ears up and sniffed. Slowly rotating her head, she picked up a scent off to her left. Whatever the presence was, it wasn’t making any noise. Was it aware that she was there?
Clara eased back into the cover of a bush and then stilled, almost holding her breath.
For a few minutes nothing happened. Then the scent direction changed slightly. It was moving. Clara felt alone and vulnerable all of a sudden, missing her aunt’s golden retriever companionship and protection.
But the presence was moving away from her, albeit down the path she’d planned to take. A short while later it disappeared completely. Clara breathed a huge sigh of relief.
Now Clara had a dilemma, though, should she continue down the path as originally intended or should she go back the way she’d come to avoid whatever the presence had been? She sat for a few moments considering her options, then, recognising that she was curious about her almost confrontation, Clara decided to continue going down the path in the same direction she’d previously been travelling, albeit with more caution.
With her senses on high alert, she moved forward slowly. She stopped every once in a while, to listen to the noises in her vicinity, but didn’t pick anything up other than the rustling of what she could sense were small mammals under the bushes.
Eventually, she came to a fork in the path. One fork would take her back home and the other fork continued around the woods. She followed the homeward fork through the woods without further incident and traced her way back to the log where her clothes were waiting. Clara sat down and rested for a while. It was way too early to shift back into human form.
When she felt it was the proper time, Clara closed her eyes and imagined herself back into her human form. She followed the same procedure that she and her aunt had followed, but when she opened her eyes, she was dismayed to find she was still a dog. Perturbed, Clara closed her eyes and tried again. Once again, she opened her eyes in her dog form. Now she was really starting to get nervous.
What’s going wrong? she thought. I never had this problem at Aunt Selina’s.  
After a few more attempts to transform, Clara’s nervousness turned to panic. What will happen if I can’t change back? I don’t know what to do.
Clara paced anxiously back and forth by the log. Every few minutes she tried to transform back to her human form and failed. With each attempt her confidence chipped away. She could feel time passing. The approaching dawn was her enemy, and she could sense it getting closer with every minute, unstoppable and undeniable. She shivered, imagining what would happen when her parents woke and found her gone. She recalled her aunt’s story about her ancestor who’d taken the form of an animal and was never seen again. She started to ponder what her life would be like, wandering the streets as a homeless mutt. She slumped down to the ground, hopelessly, her eyes tightly closed, her muzzle on her paws, shaking and whimpering. And then, suddenly, her aunt’s image sprang up in her mind’s eye. The image was so vivid that Clara felt she could almost smell her aunt’s perfume. The image of Aunt Selina winked down at Clara and smiled at her tenderly.
“Imagine yourself back into your human body. The Clara your parents would recognise,” Selina said confidently. Clara felt a small ball of warmth developing in her chest. It spread out through her body and along her limbs, as the image of her aunt remained strong in Clara’s mind.
Okay, she thought determinedly. I need to get a grip. I can do this.  
Clara took some deep breaths and felt the tension in her body releasing fractionally. After a few more deep breaths she started to feel less hopeless and more confident. She brought forward the memory of the first time she’d changed back into human form. Drawing on that memory she imagined looking in a mirror and seeing her human form staring back at her. Still breathing deeply and relaxing muscle by muscle, she concentrated on every detail of that mirror image, from the top of her head to the tips of her fingers and toes. 
Slowly, she opened her eyes and almost cried with relief. It worked. Shaking so hard she could hardly get her fingers to work properly, she dressed and crept home as quickly as she dared.
Pausing at the back gate she noted that the house was still and dark. She tiptoed up to the back door, slipped in and locked it behind her. She then tiptoed up to her room, changed into her nightdress and slipped under her duvet just as the hall light came on and she heard one of her parents go into the bathroom.
Whew, she thought. That was close. 
Clara breathed a deep sigh. Then, before she could reflect on the events of the night or consider the implications for the following night, Clara dropped off into an exhausted sleep.

Chapter Ten


Clara felt strangely refreshed and alert the following morning, despite the little sleep she’d had.
By mid-afternoon, though, she hit a wall. She could barely keep her eyes open and wished she could have an afternoon nap then and there in the warm, muggy, classroom.
When she arrived home, she made an excuse about getting out of her school clothes and went to her room. Once there, she lay down on her bed and fell fast asleep. A couple of hours later she was woken by the enticing smell of dinner. 
When Clara mostly moved her food around the plate rather than eat it, her mum looked at her with concern.
“Are you okay, Hon?” She asked Clara.
“Yeah, I’m fine thanks,” said Clara and she smiled brightly at her mum with what she hoped was reassurance, while her stomach did cartwheels in anticipation of the night to come. 
Sitting down to watch the DVD after dinner, Clara found she was unable to concentrate. She was becoming increasingly jittery about her upcoming transformation. Her confidence had been seriously knocked the previous night and she was terrified of a repeat performance tonight. She put off going to bed for as long as possible, only retiring to her room when her parents became stern with her.
Once in her room she changed into training pants and a fleece and paced up and down for a while, breathing deeply and repeating under her breath “It’s going to be fine, it’s going to be fine, it’s going to be fine.”  When she heard her mum getting ready for bed, she climbed into bed herself, feigning sleep when her mum checked in on her.
When she was satisfied that the rest of the household was fast asleep, she crept nervously down and out of the house, through the garden and into the trees. So far so good, she thought. She undressed and closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and when she opened them again, she was the shaggy black sheepdog she should be. She gave a little yip of delight and jumped for joy. She seemed to find it easy to shift into animal form. The real test, it appeared, would come later.
She turned in a small circle wondering what she’d do with herself this evening.
She decided to see if the path went both ways around the woods and headed off in the direction she’d originally taken the night before, but instead of turning back when she reached the end of the street; she carried on down the path. She was a little further along the path than she’d explored the previous night when she came across a smaller trail up on the left. Clara followed it, curiously. She climbed up the slope until it came out at a clearing on top of the hill. At this height there was a steady breeze and Clara saw the estate on one side of the hill and the woods at the other side.
She counted along the row of houses until she reached her own and identified her bedroom window. The house was in full darkness, as it should be.
She spent a little time admiring the view and then sat down and opened up her senses to see what would happen. Slowly but surely, she started to feel other animals. Cautiously, for fear of becoming overwhelmed by the sensations, she focused on individuals. She sensed a large bird, probably her old friend the owl, sitting in a tree waiting patiently for a meal to come along. Shifting her focus, she sensed a cat prowling through the trees some way away. Then she sensed a familiar presence. The one she’d almost bumped into the night before. Turning towards the back of the woods she identified its location as being similar to the previous evening. Yep, it was definitely a dog. Clara’s impression was that it was comfortable in its territory and that it was wild by nature, that it wasn’t domesticated. Although it might’ve been at some point, she thought, probing deep into the dog’s mind. She sensed a memory of living indoors and being taken care of, but it was a long time ago. The dog was hungry and was searching the undergrowth for something to eat.
Clara felt a little sad for the dog, but thought it’d be a good idea to stay out of its way for the time being. She’d have no fear approaching the animal as a human. But she had no idea how it would react to the presence of another dog in its territory.
This is a good spot, she thought. To see what’s what. 
She was pleased that, even in her animal form, she was able to pick up the thoughts of other animals. She spent some time up on the hill stretching her mind to see how far she could reach. She found it more difficult in the direction of the estate. 
I wonder if it’s maybe something to do with the animals being indoors, she wondered. 
She could stretch her mind much further out across the woods and farmland, picking up many animals, including what she thought were rabbits and squirrels and maybe even a fox.
She then tried to focus on the animals in her immediate vicinity, in the clearing itself. There were small birds sleeping in nearby trees, some mice and other small rodents in the grass. Then she sensed something else. Not a presence, more like a collective of some sort. She moved in the direction of the presence and sniffed. At that moment, the moon came out from behind a cloud and lit up the clearing until it was almost as bright as daytime. And right there in front of her was an anthill. There were many little ants arriving with leaves and twigs and other detritus and disappearing with them into the anthill and then scurrying out again.
Clara watched them in surprise. She couldn’t pick up thoughts from the individual ants, but she could definitely sense their overall ... purpose, she thought, that’s what it is. Clara watched them for a while longer and then moved away again to sit and admire the view. Her sleeplessness from the previous night catching up with her, Clara found herself dozing off. She woke, feeling a little refreshed, not long before dawn.
Yikes! she thought. I didn’t mean to stay out this late, and she ran back down the trail to the log where she’d left her clothes.
Taking a deep breath Clara closed her eyes and remembered what she’d done the previous evening to transform back into human form. Trying to concentrate on the Clara that was in the mirror, she tried to forget her anxiousness and about the lateness of the hour. This wasn’t helped by a bird in a nearby tree starting to sing its dawn chorus. Clara shook her head to try and block the birdsong out. But after a few seconds the bird song, and its implications, crept back in.
“Stop it, stop it, stop it,” she said angrily to herself and then shook her head again to stop herself from tensing up. Clara initiated the wall technique she used to block animals out of her mind in the hopes that the exercise would work with the birdsong. She pictured both the bird and her anxious feelings in her mind’s eye and firmly placed them on the opposite side of the thick wall. Feeling herself relax a little, Clara went back to focusing on her mirror image, going through the process of noticing every detail from the top of her head down to her toes. It was only when she started to shiver that she realised that the transformation had worked and she was standing, naked under the trees, covered in goose bumps. Clara allowed herself a whoosh of relief before she quickly dressed and trotted back to the house.
As the night sky brightened from dark to dawn, Clara snuck back in. Her movements undetected by the other sleeping occupants.

***

Clara was left alone to sleep in that Saturday morning, not getting up until lunchtime. She’d expected to get an inquisition about her sleepiness, but, though her mum watched her closely, she didn’t say a word. They’d not heard anything further from the practice about Clara’s blood tests, so her parents had accepted the GP’s explanation that the changes in Clara’s sleeping habits were down to her age.
Clara spent the afternoon with Sinead and then spent much of that night in dog form on top of her hill, stretching her mind as she’d done the night before. She sensed the lonely dog again, in the same general area as before, searching for food and marking his territory. 
Clara had already decided a specific time she was going to try and transform back to her human self. The proposed time was later than her initial attempts on the first night of the full moon but much earlier than her rushed attempts the previous morning. 
Coming back down to her log at the pre-arranged time, she was able to concentrate fully on her mirror self with no distractions and, as such, she managed to transform back to her human form much more quickly than the previous two nights. 
Later, snug and safe in her bed, Clara happily reflected on her experiences of her first solo full moon. The terror she’d suffered when she struggled to change back to her human form was already fading from her memory and she couldn’t wait to write to her aunt to tell her about all that had happened.

***

The next few weeks were busy for Clara. There was heaps of revision to be done because exams would begin right after the Easter break. They were of vital importance because they would define which classes the students would be in the following year. During this term there was also a parents evening at the school.
Clara’s Mum and Dad were delighted with the feedback from her teachers. While they said that her concentration sometimes drifted during class, they were generally happy with her progress and were expecting good results from her exams, but that she needed to put the time and effort into revising.
Clara was not pleased to discover that, as a result of the feedback, her parents were re-considering her visit to Selina’s during the Easter holiday as they thought she should spend the time revising.
They wouldn’t be swayed by Clara’s pleas that she’d revise every day while at her aunt’s and didn’t accede to her wishes until Selina suggested that they reduce her stay to four days, and she agreed to supervise Clara’s revision while she was staying with her. Her parents reluctantly relented, much to Clara’s relief.
Clara spent the first ten days of her Easter holiday revising diligently under her mum’s supervision, and much to Sinead’s disgust. Clara saw Sinead once or twice out of the window, in the sunshine, and was envious that Sinead’s parents weren’t as concerned about the exams as her own. But Clara recognised that she had to revise particularly hard because she wouldn’t be able to revise as much when she was at her aunt’s house. 
On the morning of the eleventh day, she was put on a train to her aunts with a bag full of schoolbooks and stern instructions to behave herself and study hard. To pass the time on the journey she did pull out one of her textbooks and do some reading.
Clara was as glad to arrive at her aunt’s house on this visit as she’d been to arrive home after her previous visit. Over dinner, they talked about what Clara had done the previous month during the full moon. Clara described to Selina how she’d struggled to shape-shift back to human form on the first night and Selina listened closely with interest and concern.
“I don’t know why I struggled to change back the first night, though,” finished Clara.
“Well, dear,” replied Selina. “You may have tried to change back too soon,” she paused and thought for a moment. “Or it could be that you didn’t want it enough.” Seeing her niece frown she went on, “Part of shape-shifting is about wanting the change to happen. You change into an animal fairly easily because you’re helped along by the curse, but you have to really want to change back afterwards to get back into your human form. It could be that you were enjoying the transformation so much that, sub-consciously, you didn’t want it to end.”
Clara considered this explanation. After her failed attempts she’d genuinely wanted to change back, and so she had in the end.
“What should I do about the stray dog?”  she asked after a pause.
“Well, you were right to be cautious,” replied her aunt. “Domestic dogs see the house and garden as being their territory, but they’re generally fine if humans introduce other dogs into the house, as they’re trained to treat newcomers in the same way they treat their family. Stray dogs are different. Their territories are much wider and, depending on how wild they’ve become, they could defend their territory to the death.”
“I got the impression that the stray used to have a home and a family,” said Clara.
“You should still take care, though,” warned Selina. “Perhaps it’d be best to avoid entering the dog’s territory until you’re already introduced in a neutral place. If the dog does threaten you, behave submissively and leave the area as soon as possible. You don’t want to get into a fight with a stray. Even if you do get away in one piece, you’d have a hard time explaining any injuries to your parents in the morning.”
Clara glared at her aunt in alarm, hoping she was joking, but her aunt’s expression was completely serious. Clara swallowed and decided to change the subject to something a little less disturbing, “What are we going to do tonight?”
It was the first night of the full moon and Clara was excitedly anticipating her next adventure.
“I thought we might try a different animal tonight,” said Selina.
Clara’s eyes widened. She hadn’t even thought of trying a different animal.
“What kind?” she asked breathlessly.
“What kind would you like to be?” Selina asked, smiling at Clara encouragingly.
Clara thought for a while. What did she want to be? There were so many options, although, she wouldn’t be able to be anything too exotic for this part of the country. She smiled tentatively. 
“I’ve always loved horses,” she said. “Can we do that?”
“I think we can do that,” said her aunt. “Although being a horse is not the same as riding a horse.”
“Yes, but all the same,” said Clara, her eyes shining. “A horse.” And she was barely able to contain her excitement for the rest of the day.

Chapter Eleven


Later that evening, Clara and Selina left the cottage and walked into the woods. It was a surprisingly warm, calm, evening for the time of year, but cloudy. While they were both very aware of the full moon, they couldn’t see it at that moment.
“Okay, now,” started Selina. “Same procedure as before. This time you are a majestic horse. Tall and proud, sleek and defined, you want to toss your mane and stomp the floor and neigh.”
Clara closed her eyes and pictured the most beautiful horse she could think of. It was a warm, sandy colour with a long mane and tail that were almost white. It had a white star on its forelock and white socks at the bottom of each leg.
She wanted to toss the mane and swish the tail of that horse. And when she opened her eyes, she found that she could. 
She wasn’t a big horse, more of a pony really, but when she looked behind her, there was the swishy tail. When she glanced down, there were the white socks. She let out a neigh of joy and kicked her rear end high into the air.
When she turned to her aunt, she found herself next to a piebald horse with brown and black splotches all over its flanks. Horse Selina shook her head vigorously and then trotted off smartly into the trees.
Clara trotted off after her, used now to moving on four legs she didn’t have the coordination problems she’d experienced when she first became a dog. They trotted through the, now familiar, woodland until they reached some open moorland. Being much bigger than dogs they covered the ground quickly and then Selina really let loose on the open ground. Clara leapt into a canter and followed her aunt. They thundered across the ground with the wind whipping through their manes, their tails flying out behind them. Clara thrilled at the speed and soon outstripped Selina by relaxing into a full gallop. Eventually out of breath, she slowed down and circled back to where her aunt had stopped to take a drink from a cold, clear, gurgling stream.
Lowering her head Clara did likewise, her heart still hammering from her run, feeling exhilarated.
Once they’d both recovered their breath and quenched their thirst, Selina started to lead Clara back towards the trees. Clara was a little disappointed that they appeared to be going back to the cottage, she wanted to run and frolic some more. Horses couldn’t smell as well as dogs, but they certainly had the same acute sense of hearing, and Clara had never been more aware of every muscle in her body. She wanted to explore these new sensations some more.  She followed her aunt reluctantly, stopping occasionally to observe a smell or a sound picked up, to kick at something on the ground that felt strange or to rise up on her hind legs to see how tall she could become. Selina accepted Clara’s loitering with patience and let Clara explore her surroundings at her own pace. 
The route Selina took back to the cottage was off to the side of the main track they’d originally trotted down, and much narrower. As such, it took them longer to travel back, having to go most of the way in single file.
Clara paused to taste a bush at the side of the track and, when she caught up to her aunt, she realised something was wrong. Selina was standing stock still, her ears pointing rigidly in the direction of the main woodland track. Clara stopped too and faced in the same direction, trying to identify what had caught her aunt’s attention.
 She felt Selina tense up beside her and this made Clara anxious. And then she heard it. Something was rumbling down the track towards them. After a few moments she could see what appeared to be two horse-led caravans coming along the track and, running alongside each caravan, was a humongous dog.
Clara turned to her aunt in terror. What would happen if they were seen? What if the dogs came after them? What were they going to do?
Much to her surprise, when Clara turned to Selina, she was no longer seeing the pie bald horse of earlier in the evening, she was now looking at a brown deer.
That makes sense, thought Clara. The woods were much more likely to have wild deer roaming at night than wild ponies, but how did her aunt change like that? Clara stared at Selina in bewilderment for a few moments and then thought, Oh well, you won’t know until you try.  With the picture of her aunt firmly in mind she closed her eyes. 
Okay, she thought. I want to be a brown deer. With big brown eyes, smaller ears and nose. Thickset body, slender legs and two toed hooves. Hearing the Gypsy caravans getting closer, Clara desperately wanted to change into a deer and not disappoint her aunt. When she opened her eyes, it was difficult to see if the change had worked. She appeared to be about the same size she’d been before and she could still feel that she had four legs, but it was dark where they were standing and apparently neither horses nor deer had particularly strong night vision. However, Clara thought the transition had worked, she sensed her aunt’s approval and pride in her mind.
Clara felt Selina move slowly away behind her, in the opposite direction of the Gypsies and obliquely away from the woodland track. Clara turned and followed her aunt as quietly as she could. Behind her she heard one of the dogs begin to growl. Clara froze. She couldn’t help but turn back to see where the growling was coming from. To her relief she could see that, although the dog was clearly aware that they were there, it was tied with a long rope to the caravan and wouldn’t, therefore, be able to follow them. She reached out with her mind to the dog and picked up its thoughts about her and Selina. Its intentions were clearly not friendly as the dog had been walking all day and was both tired and starving. Also, it’s growling had drawn the attention of the other dogs, who also now seemed to be aware that they were missing out on something. The dogs were growling so loudly that Clara was afraid the Gypsies would stop to investigate, and, as this thought crossed her mind, the second caravan was pulled to a halt by its driver.
Clara desperately sent out a mental plea to the dogs to stop growling, she tried to put a picture in their minds of a bowl of dog food and a comfortable blanket to distract them from the smell of herself and her aunt. She tried to tell them mentally that she and Selina were friends and weren’t for eating. After a moment or two Clara realised that the growling had, indeed, stopped. The dogs now sat by the still caravans looking interestedly in her direction but not with the same intense concentration as before. Clara sensed the dogs were confused. 
A Gypsy in one of the caravans shouted to one of the dogs. Sensing that the dogs were under her influence, Clara urged the dog in question to look at its owner and ignore her presence. She was delighted when the dog did so, and then the other two dogs also lost interest in her and her aunt. After a few tense seconds, the Gypsy caravans started to move forward again. A little while later they were out of sight and Clara relaxed. She was covered in sweat, and her heart was hammering at a hundred miles an hour.
Clara turned to Selina, who was standing a little way away, also tense and alert. As the sound of the Gypsies faded away, they both turned and started to make their way back home.
Clara had never been so grateful to see the brightly lit cottage emerging from the dark and know that she wasn’t far from her warm, comfortable, safe bed. She felt like she’d run a marathon, And I probably did, she thought wryly.
Clara wanted to discuss the events of the evening with Selina right after they’d transformed to their human forms. But her aunt directed her straight up the stairs to her bedroom, Clara yawning all the way, and all Clara had the energy to do was to crawl under the bed covers and fall immediately to sleep.
Aunt Selina gazed down at Clara’s relaxed, sleeping face. She was struggling to come to terms with what her niece had been able to achieve that night. She’d changed from one animal form to another on only her third full moon, and she was not only capable of communicating with other animals but appeared to be able to influence them as well. That was a skill that Selina had never been able to develop in all her long years with the gift, and she was proud but also a little envious of Clara’s abilities.
How powerful was her young niece going to turn out to be, she wondered, gently stroking the fringe from Clara’s forehead, and what would it mean for Clara’s future? 
Selina sighed anxiously, she could tell that keeping Clara from danger was going to be a struggle, and she could only hope that the child was mature enough to be able to handle what was coming. 
With a heavy sense of dread, an uneasy Selina quietly left the bedroom, softly closing the door behind her, leaving Clara slumbering peacefully, oblivious of her aunt’s disquiet.

Chapter Twelve


The last thing Clara wanted to do a few hours later was drag her tired brain out of bed to revise. Selina had made a large breakfast and then said she had to go to the village on an errand.
Over lunch, she and Selina discussed the previous night’s events. Through Clara’s retelling from her perspective, Selina was able to confirm her suspicions about Clara’s control over the Gypsies’ dogs. Her aunt reported that there was talk in the village that the Gypsies had set up camp at the back of the woodland and would most likely be there for a few days. 
“We should be fine, though,” said Selina. “As long as we stick to the village in the evenings. The Gypsies should stay near their own camp at night, so there’s no reason to worry about bumping into them again.”
Clara reflected on this. She would’ve liked the opportunity to observe the Gypsies with a view to getting a head start on breaking the curse; however, her fear of getting into trouble in animal form outweighed her curiosity, so she reluctantly agreed with her aunt’s suggestion of giving the Gypsies a wide berth. It did remind her, though, that she wanted to get more information from her aunt about the curse and Clara considered how she might broach the subject in such a way that Selina would discuss it with her, having refused to before. She wasn’t able to create an opportunity, however, before nightfall.
That night, under a clear sky and the brightest full moon that Clara had yet seen, she and her aunt went out to the garden and sat quietly on the garden wall for a few minutes. They both reached out with their minds to see if they could sense if the Gypsies, or any other humans, were anywhere close by.
Clara widened her senses in a broad circle and felt a buzz of electricity run through her as the many and varied animals that were out of sight in the woods entered her mind. She narrowed her focus to try and identify particular species. She couldn’t sense any dogs nearby, which suggested that it was unlikely the Gypsies were around. She could sense an intriguing new type of creature, though, one not found near her own home.
“It’s a badger set,” Selina murmured, sensing Clara’s curiosity. 
Clara was delighted and focused all her senses on the badger family, sensing at least six individual creatures. Some of them were searching for food and some of them were playing, joyfully, glad to be out of the set for a while.
“If they feel safe enough to play outside then there are not likely to be humans nearby,” Selina murmured. Clara nodded in agreement.
“Well, I don’t know about you Clara, but it all seems quiet out there, what do you think?” Selina asked.
“I think I agree Aunt Selina,” replied Clara. 
“Let’s get this show on the road, shall we?” and Selina eased herself off the wall.
They undressed and then, by mutual consent, closed their eyes and transformed. When Clara opened her eyes, she found herself feeling a bit disoriented about being so small and close to the ground. Scrutinising her body, she could tell that the transformation had worked correctly and that she was now the cat that she’d pictured.
“Meow,” she said to the big fat tabby cat that was her aunt. Clara was delighted that the transformation had worked so quickly in this new form. The tabby “Meowed” back with pride.
Walking around the side of the cottage, Clara caught a glimpse of her reflection in one of the windows. She stopped for a moment to admire her sleek and attractive cat self. She had chosen to be like a cat she’d seen on the TV and admired. She had a round face and short thick fur that was a dark grey/blue colour. She’d reasoned that being a dark colour would be harder to spot at night. 
Clara had to run down the lane to catch up with Aunt Selina. She felt very light-footed and was aware of an agility not previously felt in any of her other forms. She couldn’t wait to test it out.
She soon discovered that one disadvantage of being small, though, was an inability to travel quickly through long grass. Selina was taking her along one of the side roads into the village, the road was single track, edged on both sides by a narrow verge of long grass next to hedges that bordered fields of sheep and cows. Clara realised why her aunt had chosen this uncomfortable route when the sound of an approaching vehicle made them freeze. 
A car roared passed them, the speed and massive size giving Clara the fright of her life. The car was gone in a flash of headlights, leaving behind a very nervous Clara, who spent the rest of the journey hugging the hedgerow, jumping at every noise and frequently glancing over her shoulder. She was relieved when they reached the edge of the village in one piece.
Not far into the village was the village square. On one side of the square was a public house, which was doing a roaring Friday night trade. It was brightly lit, and music and laughter blared out whenever anyone opened the door. Aunt Selina and Clara went along the opposite edge of the square and then Selina jumped up on to a wall and started walking along the top. Clara paused for a moment and then followed her aunt. With her cat agility, the leap up the wall didn’t pose a problem and she felt much more secure now that she was higher up. After they’d been walking along the wall for a while, though, Clara noticed that it was a lot deeper on one side than the other. The drop made her dizzy and all at once, her confidence deserted her. I’m so high up, she thought, her knees turning to jelly. As a human she would’ve been able to reach up with her hand and touch the top of the wall, but, as a cat, it seemed a long, long way to the ground.
Realising her niece had stopped; Selina turned back and meowed at her. Clara looked at her aunt, who seemed a long way away, and found she couldn’t move. She was frozen with fear. Selina meowed again and Clara felt her aunt nudging her mentally. Her aunt seemed to be suggesting that Clara should trust her cat instincts and let go of her fear. That’s easier said than done, she thought fretfully. But she couldn’t persuade her legs to move. She was stuck. She couldn’t go forwards or backwards and, whenever she looked down at the ground, she became lightheaded and saw spots in front of her eyes. She closed them tightly. Then Clara heard a sound coming from behind her. Footsteps. Someone was walking along the pathway next to the wall. Someone with a nasty cough. 
The fear of falling to the ground and injuring herself warred inside Clara with the fear of being caught by a stranger. After a few moments, with the footsteps getting ever closer behind her, the fear of being caught won out and Clara found herself running along the wall towards Selina. At the end of the wall, her aunt jumped deftly to the ground and squeezed underneath a parked car. Not even considering the implications of jumping such a height, Clara quickly followed suit.
Under the car Clara lay, quivering, snuggled up against her aunt for comfort. The coughing man soon walked past and continued on his journey without pause. After a while Clara’s quivering stopped. 
Once Selina sensed that Clara had regained some self-assurance she stood up and started moving again. They explored doorways and windows and flowerpots and bins and, eventually, she brought Clara to the base of a tree. In front of Clara’s watchful eyes, Selina started to climb the tree. When she’d climbed part of the way up, she glanced back at Clara and meowed at her, clearly inviting her to come on up.
Clara moved back a few steps on the pavement and then took a running jump at the tree. She seemed to be doing well for a while, but then her momentum started to slacken and one of her back paws slipped. She found herself hanging on to a branch about fifteen feet up, with only the claws of her front two paws stopping her from falling to the hard, unforgiving pavement. Clara meowed desperately to her aunt for help. Selina, who was a few branches higher in the tree, meowed back, and again Clara felt the mental nudge that was her aunt soothing her nerves and telling her to trust her instincts.
Clara took a deep breath, her front claws had a good grip on the tree, and she slowly felt around with her hind legs for a strong foothold. Eventually one of her back paws made contact with the tree trunk and she hauled herself up onto the branch. Realising that her niece had taken about as much adventure as she could handle for one night, Selina came back down and joined Clara on the branch. They lay together for some time, companionably observing the comings and goings of the pub, noting the occasional person walking their dog for the last time that day. Clara found herself getting curious as to what was causing rustling sounds in the grass behind the tree, but her fear of falling off the branch dissuaded her from investigating too closely.
Sometime later, when the pub had closed and was all in darkness, Selina thought it’d be best to start making their way back home. She stood and stepped over Clara to get to the trunk of the tree. She then turned to make sure Clara was watching before descending lightly, and in a graceful manner, down to the ground. She then called up to Clara.
Clara rose unsteadily to her feet and tentatively made her way to the trunk. She’d watched the way Selina had descended from the tree and it seemed easy enough. She hopped shakily down to the next branch, and then down to the next, gaining a little confidence with each descent, until she came to the bit of the tree where the branches ended and there was about six feet of bare trunk between her and the ground. Clara took a deep breath, put her faith in the cat’s instincts and took off. 
She was briefly aware of her claws on the trunk of the tree and then of the ground rapidly approaching. Eyes wide in fear, she saw her legs stretch out in front of her and she landed with a thud. A little shaken, but not hurt. 
Selina rubbed up against her niece in approval and they trotted back out of the village towards the cottage. At this late hour there was no more traffic on the road, but Selina kept close to the verge, just in case. 
On their return to the cottage garden, Selina and Clara sat on the wall for a few minutes once more to make sure that they were alone, apart from wild animals close by, before changing back into their human forms and wearily climbing the stairs to bed.

***

The following morning, with bright sunshine washing over them, Selina told Clara how proud she was of the progress that she’d been making.
“When I learnt about our gift,” Selina said. “I was a dog for months before I was able to try another animal. And I didn’t shape-shift from one animal to another for about a year. You’ve done both of those things in only a couple of months. Also, I pushed you hard last night to use your instincts and you overcame your fear and succeeded in doing so admirably. You’re doing so well.”
“Who taught you about your gift?” Clara asked, curiously.
“My father’s sister, my Aunt Phoebe taught me,” replied Selina. “She never married, and she lived with us, so that made things a whole lot easier. She was mentored by her aunt who also had the gift.”
“I remember you telling me that your aunt was obsessed with the curse,” said Clara, innocently. “What did she find out about it?”
Selina screwed up her eyes and regarded her niece. Clara blinked innocently back at Selina, pretending she wasn’t really interested in the curse, she was just making conversation. But Selina saw through Clara’s ploy, easily.
“She didn’t find out anything,” Selina snapped. “That’s why I know that it’s a hopeless waste of time trying to break the curse. It made her miserable, and it broke her heart in the end.”
Clara was a little taken aback at the intensity of Selina’s response, but she was not to be deterred. She knew that she wouldn’t get another chance to discuss the curse with her aunt during this visit and she wasn’t, therefore, going to waste the opportunity.
“But what was she doing to find out about it for all those years?”
 A look of anger passed across her aunt’s face and Clara thought she was going to lose her temper. However, the moment passed, and Selina merely sighed.
“She spent the vast majority of her life trying to find something that doesn’t exist,” Selina said, shaking her head wearily. “She found an oblique reference, in a letter written by one of our ancestors, that talked about your Great Aunt Clara having potentially written about her life in some diaries. Aunt Phoebe reasoned that the diaries would detail the curse itself, and Clara’s own investigations into breaking it, but it was all nonsense. There’s no way that any of us would risk writing down things about shape-shifting where anyone could read them. And even if Clara had been irresponsible enough to do so, it was a hundred and sixty years ago. The diaries could never have survived to this day. They’d either have been discovered and deliberately destroyed to protect the secret, or they would’ve disintegrated on their own over this length of time.” Selina looked sadly at Clara, “I tried to reason with Aunt Phoebe, but she wouldn’t listen, she kept on searching for the diaries, dead end after dead end, until one day she was too poorly to continue. It broke her heart that she couldn’t break the curse for me – for us.”  Selina was silent for a moment before tutting and shaking her head, again.
Clara watched her aunt closely. Selina seemed genuinely upset, and Clara was a little sorry that she’d brought the subject up. On the other hand, when Selina had talked about the diaries, Clara’s heart had skipped. She couldn’t believe that a person would spend their whole life trying to find something that didn’t exist.  Was it possible that the diaries did exist and that they held the key to breaking the curse? How could Clara get to see the letter that referred to the diaries? She was sure her aunt wouldn’t show it to her willingly.
  “Where did she live?”  Clara asked. “Where was the village that Great Aunt Clara was cursed?”
“Why she lived here,” replied Selina in surprise. “Did I not mention that?”
“No,” replied Clara. “Here in the village, or here in this house?”
“In the village,” replied her aunt, jerking her head in that direction. “This house wasn’t built at the time. She lived in the hall, what’s now the village hall, but at the time it was the home of the village Business Manager. That’s who her father was. There was a Lord and Lady who lived in the big estate house, and our family served them and lived in the village. A couple of generations back the Lord donated the hall to the village and what was left of our relatives moved into this cottage. It was left to me by my parents,” her aunt shrugged.
Clara nodded. So, if the diaries existed at all, she thought. They’d most likely be in the village hall somewhere. At least it was a place to start.
“My aunt told me that she’d searched the hall from top to bottom on many occasions and didn’t find anything,” said Selina, as if she could read Clara’s mind.
“Hmm,” said Clara noncommittally.
“Now, young lady, time for you to get some revision done,” said Selina. “And I’ll go to the village and leave you in peace.”
For a while after her aunt had left, Clara mulled over their discussion. She couldn’t understand her aunt’s acceptance that there was no way to break the curse. She was sure that there must be a way and learning about Phoebe and the diaries had cemented Clara’s determination to find it.  
In addition to the village hall, Clara decided it’d be worth spending a bit of time nosing around the cottage to see if she could find anything Phoebe had left behind. After all Phoebe had lived in the cottage. There must be evidence of her years of searching somewhere. Clara realised that she wouldn’t be able to do it in front of her aunt, though. It would have to be done in secret. And she was going home tomorrow, so she wouldn’t have much of a chance to do any investigating on this visit.
Instead of revising, Clara spent the hour that her aunt was out of the cottage investigating. Going through drawers in the kitchen and living room and rummaging in dusty store cupboards. She felt a little guilty about snooping through her aunt’s personal belongings, But, thought Clara resentfully, it’s Selina’s own fault for keeping secrets that I have a right to know.
Her initial search was a bust. She didn’t find anything pertinent to her earlier conversation with her aunt so, disappointed; she pulled her schoolbooks out and was pretending to revise when Selina returned a few minutes later. 
On the third night of the full moon, Clara decided to go back to being the faithful sheep dog. After the adventures of the previous two nights, she took comfort in the familiarity of her dog form.
In bed, later that night, Clara found she was unable to sleep as her mind turned over everything, she’d learnt that day. She was excited by the possibilities presented by the diaries and wondered how she could use her special gifts to find them. She fell asleep developing a plan of action to do just that.

Chapter Thirteen


Aunt Selina let Clara sleep in on Sunday morning. Clara woke late, and felt energised by her lie in. After a hearty breakfast, she packed her things away and then she and her aunt went for a walk. It was refreshing to get out during the day and Clara enjoyed listening to the bird song and seeing the lambs playing in the fields. All too soon it was time for Clara to catch her train home and start the next school term.
Over the next two weeks, Sinead and Clara compared notes on what answers they’d put for various exam questions during their daily walks home. To Clara’s discomfort, Sinead also told her what her friend Sarah had put for her answers. It seemed that, because Clara had been spending so much time either revising or at her aunt’s house, Sinead had been spending more time with a classmate of hers, called Sarah. Sinead seemed to hold Sarah in high regard as she thought that Sarah’s answers were most likely to be the correct ones, particularly, it seemed to Clara, when Sarah’s answers differed from Clara’s. As the days went by Clara became more and more depressed. I can’t blame Sinead, she thought sadly, After all, I’m the one who’s distracted. Still, they’d been best friends since infant school and Clara felt the loss of their closeness keenly. She decided to make more of an effort to spend time with Sinead, to repair their ailing friendship.
Finally, the exams were complete, and the rest of the term was dedicated to completing course work projects. Now, thought Clara, I’ll have some time to make things up to Sinead. Unfortunately, this was not to be. The school trips had been organised for this time of year, but Clara couldn’t go because the first-year trip clashed with the next full moon.
As Clara waved Sinead and her other classmates away on the school bus, she felt angry about having the curse.  While Sinead was away, Clara sullenly kept to herself in the library where she worked on her projects alone, trying not to think about how much fun her friend was having without her.
On the first night of the full moon Clara went to bed, as usual, and then listened for her parent’s downstairs. After a while she heard her mum come up to bed. Sometime later, though, her father was still downstairs. Clara was getting a stronger and stronger urge to transform and wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold it off. What was her dad doing down there? He was always in bed by now. After a few more minutes suffering a building agitation that was turning torturous to hold inside, Clara crept out of her bedroom and down the stairs, her heart thumping loudly at the fear of getting caught.
As she reached the bottom step, she could see that the living room door was open and, through the door, she could see her dad stretched out on the sofa with the TV on. Clara froze in case he saw or heard her, but then realised that there was another noise coming out of the room – her dad’s gentle snoring. Clara rolled her eyes – of all the nights to fall asleep on the sofa. She tiptoed through to the kitchen and slipped out of the back door and down the garden path. Having successfully left the house undiscovered, she hurried to her usual spot, hoping with all her might that her dad would’ve gone to bed by the time she returned later in the night.
On reaching the log she didn’t have time to dwell on what type of animal she’d become. She was barely out of her clothes when it felt like someone had snagged a rope in her belly button and pulled it sharply. Gulping for breath, she bent over, wrapped her arms around her stomach, and squeezed her eyes shut. Her legs gave way and she collapsed on to her hands and knees. As the aching sensation started to subside, she began breathing more easily and, when she opened her eyes, she had taken her dog form. When her legs felt strong enough to bear her weight, she shakily padded off up the track to her hilltop spot, where she sat for a while, calming down and re-familiarising herself with the area. She stretched out her senses to see what was going on locally, and touched the minds of the usual dogs, cats, foxes, squirrels and birds. She found the mind of the wild dog and noted that he was in his usual spot, hunting for food. 
Clara began to relax. She’d mastered, and was able to control, the onslaught of animal forms at each full moon and submerged herself fully in the ebb and flow of the forms in her mind. They gently came in and out of focus. She noted all of the separate species and the individuals within families. After a while, she was so relaxed that she was almost in a hypnotic state. It was in that state that she suddenly felt a surge of power flow through her, along with a realisation that she could make all of the animals in her mind do whatever she wanted them to. The surge continued on, swelling her mind to gigantic proportions and she began to feel frightened, it was out of control and wasn’t going to stop. It was engulfing her, subsuming her own conscious self. Clara gasped and instinctively threw up a wall in her mind. She felt the surge slow, halt and then withdraw, like a wave retreating from a beach. 
Sagging in relief, Clara was left with an empty cavern in her mind, with merely the faint echo of the presence of the animals that had occupied it completely only a few seconds before. 
She sat, panting, while uncontrolled tremors ran through her body. In order to take back total possession of her mind, she focused on the land below and repeated the names of everything she could see in the whitewash of the moonlight. Grass, trees, moon, fields, crops, sheep. She felt the tremors fading away and her body returning to a more normal state.
Wow! she thought. What the heck was that? she felt both awe and fear at the strength of the power that had possessed her a few moments before. It was so alien that it’d initially felt like it had come from outside her body. However, on reflection, she realised that it had come from within her. The power had surged up out of the centre of her being it’d broken free from some small dark place inside her. 
Clara shivered. She wondered what else lay hidden in the depths of her sub-conscious. Now that the fear had mostly dissipated, she was curious enough to want to explore this new power a little more. But, she thought, Tomorrow night is soon enough.
Having made this decision, Clara sat quietly on the hill and watched the moon move slowly across the mostly cloudless sky. After a while, though, Clara got a little bored and decided to go for a walk. She went back down the track and followed the edge of the woodland until she came to a path that went off towards the farm fields. Following it, she came across a short track leading up to a farmyard.
Clara made her way up to the farm gate and took a look inside. In the light from the moon she could see a farmhouse surrounded by a huge barn and other smaller outbuildings. All was in darkness. Clara sniffed the air and cocked her ears. She could neither smell nor hear any other dogs in the farmyard. Satisfied that she wouldn’t be discovered or set upon, she slipped between the rails of the gate. Keeping close to the wall, she trotted around the outer edges of the yard and peeked curiously into the outbuildings.
There were tools and other equipment stored in the first couple of sheds. The third building she couldn’t see into, but her nose told her that it was a milking shed. Clara was beginning to enjoy her game of guess the contents when she heard a commotion start up around the corner. Some chickens were making nervous clucking noises, Clara could hear them crooning and shuffling in their coop. Had they heard her in the yard? Was she upsetting them? Clara turned to make her way back out of the gate when an explosion of panicked noise from the chickens made her turn back. Clara reached out to them mentally to see what was upsetting them and unfortunately, in doing so, was caught up in their terror. She wasn’t the one causing their fear – there was something else trying to get into the coop.
Clara shot in the direction of the chicken coop. Rounding the corner she could see a fox digging at the dirt outside the protective fence surrounding the coop. Still caught up in the terror of the chickens’ minds, Clara ran at the fox, barking frantically. As soon as it saw and heard her, the fox froze, and then took off into a field and out of sight. At the same time, lights came on in the farmhouse and the door was thrown open, spilling bright, yellow light across the yard.
“It’s a dog,” she heard someone yell. “Be off with you.” 
And a large, shadowy form started moving aggressively towards her. Now aware that she was the one being chased, and fearing for her own safety, Clara ran as fast as she could through the farmyard. She barely slowed down to jump through the gate and didn’t stop running until she’d reached the safety of the woods.
Panting crazily, she trotted back up to her hilltop spot and flopped down in the grass to recover. Whew! she thought, shaking all over. That was intense.
On reflection, she realised she’d been lucky. It wasn’t uncommon for farmers to have guns for protecting their livestock. She had merely been chased. She’d also learnt an important lesson about being in the minds of other creatures. She’d never felt as frightened as when she’d read the minds and experienced the terror of the chickens and it’d severely clouded her judgement. She was sure the fox would’ve run away, even if she hadn’t barked at it. She might then have been able to leave the scene without alerting the farmer to her presence.
Clara stretched her mind in the direction of the farm. She picked out the minds of the chickens and realised that they were already asleep. They were completely over the drama of a few minutes ago. Humph! she thought. But with all the excitement and the exercise, she was feeling tired, so she made her way home. Peering in through the back door as far as she could see, the house seemed to be in darkness. She slowly and silently opened the back door, crept in and shut it behind her. She tiptoed to the bottom of the stairs and listened intently. Hearing no suspicious sounds, she went up. As she was entering her room, the door to her parents’ bedroom started to open. Clara flung herself into bed, pulled the duvet up to her chin, and lay as still as possible. Seconds later, she heard her door being pushed open.
“Clara, are you awake?” her dad whispered. Clara didn’t respond but was sure her heart was pounding so loudly he couldn’t help but hear it. After a few seconds, though, she heard her door being pulled to and then the bathroom light across the hall was switched on. Clara didn’t move a muscle until she was sure that her dad had gone back to bed and fallen asleep. At which point she pulled off her outdoor clothes, too tired to do anything other than drop them off the side of the bed. She pulled her nightie over her head and, wondering what else could possibly go wrong the following night, she promptly fell asleep.

Chapter Fourteen


Clara slept through her alarm the following morning, “Come on, sleepy head. It’s almost the weekend,” her mum said ruffling her hair. Clara grunted and slid out of bed. 
Later that day, Clara was pretending to read in the school library with her chin in her hands, when her tiredness and the heat of the room conspired to send her into a doze. 
She was a dog again, padding along the track to the farm gate, only this time it was in bright daylight. Then, a fox strolled out of the hedge up ahead and stood in her path. The fox looked like it was laughing at her. She found that she was annoyed with the fox and was about to chase it, when the school bell rang for lunch and she was startled back into wakefulness. Clara looked around quickly to see if anyone had noticed but was relieved to find that she was alone.
After dinner that evening, Clara told her parents that she wanted to finish off one of her projects and went to her room, where she lay down and nodded off to sleep.
A couple of hours later, Clara woke to see the moon shining brightly through the window. She sat up and watched it for a while, considering the night ahead, before going downstairs for a drink. Her parents asked how her project was coming along and Clara lied that she’d finished it. She spent some time sitting with her parents and brother watching the end of a film, and then went back to her room.
This time, to fill the hours until transformation, Clara actually did do some of her project work, putting it away when she felt it was time for her parents to come upstairs. A few minutes later, she heard her mum come up. She put her head around Clara’s door but left quickly as Clara feigned sleep. She heard her do the same at Peter’s door and then proceed to her own room. Clara waited and waited but her dad didn’t come up. She didn’t want to repeat the events of the previous night, so decided to take the chance of going downstairs before she started to feel the desperate urge to transform. She crept down to find her father apparently sleeping on the sofa once again. She softly pulled the living room door closed, went through the kitchen and out the back door.
Clara decided to stick with her dog form initially this evening, but thought she’d practice changing forms later. In dog form, she went up to her hilltop spot and reached out with her mind. All seemed to be calm in the local area. She couldn’t “hear” her wild dog companion; he must’ve gone out of his usual territory this evening. Satisfied that she wouldn’t be disturbed, Clara closed her eyes and pictured the fox from the night before. She pictured its pointy noise and crafty eyes, it’s straight, arrow like ears. Its ginger fur and bushy tail, its black boots and long body. She imagined all of those attributes on herself. She felt a tingle run through her body. When the sensation stopped, she opened her eyes. She knew she definitely wasn’t a dog anymore because she felt different, unfamiliar, but had she become a fox? Clara crossed her eyes to peer down her nose – it looked pointy to her – then she stood up and examined her feet. In the moonlight, she could tell that the fur above her ankles was definitely a lighter colour. Clara inspected her tail – Yep, there it was – a bushy tail with a black bit at the end.
Clara yipped with joy and ran around the clearing, occasionally leaping and pouncing on imaginary prey, in a fox-like way. She decided to test her foxy abilities and stood scanning the area. She concluded that foxes were similar to dogs in that they also had an excellent sense of smell and good hearing. She thought, though, that foxes had better night vision than the dogs. 
After she was done wearing out all of her fox abilities Clara transformed back into her dog form.
Then she took a deep breath and relaxed her mind. She was hoping to initiate the power surge she’d felt the night before, but in a way that she could control this time. But no matter how hard she tried she couldn’t do it. Every time she started to relax and become submerged in the animal forms in her mind, her subconscious would remember the feeling of being overwhelmed, and the fear she’d felt the night before would return, causing Clara to tense.
Each time she tensed up, she’d roll her head and her shoulders to ease the tension and breathe deeply to initiate the meditative state. But she didn’t seem to be able to overcome her subconscious fear of the power surge and the tension returned at each attempt.
After several attempts, Clara got very frustrated. She sighed deeply, and decided it was time to call it a night.
Once dressed and back at her garden gate, though, Clara found she had a problem. It appeared that her dad was no longer sleeping on their sofa but had woken up and decided to get a cup of tea, which he was sitting at the kitchen table drinking. As the back door was located in the kitchen, this meant that Clara couldn’t slip in without being seen. And she didn’t have her front door key on her, so she was stuck. There was nothing for it – she was going to have to wait until he left. Clara found a stone to perch on and tried to make herself comfortable for the wait. 
After half an hour, though, her dad was still sitting there. His tea was stone cold, and he was staring at whatever was on the table in front of him. What is he doing? Clara thought, desperately. She was cold and tired, and she’d jumped several times in the last half hour, hearing mysterious noises in the trees behind her. Each time she’d reached out and identified a harmless animal mind, but her nerves were on edge.
Eventually, when Clara was about to start crying from sheer cold and exhaustion, her dad rose from the table, put the papers he’d been reading in a drawer, switched off the kitchen light and made his way upstairs. Clara closed her eyes and prayed that he wouldn’t check in on her on his way to bed, or if he did, that her pillows would fool him into thinking she was there.
After waiting a few minutes more, she stood up and stiffly made her way along the garden path to the back door. Holding her breath, she unlocked and opened the door, slipped in and closed it behind her. She waited a few moments, listening for movement upstairs and, when she didn’t hear anything, she started breathing again.
Clara was making her way across the kitchen when she noticed that her dad hadn’t fully closed the drawer holding his papers. Curious, she pulled the drawer open and took out the papers on the top. Not wanting to put the light on Clara took the papers over to the window and, although she couldn’t read them properly, she could see by the light of the moon that the top one was a newspaper article about the company her dad worked for. The headline read “LOCAL COMPANY VICTIM OF RECESSION,” the by-line went on to say that the company was struggling because its customers were taking longer to pay for their goods. The company was currently being supported by their bank, but they didn’t know how much longer they could do so before having to reduce their costs, which would mean losing staff.
Clara felt sick. This explained her dad’s peculiar behaviour. No wonder he was having problems sleeping. Clara didn’t know much about her parent’s financial affairs, but she knew that there were loads of things her friends had, like mobile phones and computer games, that her parents couldn’t afford. She knew this was why her parents pushed her to be successful at school.
Clara sighed miserably and put the papers back in the drawer. She went to bed with a heavy heart and took a while to drop off to sleep, her troubles keeping her awake. With her eyes closed, and a frown drawn across her features, she worried over the development of her gift. She worried about how she was going to break the curse. She fretted about the breakdown of her friendship with Sinead and about the security of her dad’s job and, most of all; she was deeply concerned about whether or not she was going to have problems getting in and out of the house the following night. 

Chapter Fifteen


The following morning, Clara wasn’t the only one to sleep late. When she went downstairs, she was surprised to see her dad at the table eating his breakfast.
“No work today?” she asked.
“No,” he replied. “They’ve given me a few Saturday mornings off so that I can see more of my family.” He smiled at Clara and gave her a one-armed hug.
“That’s nice,” said Clara, knowing full well that this was one of the ways her dad’s company had decided to reduce costs, but playing along with her dad’s story anyway. 
“What are we going to do today, then?” she asked.
“Well,” said her mum. “There’s a car boot sale up at the farm today, I thought we might go and see if we can find a game to buy for Friday evenings, instead of getting DVDs. Don’t you think that sounds fun?”
“Mmm,” said Clara unenthusiastically. They’d have to find a game for Peter’s age group, rather than her own, and whenever they’d previously played games with her parents, they’d always lose deliberately in favour of one of the children.
As Peter came into the kitchen to find out what he was missing out on, she immediately felt guilty. He was the one that would miss the DVDs most. It was the least she could do to spare an hour once a week to keep him, and her parents, happy.
A little while later they were all walking out of the estate and down the road to the car boot sale. There were hundreds of stalls selling all sorts of things from clothes to books to crafts, and they took their time wandering around, looking for bargains. They came home, weighed down with second-hand games and study books and clothes. They’d even bought some of the farms produce to have for their tea.
Clara’s third night of shape-shifting was gratifyingly uneventful. She was relieved to hear her dad going to bed at the same time as her mum, so she could leave the house at her usual time. In her dog form she tried, but failed, to access her new power and, giving up on it for the time being, spent most of the night sitting on the hilltop clearing, trying to resolve some of the things that had kept her awake the night before. Of course, there was nothing she could do about her dad’s job, but she decided she would seek out Sinead, as soon as the school trip was finished, and spend some quality time with her. Having resolved to do this, she spent some considerable time staring down at her house, trying to come up with ways she could get back into her bedroom if the front and back doors were inaccessible for any reason. She’d brought both keys out with her this evening, but a way to get back in through her bedroom window would be much more preferable, she thought. All she’d need to do is leave the window open, and then she could get back in that way if necessary.
What kinds of animals would be able to get in through an upstairs window, though, she pondered. She’d have to become an animal that was either an excellent climber, or something that could fly. The idea of becoming something that could fly excited her, but also reminded her of her aunt’s warning about the difficulty of becoming a small animal. A largish, climbing animal could also be a bit of a problem – imagine if somebody saw a monkey climbing up the drainpipe outside her window!
There’s nothing for it, she thought, I’m going to have to speak to Aunt Selina and get some advice.

***

Clara’s projects were all completed and submitted on time, and the half-term holidays were approaching. She received her exam results back and was pleased to have scored highly in all of her lessons. Her parents were also delighted and said that they were going to get her a special present for her birthday as a reward.
Her twelfth birthday took place during the half-term holiday and, as a treat, Clara’s parents took her to see a film at the cinema. For her birthday present, her parents gave Clara a small, second-hand TV for her bedroom. Clara was thrilled with this little piece of independence, as it’d give her an excuse to go to her room more often.
Before she knew it, Clara was back at school for the final term of the school year. The weather was warmer, the evenings were lighter, and with the exams and course work behind them, everyone was in a good mood.
Even Sinead seemed to have forgiven Clara, and almost seemed back to her old self. Clara had missed her friend and was happy that their friendship was getting back to being like old times, even if it sometimes meant making up a threesome with Sarah.
Her parents were also pleased that Clara and Sinead had made up, to the extent that they turned a blind eye to the occasional time that Clara came back late from an evening out with her friend.
One pleasant evening, the girls were taking advantage of the long mild day and were walking through the woodland at the back of Clara’s house. While Clara was now familiar with the area, Sinead had not come into the woodland before and was enjoying their little adventure. It was getting late and, as some clouds flitted across the sky, Sinead glanced up and said, “Ooh, look at the moon.”
Clara didn’t need to, to know that the moon was almost full, but she did so for her friends’ benefit, and commented on how pretty it was. Then a deep growling sound started up along the path ahead of them. Both girls immediately froze and stared down the path. Clara hadn’t noticed how far they’d walked, and they’d accidentally wandered into the wild dog’s territory. He was, apparently, annoyed at their presence.
Clara glanced over at her friend and could see Sinead was frightened. The growling became louder and Clara saw her friend begin to shake.
“Don’t make any sudden movements,” Clara murmured under her breath. She was sure her friend’s fear would result in a panicked flight, and she didn’t want the dog to chase after Sinead.
“What are we going to do?” Sinead whispered. Clara could see Sinead was using all her willpower not to turn and run and it was quickly running out.
“Take a step back, slowly,” said Clara, and she reached over and took Sinead’s hand in hers. As both girls edged backwards, the dogs growling became louder and more ferocious and it lowered its head and took a step towards them.
Okay, thought Clara. That was a bad idea, what now?
Clara reached out with her mind to the dog. Even though it wasn’t a full moon, Clara found she could connect with the dog’s mind. She could sense that it was starving and felt extremely threatened by their presence. She sent it calming thoughts.
We are not your enemy, she said mentally. We want to be friends with you. 
She continued to repeat this message for a while and then reached out again to see if it was making any difference. Unfortunately, the dog was so hungry that it was irrational; almost insane with hunger, and not interested in being friendly.
Clara started to feel nervous, herself. She couldn’t calm the dog down and they couldn’t move without it chasing them. Sinead’s shaking had turned into a quiet sobbing and Clara knew it was only a matter of time before Sinead either completely collapsed or took off. Clara tightened her grip on her friend’s hand.
And then an idea formed in her mind. It was crazy, though. It would never work. And Clara’s eyes moved from the beast in front of them up to the moon and back. Sweat trickled down her spine. The dog’s growling continued. Try as she might, Clara couldn’t think of a better idea.
“Sinead, listen to me carefully,” said Clara, urgently. “I think I heard someone on the track behind us. I’m going to see if they can help. Stand very still and don’t look the dog in the eye. If you don’t move, I don’t think he will either.”
“No!” Sinead whispered, frantically. “You can’t leave me here. If you move the dog will attack us.”
“No, it won’t,” said Clara. “I’m positive it won’t. Don’t worry, this will be over soon. But you need to keep still for a moment or two longer”. While she was talking to Sinead, Clara was simultaneously sending thoughts to the dog that she didn’t exist, and she thought it was working because the dog was focusing on Sinead and ignoring Clara’s slow, backward movement. Clara could tell that Sinead wasn’t happy with the plan but didn’t know quite what to do about it. By this point Clara had edged towards some conveniently thick bushes and she ducked down behind them, hidden from view.
Behind the bush, she closed her eyes tightly and concentrated with all her might on becoming a dog. She focused hard on the dog’s shape and fur; she concentrated on improving her sense of smell and hearing. While she was doing so, she heard the tenor of the growling dog change, and knew she only had seconds left before the dog decided to take action against its intruder. Opening her eyes, Clara was surprised and elated to find that the transformation had worked. But she didn’t have time to think about how or why. She leapt into action, running from behind the bush to the stray’s right and barking at it. Clara stopped about ten metres away, lowered her head and growled a challenge at the stray. 
Her plan worked immediately, the dog turned fully in her direction, initially surprised, but then reacting instantly to this new threat. Knowing that she needed to get the dog to move away from Sinead, Clara barked again, advancing and retreating in front of the animal. The dog seemed confused by her behaviour, but its natural instincts took over and it decided that this new intruder needed to be shown who was boss. 
Having access to its mind gave Clara the advantage of knowing the exact moment it decided to attack, and as it did so, she turned tail and ran for the trees. Being slightly smaller than the wild dog gave Clara the advantage in the brush of the woods and she was soon far ahead of it. Only when she mentally heard the dog decide that she was well out of his territory, did she slow down and check behind her. True enough, the dog had stopped following her and was pacing just outside of its territorial boundary.
Hoping with all her heart that her friend had run as soon as Clara had distracted the wild dog and was now safely home, Clara surreptitiously looped back to her pile of clothes, shape-shifted back into her human form, dressed and headed to her friend’s house.
When she arrived, it was to find her friend sobbing hysterically, unable even to tell her parents what was wrong. Clara explained what had happened to Sinead’s parents, saying that she’d gone for help and when she came back her friend had gone. As Sinead seemed to be starting to calm down, Clara left the family to it and went home.
That night, Clara replayed in her head the events of the day. She relived the fear from being threatened by the dog, her friend’s distress and most of all, her ability to shape-shift, even though there wasn’t a full moon. But how had she managed to do it? How had she thwarted the curse? Could it be that the curse had weakened over time? Was it because Clara had a strong transition? Clara punched her pillow in frustration at all her questions. There was so much she had to learn about her gift. Would her aunt know the answers? Clara wasn’t sure that she would. Selina had already told Clara that the skills Clara had displayed were more than Selina had ever been able to do. I bet Great Aunt Clara would know, thought Clara. If only I could’ve had a chance to talk to her. Is that why she wrote the diaries? So her expansive knowledge wouldn’t be lost? I need to find them. It was her last conscious thought of the night.

***

The following day Clara didn’t see Sinead in school. Sinead didn’t call on Clara over the weekend and Clara only glimpsed her at a distance on Monday. On her way home from school on Tuesday, though, she saw Sinead leave the school ahead of her and ran to catch her up.
“Sinead,” she called. As Clara ran up behind her, Sinead spun around. Clara was stunned by the expression of anger on her friend’s face. 
“Don’t you talk to me,” spat Sinead. “You left me to get attacked by that dog. You are no friend of mine.” And with that Sinead turned her back on Clara and stormed away. Clara felt the blood drain from her face. She was shocked senseless and could do nothing but watch numbly as her former friend marched away. That was the last thing she’d been expecting. Tears stung her eyes. It’s not fair, she thought. She’d prevented Sinead from getting attacked by the dog and, instead of Sinead being grateful, she was blaming Clara. And there was nothing Clara could do about it. 
Clara was not aware of her journey home. When her mum saw the expression on Clara’s face and asked what was wrong, Clara found that she couldn’t talk through the lump in her throat. She merely shook her head and broke down in a flood of tears. Her mum gently folded Clara into her embrace and held her, murmuring soothingly and stroking her hair while she sobbed. 
When she was all cried out, Clara told her mum about falling out with Sinead. Her mum tried to assure her that it’d all be forgotten soon, and the friends would forgive each other, but as Clara blew her nose and wiped the tears from her face, she knew that there was no going back. She kept seeing, in her mind’s eye, the anger and hatred on Sinead’s face and knew that their friendship was broken beyond repair.
Later that evening, alone in her room, Clara’s sadness turned to anger as she thought, once again, about the disadvantages of the curse. Why couldn’t she be normal, like everyone else? Why did she have to be a freak? As the hurt radiated through Clara, she decided she wasn’t going to put herself in this situation again. If she didn’t have any close friends, then there was no chance that she could be hurt by them. Until the curse was broken, she’d remain alone. She’d focus her attention on developing her gift to its fullest extent. She’d learn everything her aunt had to teach her and push her gift even further beyond that. She wanted to be able to do everything Great Aunt Clara could do. And she’d find the diaries to help her.
Clara determined to speak to her mum first thing in the morning about how soon she could next visit her aunt at the cottage.

Chapter Sixteen


Aunt Selina arrived at Clara’s house near the end of the school year and as the next full moon was due.  The plan was that when Selina returned home, Clara would go with her and stay for some of the summer holidays. 
Clara was delighted to see her aunt and desperately wanted to talk to her about everything that’d happened over the previous couple of months, but it was several days after Selina’s arrival before they found some time to be alone.
After dinner one evening Selina suggested that she wanted to get some exercise and asked Clara if she’d go with her. Clara eagerly agreed and guided her aunt out the back door and into the woods. She showed Selina where she shape-shifted, and she took her to the hilltop spot she went to on the nights of the full moon. She told her aunt about the different animals she’d become, pointed out the farm where she’d chased off the fox and she even showed her aunt where she’d taken to leaving food out for the wild dog so that it didn’t starve. She explained what had happened with Sinead and Selina told Clara that she’d been very brave to do what she’d done. 
“I’ll admit,” said Selina, as they walked companionably through the trees. “I’ve never heard about any ancestor since the curse that has been able to transform before the moon was full.” And Selina was silent for a moment, “Are you sure you didn’t get your days mixed up and there was a full moon?” she asked.
“I’m absolutely sure,” replied Clara fervently. “The first night of the full moon is always on a Thursday, but I was out with Sinead on the Tuesday night.”  Selina frowned at her niece, thoughtfully.
“Well,” she began. “You’ve had a strong transition,” and Selina shrugged, “Maybe that’s why you were successful in doing it.”  
Clara looked at her aunt. From Selina’s expression, Clara could tell that her aunt didn’t quite believe her story. At that moment, Clara’s previous thoughts about whether Selina would be able to answer her questions came back to her and she felt her heart sink a little, her aunt might not be as knowledgeable as Clara had hoped she was.
On another evening walk, Clara asked Selina what she’d done on the three nights of the full moon. Clara was slightly disappointed to hear that her aunt generally changed into a cat, stayed in the house, and slept most of the night away in cat form. But then she thought about how nice it must be not to have to sneak in and out of the house on those nights and to be able to transform without worrying about being found out. As they were walking back to the house, Clara noticed that someone had opened her bedroom window. She decided to use it as an opportunity to raise one of her concerns with her aunt. 
They paused to evaluate the situation from the woods. There was no porch or anything to climb up on under the window. There was a drainpipe, but it was slippery and a little distant from the window itself. Eventually Selina agreed that the only animal that could get in would either be a primate or winged animal. 
“But I think it’s too soon in your development to start thinking about that kind of advanced shape-shifting,” Selina said firmly. “You’re still learning to use your instincts in dog and cat form.”
“But I’m much more advanced than that, Aunt Selina,” protested Clara. “I’ve been practising changing from one form to another; I’ve changed into the forms of deer and foxes. I can control the other animals in my mind and completely shut them out if I want to. I’m ready for this Aunt Selina, honestly.”
Selina shook her head vigorously, “No,” she said, frowning. “You’re doing too much, too fast. You shouldn’t be pushing your gift so far. It’s dangerous.” 
“How is it dangerous?” Clara asked.
“The gift is powerful, Clara. Have you forgotten the story I told you about Martin? How he lost himself in his animal form? Or about how Stephen lost his temper and transformed in front of children? You need to maintain discipline with the gift, be strong minded, stay focused. If you let it take control, who knows what could happen?” Selina shuddered and Clara could tell her aunt was genuinely afraid for her. 
Clara sighed. She thought that, maybe, if she could show her aunt how strong and in control she was during the next full moon, maybe Selina would teach Clara how to transform into a bird or primate.
So, for the three nights of the full moon, Clara showed Selina how confident she’d become at transforming. Selina was impressed by her niece and kept trying to set her tasks that would catch her out. But Clara passed them all with flying colours. She transformed from a dog to a cat and raced up a tree as if she’d been doing it her whole life. And she shape-shifted back into human form when her aunt did, even though Selina tried it as early as she, herself, was able to on the third night. 
Overall, Clara was pleased with her performance. Selina was troubled.

***

Both Clara and Peter were ecstatic when the end of the school term arrived. Six weeks off, with no school and no homework to worry them.
A few days after the end of term, Clara’s mum helped her to pack a case to take to her aunt’s house. Clara could tell that her mum was going to miss her while she was away, and she knew that she’d miss all of her family. She’d be relieved, though, to have a break from keeping secrets all the time and being mindful of keeping up her act of normality.
Clara’s parents and brother took Clara and Selina to the train station the following morning, helping them with their luggage onto the train and waving them enthusiastically away. 
When they arrived, Selina arranged for a taxi to take them to the cottage with their luggage. As they passed through the village Clara glanced longingly at the village hall, the front door of which was open to the warm, summer’s day.
At the cottage, Clara unpacked and put away her clothes and set a framed family photo her mum had encouraged her to bring, next to her bed. Clara remembered that it’d been taken the last time the family were on holiday together and had gone for a picnic with their cousins.
After she was satisfied that everything was in order, she went downstairs and found her aunt sitting in the garden enjoying a glass of homemade lemonade. Clara flopped down onto the other garden chair and helped herself to a glass. They sat in silence for a while, listening to the sounds of the woods and thinking; Clara about how she could raise the topic of advanced shape-shifting with her aunt, and Selina about how she could prevent her niece from raising that exact subject. After a while, Selina suggested that they go to the shop in the village to stock up the kitchen.
Walking back through the village sometime later, laden with the groceries, they were stopped by a lady known to Selina who had just come out of the village hall.
“Selina, my dear. You’re back. And I see you have your niece with you. How are you Clara?” The lady asked.
“I’m very well, thank you,” replied Clara politely.
“Clara, you remember Mrs Jones. You met her when you visited me last. How’re the preparations for the show coming along Mrs Jones?” Selina asked.
“Why don’t you come in and see?” Mrs Jones replied, ushering them towards the hall.
“We can stop by for a minute or two,” replied Selina. “But we can’t stay long – we need to get all this home.”
Clara was curious about the village hall and was eager to go inside and see it. As Selina and Mrs Jones talked about the preparations for the annual flower show, Clara wandered about the hall, looking at the notice boards and other displays. It was apparent that some of the original walls had been knocked down to create the large hall, with a stage at one end for shows. As Clara wandered down to the end of the hall, she noticed a door going to other rooms at the back, which turned out to be an office and some dressing rooms. There were also stairs leading down to a basement level and upwards to a first floor. Unfortunately, Clara was unable to explore further, as her aunt was calling her. They went back to the cottage and put the shopping away, all the while with Clara thinking about how she could find an opportunity to spend some proper time investigating the hall.
However, opportunities for exploring came sooner than Clara thought. While they were in between full moons, Aunt Selina wanted to avoid the subject of advanced shape-shifting, so she encouraged Clara to get out and about and explore the area on her own.
She wasn’t able to find an excuse to get into the village hall, which was locked most of the time, however, she explored the village thoroughly and became very familiar with it. They even went up to the estate house for a look around when it was open to the public.
A couple of weeks into her stay, Clara finally had an opportunity to fully explore the hall. Aunt Selina had been drafted in to help with the decorations for the flower show and had invited Clara to come along. After an hour of supplying paint and brushes and paper to various helpers in the hall, Clara slipped away through the door at the back and went into each of the rooms she found there.
She explored the rooms and noted that most of the original woodwork appeared to still be there. The floors, however, had been covered with linoleum and the walls had been painted over. If I was Great Aunt Clara where would I hide a secret diary? It would need to be somewhere I could access fairly easily, like my bedroom, or maybe a playroom or attic. And to keep it a secret, you’d need to find somewhere safe like a loose floorboard. Unfortunately, she wouldn’t be able to investigate the walls or floors without ripping up the linoleum or destroying the paintwork. She continued to inspect the rooms anyway in the hopes of finding some kind of clue.
Having not found anything of interest on the ground floor, Clara climbed the stairway to the first floor. At the top of the stairs was a long corridor that ran down the length of the building ending at a window, which overlooked the village square. There were rooms on both sides of the corridor. Clara wandered along, trying the door handles along the way. Some of them were locked. Peeking into the ones that weren’t, Clara saw that they were principally small offices and classrooms.
Clara briefly stepped into each unlocked room. The floors in these rooms weren’t covered and the wood panelling on the walls was varnished rather than painted. While this was a bit more promising than the ground floor, Clara still had no idea what each room might’ve been used for when her Great Aunt Clara was alive.
When she reached the last room in the corridor, Clara hit pay dirt. It was currently being used as a library. Perusing the shelves, Clara saw that it mostly held technical journals, however, hung on one wall, was a large framed architectural picture of the village hall showing its original usage. In addition to this, there was a leaflet describing the family that had lived there and giving information about what their daily lives would’ve been like.
Clara peered closely at the picture. It appeared that the ground floor rooms of the house had been used for business purposes, including offices and storerooms. The first floor had been the living quarters including a dining room, living room, school room/playroom and several bedrooms. The next floor up was described as the attic rooms and was mostly storage space or servants’ quarters.
Clara had been right; her Great Aunt Clara would’ve spent the majority of her time on the first floor of the hall. The question was, which of the bedrooms would’ve belonged to her ancestor?
Clara picked up the leaflet to see if it could help. The leaflet started by describing when the hall had been built, and what its purpose was. It went on to describe about the Lord and Lady of the village in the estate house, their industry and how it was managed by one of Clara’s ancestors. It then went on to describe the family having the father who was the manager of the estate, his wife, their three children (two sons and a daughter) and numerous cooks, cleaners, gardeners, and other staff.
Clara was beginning to think that the leaflet would be useless, when she came upon a paragraph describing how the children were taught by a tutor in the school room, which was adjacent to the boy’s bedroom and opposite the daughter’s bedroom. Bingo! thought Clara, looking back at the wall plan. The room she was in was marked down as being the living room, which looked out onto the village square. The room behind it was marked down as the dining room. The room behind that was noted as the school/playroom, which meant that the last room on this side of the corridor was the boy’s bedroom. This could only mean that Clara’s great-great-great-great-aunt’s bedroom was the first room on the right, at the top of the stairs. That’s handy, Clara thought. She would’ve had easy access to the stairway day or night. That was how she managed to sneak out when she needed to.
Clara left the library and made her way back to the stairs. Reaching the room in question, she tried to remember if this was one of the ones that had been unlocked. “Only one way to find out,” she muttered under her breath and reached out to open it. 

Chapter Seventeen


A moment later, Clara let out a relieved sigh as the door swung inwards, allowing her access to the room.
With a building excitement, Clara stepped inside and softly closed the door behind her. She’d already had a quick look in this room on her way past earlier but thought she might have more luck this time knowing that this was the right room.
First of all, she slowly ran her fingers along the dado rail that ran along the walls. She couldn’t detect any breaks in the rail itself, either above or below it. Next, she studied the floorboards. She walked along each one to test them to see if one was loose. While many of them creaked when she walked over them, when she knelt down to study them more closely, none appeared loose. Of course, she mused, that could have something to do with a couple of hundred years of re-varnishing, or it’s possible that loose floorboards could’ve been mended at some point. Clara sighed and stood up, stretching out her back. She’d been going around the room, inch by inch, for what felt like an age, but hadn’t discovered anything useful.
She tried one more lap, to see if she could see anything she might’ve missed, when her eyes came to a rest on what appeared to be a connecting door. She didn’t have any hope that it would mean anything, but, she thought, what the heck, and moved across the room to try the door. When she opened it, she was surprised to find that it was a cupboard. It was mostly empty, there were just a few planks of wood and screws that could’ve been there since the last restoration. Clara stepped into the dark, dusty space and examined each of the walls and the planks on the floor as thoroughly as she’d done in the main room. She’d almost given up on the fruitless search, when her fingers felt something suspicious. On the bottom left hand side of the cupboard, in the darkest corner, there appeared to be a tiny hole. Clara lay down on her stomach to get a closer look. She could definitely see a small hole shaped like a keyhole. But she couldn’t see what would happen if it was unlocked. She couldn’t see or feel the edge of a door or a hinge that would suggest a door was there. 
Clara knocked on the walls around the keyhole. The deep timber sound of knuckles on wood did not change, no matter where she knocked. There didn’t appear to be a hollow space anywhere there at all. Clara frowned. How curious, she thought. A keyhole that doesn’t appear to open anything.  In which case why was it there? This discovery felt significant to Clara, but she couldn’t think what to do about it.
After a few moments of puzzling over the hole, Clara resignedly backed out of the cupboard. When she got up, she was covered in thick, pale dust. Clara tutted and brushed it off her clothes as best she could, coughing at the dust cloud that resulted. Then she left the room and went back downstairs to the main hall, still puzzling over her find.
“There you are, Clara,” said Aunt Selina. “We wondered where you’d disappeared to. Been exploring I see.”
Clara blushed furiously, wondering how her aunt had known what she’d been up to. Selina leant forward and pulled a dust mote out of Clara’s hair, giving her a wink in the process. “All this decorating has given me a thirst,” said Selina. “Do you want to go to the cafe for a drink?”
Clara nodded her head enthusiastically. They made their way out of the hall and across the square to the cafe. Clara had a strawberry milkshake and her aunt had some lemonade.
“So did you find anything?” Aunt Selina asked. Clara choked on a mouthful of milkshake, her aunt patting her gently on the back until Clara could catch her breath. Clara wondered how much she should tell Selina, given her aunt’s reticence on the subject of the diaries.
“Yes and no,” replied Clara slowly, and then told her aunt about what she’d found.
“That’s interesting,” said Selina when Clara told her about the keyhole in the cupboard. “I don’t think anybody has noticed that before.”
“It may not mean anything,” shrugged Clara. “And even if it does, we don’t have the key to open it anyway.”
“Hmm,” said her Aunt, thinking that this may be the perfect project to take Clara’s mind off advanced shape-shifting. “If there is a key, I may well know where it is.” Clara eyes widened.
“Where?” she asked, breathlessly.
“Well, when the hall was donated to the village, everything that belonged to our family was moved out to the cottage I inherited. In addition, Aunt Phoebe collected a lot of family heirlooms over the years. I don’t remember coming across a key in any of the stuff in the attic, but then I’ve never specifically looked for one before.” Aunt Selina watched as excitement spread across Clara’s features. 
They finished their drinks quickly and then went straight back to the cottage. Selina took Clara up to the top of the house and into the attic. Once inside, Clara’s heart sank. The attic stretched the full length and width of the house and was full of boxes, some of which were stacked three high. Where on earth were they going to start?
“Don’t look so glum – it’s not as bad as it seems,” said Aunt Selina. “The boxes are sorted chronologically. The boxes furthest back are the oldest. All we need to do is move some of the more recent boxes out of the way so that we can access the ones that are further back.”
They then spent the rest of the afternoon removing some boxes from the attic and re-stacking others to make a path to the back. By dinner time they were exhausted, sweaty and dirty.
“I think we need to have a quick shower before dinner, what do you think?” said Aunt Selina. Much as she hated to give up on the search when they appeared to be so close, Clara was weary enough to agree with her aunt.
“I’ll go first,” said Selina. “And then I’ll put the dinner on while you’re cleaning up.”
“Okay,” said Clara as they trudged back down the stairs.
Lying in bed later that night, Clara thought about the task ahead. Despite previous reservations, her aunt appeared to be being very helpful in trying to find the key and that made Clara a little suspicious. She wondered whether Selina genuinely believed that the key could be found in the attic, or whether she was humouring Clara. Clara pursed her lips; she fantasised about finding the key and it leading them to finding the diaries. How would her aunt feel then? She wondered smugly. Then she sighed. She needed to be realistic. Even if by some miracle they did find a key in one of the many boxes in the attic there was only a small chance it would fit the keyhole in the cupboard. She shouldn’t get her hopes up too high. Clara tossed and turned for some time with these thoughts running through her head before giving up on sleep and deciding to get a glass of milk from the kitchen.
She was sitting at the table drinking the milk when her aunt came in.
“I’m so sorry,” said Clara. “Did I wake you?”
“I’m a light sleeper,” Selina said, smiling. She poured a glass of milk for herself and joined Clara at the table.
“Couldn’t sleep?” she asked Clara.
Clara shook her head.
“Did you try the relaxation technique I showed you?” Selina queried.
Clara shook her head again. Then she looked intently at her aunt.
“Aunt Selina, do you think we’ll find the key?” she asked.
Selina looked down into her glass, as if searching for an answer in her milk.
“It’s possible,” she prevaricated. “Can’t hurt to look, can it?” And she smiled lightly at Clara.
Clara could tell by Selina’s expression, that she didn’t believe the key would be found. Well, there’s my answer, she thought wryly. Selina thought this was a wild goose chase and was using it to distract Clara. We’ll see about that, Clara thought, determinedly.
Selina took her empty glass to the sink for rinsing.
“Don’t stay up too long,” she said to Clara, patting her gently on the shoulder on her way past. Clara stayed at the kitchen table for a few more minutes after her aunt had gone, before rinsing her glass and putting it away.
Back in bed she initiated her meditation technique, clearing her mind of all thought and after a while, she drifted off into a deep, dreamless sleep.

***

The next morning Clara woke feeling refreshed and ready to tackle the attic with gusto. She wolfed down her breakfast and raced up the stairs. By the time Selina joined her, she had reached the last two ranks of boxes at the back of the attic.
“Okay,” said Selina. “The oldest boxes will be made of wood rather than cardboard or plastic. Watch out for loose nails, I don’t want you getting a festering wound up here. I promised your parents I would take care of you.”
Clara considered which box to open first. Deciding on the nearest wooden box, she put her fingers under the lid and prised it off. In it she found some costume jewellery, clothes and shoes. She pulled the clothes out and checked the pockets, pulled out the shoes and tipped them up to see if anything would fall out of them. After pulling all of the contents out of the box she ran her fingers around the inside to make sure there was nothing left. All she gained for her effort was a painful splinter.
Several boxes later, she still hadn’t found anything to show for her efforts. Selina was having a similar experience beside her. They decided to take a break. While slurping some juice, they assessed the situation. They’d worked through eight boxes between them so far. There appeared to be at least another eight still to be searched. Refreshed by the lemonade, they renewed their efforts with enthusiasm. Three boxes later, Clara came upon a box full of children’s toys and felt a sense of urgency as she took each toy out and examined it. They were all simple toys - building blocks and wooden tops, and there were also some porcelain dolls, which were seriously lacking for hair, their clothes motheaten.
Nearing the bottom of the box Clara, reached in and pulled out a jewellery box. It was made of a beautiful, dark red wood that was so shiny she could see her reflection in it. She marvelled at the smoothness and intricate detail of the wood and, when she pulled open the lid, she found the interior lined in bright red velvet. The box seemed brand new. Unfortunately, it was completely empty. Instead of putting the jewellery box back in the crate with the rest of the toys, though, Clara carefully put it to one side.
A couple of hours later, all of the wooden boxes had been searched and no key had been found. It was late afternoon; they’d both worked on through lunch because they only had a few boxes to go. They sat back after the last box had been cleared, taking a few minutes to review all their hard work. They were both tired, dirty and empty, physically and mentally.
“Come on, let’s get cleaned up and have something to eat,” said Selina. “It’ll make us feel better.”
She hauled a desolate Clara up by the arm and pulled her to the top of the stairs.
“Hang on a sec,” Clara said and went back into the attic. Selina watched her bend down and pick something up. As Clara came back Selina saw that it was the jewellery box.
“May I take this downstairs to my room?” Clara asked.
“Of course you can,” said Selina. “It’s only been sitting in a crate for the last two hundred years gathering dust.”  Selina put her arm around her niece’s shoulder, and they went down the stairs together.
They both did feel better after a hearty meal of casserole and chunky bread. After dinner, they went out for a walk to get some fresh air. It was a warm, sultry evening, with the occasional light breeze and it felt good to be out of the dark, stuffy attic. Clara tried to forget how disappointed she was and breathed deeply, feeling her muscles relaxing a little bit more with every step.
After their walk they both decided to have an early night.

***

The next day, Selina noted Clara’s intense disappointment. It was an emotion she was familiar with having experienced it often with her Aunt Phoebe.
“It was a long shot that we’d find it,” said Aunt Selina.
Clara nodded distractedly.
“And we don’t even know what the key would’ve done, had we found it,” Selina added. “It may have been nothing, a red herring.”
Clara nodded again. While her aunt appeared to be being kind, Clara thought she could detect a faint smugness in Selina’s attitude. Finding this unbearable, Clara volunteered to go out to the garden and water the pots.
Later that morning, they went into the village to stock up on food supplies and, while there, they received an invitation to a barbecue.
The weather stayed dry and warm and it seemed everybody in the village turned up for the party. Selina had a great time catching up with everyone and Clara enjoyed sitting quietly, watching people and listening to their conversations. She’d never been to a barbecue before and enjoyed the beef burger she ate.
It was starting to get dark when Selina and Clara left the party and walked home.
When they arrived back at the cottage, Aunt Selina made them both a hot chocolate to take to bed. Carrying the hot drink carefully into her room, Clara didn’t have a free hand to switch on the lamp. As her curtains were open, she used the fading light to make her way over to the bedside table to put the hot mug down. In doing so, she accidentally brushed up against the jewellery box and knocked it to the floor with a thump.
Frightened that she may have broken it, Clara quickly put down the mug and switched on the lamp, before bending down to pick the box up. It rattled. Alarmed, she sat on the bed and examined it closely. The box appeared fine. It’d landed on the soft rug, so it wasn’t dented or scratched on the outside. Clara opened the lid and checked inside. It also seemed fine. She moved on to the drawers, taking each one out and checking for breaks. Curiously, there didn’t seem to be any damage to the box at all.
Frowning, Clara shook the box. It rattled again. There was definitely something loose rattling inside the box.
Clara turned on the overhead light to provide the maximum illumination available and examined the box again. After a while, she noticed that the lower drawer was narrower than the top drawer. The only reason she could think of why this would be was that there was a hidden compartment in the lower portion, at the back of the jewellery box. 
“But how do I get into it?” she muttered to herself, turning the box this way and that and pressing and pushing the wood to see if she could get it to open.
After a while, she managed to get part of the trimming to shift slightly. Concentrating on this part of the box she realised that, though it was a bit stiff, the trimming could be slid away at the bottom. She eventually managed to tease it off. She then tried pushing out the bottom section of the box. Again, after a bit of teasing, the wood started to slide away. When it was about halfway out, something fell from the box onto the floor.
Looking down to the floor, Clara’s heart fluttered. She bent down and picked up a small metal key that had fallen from the secret compartment. 
Clara wanted to go straight to her aunt’s room to tell her about the discovery, and then she wanted to go to the village hall right away and try it out. But something held her back. Selina’s attitude earlier that day made Clara hesitant. After all, she thought, it may still be nothing. It might not be the right key at all.
No, better to keep it to myself for now, she thought. I’ll tell my aunt if I find something. 
Clara tucked the key away in her purse and climbed into bed. She fell asleep thinking about the key, a small smile of satisfaction on her face.

Chapter Eighteen


The following day was the flower show. With all of the expected bustle and crowds, Clara thought that it’d be the ideal opportunity to try out the key. It would be relatively simple to slip away from her aunt’s company and melt into the throng. 
Selina and Clara walked into the village, admiring the crafts and baking stalls along the way. They tried their hand at the raffle and admired the street bunting. Clara was impatient of the delays but hid her feelings. She didn’t want to make her aunt suspicious. When they eventually arrived at the village hall, it was already filled with visitors eagerly admiring the elegant displays of flowers. Selina joined the crowds, admiring the various flowers on show and was soon involved in discussions with the various gardeners about their growing methods, leaving Clara able to slip away unnoticed. She made her way to the back of the hall, where the door leading to the stairs had been covered with a drape to discourage people from entering. Clara looked around to make sure that no one was watching and then slipped under the drape, along the empty corridor and up the stairs.
At the top, she paused for a moment to make sure she was alone. Hearing nothing but the babble of cheerful voices coming up from the hall, she moved over to the door of the room with the mysterious keyhole. Turning the doorknob, she was inside in a moment, and closing the door behind her. Clara then considered the cupboard door, her breath catching in her throat. This was it. Only one more obstacle between her and the answers she craved. Clara could barely contain her excitement. 
She took a deep breath before opening the cupboard door and lying down on her front. Feeling about in the dark, she found the keyhole. Clara’s breathing became shallow and she quivered with anticipation. She pulled the key out of her purse and pushed it into the hole. It fit perfectly. Clara sighed. She tried to turn the key. It didn’t budge. She tried to turn it the other way with no more success. Clara kept trying to twist and turn the key one way, and then the other until her fingers were sore, but she still hadn’t made any progress.
She pulled the key out of the hole and stared at it in exasperation. She was sure it was the right key, why wouldn’t it work? She peered back at the keyhole, thinking. Maybe there was something blocking it?
Clara took a deep breath, put her face near the hole and blew hard. She was immediately overcome by a large cloud of dust. She backed out of the cupboard and sat up, coughing and spluttering, her eyes streaming as she gulped for air. After a while the coughing fit subsided and she wiped her tears on her sleeve and lay back down on her belly.
Okay, she thought. Let’s try this again.  
She pushed the key into the hole with trembling fingers. Was it her imagination or did it go in a little further this time? With rising hope, she tried wiggling the key, to see if she could get it to turn. When she pushed it hard in an anti-clockwise direction, it moved fractionally and then became stuck again. Gritting her teeth, Clara turned it with all her might. This time she managed to get it halfway around before it jammed again. She was not going to be beaten by the key though, encouraged by her success, Clara shook her fingers to ease the soreness and then put all her effort into one final push to turn it the rest of the way. She almost called out when the key turned completely and she heard a soft click, then a thump on the other side of the cupboard. Surprised, she spun around and saw a section of the cupboard wall had fallen forward slightly.
Sitting up, Clara put her fingers behind the section of fallen wood and pulled it forward. It swung creakily down, revealing a shelf hidden in the wall of the cupboard. And on that shelf was a small pile of thin books. Clara pulled the books out with shaking hands. They were leather bound volumes, and when she flicked through them, they were filled with pages and pages of handwriting. Gently opening one of the fragile books to the front-page Clara read, with awe

Clara Elizabeth Cartwright’s Diary 1845

This was it. She’d found them. They did exist. Clara felt bubbles of happiness rising up through her chest.
“Jackpot!” she exclaimed and punched her fist in the air. 
Lost in the excitement of her find, Clara had temporarily forgotten where she was. She was startled, therefore, when she heard someone clumping up the stairs. Heart thumping, Clara put the journals into her backpack and closed the cupboard door.
She crept over to the exit and put her ear to the door. The footsteps outside passed by and carried on along the corridor. When she could no longer hear them, Clara opened the door and, after a quick peek to make sure the coast was clear, she slipped out and trotted quietly down the stairs.
When she returned to the hall, she edged her way through the crowds, back to her aunt who was still chatting, oblivious to Clara’s disappearance. Clara was anxious to get back to the cottage to read the diaries and, as her aunt showed no sign of tiring of her conversations, Clara became fidgety, stepping from foot to foot, swinging her bag around her legs and checking her watch every two minutes with a sigh. Eventually, her behaviour attracted the adults’ attention and Selina scolded her for her bad manners. Chastened, Clara went outside and sat on a bench by the village square. She was tempted to pull one of the diaries from her backpack but resisted, as they were old and extremely precious, and she didn’t want to risk damaging them. Instead, she watched people passing by and impatiently waited for her aunt. 
“Did you enjoy the flower show?” A familiar voice asked loudly.
Clara jumped. She hadn’t heard her aunt coming up behind her.
“Yes, thank you, Aunt Selina,” Clara replied, getting up so that they could start their journey home. 
Back at the cottage, Clara unpacked the diaries from her backpack and left them in her room. She wanted to sit down there and then to read through them, but her aunt was getting dinner ready. Maybe after dinner, Clara thought hopefully.
 They ate together in silence, both considering the night ahead, which would be the first night of the full moon. After dinner, Clara told her aunt she was going to have a nap in preparation for their late night. Selina looked at her suspiciously, but after a beat, wished her a pleasant nap and went out to the garden to watch the sunset.
Running up to her room, Clara excitedly picked up one of the diaries and lay down on the bed to read it. A thrill of anticipation ran up her spine as she opened the diary at the first page.

***

A couple of hours later Clara closed the book. She’d developed a mild headache from concentrating on the cramped slanting script and formal language of the nineteenth century. She closed her eyes, and relaxed her facial muscles, reflecting on what she’d read. She’d learnt, for instance, a great deal about how her ancestor had lived, and lied to her family, about her gift, but she hadn’t learnt much about the curse. Maybe, she thought, one of the later diaries would be more fruitful on that subject. 
She’d also learnt that her four times Great Aunt Clara was not at all afraid of her gift. She’d completely embraced it and all its possibilities and risks. From her stories in the diaries, Clara thought her ancestor was brave and resourceful and adventurous in her transformations. She wrote with relish about the excitement and fun of being in animal form and, on reading this, Clara felt resentful of Aunt Selina’s recent caution and how she’d tried to hold Clara back.
As her headache faded away, and day turned to dusk, Clara felt inspired by her Great Aunt Clara’s boldness. In fact, she decided, she was going to adopt the same attitude and confront Selina right now.
With her headache gone, Clara went downstairs to find her aunt still sitting peacefully in the garden. Deciding on a direct approach, and before she lost her nerve, Clara marched up to Selina, put her hands on her hips and spoke as firmly as she could.
“I want to try and turn into a bird this evening,” she said. 
Aunt Selina jolted in surprise and opened her mouth to respond in the negative, when Clara rushed on, “I won’t do it at home unless it’s an emergency. But what would happen if my parents caught me outdoors in the middle of the night? They’d probably ground me forever and then I would be in real trouble on the three nights of the full moon.”
Aunt Selina frowned and pursed her lips. Clara narrowed her eyes.
“If you don’t teach me,” she said slyly. “I’ll just try it by myself, that’s all.” And she nodded her head firmly as if to say, “so there!”
Clara could see indecision in her aunt’s eyes. This was what her aunt had been afraid of. Clara made one last attempt to bring her aunt on side.
“You said I was really gifted and was progressing quickly,” she said persuasively. “I’m ready for this Aunt Selina, I really am.”
After a minute of silence, Selina slowly nodded her head.
“I’m not sure you’re ready for this,” she warned, “but it seems I don’t have a choice.”
Clara didn’t say anything for fear her aunt would change her mind, but inside she was doing somersaults of glee.
A little while later, they made their way out of the back of the garden and into the woods. 
“Now, I think you should try for a large bird to start with,” said Aunt Selina. “Then we’ll see how you go.”
Clara followed closely behind her aunt, wondering where they were going.
After a few minutes, they arrived alongside a small river and it all became clear. Gliding down the middle of the river were two, elegant white swans. Clara exclaimed at their beauty.
“Okay,” said Selina. “I think you get the idea. Swans are smaller than humans, so you’ll need to concentrate particularly hard on becoming swan shaped. It may not happen at once but don’t panic, we have some time.”
Clara and her aunt watched the swans for a while, Clara familiarising herself with their size, shape and behaviour and then Selina turned to Clara.
“Are you ready?” she asked.
Clara nodded and closed her eyes. She brought a vision of the swans strongly into her mind’s eye and concentrated hard on becoming a swan, with its bright white feathers and orange bill. It’s thick, short legs and webbed feet.
Still concentrating, she opened her eyes a few moments later to be disappointed that she was still in her human form.
“It’s all right,” said Selina, consolingly. “It’s more difficult to become a small animal. This is where your imagination is going to come in handy. Close your eyes and imagine what a swan’s life would be like.”
Clara closed her eyes again and imagined herself inside a swan’s mind. She thought about her legs paddling in the cool water. She thought about her long slender neck and her large powerful wings. She imagined putting her beak down to the water and scooping up some tasty plants to eat.
This time, when she opened her eyes, she was looking down at a white feathered body and, when she crossed her eyes, she could see a blur of orange instead of a nose.
She opened her beak, “Fwah,” she said looking over at her aunt. “Fwah, Fwah”. Selina smiled at her.
“Well done, Clara,” she said quietly. “Off you go then.” And she waved Clara away.
A delighted Clara turned and waddled over to the riverbank, Selina watching nervously behind her. She had a little trouble getting down the bank to the water on her short legs and found that she had to use her wings to keep her balance. She ended up running the last few steps in an ungainly waddle and splashing straight into the river. 
Once in the water, she found joy in gliding up and down and round in circles, being watched at a wary distance by the other two swans.
Eventually, she realised that she was not going to be able to swim up to her bedroom window; she was going to have to test her wings to see if they worked.
Clara opened up her wings to their fullest extent and started to flap. She flapped and flapped and managed to raise her body out of the water but couldn’t achieve enough momentum to fly out of the river. Getting a little frustrated and out of breath she eventually swam over to the edge of the river and flapped her wings to give her enough lift to get out of the water and onto the bank.
Clara waddled up and down the bank while she thought about her predicament. A swan is a big bird. Maybe I need to take a run at it, like an aeroplane.
She waddled along the riverbank a short way and then turned and started to waddle back the way she’d come. While accelerating, she spread her wings out wide and immediately felt the air rippling her feathers. She instinctively changed the angle of her wings and felt the air move beneath them, giving her lift. Still waddling, she beat her wings once and her feet came away from the ground for a second. She beat her wings again once, twice, three times and then she wasn’t touching the ground anymore. She continued to beat her wings as she rose through the air. She was above the trees and soaring – she was flying!
Clara was elated. She felt so free. She banked in the air and flew back towards the river, the ground whizzing, dizzyingly, by. She wondered how far she’d be able to go. Could she fly all the way home?
Remembering her promise to her aunt about being sensible, Clara turned back to where Selina would be waiting for her by the river. And this was when she realised that she had no idea how to land. Reducing her height, with the land blurring by below, she got a sense of how fast she was flying and started to panic. Then she forced herself to relax, her instincts had helped her to get off the ground, she should trust her instincts to get her back there safely. All the same, she decided that the river would provide the softest landing. 
As the earth hurtled towards her, Clara’s instincts told her to angle her wings and back flap to reduce speed and get in the correct position to land. Quickly following her instincts, she stalled in mid-air and plopped into the river with a graceless splash, wet but in one piece. She gave herself a shake to get rid of the water that had splashed over her feathers and then turned and paddled to shore.
Getting back on dry land, Clara saw her golden retriever aunt sitting at the top of the bank watching, and patiently waiting, for her.
Clara transformed from her swan form into her dog form and jumped up the bank to her aunt. Selina nuzzled her affectionately and then they both made their way into the woods. It was almost fully dark at this point, so they made their way to the oak tree in a roundabout way, sniffing here and there and investigating the woodland noises. At the oak tree, they both flopped down and went to sleep.

***

The next morning, Clara was ready for the hearty breakfast Selina served up, after which she thought she might get some time to read the diaries up in her room. Unfortunately, her aunt had other ideas. She wanted to keep a close eye on her niece so decided that, what with the flower show and everything, they were behind in some of their chores and Clara subsequently spent most of the day washing clothes and cleaning the cottage, while Selina did some weeding and tending to her vegetables in the garden.
After all that physical work, Clara was ready for an afternoon nap when her aunt suggested it and was quite refreshed in time to go out that evening.
In the twilight garden of the cottage, Selina told Clara that she wanted her to practice turning into a swan again. This time she needed to transform without going to the river, as she wouldn’t have live inspiration when she was at home. Clara thought this was a good idea, until she struggled to transition into her swan form. Her aunt was adamant, though, that if she couldn’t do it now, she wouldn’t want her niece trying it alone at home.
“Relax, Clara,” she said in exasperation. “You’re getting yourself too wound up.”
Clara moved her head from side to side to release some of the tension that had built up and practised breathing deeply. When she felt relaxed, she closed her eyes and concentrated on the swan again. She delved into her memories of what it’d been like to feel the cool water on her legs and feet, to feel the wind beneath her wings and to look down on the trees from above.
Still breathing deeply, she opened her eyes, and was delighted to find her body shrunk and enshrined in white feathers. She stretched out her wings and ran around the garden squawking, much to Selina’s amusement.
Then, she ran in a straight line and took off, flying over the garden wall and up into the air. Again, Clara took great joy in the flight, going much further than she had the previous evening with hardly any effort and observing the passing land below. Everything up here is so serene, she thought happily, the only sound being the wind rushing by.
Suddenly, Clara heard a loud popping noise, her left wing wrenched upwards and then she felt an unbearable pain. 
“FWAH,” she shouted in terror, desperately flapping her wings to try and prevent falling out of the sky like a rock. Her right wing was still working normally but her left wing was paralysed, hanging limply from her side. Clara dropped to the earth. She grazed the top of a tree at speed and crashed down through to the undergrowth, where her whole world faded to black.

Chapter Nineteen


Clara’s return to consciousness was slow. When she opened her eyes, she was confused by the world that came into focus. She didn’t recognise where she was and didn’t know how she’d arrived there. Becoming frightened, she tried to get to her feet and was stopped by a stabbing pain in her left arm. Spots flashed in front of her eyes and she thought she was going to be sick. She tried to grab her left arm with her right hand but couldn’t. She was still in her swan form. Flashes of memory started to come back to her. The frustration she’d felt when trying to transform earlier that evening, the joy she when she was flying, and then the pain. The unbearable pain.
Clara remembered crashing through the trees. She lowered her head and examined her body and legs for injuries. She didn’t appear to be bleeding from anywhere other than her left wing. Clara closed her eyes as a momentary wave of dizziness assaulted her. Best not to think about that wound for now, she thought. Clara breathed deeply and the dizziness passed. She felt aches and pains emanating from various parts of her body, but she didn’t think anything was broken. Clara opened up her right wing and peered at it. It moved stiffly, and a little painfully, and she noticed that she’d lost a few of her feathers, but again, it didn’t feel broken. 
With a mighty effort, Clara pushed herself to her feet. Her left wing trailed on the ground uselessly. Clara swayed for a moment or two as the dizziness returned, but she steadied herself by leaning against a tree trunk.
Dazed, Clara tried to get her brain to work. She didn’t recognise the area she was in, so she didn’t know how far away she was from the cottage. Selina had not followed her this evening so wouldn’t know where she was or what had happened. Clara wasn’t even sure herself what had happened. 
She replayed the events in her mind, as best she could remember, Have I been shot? Who would do such a thing? As a swan, she wasn’t a threat to anyone. And then a thought occurred, which sent Clara into a fit of terror. What if the shooter came after her, to collect her, or worse, to finish the job they’d started? Clara shuddered violently, sending spasms of pain along her wing and raising goose bumps all over her body.
At every rustle of leaves and crack of twigs, Clara jumped violently, anticipating each breath to be her last. She wasn’t conscious of anything other than her own mortality, her breath moving in and out of her lungs, her heart pumping blood along her veins. Her muscles and sinews, lean and taut, ready to explode into action. Had she been a human Clara would’ve sobbed. Instead she stood, in shock, unable to think of what to do.
Then a form came into Clara’s mind. It was a vision of her Great Aunt Clara in the form of a dog. It was the picture she’d created of her ancestor when she read about one of her adventures in the diary. Great Aunt Clara was bounding and leaping in happiness, enjoying her dog form. As Clara focused on the vision, she started to feel calmer. She started to feel stronger. It was as if her great-great-great-great-aunt was giving her encouragement. As if she was telling Clara that she was special, and gifted, and that she’d get through this trauma. As her frozen brain started to thaw, Clara silently thanked her ancestor and began to consider her options.
Clara could feel drops of blood running down her wing and dropping to the ground. She was starting to feel cold all over, if she didn’t move, she was in danger of bleeding out on the spot. Her sense of self-preservation kicked in and she started to think about how she could get herself back to the cottage and safety.
Clara thought about transforming back to her human form but discounted the idea. She didn’t know what would happen with her wound if she did and also, she didn’t want to be blundering around the woodland, lost and naked.
No, she needed to transform into an animal that could find its way back to the cottage. She needed to transform into an animal that could cover the ground quickly and wouldn’t be hindered too much by the injury. Her sheepdog form came to mind. She thought that, with its sense of smell and night vision, along with a dog’s stoicism, it’d be just the thing.
But Clara was nervous about transforming in her current state. Realising that her only other choice was to stay put and hope that someone friendly found her before she bled to death, Clara closed her eyes, tried to ignore the pain, and concentrated on transforming into her dog form.
She knew the transformation had worked as a stab of pain radiated along her arm and up her shoulder when her weight shifted from two legs to four. Clara yelped and raised her front paw off the ground to relieve the pain. As the haze of pain receded, Clara started to feel the comfort and familiarity of her dog self.
Sitting and closing her eyes, Clara raised her sensitive dog nose and sniffed. A million different scents assailed her, and she sifted through them, trying to find a familiar one. Failing to do so, she turned her head slightly, in one direction and then another, finding new scents to identify and sift through.
There ... there was something. Clara’s eyes opened wide and she turned slowly. Focusing all of her receptors in that direction, she sniffed again. Yes, there was definitely something familiar. Clara identified the smell as being the exotic flowers in Selina’s garden that released their perfume at night. She’d not paid them much attention on their regular night-time forays, but she’d recognise that smell anywhere. It smelled of home and safety.
She rose onto her three good legs and started to limp towards the familiar smell. She started to slowly make her way home.
As the night wore on and the journey continued, she became tired and cold. She shivered from head to toe. She wanted to stop and rest for a while, maybe have a little nap. But alarm bells rang in her head. No, that was a bad idea, if she went to sleep, she might never wake up, she had to keep moving. 
More time passed. Clara did not have the energy to even raise her head. She just continued limping on, watching the ground move slowly beneath her, moving her front leg and then the back legs, front leg and then back. Her legs started to tremble and cramp with effort and then, another familiar smell. Aunt Selina. She could smell her aunt.
Clara tried to bark in relief, but it came out as a mere whimper. She tried again and managed a couple of yelps before her front leg gave way, and she collapsed to the ground. As her world began to dim, Clara became aware of a rustling in the bushes in front of her and a voice calling out her name. She wanted to respond but it was too hard. Her heavy eye lids closed, and she fell into blissful dark numbness.

***

Aunt Selina was pacing in the cottage garden. Where was Clara? Selina peered into the trees and then turned and looked up into the sky. She should’ve come back hours ago the irresponsible girl. She knew something like this would happen if she gave the child too much leeway. I should’ve gone with her, she thought anxiously, or at least followed to keep an eye on her. 
Selina wrung her hands and paced while time ticked by. She was worried sick. She’d transformed into her dog form and searched the woods for Clara but had not seen hide nor hair of her. Now she was back in her human form, conscious of the approaching dawn, and terrified that something had gone horribly wrong.
Selina leant against the garden wall and opened her mind. She could sense animals nearby but not her niece’s familiar presence. Where are you? she cried out mentally, causing the birds in a nearby tree to squawk and take flight.
Then Selina thought she heard something. Was that a yelp? She hurried through the trees. What was that black thing in the bushes?
“Clara?” Selina called in desperation. “Clara” she said again, recognising the unconscious black dog before her. She bent over and scooped the dog up and ran back to the cottage as fast as she could.

Chapter Twenty


Heart thumping from exertion and fear, Selina placed the unconscious dog on the kitchen table and quickly ran her hands over it, examining it for injuries. She found the bloody front left leg and took a closer look. Having lived in the countryside all of her life, Selina recognised a pellet wound when she saw one. She felt a flash of white-hot rage at such a disgusting act and then took a deep, calming breath, gathering together some tweezers, medical alcohol and bandages.
With steady hands she tweezed out the pellet and then gently, but thoroughly, cleaned the wound. She put a temporary dressing on it and then tried to gently shake Clara awake.

***

Clara was floating in a dark place. But the place that had initially taken her away from the exhaustion and pain had turned threatening. There were forms in the dark, she couldn’t see them, but she could feel them, could sense that they were there. One of them grabbed her left arm and started squeezing it painfully. She pleaded with the unseen force to let go, to stop hurting her, but the thing only squeezed tighter and tighter and she could hear it laughing, wildly, hysterically. Clara tried to jerk away from the thing that had a hold of her and yelped in fear when she couldn’t move. 
And then she jolted awake.
Heart thumping, Clara blinked at the bright light, but then yelped in relief. She was in the cottage, and her aunt was there, watching her with concern.
“Clara,” said Selina. “What a relief. You scared me half to death, child.”  And she put her hand out and petted Clara on the head. Clara realised that she was still in her dog form.
“Now,” continued Selina. “I’ve done the painful bit with your wound, but I need you to transform to your human self, so that I can bandage it and you can take some painkillers.”
Clara’s front leg was on fire. She heard the words her aunt was saying but was struggling to make sense of them. Her brain could only focus on the pain in her leg. Clara looked at her aunt helplessly.
“You can do this Clara,” Selina entreated, placing both of her hands on the dog’s shoulders for support. “Close your eyes and concentrate. It’ll only take a moment.”
Clara closed her eyes. She squeezed them tightly shut and concentrated on picturing herself in her human form. But the Clara in her mind was hazy and unreal, as if she was being reflected back out of a rippling pond. Clara felt a wave of exhaustion flow over her. Maybe I’ll stay as I am for now, she thought wearily, I could get used to being a dog, no problem. And Clara put her heavy head down on the table and relaxed, starting to doze off.
“No, no, Clara,” shouted Selina, frantically shaking the dog to keep Clara awake. “Don’t give up. Think about your parents, and Peter.”  
Clara heard her aunt as if from a distance. At the mention of her family, a vision popped into Clara’s half-conscious mind. It was of Peter and her parents at the car boot sale a few weeks earlier. Was that only a few weeks ago? thought Clara dreamily, it felt like a lifetime. Clara’s heart started to ache. She wanted to go home. She missed her family and craved to see them again. She desperately needed be her old self. 
Clara felt a tingling sensation all over her body, as if all her fur was receding into her skin. She opened her eyes and pushed her human self into a sitting position, examining it to make sure everything was where it should be. Selina threw a blanket around her shoulders and, smiling at Clara and murmuring soothing things, quickly bandaged up her arm.
After Clara had swallowed some painkillers, Selina helped her down from the table and hauled her up the stairs to her bed, where Clara lay down and immediately fell into an exhausted sleep.

***

Clara slept through most of the following day. She woke for a short while in the mid-afternoon and Selina brought her some soup.
Clara told her aunt as much as she could remember of what had happened the night before and Selina listened.
“Those kids,” Selina said angrily. “They just don’t think. To them they were shooting at a dumb animal that doesn’t have feelings. I’ll bet I know exactly who they were, and their parents will be informed.” Selina shook her head and tutted at such irresponsibility. “You could’ve been killed,” she blurted, and then immediately regretted it when she saw Clara’s face drop. “But you were so brave, my dear,” her aunt continued soothingly. “I’ve never known such bravery, or such skill. I don’t know how you managed to transform and get back to the cottage. I don’t know if I would’ve been able to do it in your place.” And she smiled proudly at her niece. “As it is, your strength will return in a few days and your arm will heal completely in a couple of weeks.” Clara’s eyelids were starting to droop so Selina left her niece to get some more healing sleep.

***

Selina gently shook Clara awake later in the evening. It was the third night of the full moon and they needed to transform. She asked Clara how she was feeling.
Clara considered her answer. Her left arm was aching; she was still exhausted and could sleep for at least a month. Her limbs were stiff and sore from her crash landing and her aunt had woken her from a restless dream, where she’d been walking to a destination that couldn’t be reached. In the dream she knew she’d continue walking forever. On waking, she still felt like she wanted to move her legs, to keep walking.
Clara sighed.
“Tired,” she said wearily to her aunt. “And sore. Tired and sore.”
“I’m sorry to wake you dear,” replied Selina apologetically, she stroked Clara’s good arm. “You don’t have to get out of bed. You can transform into your dog form here and go right back to sleep. I’ll wake you before morning to transform back.”
Clara nodded in appreciation. Now that her aunt had mentioned it, she was aware of a creeping agitation building up from the centre of her being. Clara closed her eyes and pictured her dog form. After the trauma of the previous night, and her long journey back to the cottage, she had no trouble imagining her improved eyesight, sense of smell and the way she felt being in her dog form. 
She felt the transformation happening, it felt completely natural, as if she’d always been able to do it. Her body shrank and curled into the form of a lying dog, her nose extended, and her senses sharpened. She didn’t need to open her eyes to know that the transformation had worked. She merely put her head down on her paws and fell back to sleep with a sigh.
By the light of the full moon, Aunt Selina gazed proudly at dog Clara’s sleeping form. She was in awe of the power her niece had displayed and a little frightened by it. I’ve nothing left to teach her, she thought. In fact, Clara had overtaken Selina in terms of her knowledge and the extent of her power. I wouldn’t be surprised, Selina thought, if she does succeed in breaking the curse someday.
Well, I might not be able to teach Clara any more about the gift, but I can be there to support her while it grows and develops, Selina thought with satisfaction. And with that, Selina transformed into her cat form, padded lightly to the bottom of Clara’s bed, curled up in a ball and went to sleep.
As the bright, silent moon sailed slowly across the night sky, the only sounds in the cottage were the contented purring of a sleeping cat and the occasional sigh of a dreaming dog.



THE END.


READ ON FOR AN EXCERPT FROM THE SECOND BOOK IN THE SERIES -- A Gypsy Curse…



Thank you for reading ‘Under the Light of a Full Moon’. 
If you enjoyed the book, then please rate and/or review it at the store where you bought it. It’ll only take a moment, and I’d be incredibly grateful, because nothing 
sells books quite so well as a good review!



Want to be kept up to date with giveaways, discounts, new releases and more?
Follow Me:

  



Join Clara on her next magical adventure in book two of the Full Moon series:

A Gypsy Curse

A Gypsy curse that must be broken, a dangerous secret that cannot be revealed…

Clara’s a shape-shifter, who’s cursed. The curse is making her life impossible, and she wants rid of it, even though she’s been told it can’t be done.

Luke’s a Gypsy, whose clan is camped in Clara’s town. He spends his days exploring the area, while carefully avoiding the ‘townies’ that live there.

When Clara and Luke’s worlds collide, an opportunity arises that Clara simply can’t resist. The Gypsies may know how to break the curse, but she’ll have to use all her cunning and resources to find out without endangering her secret, or her life.

Can Clara win the trust of the mysterious Gypsy folk? Will she be able to discover their secrets, while maintaining her own? And what price will Clara have to pay for this new alliance?

Read on for an excerpt from the book…
Prologue
19th August 1845
Since my unfortunate encounter with the Gypsies, I have discovered more about the curse they have placed on me. I initially thought the curse had destroyed my gift completely, as I was unable to transform for several weeks. However, I have now realised that it has done something much worse: I am now forced to take the form of an animal for the three nights of the full moon each month. But I can only do it on these nights.
My secret was almost discovered the first time this happened, since I was attending a ball at the Manor House. I had to feign illness to leave the ball suddenly and had transformed – against my will – into the form of a wolf before reaching the gates. Luckily, the growing darkness hid my transformation and I was able to slip past the guards unseen. I had great difficulty in explaining the disappearance of my ball gown to Mama, and I am consequently being punished for my carelessness. I am to help the maids to scrub the linen for four weeks.
I have started writing this diary to document my experiences, and to help me to work through the implications of my misfortune.
Chapter One
The hot sun beat down on Clara’s head. She didn’t really notice, immersed as she was in the journal she was reading. The handwritten diary was proving difficult to decipher. Not only was the handwriting unusual, but Clara was unfamiliar with some of the words. People wrote very differently in 1845!
Clara sighed and rolled her head around to ease her stiff neck. The time she could get away on her own was rare and precious and she had hoped to make much more progress with the diaries than she actually had since finding them a few weeks ago.
I’ve only got one more week left of the summer holiday before I go back to school, she thought and then I’ll really struggle to find the time to both study the diaries and keep up with schoolwork.
Clara idly flicked through the book, from the back to the front page, creating a puff of air that stroked her flushed cheeks and lifted the tendrils of hair that had escaped her ponytail. On the inside cover was written: 

Clara Elizabeth Cartwright’s Diary – 1845

The author was Clara’s great-great-great-great aunt, and namesake: a gifted woman who had the power to transform at will into any animal she wanted, until she was cursed by a Gypsy and consequently forced to transform for three nights every time there was a full moon – and only on those nights.
 The gift of transformation, along with the curse, had been passed down through a single member of each generation of Clara’s family, on her mother’s side, until Clara had inherited it. Clara had discovered this the year before, when she began struggling to get to sleep on the three nights of the full moon, and started hearing mysterious voices in the night.  Her great aunt, Selina, who was a shape shifter too, had perceived Clara’s condition and had explained to her what it meant.
Over the course of the year, Great Aunt Selina had taught Clara about their gift and had impressed upon Clara the importance of keeping their magical abilities a secret from everyone. As a result, Clara had drifted away from family and friends and become quite lonely, spending more time with her aunt than with anyone else.
It took only five months from the development of the initial symptoms for Clara to shapeshift into an animal, which was quicker than most of her ancestors.  The rapid transition indicated that Clara had a particularly powerful gift. She also developed the full range of powers available to shape shifters, where many of her ancestors had only developed a limited selection. She was able to communicate with animals even while in human form, she could control animals using her mind and she could shift from one animal form to another with ease.   She had many night-time adventures with her aunt, changing into the form of lots of different animals.
Clara put down the diary she had been reading and was about to pick up the next one when she realised that the sun was shining straight into her face. Squinting at the gold wristwatch her aunt had given her the year before, Clara realised that it was much later than she had thought. She was going to be late for dinner.
She pushed the diaries into her backpack and hurried down from the hilltop clearing she had come to view as her special place, and headed for home.
When she was out of the sunshine, there was a distinct chill in the air. She shivered. Autumn is definitely on the way, she thought.
Clara pushed through the back door of her home just as her parents and younger brother, Peter, were sitting down at the table. She earned a frown from her mum, but she didn’t say anything, as Clara quickly washed her hands and joined them.
Afterwards Clara and Peter washed and put away the dishes before joining their parents in the living room.
“Kids, I need you both to try on your school uniforms tomorrow and let me know what you’ve grown out of,” their mum said, during the break between Emmerdale and Coronation Street on the TV.
Peter groaned, and Clara frowned because her plans for the diaries the next day would be ruined, but she replied, “Okay, Mum.”
She was twelve, and still growing, so she thought she would have grown out of her old uniform, but because of her parents’ current cost-cutting drive she was very worried that any replacement clothes would be second-hand. 
She knew this was selfish; her dad was a factory worker and his employer had been having problems during the recession resulting in her dad’s shifts being reduced earlier in the year. Her mum had started working part time as a sales assistant to make up the shortfall, but things were extremely tight financially.
Clara sighed. People were bound to notice at school that her clothes weren’t brand new, and, as she didn’t have a mobile phone or computer, she was already excluded from the other pupils’ social networks.  Clara didn’t really mind too much, she was a reserved girl, more comfortable observing groups than being part of them.  She had only really had one close friend in her whole life, a girl named Sinead.  Unfortunately that friendship had ended a few months before because of Clara’s secrets, which had led to a distressing confrontation between herself and Sinead. Clara had been so upset by her friend’s anger that she had decided she would no longer have close friends, at least until the curse was broken. It meant that she didn’t have to explain the strange goings-on in her life; however, she had discovered she was also very lonely.
The next afternoon, Clara’s mum took her and Peter to Tesco to buy replacement school uniforms. They left the shop loaded down with clothes that would, hopefully, see them through the next school year. When they got home, there was no time for Clara to go to her hilltop clearing with the diaries; her mum wanted help with preparing dinner. After dinner, Clara told her parents she was going to watch TV in her room. When she got there, however, she stretched out on her bed and opened one of the precious diaries.
She had tracked down the diaries the last time she was staying at Great Aunt Selina’s cottage, and had kept them secret from her aunt. They had disagreed about Clara’s determination to break the curse: Aunt Selina thought that trying to break the curse was a waste of time, and had tried to discourage Clara from doing it. However, Clara had resolved that no further generations of her family were going to suffer as she, and her ancestors, had. She had searched for – and found – the diaries, and was reading them in the hope that they would give her a clue about the curse and how it might be broken.

10th September 1845
It is too risky for me to stay in the house when I change, so I have studied the routines of the household over the last weeks and now understand them in a way I have never needed to before. After my brothers and I are sent to bed of an evening, my parents sit in the drawing room to talk, or read, and to give any final instructions to the staff. They usually retire at around 10.30, with Mother looking in on us on her way to bed. The remaining staff finish their duties around half an hour after this and retire to their attic rooms. The scullery maid and the kitchen staff start their day at around 5.30 in the morning, re-laying the fires in the rooms and preparing breakfast. That gives me up to six and a half hours of freedom to change during the three nights of the full moon – I must be back in my bed when the maid comes by in the morning.

5th October 1845
I managed to slip away from the governess this afternoon by pretending to draw in the garden, and I got the old gardener, Tom, to talk to me. He was very happy to tell me stories about the Gypsies: I learnt that they have been visiting the village since before Tom was born. He told me about many strange, unexplained incidents that have taken place over the years involving the Gypsies, including healing of wounds, love potions and the Gypsies being exceptionally lucky at card games. There is even a tale that one year, during a prolonged drought, the Gypsies performed some sort of rain spell, after which the village enjoyed two weeks of much-needed rain. Time was I would have found these stories very hard to believe, but since that night in August, I can accept that many of them are true. I still have nightmares about the old woman who, when she discovered me in the woods, fixed me with a stare and muttered some words under her breath that I couldn’t quite make out. I experienced a cold tingling all through my body and my heart pounded, hard and fast, for several seconds. Then she disappeared, and I was alone in the woods, a sense of dread in the pit of my stomach. Will I ever discover how to reverse the curse she laid on me?
Read More…



Full Moon Series Book Three
A Gypsy Secret

An unlikely friendship, a life-changing secret, a Gypsy vendetta about to explode…

Clara’s classmates think she’s aloof and unsociable – which is exactly what she wants them to think. Because Clara is a shape-shifter, and she can’t risk anyone finding out.

Luke has a lot on his mind. Not only is he at the centre of a family feud that’s threatening to tear his Gypsy clan apart, he has a secret. If revealed it could destroy his life forever.

All Clara and Luke want to do is enjoy the summer holidays together. Only Clara’s parents have different ideas and the Gypsy hostilities are escalating to crisis point.

Will Luke be able to protect his family and keep his secret safe? Will Clara conquer her parent’s obstinacy and help Luke save the Gypsies from destruction?

‘A Gypsy Secret’ is the third instalment of the gripping Full Moon series. If you enjoy fantasy and magic with your adventures, then you’ll love this book.

Find out more…


Full Moon Series Book Four

Gypsy Legends: The Quest for Peace

The legend spoke of a new threat – a devastating war that could destroy the Gypsy race, unless the gifted children could prevent it…

Clara’s excited. It’ll soon be Christmas. Two weeks off with cozy lie-ins, delicious hot chocolate, and presents under the tree. Not to mention being able to shape-shift to her heart’s content. Except, her best friend, Luke, has disappeared off the face of the earth and she longs to know what’s happened to him.

Luke’s a Gypsy. He’s on the road with his clan when they’re viciously attacked. Fleeing the ensuing chaos, Luke finds himself desperate and alone. Not able to trust his own kind, he makes his way to the only non-Gypsy he knows, Clara.

While dodging Luke’s pursuers, the friends try to figure out why someone wants to capture Luke so badly. Do the answers they seek lie within the Gypsy Council, who’ve inexplicably called for a clan gathering on Christmas Eve?

Facing terrifying Gypsy armies, and battles against ‘old magic’, can Clara and Luke outsmart their enemies to save the Gypsy race?

Find out more…


Full Moon Series Book Five

 A Gypsy Twist

She thought the battle was won, then she made a startling discovery…

After a traumatic Christmas, life has largely gone back to normal for Clara. At least, as normal as a shape-shifter having panic attacks can get. But then she starts receiving anonymous threats and suspects she’s being followed.

Clara flees to her great aunt’s cottage and is surprised and delighted to reconnect with the Gypsies there. Until she makes a terrible mistake that results in her friends stumbling into mortal danger.

Unexplained disappearances, angry villagers, and a horrendous new evil all leave Clara gasping for breath but, with time running out, she’ll have to dig deeper than she ever imagined possible to find the courage and strength to save her friends.

This fifth book in the ‘Full Moon’ series ramps up the stakes for our heroes, taking them to new emotional highs and lows as they face increasingly powerful adversaries. A total must read for fans of the series.

Find out more…

Full Moon Series Book Six

 A Gypsy Dilemma


Danior’s back … and he’s out for revenge.
The malevolent Danior has escaped from custody. Des’s Gypsy clan don’t know where he is or what he’s up to, but they strongly suspect he’ll come after Clara, the teenage shape-shifter who captured him, and they vow they’ll do whatever they must to keep her safe.
Clara’s scared. Danior’s power is rising rapidly, and her Gypsy protectors are diminishing with every attack, leaving Clara and her family at their most vulnerable. 
Then Clara’s world explodes in the most painful way imaginable, and a beleaguered Des is forced to make an impossible choice – keep his promise to Clara … or risk the potential disintegration of the entire Gypsy race.
What readers are saying about the ‘Full Moon’ series:
“I absolutely love the entire series.”
“I couldn’t stop reading!”
“Amazingly Addicting.”
“Thank you for a great read.”

Find out more…




About the Author
D.A. McGrath was born in Chester, England. She became hooked on books after winning a ‘Winnie the Pooh’ storybook collection at the age of seven.

Now an Amazon bestselling author, and winner of multiple ‘Litpick Top Choice’ awards, D.A. has published six books in the Full Moon series and is now working on the first book in a new series, which is scheduled to be published in 2021.

When not writing, D.A. enjoys going on adventures to new places and learning new things about the earth – past, present and future. On those rare occasions when the UK skies are clear, she especially enjoys peering through her telescope at stars, galaxies, and planets, imagining the day that humans can go beyond our solar system and into the unknown!

Find out more at: www.damcgrathauthor.com


