
Jackson Little-Light’s Big Adventures

Worst Day Ever


Ellen Hooge & Ray Keighley



Smashwords Edition
Copyright Ellen Hooge - 2013

Copyright: All rights reserved. 

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. 
This book is a work of fiction. With the exception of recognized media personalities and historical figures, the characters in this novel are fictional. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 

Illustrations by Ray Keighley
Formatting by RikHall.com



Dedication

to all kids who go home from camp determined to follow Jesus.

“And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.” John 10:28



Introduction

Jackson Little-Light lives on a Cree First Nation. He doesn’t want to get into trouble every time he turns around, but it seems to happen a lot! 
Jackson had a great week at summer Bible Camp and decided to follow Jesus just like his counselor did, just like his Mosom and Kokum did. They were the three people he admired most in the world and he really wanted to be like them. 
However, things kind of got out of control on the first day of school when he decides to jog to school in his brand new runners instead of taking the school bus. He doesn’t really mean to get the rodeo bulls so mad and  . . . well you will have to read all about it. 

Cree words you’ll need to know

Mosom – Grandfather
Kokum – Grandmother
Nosisim – Grandson
Iskwew – Woman
Moniyas – White man
Bannock – bread that can be fried or baked



JACKSON LITTLE-LIGHT’S WORST DAY EVER
Chapter 1 – First Day Worst Day
“Worst day ever!” Jackson slumped down on the couch and stared at his bare feet. His dark eyes clouded with pain.   
“How could it have happened? Everyone hates me now. How could everything have gone so wrong?”  
His chest tightened and his throat closed up but he refused to cry. He sure didn’t want his little sister asking him what was wrong. She would never understand. Who would understand? 
“Jackson! Where are you? I need to talk to you.”
Jackson’s head snapped upward. His eyes widened. “Oh no! It’s Mom! I’ve got to get out of here!”
Bolting to the back door, he grabbed his old runners, ran behind the shed, stopped for a panicky minute to put on his shoes and tore across the field toward the river without looking back. 
At the river, Jackson once again stared at his feet in despair. This time his hands rested on his knees as he gasped for air. 
“Nosisim! What’s your big hurry?” 
Great! He hadn’t even seen his grandmother sitting on the riverbank with her fishing pole. What next? How could this day get any worse? His breathing began to slow down as he watched Kokum reel in her line. 
“Did you catch anything?” Jackson asked between breaths.
“Just a little speckled trout but that won’t feed everyone. Food seems to disappear fast at your end of the table.” 
“Do you want me to try my luck for a while?”Jackson asked.
Grandma glanced sideways at him, “I don’t know . . . I saw the look on your face when you were runnin’ here. It doesn’t look like you are havin’ a very lucky day.” she said. 
Jackson didn’t say anything. He dropped down onto his stomach in the prickly prairie grass and buried his face in his folded arms. He didn’t care if the fragrant sage tickled his skin. He didn’t care if ants crawled up his nose. He just didn’t care. And he wasn’t going to talk to Kokum about it even if she used all her tricks on him. He wouldn’t let the tears squeeze out of his closed eyelids either.
“Well, I guess I should start to go home now.” said Grandma as she started to pack up her tackle box. “It takes me a long time to cross the field at my age. I might need help from someone young and strong.” 
“I’m not going back with you. I’m not ever going back.” said Jackson.
“Well then, you should keep my fishin’ gear and the little trout.”  
Grandma looked around at the wide prairie landscape and pointed to a place by the river bank. 
“My family used to camp over there. It’s a good place. We dug into the earth and built a log roof on top of the hole. Then my Kokum cut squares of prairie grass right out of the ground and planted them on the roof so the wind couldn’t get in.” 
Grandma pulled her eyes away from the riverbank and stared straight at Jackson. “But one dark night, she went on, “when I was already in bed,” her voice got louder as she told the story, “I could hear a pack of wolves chasin’ a deer. The sound got closer and closer until the deer ran right over the roof above my head. His foot crashed right through the sod. It was hangin’ there an inch from my face while the wolves finished him off, snarlin’ and growlin’ above me.” 
“Stop it Kokum! Stop it with your scary stories. I’ve had a really bad day.”  
“It couldn’t be as bad as that night with the wolves and the deer hoof hangin’ above my head.” 
“It was much worse. At least the whole world wasn’t mad at you.” 
“The whole world? That’s a lot of people for sure. And they’re ALL mad at you?”
“Well, my whole world is.”
“Am I also mad at you Nosisim?”  
“Probably.”
“Because of the laundry I hung on the line this mornin’? Was it you that ripped my dress off the line and trampled it in the dirt?”
“No. It was the bull.” 
“Yes, your Dad mentioned the bulls at lunch.”
Jackson lifted his head up in alarm, “Did they all get out?” 
“Your Dad and Mosom Jeremy spent the mornin’ roundin’ them up and fixin’ the fence. They say someone must have been teasin’ them but I thought I saw you walk to the bus stop this mornin’ so it couldn’t have been you.” 
Jackson buried his face in his arms again. “I didn’t take the bus this morning,” he mumbled. “Austin and I decided to jog to school in our new runners.” 
“Ah . . .” said Kokum in her faraway-thoughts voice. “A young Paul Acoose are you?” 
“Paul Acoose?” asked Jackson, lifting his head again.
“He was a great runner in my grandmother’s time,” continued Kokum. “He lived on Sakimay First Nation and once held the world record in long distance runnin’.” 
“It must be in my blood then.” exclaimed Jackson as he sat upright to tell the story. “I was really excited about my new Nikes Kokum! I was going to start training for the Olympics by running to school. 
Jackson’s shoulders suddenly sagged again. “But now my runners are ruined and stinky so I hid them in the barn.” 
“How did they get stinky my boy? I thought I gave you clean socks this mornin’.”
Jackson ignored Kokum’s comment and hung his head guiltily. “We only pretended to go to the bus stop.  When we got to the main road we ran back along the trail by the bull field. I guess we were a bit tired by then so we stopped for a breather and saw that the bulls had horse flies all over them. There were thousands of horse flies Kokum. We weren’t really teasing them.” 
Jackson glanced sideways at Kokum to see if she was buying the story. “We just threw rocks to get the horse flies off and the bulls went really berserk. We took off like jack rabbits as soon as that one bull broke down the fence. I yelled at Austin to run for the barn but I didn’t dare turn around to see if he did. I tasted blood in my lungs before I even got past the clothesline and the bull was gaining ground! 

 “Oh I hope, I hope,” thought Jackson as he frantically ran across the yard. “I hope that bull gets distracted by those flapping clothes on the line and forgets all about me.” 
“Jackson! Where are you going?” yelled Austin. “The door is over here! Quick! Come in while he’s all tangled up in the laundry.”
“I’m coming in. Close the door now Austin!”
“Hey Jackson,” Austin said in a calm dry voice as he slid the door shut except for a small crack.
“What, Austin?” 
“It’s sure a good thing we were wearing our new runners eh?” 
 Jackson shot Austin a dirty look and focused on the bull again. “Oh! No! The cloth on the bull’s head . . . that’s Kokum’s best dress tangled up in his horns. What are we going to do?”
“We?” asked Austin calmly. “I think you should worry about your mother’s chickens. He pointed with his bottom lip as he pulled the door a bit tighter. The bull is headed in that direction and . . .”
“No!!!! Not the chicken fence! They’re all out. Mom’s going to kill me. Help me Austin. We’ve got to get them back in their pen before she comes back from town.”
“Nope! I’m not stepping one foot on the yard while that bull is still there.”
“C’mon Austin . . . he’s stopped snorting around. Look, he’s just eating grass. He doesn’t even remember what happened by now.” 
“I’ll tell you what Jackson. I’ll be your lookout. I’ll stay in the barn and if the bull starts to get agitated again I’ll open the door for you.”
“I’d rather take my chances with that bull than with my mom,” said Jackson as he slid the barn door open and ran toward the hens. 
Austin couldn’t believe his eyes. The minute Jackson started herding the hens toward their pen, a big red rooster ran out from behind the barn. He was madder than the bull and twice as scary. His beak and claws flew everywhere. Jackson stopped chasing chickens and ran for his life. He didn’t even see the manure pile ‘til he was stuck in poop up to his knees.  

Jackson shook his head to try to get rid of the terrible memory and focused on his Grandma again. “I tried catching the hens Kokum, but then the rooster got mad and chased me all over the yard. I didn’t even see that big manure pile ‘til I was stuck in it. I had to wiggle out of my shoes and run through the muck to get away.” 
Grandma’s face twitched in a funny way and she quickly turned from Jackson to dig through her tackle box. “Did you walk all the way to school in your poopy socks?” she asked. 
 “No, of course not. When the rooster settled down, I dug my shoes out of the manure pile and tried to wash them in the creek but I think they’re ruined. . . along with my chance to be an Olympic runner.” 
Kokum still seemed to be looking for something in her tackle box. “So how did your school day go?” 
“Terrible! Mrs. Osagin was mad that I was late for the first day of school and asked me (right in front of the whole class) if it was going to be a habit. Then she sat me next to Beyonce Bear and Rayna Delorme. They made faces and passed notes about me all day.” 
Jackson squatted down to look his grandmother in the eye. “Everyone was holding their noses and rolling their eyes Kokum. Even Austin said I was too stinky to eat lunch with.” 
Jackson straightened up and shoved his hands deep into his pockets. He scowled and kicked a rock with the toe of his old runners. “So now I have no choice but to live in a dugout with the prospect of deer hooves crashing through the roof at any moment and all I have to eat is that little speckled trout.” 
“Or,” said Kokum, “you could help me walk home and I could make you some bannock to go with the deer meat stew your mother is makin’.” She gathered up all her fishing gear and started shuffling toward the house on the uneven ground. 
Jackson’s stomach growled as he watched her walk away. He tried not to think of deer meat stew and bannock. Going home would mean he would have to face consequences. What would happen to him? What would his Dad do? He had been told so many times not to bother the bulls. . . and then there was Mom and her beloved chickens. He was in BIG trouble.
Jackson kicked another rock and felt sick about his new shoes. Would he be punished for wrecking them? They cost his parents a lot of money and were supposed to last all year long. At that thought he kicked the dirt hard in frustration. How could he ever go back to school after what happened today? Everyone was sure to call him “Stinky” for the rest of his life and he would never ever get a girlfriend.
Suddenly Jackson had an idea. He hurried after his grandmother and took the tackle box out of her hand. He put his other hand under her elbow to steady her as she walked. “Kokum,” he said, “maybe you could go into the house before me and explain what happened. Then after Mom and Dad are calmed down a bit you can give me the ‘all clear’ sign.”
“What should the ‘all clear’ sign be?” asked Kokum. She clenched her face into a thousand wrinkles and thought for a long minute. “I know,” she said, “how ‘bout if I crow like a rooster!”
Jackson stopped walking and looked at Kokum. Kokum stopped walking and looked at Jackson. She couldn’t quite hide the twinkle in her eye. She pressed her hand to her mouth but a small snort escaped from her nose. At that, Kokum started to laugh. She laughed so hard she had to lean on Jackson and hold both her sides. She laughed so hard there were tears streaming down her wrinkled face. Jackson stood there not knowing where to look or what to do. 
“Nosisim,” she gasped when she had stopped laughing, “You have had the worst day ever!” 
Kokum reached up, turned Jackson’s face toward hers and looked deep into his eyes. “I won’t be going into the house first or telling your parents about your day or giving you that ‘all clear’ sign but I will do this for you; I will walk with you to the house and stand beside you when you tell them everything. I will stand with you and give you courage.”
Jackson looked down at his little old grandma. He had ruined her best dress but she was still willing to stand by him when he was in trouble. He could hardly believe it. 
“But I ruined your dress Kokum.” he blurted out, “Don’t you care about that?”
“Yes, I care about that. It was the one I wore to your Mosom-Jack’s funeral. I’m very sad that it is ruined. You have made many people angry and sad today Nosisim. This always happens when we don’t think rules are important. You think it won’t hurt people to break rules but it does. I hope you learn that lesson on this, the worst day of your life.” 
Jackson hung his head as he finally let the tears slip out of his eyes and onto his shirt. “Will you forgive me for ruining your dress Kokum?” he asked in a small choked voice.
“Yes Nosisim, but you will still need to face some consequences. That’s how life works. I have also broken God’s rules from time to time but he stood by me when I faced up to what I did. That is why I will stand by you now. So let’s go down this road together and see what happens.



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
List the rules that Jackson broke on his worst day ever. 
What happened to Jackson as a consequence of breaking his parent’s rules?    
What are the rules God asks us to live by? Read Exodus 20:1-18
Why does he give us these rules?
What does God say will happen to people who break these rules? Exodus 20:5&7
What does God say will happen to people who keep his rules? Exodus 20:6&12
Did Jackson’s parents still love him even though he made them sad and angry? What did Kokum do to show her love?
Read: I John 1:9 
What does God expect us to do when we break his rules? 
Does God still love us even though we make him sad and angry when we break his rules? How does he show his love?

What do you think will happen when Jackson gets home? Will he have the courage to talk to his parents about his day or will he try to hide in the barn? What kind of consequences will his parents give him? Will his little sister laugh? Will the kids at school nickname him “Stinky”?



Chapter 2 – Who’s Number One?
Jackson’s feet got heavier and heavier the closer he came to the house. It seemed like his old runners weighed at least 700 lbs. By the time he got to the barn he could barely move. 
“Kokum, you go to the house; I’ll come in a little while. I need to go to the barn and get my new runners,” he said in a quiet voice.
“Where did you hide them?” Kokum asked casually.
“Between the bales,” said Jackson, hoping his grandmother would go to the house without him so he could stall for time. Facing Mom and Dad was not on Jackson’s list of favorite things to do before supper. He already had a terrible day being chased by a bull and a rooster, ruining his new Nikes, getting teased by the two hottest girls in the class and being yelled at by his teacher. Now, Kokum wanted him to end the day by explaining to his parents that it had all happened because of his disobedience. Ha! Like he really wanted to do that!
 “Nosisim, what are you doin’ in there my boy? Did the horses eat your runners or what? That deer meat stew your Mom is makin’ for supper sure smells good. Hurry up with the shoes. I should really be bakin’ the bannock by now. Do you want to eat it with jam or honey?”
Jackson put his hand over his stomach to keep it from growling. He hadn’t had a snack all afternoon. Deer meat stew and bannock? Kokum sure knows my weaknesses, he thought. And I fall for her tricks every time. 
He dug his filthy shoes out of the crack between the bales. They were covered in bits of straw and smeared with cow poop. Jackson carried them as far away from his nose as possible. No wonder he had to sit all alone on the school bus!
“What’s that smell?” Mom exclaimed as soon as the screen door opened. “Get whatever that is out of my kitchen and go talk to your dad. He wants to ask you about why all the bulls got out of the pasture this morning.”
“They didn’t all get out. . . ” Jackson said, hoping that would make a difference to the expression on Mom’s face. It didn’t.
“Are those stinky things your new runners? The new runners I spent a whole day’s wages on? What on earth? Put them out on the porch!” 
Jackson threw the runners onto the back porch, looked sideways at Kokum and blurted out. “Austin and I decided to jog to school and threw a few rocks at the flies on the bull’s ears so they chased us out of the pasture. One of them headed for the laundry line and got tangled up in Kokum’s dress and broke down the chicken fence. Then the rooster chased me while I was trying to catch the chickens and I accidentally ran through the manure pile and that’s what happened to my shoes.” He glanced at Kokum again. 
“I’ll go make bannock,” was all she said. 
“Barry!” Mom yelled for Dad, “Did you hear that?”
“Sure did,” said Dad who had suddenly appeared in the kitchen doorway with arms folded across his chest and a frown on his face. “How many times have I told you not to tease those bulls? What am I going to do with you?”
“You could forgive me.” Jackson said weakly. Wrong thing to say. “I mean . . . will you forgive me?” He tried to smile but his face didn’t work.
Dad just grunted, stared at Jackson and leaned on the door frame for a long time. Finally he said, “Mosom and I had to waste a whole morning rounding up those bulls and putting the fence back together. How are you going to make up for that?”
“Umm . . . I could . . . umm . . . go to bed without supper.” Wrong thing to say again. “Or . . . um . . . wash your truck?” Still the wrong thing to say. “Or . . .”
“Or . . . ” growled Dad, “shovel all that manure into the back of the old red Ford so I can take it to town and sell it for fertilizer.”
 “Ok Dad.” What else could he say? Jackson could actually see some justice in that. It would take as long to shovel the poop into the old red Ford as it took Dad and Mosom to round up the bulls and fix the fence.    
“Supper’s ready,” announced Kokum. She pushed her grandson over to the table and gave him a plate of stew and bannock. Then she sat down next to him with her plate. For the first time that day someone actually chose to sit next to Jackson. It felt really good. Especially since Mom and Dad didn’t feel much like talking to anyone but his little sister Jessie. 

“Ok God. . . Jackson prayed in desperation when he went to his bedroom, I’m in trouble again. Mom and Dad aren’t really talking to me after I messed with their bulls and chickens and I still have to face everyone at school tomorrow. Maybe you could make tomorrow disappear somehow or let me come down with stomach flu. And, what is Kokum doing here in my bedroom this time of night?”
“Nosisim, are you in your room already? Tonight you shouldn’t forget to say your prayers. You could sure use God’s help tomorrow.”
“What do you think he could do for me? I already asked him for the stomach flu. Do you think he’ll answer my prayer?”
Kokum walked across the room and turned toward Jackson. “Do you want the stomach flu? What do you really want Nosisim?”
“I really want tomorrow to disappear. No. I want today to disappear. I want to start the whole school year over. I want my teacher to like me and the kids to like me and I want to be the fastest runner in the school.”  
Kokum leaned close to Jackson’s face and looked into his eyes. He never dared to look away when she did that. “God is not a magician my boy. He doesn’t make our mistakes disappear. But he will go with you tomorrow and stand beside you and help you start the school year over. He might even make you the fastest runner in the school if you’re willin’ to put some work into that.”  

“Hey Stinky,” Beyonce Bear yelled across the playground the next day. “What are you doing way over there?” 
“I’m practicing for the Olympics.” Jackson yelled back as he rounded the far corner of the school and picked up speed to impress the girls. “I’m going to be a long distance runner like Paul Acoose. That’s why I got these new Nikes. All the Olympic runners have them.”
“But the runners they had on TV were bright yellow.” said Rayna Delorme with a puzzled frown. 
“This browner color is the newest trend.” said Jackson confidently. He glanced over at the girls to see their reaction. He sure hoped he looked super cool. Then he decided to jog right over to them and do the stretches he saw Husain Bolt doing on TV.
“If you really want to win races you should talk to my Auntie Iskwew,” said Rayna. “She could fix you up with some Indian medicine to help you run fast. She gave some to my cousin Donnie and he got two goals in the hockey game last weekend.” 
“Really?” Jackson’s heart started to race as he thought of the possibilities. Of course he knew about Indian medicine. His people had used it for thousands of years to gain the spirits help. He had heard stories about how people used it for hunting and getting revenge and, yes, even to win hockey games. Would Indian medicine help him become the fastest runner in the school? “How do I get some?” he asked.
“I’ll tell Auntie what you need it for and she’ll mix you up the right thing. I can prob’ly bring it to school tomorrow. So bring money and some tobacco. It’s not free.” 
Just then the bell rang and everyone filed back into school. Jackson’s head was spinning. He knew he could probably sneak a couple of cigarettes from Mosom Jeremy but where could he get the money? 
For some reason his parents didn’t approve of using Indian medicine so they wouldn’t help him out. And he had spent every penny he earned that summer on a new iPad. Maybe Kokum had some extra money in the little beaded purse she kept in her night-gown drawer.  
Later that night Jackson settled down to sleep with his stolen treasures hidden in his backpack.

“Get Out! Get out of my room! Help! Kokum! Mom! Dad! God! Help me!”
With his heart pounding in the darkness, Jackson scrambled backward against the wall beside the bed and pulled his blanket over his head. Where were Mom and Dad? His whole body was shaking. He didn’t dare make a move. What was that thing in his room?
“Nosisim, Kokum’s calm voice seemed to come from far away, did you have a bad dream?”
“I don’t know if it’s a dream or not.” said Jackson from under the blanket. “It sure seems real. It is . . . I don’t know what it is! It feels like evil and it’s coming to get me.”
“What did you do now my boy? Were you watching scary movies or playing compooter games with demons in them?”
“No,” said Jackson who was still shaking under the blanket. “When did I have time to do any of that? I came home right after school and shoveled all that manure ‘till supper. Then I did homework and went to bed.” Jackson finally worked up the courage to peek out at Kokum from under his blanket. “It feels like something evil is in my room right now Kokum.”
“Yes . .  .” nodded Kokum wisely. She narrowed her eyes and set her face into a fierce glower. “That evil thing has sure been busy tonight. Mosom Jeremy said two of his cigarettes were missing from his brand new pack. He accused your Dad of takin’ up smokin’ again. And I think that thing was in my room too. It took twenty bucks from my little beaded purse.” 
Jackson yanked the blanket back over his head again. Now he was scared of Kokum. How did she always figure stuff out? He kept his head under the blanket. “It’s all in my backpack,” he admitted. 
Kokum shuffled over to Jackson’s backpack and unzipped the side pocket. She took out the two cigarettes and a twenty dollar bill. “It almost looks like you’re buyin’ some Indian medicine,” she said with a frown.
Suddenly the blanket felt like it was smothering Jackson so he flung it back. “Rayna Delorme said it could make me run fast.”
Kokum snorted in disgust. “Did she also tell you that you will pay a big price to use it?” 
“Yes.  She said to bring tobacco and money.”
“That’s the small price you pay. When my brother used medicine to give him good huntin’ he shot his moose alright. Then he fell down a hill and twisted his knee. He couldn’t work all winter. When you use it, sometimes bad things happen to you and sometimes bad things happen to your family. All the elders know this. You kids don’t know what you are playin’ with. No wonder you had a bad dream . . . or whatever it was.”    
“But I just wanted to run fast and impress the girls Kokum,” said Jackson in a sad little voice.
“And to impress girls you would steal from me and your Mosom and allow that evil thing into your room? Was it worth it? Why didn’t you ask God for help? He does it for free my boy.”
“Will he keep that evil thing out of my room?”  
“He will let you choose who will be number one in your life,” said Kokum as she tucked the twenty into the pocket of her robe and a cigarette behind each ear. “God is the greatest spirit. He made everything. He rules everything.  He wants to help you but he won’t share that job with other spirits. If you want to use Indian medicine to get help, he’ll let you find out what that’s really like.” She turned toward the bedroom door. “I’m going to bed now,” she announced.
“Kokum! Don’t go yet,” pleaded Jackson. He wasn’t so sure that evil thing was really gone!



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Read Exodus 20:1-3 
God used his almighty power to rescue the Hebrew people from slavery in Egypt. Read about this in Psalm 105:26-38
God uses his almighty power to rescue us from our slavery to sin. Read about this in Romans 6:16-18, 23
God wanted to take care of the people of Israel and give them everything they needed. Read about this in Psalm 105:37-45
But God’s people decided to ask to other gods for the things they wanted. Read about this in Psalm 81:8-12. Why do you think they did that?
What did God do when his people deserted him for other Gods? Psalm 81:12
Just like in the story about Jackson, the other ‘gods’ required payment from the people of Israel for the use their powers. Sometimes it would be gold or cloth or the sacrifice of an animal. Sometimes they even required human sacrifice.
How is God different from the other gods in the Bible story or the other spirits in Jackson’s story? Romans 8:31, 32
Why did Jackson decide to buy the Indian medicine even though he knew about God?
Have you ever been tempted to ask other spirits to do things for you? 
Read about the decision that the people of Israel needed to make. Joshua 24:14-180

What is the decision Jackson needs to make? Is the evil thing in Jackson’s room still there? How will Jackson get rid of it? 



Chapter 3 – Idol Moments
“Kokum! pleaded Jackson. “Please come back. Please don’t leave. I’m scared.”
Jackson looked at his little bent-over Grandma in the shadows of the hall light. She leaned her wrinkled hand on the frame of the door for support. “How could someone so weak be so brave?” he thought.    
“There’s no need for you to be scared Nosisim.” said Kokum in a matter-of-fact voice. But I can’t help you. I’m just an old lady. Talk to God. He’s all powerful. Ask him to tell that thing to get out of your room.”
“Will you ask him for me Kokum?”
“Why Me?”
“He might listen to you better. Maybe he’s mad at me for wanting to use Indian medicine instead of asking for his help.”
“He might be at that,” said Kokum as she adjusted the cigarettes behind her ears. “Maybe you should apologize. God is jealous when his kids want to spend time with other spirits.”   
“I didn’t know that’s what I was doing. I just wanted to be a good runner.”
Jackson let his breath out in a sigh and slowly curled his body onto the floor. It just seemed right that he should kneel beside the bed the way he had seen his Kokum do.
“OK God,” he said into the darkness, “It’s me, Jackson. I’m sorry I didn’t ask you for help in the first place. I guess I got carried away with impressing girls. I’d like to be a fast runner but I want you to help me . . . not other spirits. So will you send that evil thing away now?”
“In Jesus’ name,” finished Kokum. “You need to ask this ‘in Jesus’ name,” she instructed. “That part is important.” Jesus’ name is the strongest name in the universe.”
“Amen,” agreed Jackson.

Jackson couldn’t quite remember when he had fallen asleep but he woke up the next morning with sunlight flooding his room. All was peaceful now. How could he avoid a third upsetting day in a row? He sat up and stretched like a cat as his active brain developed a plan. 
The screen door creaked as Kokum carefully opened and closed it on her way to collect eggs from the chickens. He would have to put his plan into action before everyone else got up.
“Jackson, get up,” Mom called from the kitchen a little while later. “It’s time for school. The bus will be here any minute. C’mon.”
“I’m sick Mom,” Jackson said in a whiny voice that he hoped sounded convincing. 
A few moments later he burst out of his bedroom with a strained look on his face, staggered to the bathroom and stood with his back to the open door. Coughing and gagging loudly he bent over the toilet and quickly emptied out a thermos of left over soup that he had in his backpack.  Wiping his mouth, he turned and gave his mom a pitiful look. “I feel real hot mom.” he said.
Jackson’s mom sighed. “You must have the stomach flu,” she said sympathetically. “I’ll go get the thermometer. I hope you don’t have a fever.”
While Mom went to the kitchen to get the thermometer, Jackson quickly scooted back to his bedroom and pressed an electric heating pad to his forehead. That morning, he had sneaked into Kokum’s room to get it when she had gone to feed the chickens. 
The sound of footsteps came down the hall so he hurriedly stuffed the heating pad between the wall and the bed adjusting his covers over it.
“Let me feel your forehead . . . Yep. It feels pretty warm,” said Mom as she took the lid off the thermometer and turned it on. “Here, put this under your tongue. I’ll be back in a minute. I have to get Jessie ready for school.” 
As Mom disappeared around the corner of the hall, Jackson took the thermometer out of his mouth and slid it between the warm folds of the heating pad. He got it back into his mouth just in time for her to reappear in his room. “Has it beeped yet?” Mom asked.  
Jackson nodded and gave a weak little cough. Mom frowned as she looked at the thermometer’s display window. She felt Jackson’s forehead again. “You don’t feel that warm.” She shrugged. “I guess you better stay home today. I have to go to work but Kokum can stay with you. Make sure you drink plenty of water, OK?”
“I will Mom,” said Jackson as he looked up into her concerned face. “Can I play games on my iPad?”
“Of course you can honey. Just don’t play outside until you feel better and your fever is gone.” 
With that Mom kissed his not-so-warm forehead and hurried out of the room to get ready for work.  
A while later, Jackson heard the screen door slam as Kokum entered with an ice cream bucket full of fresh eggs. He didn’t look up from his game when he heard her stack them into the fridge. He didn’t look up when he heard her walking down the hall toward his room. He didn’t even look up when her body cast a shadow onto his iPad.
“What’s all the gruntin’ and groanin’ about Nosisim? Are you OK?” 
“Kokum, don’t talk to me now. I’m almost to the next level. No! He crashed into a wall.”
“Why are you stabbing your little compooter thing with your finger? Don’t break the glass on it.”
“It’s my new iPad Kokum. You work it by touching the screen like that. I’m playing a cool game on it. Want to see?” 
Kokum took off her old brown work coat and tossed it onto the end of Jackson’s bed. She undid the knot under her chin that tied a flowered scarf around her head. She shook out the red and yellow flowers and carefully stuffed the scarf into the sleeve of her coat. Then she sat down on Jackson’s bed and felt his forehead.
“So, God answered your prayer and gave you stomach flu did he my boy?”
  Jackson remembered to cough and look sick. “I don’t feel good Kokum. I haven’t been able to eat anything all day.”
Jackson’s grandma raised her eyebrows. “It’s only 9:30 in the morning Nosisim,” she said.
“Well I’m still not hungry. I think I should rest now.” Jackson slid back under his blankets and closed his eyes except for a tiny slit. Through it, he watched Kokum gather up her coat and quietly leave the room, shutting the door behind her. 
Then he turned Temple Run back on to see if he could get that guy to run more than 956 meters before crashing. Jackson completely lost track of time as he played game after game. He didn’t even notice when Kokum entered the room a few hours later with a tray of weak tea and bannock. 
“Nosisim, did you want to eat something now?” she asked as she set the warm bannock on his bedside table. “I put a little honey in your tea. That’s what my Kokum used to give me when I had stomach flu . . .  tea and honey.” She looked down at the iPad on Jackson’s bed. “How do you play that game?”  
“It’s about a runner as good as Paul Acoose, Kokum. He steals an idol from an old ruined temple and some creepy black monkeys chase after him trying to get it back. He has to jump over tree roots and across bridges to get away from them. There he goes. Try to make him jump.”  
Kokum bent over and tapped the iPad but the runner tripped over a tree root. “Humph,” she grunted. “I don’t know why he wants that idol anyway. Don’t you know that God told us not to have idols? Why do you want to play this game over and over?”
“Well I can’t practice real running . . . ‘cause I’m sick, so I thought this was the next best thing,” said Jackson as he picked up the piece of bannock. He was just about to take a huge hungry bite when he saw the look on Kokum’s face and took a half-hearted nibble instead. “Thanks for making me bannock. I hope I don’t throw it up.”
Kokum narrowed her eyes as she looked at Jackson. “I’m goin’ down to the creek to do a little fishin’. Will you be OK?”
“Sure Kokum. I’ll be fine.”
Jackson watched from his bedroom window to make sure Kokum was really heading to the river with her fishing gear. Then he rushed to the kitchen and frantically started grabbing food out of the fridge and cupboards. He would have to stock up. 
When the food was safely stored in the back of his closet he settled down with a bag of chips and turned on his iPad.  

Hours turned into days as Jackson played Temple Run. He skipped out of Saturday work with Mosom Jeremy and stayed home with Dad when everyone went to church on Sunday. By Monday morning his food stash was running low and he was actually starting to feel sick for real.
“Nosisim.” You have dark circles under your eyes. I think your Mom will have to take you to the doctor today.”
“I’m OK Kokum, protested Jackson. “All I need is another day of rest.” 
He hoped she would go away so he could keep playing his game. It would be a while before everyone left for work and school. Then he would have to go to the kitchen for another raid so he could stay in his room and play Temple Run. If he really concentrated, it should only take a few more games to reach the next level. 
Jackson squeezed his eyes shut with his thumb and index finger trying to get rid of his headache.        
Dad had already left the house to mend fences. Mom had gone to work. Jessie had gone to school. Now, where was Kokum? Was that the back door? She must be out hanging laundry on the line. 
Jackson made a dash for the kitchen and gathered up as much food as he could. He scurried down the hall to his room and started stashing it all in the back of his closet beneath a pile of old clothes he had grown out of. 
“Nosisim, you dropped the Oreo cookies in the hall.”
Jackson’s heart stood still in his chest. There was a strange sound roaring in his ears. He didn’t dare turn around to face his Grandma. He wished he could disappear. 
He wished Kokum would disappear too but instead, she came up behind him and started putting all the items from his food stash into an empty white laundry basket. 
“What’s so important about a game that you have to hole up in your room for days without talking to anyone?” she asked quietly. 
“What’s so important about a game that you have to skip your Saturday chores and church?” she persisted. “I always thought you liked helpin’ your Mosom on Saturday and goin’ to church on Sunday.”
“I guess I just got carried away,” said Jackson when he finally found the courage to speak. 
“You’re just like that crazy moniyas on the game. You grabbed your  i . . .  idol and ran. You didn’t think about anything else. You played that game all night and all day and forgot everything that’s really important. Did it even make you feel good?”
“Actually, I feel kind of sick now,” admitted Jackson. “My head is aching. My heart feels sick too.” 
Kokum grunted slightly as she straightened her back. The pile of food in the laundry basket almost hid her face from view but her sharp black eyes narrowed as she watched Jackson walk across the room to his bed. 
“Was that stomach flu God’s idea or yours?”
Jackson sat down on his messy bed and hung his head. 
“So, you’re too afraid to deal with the kids at school?” asked Kokum. 
“I didn’t know what to say to Rayna about the Indian medicine,” Jackson said without looking up. 
 “Impressing girls is more important than standing up for God?” asked Kokum with disapproval in her voice. “And iPod games are more important than going to church to worship him?”
“It’s an iPad Kokum. iPods plays music.”
“Humph!” snorted Kokum as she stomped off to the kitchen with fire in her eyes.



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Have you ever had an experience with spirits or with a really bad dream? What did you do? What did Jackson do? Read Phil 2:9
Kokum said that God is jealous when we go to someone or something else for help. Read 1 John 1:9
Did God forgive Jackson for planning to ask spirits for help? Read Exodus 20:4-6 
What is an idol? Exodus 20:4  
Jackson chose to spend time with his iPad rather than spending it with God or his family. How did playing with his iPad help Jackson with his problems?
Why didn’t he want to spend time with God?
What bad things happened to Jackson when he spent all his time playing his iPad? 
Was Jackson becoming addicted to his iPad? What other ‘idols’ can we become addicted too?
Read Exodus 20:5 - What are the consequences of an addiction?
Read Exodus 20:6 - What are the consequences of putting God first in your life? 

What do you think will happen when Jackson’s Mom and Dad get home? Will Kokum tell them that Jackson faked being sick? What kind of consequences will his parents give him? Will he have the courage to go back to school and face the girls?




Chapter 4 – The Name Game
Jackson wished he could shrink down and disappear into the gopher hole at his feet. He looked at the crowd of kids gathered around him on the playground. Their eyes were mocking and bold. Rayna’s smooth brown hands rested on her hips as she gathered up taunting words and flung them at him.
“Who cares about Jesus? What kind of Native are you anyway? Why do you want to worship a wimpy white man? Go ahead and pray to him instead of using Indian medicine but don’t expect to have any friends in this school if you do.” 
The bell rang and broke the intensity of the moment. Recess was over. 
Rayna’s shiny black ponytail flashed in the sun as she whipped around and walked toward the school without giving Jackson a backward glance. Everyone turned and followed her into the school. Everyone: even Austin. 

“Stinky stinky bo binky - banana fana fo finky - fee fi mo minky – stinky!”                                                                                                             
“Jackson, Jackson, bo backson – banana fana fo fackson – fee fi mo mackson - Jackson!”
The song went on and on and everyone on the bus joined in while they bounced along the rough reserve roads. Now and then the yellow bus would jerk to a stop and let out a child who would then chant the rhyme as he or she ran up the driveway toward home. Jackson kept his eyes on his iPad and concentrated on his game. He hoped ignoring them would work.
Finally Beyonce and Rayna got off the bus at their stop and the enthusiasm for the chant diminished. Austin was the only one of Jackson’s friends who didn’t enter into the cruel game. But he didn’t look at Jackson or say good bye when he was let out at his driveway.
“Jackson, Jackson, bo backson – banana fana fo fackson – fee fi mo mackson - Jackson!” Jessie sang as she skipped up the driveway beside her brother.
“For ******* sake Jessie! Stop it! I’ve had enough! O my ***. You should be standing up for me, not joining them.” 
Jessie stopped skipping and looked up at her big brother with a sassy twinkle in her eye. “I think it’s funny! I don’t know what you’re so mad about.” 
“Stinky stinky bo binky - banana fana fo finky - fee fi mo minky – stinky!” Jessie skipped up the back steps and into the kitchen, threw her lunch bag onto the counter and gave Kokum a hug. 
“How did your day go my girl?” Kokum asked with a fond smile. 
“Good! We finger painted in art today and I made a cat.” Then with shining eyes, Jessie dug into her back pack and pulled out a folded piece of pink paper. “Luci invited me to her birthday party. Can I go?” 
“We’ll ask your mom,” said Kokum holding it to the light and peering at it closely.
“And, Jackson swore at me.” 
“What?” Kokum lowered the card and looked from Jessie to Jackson with a deep frown between her eyes.
“He did it just a minute ago. He got mad at me and said Jesus’ last name and OMG at me. That’s bad isn’t it!” 
Jackson didn’t know what to say. He slipped his feet out of his shoes, left them in the porch and went to his room without looking Kokum in the eye.
When the coast was clear, Jackson grabbed a handful of cookies and ran out the back door to get some privacy. This time he didn’t chance heading to the river where Kokum could be fishing. Instead he peeked into the barn and listened for sounds of human beings. All was silent so he slipped into one of the stalls. 
“OK God, Jackson here.” He prayed out loud. “I blew it again. I said your name in the wrong way. I know that’s really bad but I was just so mad at Jessie. You’d think she’d be on my side.  You’d think someone would be on my side. Are you even on my side? I stood up for you today in the playground and all I got was mocking. They called Jesus ‘a wimpy white man’ and asked why I wanted to worship him and I didn’t even know what to say.” 
In frustration, Jackson picked up a huge armful of hay and threw it as hard as he could into the next stall.
“Haaa . . . chew!  Haa . . . chew!” a wave of sneezing erupted from the stall beside him.
“What? Who’s there?” 
In two steps Jackson went around the corner to see who else was hiding in the barn. Kokum stood there with a huge clump of hay balancing on her head like a hat. She sneezed again as she brushed it off.
“Kokum! What are you doing here?”
“I come here to pray sometimes Nosisim.”
“Me too,” said Jackson as it dawned on him that Kokum had heard everything he had just said to God. 
“I was prayin’ for you, Nosisim. You are havin’ a hard time this year for sure. But I want to tell you that God is for you and we are for you and Jesus is no wimp. He wasn’t even a white man you know. His skin was as brown as yours. He loves you enough to die for all the wrong things you have done lately and he will stand by you at school if you want him to. When I was prayin’ for you just now, he told me what to do about tomorrow.”  

The wind blew puffs of dust into their eyes as they waited for the bus at the side of the road the next morning. Austin nervously checked his backpack for something that seemed to be stuck at the very bottom of it. Jackson scowled, folded his arms over his chest and stared at the bulls in the field across from them. Jessie stood calmly holding Mosom Jeremy’s big rough hand and her other hand held tightly to her Wonder Woman lunch bag.     
Jackson, Austin and Jessie turned their heads toward the small cloud of dust in the distance that soon turned into a yellow school bus. Mosom Jeremy didn’t even glance at the bus. He calmly puffed on a cigarette and blew smoke into the cold fall sky. As the bus crunched to a halt in the gravel driveway he dropped his smoke onto the road and ground it out with the bottom of his dusty black cowboy boot.   
Jackson, Austin and Jessie tensed up. The bus door opened. The driver barely looked at them but nodded at Mosom as they all boarded the bus. 
Austin walked way to the back of the bus and sat beside a first grader he didn’t even know. Jessie quietly slid into the seat beside Luci. Jackson, feeling slightly sick, sat in the front row and stared out the window. He wished he could disappear in a puff of dust like the bus did when it left the driveway after school.
Mosom didn’t sit down. He stood in the middle of the isle facing the back of the bus and grabbed on to the seat in front of him as they continued down the road toward the next stop. 
Each child who boarded the bus had to walk past Mosom. He solemnly nodded to each one, asked how their families were doing, and kept his eyes on them as they found places to sit. The kids squirmed a bit in their seats as they tried to look anywhere but back into Mosom’s eyes.
Giggling about someone’s lame facebook post, Rayna and Beyonce barely glanced at Mosom. They pushed past him to claim their usual seats in the middle of the bus and their heads were bent down over a text they were composing as the bus lurched back onto the road.   
But their necks bent backward at the same moment when a dark shadow fell over Rayna’s smart phone. As their eyes swept upward they noticed a pair of faded blue jeans, a large silver belt buckle that said ‘1974 Bull Riding Champion’ a blue plaid cowboy shirt and a large leathery face topped by a beaten up cowboy hat. “What’s your name?” Mosom asked in a conversational tone.
“I’m Rayna Delorme and this is my cousin Beyonce Bear.”  
“Do you know my grandson Jackson?” The girls nodded in unison as Mosom continued to tower over them. “He was named after my best friend – his other Mosom – Jack Osagin. Jack Osagin was a very powerful person. As a young man he won the Paul Acoose Memorial Run, but he died from cancer last year.”
 Mosom paused as the bus jolted over a rut in the road. “A person’s name is very sacred, and it should be treated with respect. Do you agree?”
The girls nodded in unison as the bus pulled to a stop in front of the school. All the kids quietly filed past Mosom and the two girls. 
When everyone else was out of earshot, Mosom leaned toward the girls and said, “I don’t mind telling you that my grandson means a lot to me. I would lay down my life for him if I had to.”
The girls didn’t know where to look or what to say. After a long awkward moment, Mosom moved aside and let them leave the bus. Rayna was already down on the third step when she suddenly turned back to face Mosom and said. “But he was really stinky that first day of school.”
“Yes.” agreed Mosom, “He is really stinky sometimes.” Then he smiled a Rayna and Beyonce. 
They smiled back and ran toward the school with their backpacks bobbing behind them.



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT 
How did Jackson show the kids at school that he was on God’s side? 
How did God show that he was on Jackson’s side? Read Psalm 118:5-9 - especially verse 7.
Read Exodus 20:7 Is Jesus God? Read Hebrews 1:8 
Why did Jackson misuse God’s name?
Have you ever used God’s name in the wrong way? Why?
Who gave you your name? Do you know the meaning of your name? Do you like your name?
How would you feel if people called you names or used your name in a hurtful way?
How does God feel when we misuse his name?
Read 1 John 1:9 - Did God forgive Jackson for misusing his name?
God has many names that tell us who God is. Read Isaiah 9:6 
Which name of God means the most to you? Why?

What will happen to Jackson at school? Will Rayna and Beyonce stop teasing Jackson? Will they still call him Stinky? Will Austin sit with him at lunch?  



Chapter 5 – Give Me A Break
“Was your Mosom really a bull rider or did he get that belt buckle at Value Village?”
Jackson could tell by the twinkle in her eye that Beyonce wasn’t really trying to dis his Grandpa so he let the comment go and bent down to tie his shoe. “Y’know the bulls in the field, by our bus stop?” he asked casually, “Mosom raises rodeo bulls now. Really good ones. A couple of them have even bucked in the Stampede.”
“The Calgary Stampede?” asked Beyonce in awe.
“No, the Medicine Hat Stampede,” admitted Jackson as he tied his other shoe. What was it going to take to impress this girl? Maybe he should practice his running at recess. 
Jackson could feel Beyonce’s dark eyes following him around the school track. It felt good. He didn’t give her the satisfaction of seeing him glance her way though. He just kept running and running and running. All the while hoping she would be think he was cool, he imagined he must look like an ancient hunter running down a deer. He thought he must look just like Paul Acoose winning a world record or like his Mosom Jack in the Acoose Memorial Run. 
Finally the bell rang. Recess was over and all the kids filed into school while Jackson hung back a bit to catch his breath. He leaned on the wall around the corner from the door but was having a really hard time dragging enough air into his lungs. His breath sounded like someone sawing firewood. Sweat began pouring from his head and he wiped it away from his eyes with the front of his shirt. 
“I hope I can get control of myself before anyone comes looking for me,” thought Jackson frantically as he surveyed the dwindling number of kids on the playground. “It sure won’t help my image any if Beyonce and Rayna see how winded I am after such a little jog around the track.” 
Finally Jackson’s breath slowed down enough for him to try sauntering confidently toward the school entrance. If he was going to be a good runner, he would have to do a lot more training. Hot girls would not likely be impressed with a wimpy wheezing kid whose t-shirt was drenched with sweat.  

“Jessie!” Jackson yelled in frustration. “Stop fooling around and look at the watch or I’m not going to walk you over to Luci’s birthday party.”
“If you don’t, I’ll tell mom on you, Jackson Little-Light.” said Jessie with her hands on her hips. “And you’ll be in big trouble again.”   
“Just concentrate one more time, Jess and then we’ll go. Stand right there. Are you ready? OK, tell me when.”
Jackson crouched down into his starting posture while gazing up and pointing to God in exactly the same way Husain Bolt did at the Olympics. His yellowish brown runners were poised against the small hollows he had dug in the dirt. His fingertips were spread out on the ground in front of him. His body was coiled into a tight spring. “Set!” yelled Jessie in an official sounding voice.
Jackson’s hind end shot upward and he stared at the finish line.   
“Bang!” yelled Jessie as Jackson exploded into a sprint. 
Before he knew it Jackson had run 100 yards and his chest broke through the blue party streamer tied between two poplar trees. 
“How did I do Jessie?” he asked eagerly, hoping to break his personal best time. 
“Umm . . . I forgot to look at the watch,” said his little sister. “Sorry Jackson. Can we go to the party now? ” 
“No! You need to time me properly first.” 
“But Luci’s mom said I could help her blow up balloons if I got there early.” Jessie’s eyes began to tear up as she twisted the skirt of her little pink dress in her hands. 
“Jessie, this is important,” explained Jackson as patiently as he could. “I need to practice my running.”
“But you did practice,” said Jessie tearfully. “You practiced every day after school. Why do you have to practice on Saturday too? Now I’m going to be late to the party because of all your stupid practicing!” 
“OK. OK. Stop being such a crybaby. I’ll get you there on time. I have an idea. Stay right here. I’ll be back in a minute.”
Jackson took off running toward the pasture across the road. He stopped beside the fence and lifted an old riding bridle off the fencepost by the gate. He then placed two fingers into his mouth and gave a sharp whistle. His horse Cheyenne lifted her head, pointed her ears toward the sound and began trotting joyfully toward Jackson in anticipation of an adventure. 
After a quick pat on Cheyenne’s sleek brown neck, Jackson slipped on the bridal and buckled it. Then he tied her to the fencepost, opened the gate and walked around to untie the bridle. In no time he and Cheyenne were trotting down the road to the place where Jessie waited.  
“Give me your foot Jessie. I’ll boost you onto Cheyenne’s back.”
At that, Jessie burst into sobs and said, “I can’t ride her Jackson. She’s way too big for me and she’s not even saddled.”
“You won’t have to ride her silly. Just sit on her and grab her mane. I’ll hold the bridle and run with her   to Luci’s house. That way I’ll still be able to practice my running and you won’t be late for the party.”
Jessie looked a bit worried as she bounced along on Cheyenne’s back in her pink party dress while Jackson jogged ahead of his horse carrying Luci’s birthday present in its Barbie Princess gift bag.
 And things might have turned out just fine if a huge black 4 by 4 hadn’t suddenly spun out of Luci’s driveway. It sprayed gravel everywhere. Cheyenne reared up in surprise. Jessie catapulted onto the road. Jackson dropped the Barbie princess gift bag and ran to rescue Jessie.  
“Are you OK Jess?” asked Jackson as he helped her to her feet and tried to dust the dirt of her party dress.  
“Yes, but my dress isn’t OK and Cheyenne is stepping on Luci’s birthday present!” 
 Jessie’s sobs got louder as Jackson led both her and the horse the rest of the way to Luci’s house. 
Luci and her mom rushed to the door to see what the commotion was. “What on earth happened to Jessie’s dress?” asked Luci’s mom.  She looked at the horse and then at the ragged present. “Jessie, are you sure you’re OK? You better come into the house and get cleaned up.”  
As usual, Jackson got all tongue tied when he saw Luci’s mom. She was so beautiful. He just stood there with the Barbie Princess gift bag in one hand, Cheyenne’s reins in the other hand and stared at her with his mouth wide open. He wished he could think of something smart to say that would explain the state of the dress and the gift. Instead he blurted out, “Mosom Jeremy is going to pick Jessie up after the party.” 
Then he turned around and he ran down the driveway with a very confused horse trotting behind him.

“I just don’t understand why my sprint times are getting worse not better,” Jackson complained to Mosom on the way to church the next morning. “I’ve practiced and trained for hours every day and I seem to be getting slower.”
Mosom adjusted his beat up cowboy hat and rubbed his hand over his face. “Maybe you need to take a break now and then. The Creator didn’t make our bodies to work all the time.”
The van pulled up to the church and everyone got out. Jackson sat with the rest of the family and restlessly went through the motions of singing worship songs. If only he didn’t have to go to Auntie Holly’s place after church. He knew he would be stuck playing Xbox all afternoon with his cousins and there would be no time to get any running practice in before dark. 
Then, in the nick of time, between the announcements and the last song, Jackson had an idea. 
When the kids were dismissed to go to their Sunday school classes in the basement; he went with them but hung around at the back of the room until Auntie Holly arrived to teach the class. 
“Uh. . . I noticed that there are a lot of little kids here today Auntie, do you want me to check and see if they need extra help in the nursery?” Jackson tried not to shift from foot to foot but concentrated on looking innocently into Auntie’s eyes. 
Auntie looked a little suspicious but ended up saying uncertainly, “Well, it’s nice of you to offer to help. OK . . . why don’t you go ask if they need you.”
Jackson was gone in the blink of an eye. He walked down the hall toward the little kid’s play room but made a quick left turn before he got there. In a flash, he was out the back door of the church and running freely down a small path in the bush.
It was a beautiful fall morning, and Jackson thought it would feel good to run through the bush like a deer . . . but it didn’t. Jackson’s feet felt like they were weighted down with horseshoes and his lungs seemed to be too small to suck in much air. He was sure Paul Acoose would have kept on going no matter how terrible he felt so Jackson kept running too. He was slowing to a mere stagger when he finally heard Pastor Dan lead everyone in the closing song. 
Somehow Jackson managed to drag his aching legs into the back door and down the hall to his classroom just as all the kids were being dismissed. 
“Jackson,” exclaimed Auntie Holly. “You look completely worn out.”
“Yep,” said Jackson, panting between words, “Those little kids are a handful.”

Sometime that afternoon, Jackson developed a chough and a fever. It was a real one this time. Even Kokum believed him and sent him to bed as soon as they got home from Auntie’s. 
Jackson was so worn out he didn’t even feel like playing Temple Run on his iPad. He just curled up in a ball and coughed into his covers. He didn’t even realize Kokum came into his room until he heard the clinking of the mug as she stirred honey into his tea. 
“Tea and Honey,” said Kokum quietly, “That’s what my Kokum used to give me when I was sick. Do you want me to pray for you Nosisim?”
“OK.” croaked Jackson not even having enough energy to turn his head toward her.
“Creator God,” prayed Kokum as she knelt down at the edge of Jackson’s bed. “I pray that you will forgive my Nosisim for not takin’ a break when his body needed one. Forgive him for practicin’ his runnin’ instead of takin’ time to worship you. I also pray that you will forgive him for lyin’ to his Auntie. 
The bed creaked a bit as Kokum got up and shuffled toward the door.
“Hey!” Jackson mustered all the strength he could to roll over and face his Grandma. “You didn’t pray for me to get better Kokum. What’s up with that? I have to get better soon. There’s a big race coming up at school. There’s a competition happening with four other reserves and I’ve been chosen to represent my class in the race. ”
“We’ll have to see ‘bout that Nosisim.” said Kokum with a frown. “You better try to get some rest now.” With that, she quietly left Jackson’s room and shut the door behind her.



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Read Exodus 20:8-11
What is the Sabbath day? Exodus 20:10
Who is supposed to take one day off work every week? Exodus 20:10
Why did God ask us to take one day off every week? Exodus 20:11
Read Genesis 2:1-3
Did God rest on the seventh day because he was tired? Read Isaiah 40:28 
God rested on the seventh day to enjoy everything he had just created. We also need to take time to enjoy life. 
Do we get tired if we work all the time? Read Isaiah 40:30
Why do you think Jackson’s sprint times were getting slower? What was Mosom’s advice to Jackson?
What do you think would have happened if Jackson had taken time off from running and kept the Sabbath? Read Isaiah 40:29-31
Do people in your family take one day off each week to enjoy life and rest? What do you do that day? 
Read 1 John 1:9
Did Jackson ask God to forgive him for not taking a break? Why not? 
Does Kokum still love Jackson even though he does bad things? 
Does God still love us even though we do bad things?
How does Jackson’s bad behavior make it hard for him and Kokum to be close?
 How does our bad behavior make it hard for us to be close to God?

Will Jackson get better in time for the big race? Who spun out of Luci’s driveway in such a big hurry? 




Chapter 6 – Trust And Obey 
Jackson was still coughing quite a bit by the end of the week and every time he practiced running his cough got worse. He prayed every day that God would take his cough away in time for the big race but it didn’t seem to be working. The day of the Twilight Race was getting closer and he didn’t know if he would be well enough to run in it. He gazed out of the bus window at the grey clouds that were gathering in the distance and hoped he would finally find a way to convince his parents he should enter the race. 
Beyonce plopped down beside him in a puff of perfume and pink stuff. She dropped her pink backpack on the floor of the bus and turned on her pink iPhone. “Yes!” She exclaimed. Jared imprinted on me. I’ve always thought he was the hottest. Did you know he’s Cree?” 
“What are you talking about?” asked Jackson as the bus lurched down the road. “Who’s Jared?” Jackson could hardly believe that Beyonce was sitting right there beside him on the bus. That had certainly never happened before. Come to think of it no girl had voluntarily sat down beside him anywhere. But Beyonce seemed to be enamored with this Jared person who was imprinting on her or something. 
Beyonce looked up from her iPhone in surprise. “You don’t know who Jared Cameron is? From ‘Twilight’?”
Jackson still looked blank.
“He’s in the wolf pack on the ‘Twilight’ movies.”
Jackson didn’t want to admit to Beyonce that his family didn’t really approve of the ‘Twilight’ movies. Mom and Kokum had a tendency to go on and on about vampires and shape shifters being nothing to make light of or focus on. They said we didn’t have to disappoint God by spending money to look at things that made him angry.  
Beyonce didn’t seem to notice Jackson’s hesitation as she rattled on about her movie crush. “I just did a quiz on line about which one of the wolf pack would be most likely to imprint on me and it was Jared.” She squealed. “When you run in the race tomorrow will you run with your shirt on or off?”
“What?” sputtered Jackson his face draining of color? “Is that what the Twilight Race is all about?”
He had thought it was just named that because the days were getting shorter and they would all be running the race at twilight. Is that why his parents looked kind of strained whenever he mentioned getting better in time for the race? Jackson took time to cough into his sleeve. It gave him a moment to recover his composure. “My shirt?” he croaked.
“Yes,” smiled Beyonce right into his troubled eyes. “I just love it when those super hot guys run with their shirts off and then burst into their wolf phase.”
The bus lurched to a stop and Jackson had to tear his gaze away from Beyonce’s to gather up his back pack and his composure so he could get out at his driveway.

“Absolutely not!” Jackson was helping his mom dry the dishes after supper. He had just asked once again if he could run in the race the next day. “You know how we feel about the ‘Twilight’ movies. You’ve had experience with evil. You know that it’s nothing to play around with. For heaven’s sake, you were screaming for God’s help in the middle of the night not too long ago. And now you want to run a race that honors vampires and werewolves?”
Jackson had been drying the same blue dish for a long time. 
How could he explain to his mom about Beyonce sitting next to him on the bus for the very first time because he was going to run in the race . . . possibly without his shirt? Nope. He couldn’t mention that. 
How could he tell her that running was the only thing he could do well and that he needed something to impress the kids at school with? That didn’t sound like a topic he could discuss with mom either so he just kept drying the dish.
“You’re going to rub a hole in that plate.” Jackson’s mom said dryly.   
“Werewolves aren’t even real mom.” Jackson managed to sound sarcastic as he put the blue dish in the cupboard and picked up a wet one from the rack. “I just like running, that’s all.” 
“I know you do my son. And you will have plenty of chances to run in races that honor God. Besides, you aren’t really over that cough yet. I don’t want you to get sick again by stressing out your lungs.”
Jackson didn’t say anything for a long time. He knew it was useless to argue with his mom when her mind was made up. Drying the dishes gave him time to come up with an idea though. 

The next evening he had to pretend to be sick again. He coughed his guts out after supper and hardly even had to fake it ‘cause his cold hadn’t really gone away. His mom had sent him to bed early. Now he was in his room preparing for the Twilight Race. 

Jackson got out his dark brown toque, stuffed it with a t-shirt and laid it in the hollow that his head made on the pillow. Then he packed his blanket with bunched up clothes. He stepped back and looked at his handiwork, stuffed another pair of jeans into the place where his hips would usually be and nodded his head in satisfaction. Next, Jackson put his iPad underneath the brown toque and turned on the coughing app. It sounded real. So worth the three dollars he spent on it! 
“Now, to get out of here,” he almost said out loud. 
With a lot of grunting and groaning Jackson pushed the old fashioned window pane as far up as it would go and thrust a leg out into the cool evening air. But just as he got ready to roll his body and other leg over the ledge, the window slammed shut onto his back. There he was; stuck on the window ledge with one leg in the house and one leg outside. 
“Great,” thought Jackson laying his head on the splintered window sill. Now what am I going to do? If I yell for help I’m in big trouble once again. If I don’t yell for help I’ll have to spend the night hung up on this window sill!  A cold gust of wind made him shiver.   
At that point, Jackson’s iPad app decided to cough. Then Jackson coughed. For the next few minutes Jackson and the iPad took turns coughing. It was really uncomfortable trying to cough while he was sandwiched between the two pieces of wood. Every time Jackson coughed, his chest would strain against the window. Then all at once it came unstuck and Jackson tumbled the rest of the way out of the house. 
“Are you all right in there Jackson?”
Oh no! Mom was at his bedroom door! 
“I’m fine,” Jackson assured her as he stifled a cough. Then he held his breath until he heard her footsteps disappearing down the hall. His iPad gave a pitiful little cough as he ran off into the fading daylight.  
When Jackson arrived at school everyone was already lining up for the relay. While Beyonce and Rayna watched and giggled, he took off his shirt . . . and quickly put on the school t-shirt he was given. By that time his face was beet red. Then he walked down to the edge of the playground to take his place with the other boys he was competing against.  
The race was marked out with white flags that were tied to trees and fence posts along the way. It wound through gullies and over hills, through little groves of trees and around a few old granaries. 
Jackson was the second runner in the relay. A teacher from another school gave him the baton he was supposed to hand off to Austin. A shiver of excitement went right through Jackson’s spine. This was it. He was in a real race. He jumped up and down just like Husain Bolt did before his races. It actually helped to settle his nerves a bit. 
“On your mark!” He heard the principle yell through a megaphone. “Set!” 
Jackson tensed up as he heard the starter gun and the cheers of the crowd. He tried to keep calm as he watched his team-mate run toward him with his baton extended. The hand-off went smoothly. Jackson tucked the baton against his arm and ran like a deer in hunting season. As he tore down the path toward the next white flag he realized that if he veered off the path and went through a little stand of trees on the right, he could shave a few feet from the race without going out of bounds. 
Jackson’s blood was pounding in his ears as he hurdled over a fallen tree and crashed through the bush. He jumped over a bundle of old clothes and nearly tripped on a man’s foot in the middle of the path.  
What was a man’s foot doing in the middle of the path? Was someone in trouble? Jackson knew he was way ahead of the other runners so he stopped for a second to see where the foot led to. 
What he saw next made his blood run cold. The foot and old clothes belonged to a man he didn’t know. His eyes were staring vacantly toward the tree tops. He was lying in a pool of dark blood. 
Jackson didn’t stop to examine the body and he sure didn’t need any more motivation to run as fast as he could. He burst out of the trees with terror-wide eyes. He couldn’t seem to get to Austin fast enough. “There’s a dead man in the bush back there,” Jackson managed to gasp out as he passed the baton.  
Leaning his hands on his knees Jackson gave in to a huge coughing fit. He didn’t even notice that Rayna, Beyonce and a few of the other girls from school had appeared beside him. 

“I’ve never seen you run that fast before,” said Beyonce with real awe in her voice.
“You looked just like Jared Cameron,” sighed Rayna. “I like the way you made your face go all white like that. How did you do it? Is it vampire make-up?”
Jackson just stared at her. Even though she was standing close to him she seemed to be far away somehow. He suddenly didn’t think impressing her or Beyonce was that important. He had to get home.  
In spite of his constant coughing, getting back in the window was way easier than getting out of it. Jackson crept into bed, turned off his iPad and pulled the covers over his shoulders. He felt miserable. He should have listened to his parents. Why did he always have to learn things the hard way? Now he was really sick and terrified too. 
“OK God,” he croaked, “Jackson here. I’m sorry I disobeyed my mom and dad. I should have trusted them. Mom was right about me not being well enough to run tonight and you prob’ly didn’t answer my prayer to get better in time for the race so you could spare me stumbling over that dead guy. I sure wish I had never crawled out of that window tonight. What am I going to do now God?”  



LET’S THINK ABOU IT
Read Exodus 20:12
What does the word ‘honor’ mean? Read Leviticus 19:3 for a clue. Is a different word used there? Did Jackson honor his parents? Why? 
Read Ephesians 6:1-3
What does the word ‘obey’ mean? How is obeying your parents different from honoring them? How is it the same? Is there ever a time you should not obey your parents? Look closely at Ephesians 6:1
Is there ever a time you should not honor your parents? 
Describe a situation where a parent should not be obeyed. How would a child honor or respect their parent in that situation.
What is the reward for honoring your parents?
How would Jackson’s life have been better if he had honored and obeyed his parents?
Read 1 John 1:9  Did God forgive Jackson for disobeying his parents? 

Will Jackson tell his parents about the dead man in the bush? Will he at least call 911? Who is the dead man anyway? Is Jackson finally finished with trying to impress girls – or not? 



Chapter 7 – Who Dunit?
Jackson should have been happy to be skipping out of school on Monday but he was way too sick to care about the things that usually gave him joy. He had just spent two miserable nights coughing and hacking and every time he tried to shut his eyes to get some sleep he saw the dead man’s face flash across his mental screen in living color. It was horrible. Now he was sitting beside his mom in the medical clinic waiting forever to see the doctor. He was about to doze off again when the two women in the chairs to his left startled him awake.   
“They say little Austin Sparvier found the body on his way home from the Twilight Run,” said the woman with elks marching across her fleece jacket.  
“But the body was found in the trees behind the LeRat’s house. That’s not even remotely on Austin’s way home,” said the lady with the big hair.   
“Well my nephew Terry is with the RCMP,” sniffed Elk Jacket Woman stiffly. “He should know.”
“Is the dead man someone from around here?” asked Big Hair Lady in a shifty eyed whisper.   
Elk-Jacket leaned in close to Big-Hair. “Terry said he’s from Regina. He doesn’t have any connections at all to this reserve. No one knows what he was doing here.”
“Was it . . .” Big-Hair squirmed uncomfortably in her seat, “. . . suicide?” 
“No. He was shot in the back,” whispered Elk-Jacket with a frown. “Terry said he might have been shot by a hunter who thought there was a deer in the bushes.”
“That still doesn’t explain what a stranger from Regina was doing in the bushes,” said Big-Hair mysteriously.
“Or,” whispered Elk-Jacket “who the hunter was that  . . .”
“Jackson Little-Light?” called the nurse. “Come this way.” 
Jackson’s legs were trembling as he followed the nurse down the hall of the clinic. He knew it wasn’t just because he was sick. Who was the dead guy from Regina and what was he doing in the bush behind Luci’s house? Was it really a hunter who shot him? Was Austin pretending he had discovered the body? Of all the nerve!

“So what’s cooking tonight?” asked Mosom as he sniffed around the kitchen and lifted the lid of the pot that was simmering on the stove. 
“Hamburger soup.” smiled Mom. “Want to stay for supper?”
“I’ll phone Holly,” said Mosom as he clumped off to the phone in his cowboy boots.  
Most of the time, Mosom ate at Auntie Holly’s house but now and then he ate with Jackson and his family. 
“What are you having for supper over there?” asked Mosom when someone at Auntie Holly’s answered the phone. “Uhhu . . . Uhhu.  . . . Hmm.  Mosom put his big hand over the phone speaker and yelled into the kitchen. “Are you making bannock tonight Kokum?”
Kokum appeared in the doorway with flour all over her hands and arms on the front of her apron and a smudge of it on her nose. She just waved her hands at Mosom and didn’t need to say anything else before she disappeared into the kitchen again.
“Yah, I think I’m invited to stay here for supper so don’t wait for me,” said Mosom.  
“What’s Auntie Holly making for supper?” Jackson wanted to know. 
“Not Hamburger soup and bannock, that’s for sure,” said Mosom with a big grin. “So you’re interested in food again? That’s a good sign. You must be feeling better. Back when I was your age we didn’t have antibiotics. Had to tough it out when we got infections. Not everyone made it. I had a little sister that died.” 
“The doctor said I have pneumonia. Did you get it at my age too?” asked Jackson.
“One winter I had a really bad infection. My mom could hardly afford it but she bought a box of oranges and gave me one every day. No one else got the oranges, just me. And I couldn’t go to school for weeks.”
“That must have been terrible not to be able to go to school,” said Jackson seriously as he looked up into Mosom’s weathered face. 
Mosom snorted and punched Jackson on the arm just enough to hurt. “Going to school was a lot more fun than lying around the house with no TV or computers. You have it pretty easy these days Nosisim.”
Jackson rubbed his arm where Mosom had punched him. He wondered how hard Mosom could punch if he really wanted to hurt someone. His mind wandered again to the face of the dead man in the trees. What would it feel like to get shot like that? Was he shot accidentally or on purpose?
“A lot of people don’t think it was an accident,” said Jackson’s dad to Mosom in a low voice as they dished soup from the pot on the stove. 
Jackson quietly took a soup bowl from the stack beside the stove and stood behind Mosom. He was all ears.
“Seems funny that a hunter wouldn’t call 911,” agreed Mosom.
“No-one seems to know who the guy was or what he was doing here. He was sure a long way from home.”
“Mom,” said Jessie breathlessly as she ran into the kitchen and interrupted the conversation Jackson was trying hard to listen to. “Can I go to Luci’s tomorrow? Can I please? Pretty please with cherries on top? She got a new mermaid Barbie and it’s not even her birthday or anything!” Jessie was bouncing all over the kitchen like Tigger and making everyone with bowls of soup very nervous. 
“Sit down and I’ll get you some soup,” said Mom a little sternly. “I can’t take you there tomorrow. I have to go into town and get groceries. You’ll have to stay here with Kokum and Jackson. But if Luci’s mom wants to bring her over here to play, that’s fine with me.”
“She won’t,” said Jessie, hanging her head and stirring her spoon slowly through her soup. “Her mom cries a lot lately and won’t even come out of her bedroom that much. Luci says she’s scared to go out of the house.”
“Most people are . . . there’s a dangerous person runin’ around the reserve lately,” muttered Kokum as she cut up the steaming bannock. 
“I’ll walk Jessie over to Luci’s,” volunteered Jackson. “I’m not afraid.” That was a lie of course but he really did want to take a good close look at the bluff of trees where he had stumbled over the body. Was there any truth to the rumor that it might have been murder? He needed to find out.
“You’re not goin’ anywhere without an adult to walk with you. I have a real bad feelin’ every time I go out the door. You kids aren’t going out there alone!” Kokum was waving the bannock knife around, her eyes were blazing. 
Jackson’s heart began to thump in his chest and his face got hot. He had never seen Kokum like that before. Did she think it was more than a hunting accident?
“I’ll take you over there tomorrow morning,” said Mosom calmly. I need to check the back fence anyway. If you’re feeling well enough, you can help me inspect it Jackson.” 

The next morning Mosom and Jackson walked Jessie over to Luci’s house. They rang the doorbell but Jackson was disappointed when it was Luci who let Jessie inside. Without any luck, he craned his neck to get a glimpse of Luci’s beautiful mom. All he saw was a lot of empty beer bottles littering the kitchen counter and a whole bunch of cigarette butts in the ash tray. The house was usually neat as a pin but today it was filthy. Jessie was right. Luci’s mom was going through a rough time.  
Without speaking, Mosom and Jackson walked down across the yard in the direction of the fence Mosom wanted to check out. It surprised Jackson when Mosom turned slightly to the west and walked purposefully toward the bluff of trees where Jackson had first seen the dead man.  
Jackson didn’t say anything. He just followed behind his grandfather. As they got closer it seemed like he wouldn’t be able to keep his heart from jumping right out of his chest. Now that he was actually here, he really didn’t want to go into the trees again but how could he tell Mosom about disobeying his parents and participating in the race and finding the dead guy in this very spot.  
“Tell me what you know about this place,” said Mosom, coming to a sudden stop. 
“I . . . I . . . snuck out of the house the night of the race. I ran through here during the relay. It was me who found the dead man.” 
Mosom stared hard and long at Jackson. “Who else knows that?”
Jackson cringed at the disappointment he read in Mosom’s eyes. “Just Austin . . . I hope. I think it was him who told the RCMP about it.”
“Do you think God cares about getting to the truth of what happened here?” Mosom asked.
“I guess so,” replied Jackson even though he had never really thought about God’s opinion in the matter.
Mosom laid his hand heavily on Jacksons shoulder. He kept staring at the little group of poplar trees and said, “OK God; we’re here wanting some answers about what happened. We want to clear this up so the reserve doesn’t have to live in fear anymore. Your name is Truth. Please guide us to the truth.”
Then he just marched right into the middle of the trees and started looking at the grass and the branches real closely. Jackson followed only because he felt safer to be in the trees with Mosom than outside the bluff by himself. Mosom squatted down and pushed aside the grass by the path. Then he walked through to the other side of the trees. Again, he squatted down, examined the dry prairie grass and looked off into the distance toward a little gully. 
“We need to go see what’s in that gully,” he said without even looking Jackson in the eyes. Once again Jackson followed Mosom across the field with a thumping heart. What did Mosom think they would find in the gully - another body?
Jackson almost laughed out loud when he saw what was in the gully. It was just a big beat up black 4by4 that someone had abandoned there. There were no bodies in sight. 
Then, he felt all the blood drain out of his face. A bad memory flashed into his brain. He could hardly breathe. He stood as still as a fence post while Mosom took a closer look at the truck.
“What do you know about this 4x4?” Mosom asked sharply.
“It . . . It scared the heebee jeebies out of Cheyenne the day I took Jessie over to Luci’s birthday party. It spun out of Luci’s driveway going a terrible speed. Who does it belong to Mosom?”
Mosom was already on the other side of the truck looking at the ruts it made as it came across the top of the hill from the direction of . . . Luci’s house. Jackson’s eyes widened.
“Do you see how the driver’s door is jammed onto the side of the hill?” Mosom asked quietly. “Someone left this truck in a real hurry that day. Look at the grass over there by the exhaust pipe. Someone left the engine running too. See these footprints in the soggy part of the gully? The way they are spaced out it looks to me like someone was running for his life.” Mosom walked another few paces. “I can see he went for quite a tumble when he hit this mushy spot.”
Mosom fingered a small scar on a tree trunk thoughtfully. Next he backtracked to examine a little round hole in the side of the 4x4. Then he abruptly started to climb out of the gully and head toward a barbed wire fence that stood between the gully and the bluff of trees where the body was found. When he got there Mosom unhooked a small piece of cloth from the top fence wire. “What do you know about this cloth?” he asked.
“It was part of his shirt,” said Jackson. “It was pretty muddy when I saw it. I thought it was a just a pile of old clothes. Then I saw the body.”
“We better go talk to the RCMP,” said Mosom grimly. “Your Kokum was right. This was no hunting accident.”
“It was murder?” gasped Jackson.  



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
What were the clues that led Mosom to believe that the dead man’s death was a murder and not an accident?
Read Exodus 20:13 Have you ever know someone who was murdered? How did the murder make you feel? Did it change your life?
How did the possibility of murder in this story make people act and feel? How did the murder change Jackson and Jessie’s lives?
Read Matthew 15:19 Where does Jesus say that murder comes from?
Read Matthew 5:21, 22 (Jesus often uses the word ‘brother’ when he means ‘everyone that you know’) According to Jesus, what is just as bad as murder? 
Read 1 John 3:15 According to this verse, who is a murderer? 
How does hate make people feel and act? How is the result of hate the same as the result of murder?  
Read Matthew 5:23, 24 What should we do if we know someone is angry at us? Why?
Mosom said that one of God’s names is ‘Truth’. Read John 14:6 
Read John 16:13 Who guided Mosom and Jackson to the truth about what happened to the dead man? 
Read 1 John 1:9 Does God forgive murder?

Will Jackson be in trouble with the police for not reporting what he knows to the police? Will he get grounded once again for sneaking out to run in the race? Who is the dead guy anyway and what does he have to do with Luci’s family?



Chapter 8 – Murder Mystery
Mosom placed his big knuckles, shoulder-wide, on the wooden desktop and leaned over to look the officer right in the eye. “So far, my grandson and I are the only people who know what I just told you and we won’t be telling anyone but you. If any of this information gets out into the public, I’ll know who leaked it.” 
Terry squirmed uncomfortably in his chair. He tired to look away but Mosom held his gaze. “OK Jeremy, we’ll be discreet in our investigation.”
Mosom straightened his back and folded his arms across his chest. “I’ll keep my grandson safe, whatever it takes.” 
Terry got up and strapped his holster on. “That’s our goal too,” he said as he reached for his hat and coat. 
Mosom turned on his boot heel and walked toward the door. Jackson followed him like an obedient puppy while thoughts tumbled around in his head. “Wasn’t Mosom even going to tell Dad what they knew? Did that mean his parents weren’t going to find out he had disobeyed them the night of the race? Was he really going to get away with it?” 
Light snow was falling from the gray sky as they drove away from the RCMP station. By the time they pulled into Luci’s driveway, snow was swirling around them like sugar in a cotton candy machine. 
“Stay in the truck,” ordered Mosom as he wrestled the truck door open. Then he leaned into the wind and went to get Jessie. 
Jackson thought it was odd that Mosom stood on the step while Jessie got ready to come home. Freezing wind lifted the brim of his cowboy hat and blasted his broad back with ice pellets. Why wouldn’t Mosom go inside to wait? Come to think of it he had never seen Mosom go into Luci’s house. 
It seemed like years before Jessie finally walked out the door with a pout on her face. Mosom grabbed her hand and hustled her into the truck. 
“Why didn’t you go inside to wait?” Jackson yelled above the storm. “It’s freezing out there!
Mosom slammed the truck door shut and glanced sideways at Jackson while he got Jessie settled. “I don’t want to start any rumors,” was all he said.   

 Please Jackson, pretty please with a cherry on top, please help us,” Jessie pleaded.
Jackson sat sulkily on the couch with his arms folded over his chest. These pesky little girls were making such a racket he couldn’t even watch his TV show and now they wanted him to join in their baby games. They probably wouldn’t give him much peace until he pretended to help them but he decided to bargain a bit before he gave in. “What will you give me if I do it?”
“I’ll give you a stick of gum,” said Luci. She went over to her backpack and dug some Juicy Fruit out of the side pocket. 
“Nope,” said Jackson flatly as he stared at the TV.
“I have a chocolate bar,” said Jessie hopefully.
“What do you want me to do?” sighed Jackson.
“Can you help us find Luci’s dad?” 
“What? Why me? What are you talking about anyway?”
Jessie’s voice had dropped to a whisper. “Luci doesn’t know where he is Jackson. And Luci’s mom has been really sad since he disappeared. If we can find Luci’s dad, maybe her mom won’t be sad anymore.” At that, Luci started to wipe tears from her eyes with the back of her hand.
“Why don’t you call a detective or something,” Jackson scowled. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do about it.” 
“The only detective we know is Officer Terry,” Luci said between sniffs. “He came to our house yesterday and asked a whole bunch of questions about the dead man they found in the bushes.” 
“He’s too busy solving that mystery to have time to look for Luci’s dad,” said Jessie with an offended toss of her head. “All the grownups seem to be too busy these days so we decided to ask you for help.”
“Doesn’t your mom have any idea at all where he is?” Jackson asked Luci.
“I don’t think so, she’s been phoning everyone to see if he’s there and she starts crying every time she hangs up the phone,” said Luci.
“I think she’s giving up,” interrupted Jessie. “She just sits on the couch and stares at the wall.” 
Jackson was sitting on his couch with arms folded across his chest starring at the TV. “Why do you think I could find him if she can’t?” 
“C’mon Jackson,” said Jessie pulling a big chocolate bar out of her hoodie pocket, “I’ll give you this one now and another one when we go to town on Saturday.”
Jackson snatched the candy out of Jessie’s hand before she changed her mind. He stripped the paper off and began to wolf it down. “Well, you’ll have to help me get into Luci’s house so I can look around for clues. That won’t be easy because of all the grownups being paranoid about murderers . . . or . . . um . . . I mean, crazy hunters hiding around every corner. They haven’t even let you go play over there since it all happened, Jessie.” 
“I can phone you the next time mom and I go out and then accidentally leave the door unlocked,” said Luci helpfully.
“You’re just lucky that Mosom’s been giving me traditional First Nation tracking lessons,” said Jackson confidently as he drooled chocolate onto his chin.  

“Austin,” whispered Jackson, “hold that flashlight steady. I don’t want to miss seeing something that could be a clue.”
“How are you going to know it’s a clue even if you do see it?” asked Austin sarcastically.  
Jackson stopped, turned around and stared right into the beam of light. “You need to know, that my Mosom took me out tracking yesterday. He’s the best hunter on this reserve and he’s teaching me all he knows.” Jackson wished he could see the super impressed look on Austin’s face but the flashlight blinded him. “Watch me closely and I’ll pass on my knowledge to you,” he finished.
Jackson and Austin stepped over a few Barbies that littered the living room. They carefully walked around Barbie’s campervan and inched their way through to the hall. “Where are we going?” Austin asked nervously. 
“Shh!” admonished Jackson in a loud whisper. “You never know when someone could be passing by. This kind of detective work has to be done in silence.”
“Detective work? I thought you were a traditional First Nation tracker.” 
Jackson didn’t have to see Austin’s face to know he was being disrespectful. He would have to teach him a lesson soon. Actually, right now was a pretty good time.
“Remember when you got the flashlight out of your pocket?” he asked. 
When Austin didn’t say anything, Jackson continued. “You accidentally pulled a piece of paper out of your pocket along with the flashlight.” Austin still didn’t say anything so Jackson went on. “I picked it up and noticed it was written on a piece of foolscap so I assumed it was written at school ‘cause I’ve never seen paper like that at your house. That means it was either a note Mrs. Osagin wrote for you to take home to your mom, or it was a note a girl passed you in class. You didn’t give the note to your mom so you are either in trouble at school, or you have a girlfriend. How’s that for detective skills?” Jackson said triumphantly.
“What makes you think it was a girl?” Austin asked a little weakly.
“Boys don’t write notes! At least not in our class. So who’s the girl?” asked Jackson as he grinned in the darkness.
“We’re here to do a job, not to discuss my love life,” said Austin as he flashed the light onto a pile of dirty clothes by the laundry room door. “Why don’t you hurry up and look for clues.” 
Jackson slowly took a folded piece of foolscap out of his jacket pocket. With great care and ceremony he opened it up and spread it out under the flashlight beam that a horrified Austin still shone toward him. 
“What!” Now Jackson was horrified. “Beyonce? You and Beyonce?”
“I-I-It’s not what you think,” stuttered Austin taking a set backward. “She started passing me notes after the Twilight Run. I haven’t been answering them or anything. I don’t even like girls yet.”
Jackson narrowed his eyes and stared at his best friend. He didn’t know whether to believe him or not. He had never known Austin to admit having a crush but . . .  
“C’mon Jackson,” Austin said urgently. “We better do what we came for and get out of here before they come back. Are there any clues in those clothes over there?”
Reluctantly, Jackson bent down to examine the clothes spilling out of the laundry room. He sorted though a few pairs of jeans and an old hoodie and . . . 
“Austin, I’ve seen this green fabric before. Have you?”
Austin gasped. His trembling hands made the flashlight beam shake weird patterns all over the wall. “Yes, on the dead guy. It’s the same fabric as his jacket.” 
“It’s a jacket hood!” Jackson whispered.
“It looks like it was ripped right off the jacket he was wearing!” Austin countered.
“No wonder he looked like a bundle of old clothes when I tripped over him.”
“Jackson, what is the dead guy’s jacket hood doing in Luci’s house?” 
“I don’t know for sure but I bet it has something to do with Luci’s dad disappearing the day before the guy wearing this jacket was discovered.” 
Jackson breathed in deeply trying to remember something that was hiding in the back of his mind. Finally he let out his breath and said, “I’m not supposed to tell anyone this but yesterday Mosom took me into the field to do some tracking at the spot where I tripped over the dead guy. 
He said the guy was running from someone before he was shot. Then Mosom looked over in this exact direction for a long minute. It gave me the creeps when he did that. Maybe whoever was chasing that guy grabbed this hood and tore it off while he was running away.” 
Jackson could feel Austin tense up in the darkness. “Why is the hood here in this house?” he asked again. “Did it get torn off here? What would the dead guy be doing here?” 
 Jackson’s eyes widened as he remembered his grandfather waiting out on the front step in a blizzard. “I don’t want to start any rumors,” Mosom had said. 
“It’s all adding up Austin! Luci’s mom must have been fooling around with that guy. I saw his truck spinning out of the driveway a few weeks ago. Maybe Luci’s dad caught him here and tried to grab him but the hood tore off. Then he chased him out to the trees . . . and shot him. That’s why Luci’s dad disappeared. I bet he’s on the run!” Jackson finished.
Suddenly a deep growl sounded out of the darkness. It exploded into loud bark. Jackson dropped the jacket hood and looked around in panic. 
“Who’s in there?” said a loud voice. At the same time a huge flashlight beam came from the direction of the back porch.
The boys scrambled into the front bedroom. Austin struggled to open the window while Jackson looked around anxiously for a hiding place. They could hear the dog’s toenails scraping on the linoleum floor in the kitchen. They could hear it panting up the hall. Big boots clumped along behind it. 
Austin was out of the window in a flash but it all seemed to happen in slow motion. As Jackson rushed toward the window he spied a beautiful beaded bracelet on the dresser. Without thinking, he scooped it up in one hand and grabbed the windowsill with the other. As he ran across the yard, Jackson glanced back to see the dog trying frantically to scramble over the windowsill after them.  
At the end of the driveway, Austin headed off toward his house without a backward glance or a goodbye while Jackson ran toward the creek. He had heard that the old warriors used to run down through the middle of a creek when they wanted to avoid being followed by trackers or wolf packs. He looked at the swaying grass as he ran and was glad to see that he was running downwind from the dog. He ran on through the slippery water until his legs and lungs were burning. Finally he had to stop and catch his breath.  
Jackson collapsed on the bank of the creek and rolled over onto his back. The stars swirled above him in the black sky. He felt so small and helpless. Kokum always said to pray when he needed help but he wasn’t always sure God wanted to listen to him. Especially after disobeying his parents and breaking into Luci’s house and stealing a bracelet. But at that moment God seemed all around him in the rustling grasses, the gurgling creek and winking stars. Kokum and Mosom seemed to take time to listen to him even when he had done something wrong. Maybe God would too.
“OK God, It’s me, Jackson. I’m in trouble again but I guess you know that already. What should I do now? Who should I tell what I suspect about Luci’s dad and that dead guy? Whoever I tell, it seems to me that I’ll be in almost as much trouble as Luci’s dad . . . or the dead guy for that matter.” 
“I don’t understand what was going on God. Was Luci’s mom really fooling around with that guy? Did Luci's dad get mad enough to shoot him? To tell you the truth, I can kind of understand that ‘cause I’m pretty mad at Austin right now for trying to steal Beyonce from me.”
“I just don’t know what to say to Luci though. I hate it when girls start crying. But then I guess I might cry too if my mom was fooling around on my dad. I just wouldn’t cry in front of anybody . . . except for you of course.”



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Read Exodus 20:14 
Adultery happens when a person has a girlfriend or boyfriend who is married to someone else.  
What are the clues that make Jackson think that Luci’s mom has a boyfriend? How do you think Luci will feel if she finds out that her mom has a boyfriend? How do you think Jackson and Jessie feel about it? 
How would Luci’s dad feel about his wife having a boyfriend? What clues point to what he did when he found out? 
How did Jackson feel about Austin and Beyonce passing notes? How do you think he will treat Austin now? Will it change their relationship? 
Read Proverbs 6:27-29 What bad things happened when someone commits adultery? 
Read Proverbs 6:32-35 Name three things that will happen to a person who commits adultery.
Read Galatians 5:13-26 Why doesn’t Mosom ever go into Luci’s house when he goes to pick up Jessie? Is Mosom living by the spirit or by the flesh? Does Mosom have the fruit of the spirit in his life? How do people feel when they are around Mosom?
Read Psalm 44:20, 21 and Psalm 90:8 Many bad things are done in secret. Jackson was wondering if he had gotten away with disobeying his parents by sneaking out to run in the Twilight Race. Who else besides Mosom knew what Jackson did? 
Does hiding his disobedience make Jackson feel happy? How does Jackson feel about talking to God when there is secret sin in his life? 
Read James 5:16 What should Jackson do to restore the good and happy feeling in his heart?

Who should Jackson tell about his discovery at Luci’s house? Who was the guy with the dog? And, why did Jackson steal the bracelet?



Chapter 9 – What A Steal!
Light shattered the darkness and woke Jackson from a deep sleep. He propped himself up on his elbows struggling to open his eyes. “What the . . .?” 
Mosom’s big silhouette loomed over Jackson’s bed, blocking out some of the glare. “Get your clothes on. I need help in the barn this morning.” 
Memories flooded Jackson’s brain as he stuffed his arms and legs into his clothes. Luci’s mom and dad . . . the break-in . . . Austin and Beyonce . . . the police dog . . . the stolen bracelet . . . he was in big trouble! What did Mosom know? Should he tell Mosom about Luci’s dad? How could he do that without also telling him that he broke into Luci’s house? Jackson was starting to hate all this sneaking around. He woke up every day with a big knot in his stomach just wondering when he would get caught.  
It was still half dark as Jackson and Mosom walked across the yard in the crunchy snow and slid the barn door open.
“I need you to load some hay bales onto the truck. The bulls are finding it hard to find grass to eat since the snow came.” Mosom’s breath came out in white puffs as he talked. Jackson shuffled from foot to foot to stay warm. 
Jackson went over to the bales, grabbed the nearest one by the twine and was just about to carry it to the truck when Mosom said: “There was a break-in at Luci’s house last night.”
Jackson’s fingers froze around the binder twine. He waited to see what Mosom would say next. 
“Officer Terry phoned me about it last night. It seems that he and his sniffer-dog were out at the crime scene in the trees when he saw a flashlight in the house and thought it was odd. He didn’t catch the burglar but he found something interesting in the hallway of the house.” 
Jackson straightened up and turned around to face his grandfather. It took a long time to find his voice and ask the question. “What did he find?”
“The hood from the dead guy’s jacket.” Mosom paused and looked closely at Jackson. “It was ripped off the jacket and left in the house.” Mosom paused again. “Does Luci know where her dad is?”  
Jackson’s thoughts bounced around in his brain till it hurt. What else did Mosom know? Was he in trouble for breaking into Luci’s house or not? What should he say about Luci’s dad? He was praying for someone to tell. Was this God’s answer? 
“Maybe Luci’s mom was fooling around on her dad,” Jackson blurted out.
“Sure seems like it,” agreed Mosom. “Officer Terry told me that the truck we saw in the trees the other day belonged to the dead guy. Its tire tracks came from Luci’s yard on the day of the murder. So did the bullets.”
“Luci told me no one knows where her dad went.” Jackson added.
Mosom and Jackson started to load bales on to the truck. They worked in the half light of dawn until the job was done. As the truck gate slammed shut, Mosom turned to Jackson and said. “Stay away from Luci’s house. If her dad comes back he could be dangerous. Adultery causes a lot of murders and a man who is desperate enough to kill once could kill again. Be quiet about what you know and don’t go anywhere near there. Do I make myself clear?” 
Jackson nodded.
“You better go get ready for school now.” 

The bracelet was burning a hole in Jackson’s pocket. He secretly slid his fingers over the beautiful beadwork of red flowers and blue diamonds that had caught his eye as he raced by the dresser the night before. He wondered how it would look on Beyonce’s wrist. She would probably love it and think he was amazing for giving it to her. 
What should he say? “Hi Beyonce, I’d like to give you a bracelet.” No, that was too lame. 
He needed to be more romantic. “Hey Beyonce, the flowers on this bracelet remind me of your luscious red lips.” Not! 
How ‘bout a macho approach. “Beyonce! Catch this!” He would throw the bracelet to her and then he would just walk away. That was it. Just imagine the look on Austin’s face when the love notes started piling up on Jackson Little-Light’s desk instead of his!
There she was! Jackson started to run down the school hallway to catch up with Beyonce and Rayna. He dodged a basketball that bounced out of a locker and rolled around two little kids who were putting on their boots. He narrowly missed crashing into a classroom door that opened up into the hallway in front of him and barreled right into Austin as he came out of the washroom. The two boys looked at each other in a moment of surprise before they collided and fell in a heap on the floor at Beyonce and Rayna’s feet.  
The girls turned around to see what the commotion was about. They looked at the boys sprawled out on the floor. Then they looked at each other and started to giggle. 
Jackson carefully began to wiggle his fingers and toes; then he moved his arms and legs. Nothing broken anyway. “Get off me, Austin!” he squeaked.
“What is that?” squealed Rayna as she stooped to pick up something from the floor.
Jackson groaned out loud when he realized she was holding the beaded bracelet. It must have fallen out of his pocket when he and Austin crashed. 
“Are you OK?” Beyonce’s concerned face hovered above him like an angel as she reacted to his groan. “Are you hurt ,Jackson?”
So much for trying to be macho, Jackson thought as he rolled onto his elbow and clumsily heaved himself to his feet.
He snatched the bracelet out of Rayna’s hand and shoved it back into his pocket. “I found it somewhere,” he said as he zipped up his jacket and walked toward the exit door. 
“Jackson, wait! Let us see it!” The girls were following at his heals as everyone poured out of the school for recess. “It’s awesome! Who did the beading?”
Jackson slowed to a stop near the swings and pulled the bracelet out of his pocket. “Do you want to try it on?” he said to Beyonce, looking her right in the eyes. 
Pleased with himself by now, Jackson watched the two girls with pride as they hovered over the beautiful piece of jewelry on Beyonce’s wrist. He didn’t care about the way Austin was staring at him and didn’t even notice Luci’s mom walking across the playground until she called out to her daughter. 
“Luci, get off the swing. I’m taking you home.”
“Why? It’s not time to go home yet,” Luci protested.
“Just do what I say,” said Luci’s mom in a tight voice. 
As usual, weird things started to happen whenever Jackson saw Luci’s beautiful mom. His face got really hot even though the day was cold. He just couldn’t stop staring at her. He even forgot all about Beyonce and . . . oh no! The bracelet! 
Reluctantly Luci jumped off the swing and walked toward the school to get her backpack. As she and her mom walked past Beyonce and Rayna, they suddenly stopped. “Where did you get that bracelet?” Luci’s mom’s asked. Her face had turned a funny color. 
“My friend found it,” said Beyonce warily.   
Luci’s mom looked at the bracelet closely. She took it off Beyonce’s wrist and turned it over. “My husband bought this for me at the pow-wow last summer. It was stolen from my house last night. “Where did your friend find it?”
“I don’t know,” shrugged Beyonce. “Why don’t you ask . . . she turned toward the place where Jackson was standing but he had disappeared.

It seemed to Jackson that all he did lately was to run and run and run. Here he was again, running away from trouble. He was so tired of running. It also seemed to him that the more he ran away from trouble, the more he ran into it. He needed a place to hide and think. 
Cold air stung his face as he ran. The wind chased low drifts of snow across the fields and spit them into Jackson’s eyes. His feet and lungs worked rhythmically together, following the creek to where it emptied into the lake.  
Jackson stopped and stared in surprise as Kokum’s ice fishing hut emerged from the swirling snow. Dad or Mosom must have moved the hut from the yard to the lakeshore so Kokum could start using it as soon as the lake froze solid. It was the perfect place! It had a wood stove, a chair, and blankets. He could stay there indefinitely.  
The door creaked in protest as Jackson entered the hut but all was quiet inside . . . and safe. He rummaged through a plastic bin to find what he needed. He crumpled up an old newspaper and placed it on the floor of the little round wood stove. Yes, there was even some kindling left over from last winter. Jackson placed the small sticks like tipi poles all around the newspaper . . . now, to find some wood. 
Jackson took a small hatchet out of the bin, turned his jacket collar up to protect his neck as he leaned his shoulder against the door of the hut. The wind pushed back for a while then suddenly allowed Jackson to stumble out into the snow. He trudged to a small stand of trees and gathered a few dead branches off the ground. When he had chopped them into manageable lengths, Jackson carried the wood into the fishing hut and piled them neatly in the corner. 
“There’s gotta be matches in here somewhere,” he muttered as he rummaged through Kokum’s supplies. “There they are!” Jackson forced his frozen fingers to light a match and held the tiny flame against the newspaper. In a few minutes there was a nice little blaze to warm his feet and hands.   
Troubled thoughts filled the fishing hut and twisted around Jackson’s mind as his body started to relax in the fire’s warmth. Would Beyonce tell Luci’s Mom who she got the bracelet from? Of course she would. Would Luci’s mom tell the police? Did kids his age ever get thrown in jail for stealing?  
Jackson found an old woolen blanket and wrapped himself in it. He stared into the fire and tried to figure out what to do next. No solutions came to mind.
“OK God, he said forlornly. I know it’s wrong to steal. I don’t even know why I took that bracelet.”
An image of Beyonce flashed into his mind. “I know, I know, trying to impress girls got me onto trouble once again.”  
Jackson pushed out a big sigh. His breath made the fire flicker and crackle. “I don’t know who else to talk to about this God. Will I go to jail now? Will Mom and Dad find out about all my sneaking around? I almost wish they would find out. I’m so tired of living with this knot in my stomach.”
As the cheerful little fire reached out with warmth, Jackson sat down in the folding chair his grandmother used for fishing. He glanced around the room at her familiar fishing gear. How many times had he sat here in this hut with Kokum as she waited for the fish to bite? He loved her stories and jokes and bannock. Jackson’s stomach growled loudly. He glanced up to the little window above the door surprised to see that the sun was beginning to fade. It must be almost supper time he thought sadly. And here he was sitting by himself in a tiny fishing shack while everyone else was at home watching TV, joking around, telling stories about their day and, most importantly, getting ready to eat supper. 
It doesn’t take much to lose everything you love, Jackson thought as he stared into the dying fire. Luci’s dad could very well lose his whole family and go to jail for a long time if he murdered that guy. And Luci’s mom would probably lose her husband if she was fooling around with someone else. And I’m sitting here all lonely and hungry because I broke into Luci’s house and stole that bracelet. His stomach growled again.
Jackson got up and put out the fire with a few handfuls of snow. He had decided what to do.  



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Read Exodus 20:15 Why did Jackson steal the bracelet? Did he accomplish what he wanted to? Why or Why not?
Read Proverbs 1:30 – 32 What happens to people who don’t follow God’s advice? What kind of people get caught up in doing bad things? What uncomfortable consequences did Jackson have to live with because he didn’t follow God’s advice? 
Read Proverbs 1:33 What happens when we choose to listen to God’s advice?

Do you think Jackson ready to confess that he stole the bracelet and take the consequences or will he try to get himself out of trouble again?



Chapter 10 – A False Testimony
The screen door banged shut behind him as Jackson entered the back door. He glanced at the clock on the stove. It was 6 o’clock but Jackson couldn’t see or smell one sign of supper cooking. Where was everybody? 
“Jackson? Is that you?” Mom’s voice floated out of the front room. “We need to talk to you in here.”
It felt like a bad dream as Jackson made his way down the hall to the living room. The house was unnaturally quiet and he seemed to notice odd details as he walked. There was a dark stain on the carpet, a missing piece of baseboard, a black mark where the vacuum cleaner bumped into the corner of the living room door. He passed the leg of the couch, Kokum’s beaded moccasins, Mosom’s cowboy boots, Mom’s bare feet and Dad’s grey wool socks. He stopped suddenly at a pair of black steel-toed work boots. They were joined at the ankle by a pair of black pants with a yellow stripe on each leg. With a thumping heart, Jackson’s eyes followed the yellow stripe all the way up to a holster, gun, bulletproof vest and finally; he looked straight into the eyes of Officer Terry.  
“Where have you been all afternoon?” asked Mom very quietly. 
Jackson stared at the carpet again. “In Kokum’s ice fishing hut.”
“What do you know about a beaded bracelet that was stolen last night from LeRat’s house?” asked Officer Terry. 
Jackson knew what he had decided to do back in the fishing shack. He had been prepared to go home and confess to everyone that he broke into Luci’s house. He was going to ask Dad and Mosom if they would go with him to explain it all to Officer Terry. He was going to offer to wash dishes or clean toilets or  . . . even play Barbies with Jessie as a punishment for what he had done. He had made this plan before he even walked home and that’s why he just couldn’t believe what came out of his mouth next.
“I . . . umm . . . ah . . . Austin had that bracelet in his pocket at school this morning. He showed it to me in class. I took it outside at recess and showed it to Beyonce and Rayna. When Luci’s mom recognized it I knew she would think it was me who stole it so I ran away and hid in the fishing hut.” Jackson kept staring at the carpet. 
The room was very quiet. Kokum cleared her throat and Mom shifted on the sofa. Jackson could feel everyone staring at him.  
 “Austin says you took the bracelet when the two of you broke into Luci’s house last night,” said Dad.
“He’s lying!” said Jackson angrily. “He’s just trying to get out of trouble. Austin’s mad because he likes Beyonce Delorme and she has a crush on me. That’s why he’s making stuff up.” Jackson crossed his arms across his chest and stared hard at everyone in the room. 
“I think the two of you will have to come down to the station tomorrow afternoon to get this thing sorted out,” said Officer Terry.
Jackson dropped his arms to his sides and looked from face to face. “Don’t you believe me?” he asked. “You don’t think I would actually break into someone’s house and steal a bracelet do you? Why would I want to steal a bracelet anyway?” With that said he stomped off to his bedroom and slammed the door. 
Even though it was suppertime, Jackson didn’t feel hungry anymore. His face was hot and his hands were all sweaty. He leaned his back against the cool wall of his room and slowly slid down into a squat. He put his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. Wow! Now he was in trouble with the police! He listened to the muffled voices in the living room as the grown-ups discussed the situation. 
“OK, I’ll bring him down to the station right after school tomorrow,” Dad said quite loudly. 
 Jackson heard the front door shut and car tires crunch on the snowy driveway. Then all was quiet again.

“Jackson? Come here my boy. I need you to do something for me.” Kokum called from the living room. 
Jackson looked up from his iPad in alarm. He really didn’t want to leave the safety of his room but refusing to do something for his grandmother was pretty much unthinkable. 
“Nosisim? I need your help in here,” Kokum called again.
Reluctantly, Jackson made his way down the hall toward the living room. Kokum was sitting on the couch in the same spot she had occupied earlier that evening when Officer Terry had come to visit. She looked little and sad as she watched ‘Tribal Trails’, her favorite show that featured Aboriginal Christians who had gone through hard times but found Jesus. Kokum loved the stories and the old time music. Jackson and Austin thought the show was just for old people. They called it ‘Terrible Trials’ when Kokum wasn’t listening.  
“You should watch this guy that’s on TV now,” coaxed Kokum. “He went to prison for lyin’ and stealin’ but Jesus got hold of him there and changed his life.” She looked sideways at Jackson. “So maybe there’s hope for you yet.”
 “What did you want me to do for you Kokum?” asked Jackson. 
Without taking her eyes off the TV, Kokum answered. “Go to my room and get my sweater Nosisim. It’s a chilly night and I don’t want to miss my show. The sweater is on my bed.”   
Glad to get away from Kokum and her TV show, Jackson walked swiftly down the hall, opened the door and looked around. Kokum’s room was cool and tidy. Photos of his Mosom Jack, his mom and all her brothers and sisters were lined up on the dresser. Above the bed was a picture of a tipi that said ‘As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.’
Jackson’s heart sank. He knew he had really hurt Kokum with all his lying and stealing and breaking into houses and running in the Twilight Race and . . . he sure hadn’t been serving the Lord with Kokum, that’s for sure!
Next, Jackson looked at Kokum’s bed. It was neatly made with a beautiful quilted star-blanket. Their church had given it to Kokum at Mosom Jack’s funeral. He knew Mosom Jack would have been disappointed with him too. Jackson’s throat felt tight and he choked back tears.
“OK God. It’s me Jackson. I’ve really let everyone down. I’ve let you down too. I just seem to get into trouble every time I turn around. I lied about my best friend this time. The lie just came right out of my mouth before I could stop it. I don’t know what to do. Can you help me?”   
In frustration, Jackson yanked the sweater off Kokum’s bed. He hadn’t noticed that her Bible was lying on top of it. The big black book summer salted to the edge of the bed and fell onto the carpet with a thud.

“See what I mean God?” Jackson exclaimed, his eye’s looking up to the ceiling. “Every time I turn around I do something bad. I didn’t want to dump Kokum’s Bible on the floor. I don’t want to do bad things all the time.”
“Read it,” said a quiet voice.   
“What?”
“Read it,” Jackson heard the small still voice repeat.
He looked around but couldn’t see anyone else in the room. 
“Read it,” the voice said for the third time. 
Jackson knelt down and looked at Kokum’s Bible. The gold on the edge of the pages was almost rubbed off. The black leather cover was cracked and worn. He knew Kokum spent hours reading her Bible. He loved it when she read him stories about warriors and heroes. 
The Bible had fallen open to a place that Kokum had marked with a pink pen. Jackson read the words she had underlined. “Do not be afraid. God has come to test you, so that the fear of God will be with you to keep you from sinning.”
“What does that mean?” wondered Jackson. He read some more verses to see if he could find a clue.
“You shall have no other gods before me . . . 
You shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything . . .
You shall not misuse the name of the LORD your God . . . 
Six days you shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is a day of rest. On it you shall not do any work . . .
Honor your father and your mother . . .
You shall not murder.
 You shall not commit adultery.
You shall not steal.
You shall not give false testimony against your neighbor.”
Jackson felt paralyzed. He couldn’t believe it. He had just recently done most of the things on that list. His mind raced back over the last few months. Impressing girls and playing games on his precious iPad had sure been more important to him than worshiping God. He had also misused God’s name and disobeyed his parents. He hadn’t committed adultery or murder. But, he was mad at Austin for trying to take Beyonce from him. He could understand how a person could go that far. 
Austin! Jackson’s heart lurched. He had just betrayed his best friend with a lie. That was a false testimony!
Hot tears leaked out of Jackson’s eyes and plopped onto Kokum’s open Bible. He quickly, wiped them off the part that read . . . “for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, punishing the children . . .
Jackson felt hopeless. He had failed God’s test. He deserved to be punished. He deserved to go to jail for stealing that bracelet and blaming it on Austin.  
“Nosisim? Where’s my sweater? What’s takin’ you so long?” 
Jackson wiped away more tears with the back of his hand. He had almost forgotten about Kokum’s sweater. He stood up and was about to put the Bible back on Kokum’s bed when the still small voice filled his head once more.
“Read it again,” said the voice.
Jackson looked down at the open Bible.
“Read it again,” the voice insisted.
Jackson read through the long list of sins he had committed and finally got down to the part Kokum had underlined in pink. “Do not be afraid,” It said. “God has come to test you, so that the fear of God will be with you to keep you from sinning.”
Do not be afraid. Jackson frowned as he thought about that. He was always afraid lately. He hated the knot in his stomach that wouldn’t go away. He hated having to wonder when he would get caught and what would happen to him when he did. He would love to stop sinning but didn’t know how. What kind of test could God send that would keep him from sinning?   



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Read Exodus 20:16 Why do you think Jackson blamed the theft of the bracelet on Austin?
Read Romans 7:14-23 A preacher named Paul said this. Does it seem true for you too? Can you remember a time when, like Jackson, you wanted to do the right thing but you did the wrong thing instead? How was Jackson feeling about doing bad things all the time?
What did Jackson do right? Read about it in 1 John 1:9.
What did Paul the preacher thank God for? Read about it in Romans 7:24, 25. 
Read 1 Samuel 3:1-10 This is a true story of a boy named Samuel. How did God speak to him? How was it similar to the way God spoke to Jackson? Have you ever head God speak to you that way? 
Read John 10:14-16 (Jesus is talking. He is using his name ‘The Good Shepherd”)
Do you remember when Jackson whistled and his horse Cheyenne came running to him? Would Cheyenne run up to everyone who whistled for him? How did Jackson train Cheyenne to obey him? How do we learn to recognize God’s voice when he speaks to us?
Read 2 Timothy 3:14-17 (The preacher Paul said this to a young man named Timothy who was trying to do the right thing. Scripture is another word for The Bible.) What are two more ways that God speaks to us? 
Look at 2 Timothy 3:14-16 What is God doing to help Jackson? 

What do you think Jackson will say to Austin when they go to the police office to get the bracelet situation sorted out?  Will Jackson pass the next test that God gives him?



Chapter 11 – The Quest
“Are you ever afraid of God?” Jackson asked as he handed Kokum her sweater. She was still sitting on the couch watching Tribal Trails. An old couple was singing a song accompanied by a guitar and Kokum had a hard time pulling her eyes away from the TV to focus on her grandson.  
“Afraid of God?” she asked with a puzzled frown. I’m afraid of disobeyin’ him. He seems to have a habit of lettin’ us break all his rules and then just standin’ by to watch while we get into trouble. It used to happen to me a lot. I got real tired of bein’ in trouble all the time.” 
Jackson slumped down onto the couch beside Kokum. He watched the old couple sing for a few seconds and then said, “I’m real tired of being in trouble too, but I don’t know what to do about it.” He folded his arms across his chest and hung his head in despair. Kokum didn’t say anything. She just kept watching TV. 
“I read your Bible when I went to your room to get your sweater,” continued Jackson. “It said that God would send me a test. It said that the fear of God would be with me to keep me from sinning.” 
Jackson sat up and leaned closer to Kokum. “I’ve tried to do the right thing. Honest Kokum, I was going to tell the truth about the bracelet but suddenly I started lying and blamed Austin for stealing it. I guess I failed God’s test.”
Kokum sighed and pulled her attention away from her favorite show. She gave Jackson a long piercing look. “Maybe you need to go on a quest,” she said mysteriously.
Jackson couldn’t figure out what his grandmother was trying to say. There were all kinds of quest games online. They usually involved a journey where you searched for something really valuable. But Kokum didn’t know anything about computer games so what was she talking about?
“In the old days,” Kokum continued, “boys your age would go on a journey into wild places. They wouldn’t take any food or water with them. They would walk a long way to a solitary place and pray for a spirit to guide them.”
“Kokum! What are you saying?” asked Jackson in astonishment. “You don’t expect me to ask some spirit to help me. I don’t want those nightmares to come back again.”   
“You belong to Jesus,” Kokum said quietly. “You can ask for the Great Spirit, The Holy Spirit, to guide you. He is the only spirit who can keep you from doin’ bad things every time you turn around.” 
“Where should I go . . . on my quest?” asked Jackson. 
“When Jesus went on a quest, he walked to a deserted place and fought with the devil there. God’s Word was his only weapon. The Bible is called ‘The Sword of the Spirit’. Maybe you should take my sword with you.”
Jackson watched Kokum struggle to get off the couch. Then she shuffled down the hall in her worn moccasins. She disappeared into her room and reappeared again with her big black Bible. “Tomorrow is Saturday. It would be a good day for a quest. Leave in the morning at sunrise. I will let your parents know what you’re doin’.”
Jackson’s heart fluttered in his chest as he took the Bible from Kokum’s wrinkled hands. He looked down at the cracked leather cover and back up into Kokum’s sharp black eyes. “But I’m supposed to go to the police station with Dad to get the bracelet situation sorted out, he said. “Won’t I get in trouble?”
“I’ll talk to your Dad,” said Kokum quietly.

Dawn smeared a blood-red line on the horizon while Jackson got ready for his quest. He stuffed a book of matches and an extra pair of wool socks into his jacket pockets. Mosom always said dry socks were the key to surviving the cold. He pulled his gloves onto his hands and picked up Kokum’s big black ‘sword’. He felt like a warrior preparing for battle. 

Jackson looked out at the red sky. The wind was already starting to kick snow into angry wisps that slunk along the ground. His stomach constricted and his heart raced. It was cold out there. Where would he go? He would have to find some trees for shelter. Too bad he hadn’t made that dug-out by the river like Kokum had suggested.
“Nosisim,” Kokum’s whisper shattered his thoughts and made Jackson gasp. 
“Don’t go near Luci’s house,” whispered Kokum. “There is still a dangerous man out there. Go the opposite direction . . . and wear this.” She handed him a black balaclava that his Dad wore for hunting. Then she disappeared down the dark hallway.”  
“OK God,” prayed Jackson as he pulled on the balaclava. “You know I want to settle this with you once and for all. You know I want you to fill me with the fear of God that will keep me from sinning. Help me know where to go. Help me pass this test.”  
As Jackson crunched through the drifts in the opposite direction of Luci’s house his thoughts were swirling around him like the snow. This must have been what it felt like in the old days when boys went on their quests. Did his ancestors feel the same kind of fear he did as they trudged over the prairie alone? Did they also feel at the mercy of the land, the weather, predators and enemies that ruled here? Were they afraid of what would happen to them on their quest or were they even more afraid that nothing at all would happen? Would he have to fight the devil today like Jesus did on his quest? Perhaps he too would come back as a warrior . . . a warrior for God. 
Jackson stopped and looked up for the first time since he had started walking. His frozen lashes stuck together for a moment as he blinked in surprise. His feet had led him to the door of Kokum’s ice fishing hut. God must have brought me here, he thought as he opened the door and looked around. 
The firewood he had gathered was still in a stack on the floor of the hut. The chair was in the same position. But something wasn’t quite right. What had changed? Had Kokum been there recently? The blankets had been tossed against the wall and the food box was ransacked.  Candy wrappers and chip bags were scattered all over the floor.  
Wait a minute! Kokum didn’t eat candy and chips. Who had been here? Why had someone been here? The lake wasn’t frozen enough to do any ice fishing and this wasn’t camping weather. Maybe someone else was on a quest, reasoned Jackson as he forced his frozen fingers to start the fire.  

When the hut warmed up, Jackson opened Kokum’s Bible. The weight of it was heavy in his hands and he felt overwhelmed. “Where should I read?” he asked God silently. 
“I have such a hard time understanding anything in this book,” he thought hopelessly. 
Jackson tried to remember where he had been reading the night before. He knew it was near the front of the Bible. Maybe he should read something at the back of the Bible this time. The thin pages crinkled as he moved them. He read about Jesus doing miracles. He read about Jesus dying on the cross as punishment for his sin. He read about the disciples getting arrested for telling people about Jesus.  
The fire started to die and Jackson got up to put more wood on it. “Where could I find something about the fear of God keeping me from sinning?” he asked God as he remembered the verse he had read the night before. 
When Jackson sat down again he notice a piece of paper sticking up between two pages. “Kokum must have put it there,” thought Jackson. Maybe that’s where she was reading the Bible last. I wonder what she was reading about.”
“What causes fights and quarrels among you?” The words underlined in pink seemed to glow on the page. Jackson’s heart beat faster. He was sad about disappointing his parents and fighting with Austin. He’d like to know the answer to this question!
 “Don’t they come from your desires that battle within you?” That was for sure true! Jackson wanted to please his parents and he wanted to impress the kids at school. There was a big battle inside him about that all the time. 
“You desire but do not have, so you kill. You covet but you cannot get what you want, so you quarrel and fight.” Jackson’s eyes widened when he read the word ‘covet’. That was the last rule on the list he had read the night before. He didn’t know what “You shall not Covet” meant.
In this verse, it seemed to mean wanting something really bad. Like Beyonce . . . like winning the Twilight Race . . . like the bracelet he stole . . . like getting out of trouble with the police. 
It was coveting that got him into trouble every time. He wanted other things more than he wanted to obey God. What could he do? 
“You do not have because you do not ask God.” This part of the verse was underlined in green instead of pink. Why did Kokum do it that way? Jackson looked closer at the word ‘ask’. Beside it, Kokum had written down ‘Luke 11:9-13/page 1117. “What kind of trick was Kokum up to now? Was this a treasure hunt?” Jackson flipped back to page 1117.
“So I say to you: ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find;” Jackson read the underlined words of Jesus with awe. “If you then . . .  know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!” 
A strange stirring flowed through Jackson’s body. He knew Jesus. He had seen his power over evil spirits. He had grown up going to church. But now he knew, he just knew somehow, that he needed to ask Jesus to give him the Holy Spirit to keep him from sinning. He knew he couldn’t beat this coveting thing by himself no matter how hard he tried. 
“OK God, It’s me, Jackson. I need the Holy Spirit. I need him right now to keep me from coveting and breaking all your rules. I can’t do this without you so I sure hope this prayer gets answered.” 
Jackson lowered his head toward page 1117 again. Kokum had written something else in the margin. Romans 5 / page 1209.   
Jackson turned there and read the underlined words. As he read about Jesus dying for all the wrong things we have done so we could have peace with God, he felt waves of love flow out of him and into him. The little ice fishing shack seemed to glow with warmth that had nothing to do with the tiny fire. 
“. . . but we also glory in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance;  perseverance, character; and character, hope. And hope does not put us to shame, because God’s love has been poured out into our hearts through the Holy Spirit, who has been given to us.” 
For the first time, Jackson understood that all the misadventures of the past few months had been allowed by God to bring him here to this place where he knew he needed to ask for the help of the Holy Spirit. That was the test he had read about last night. Would he ask the Holy Spirit help him to keep from doing bad things or would he try to fumble through life on his own?
Jackson glowed with satisfaction. He had just asked the Holy Spirit to help him. He had passed the most important test of his entire life!  
Suddenly, the thin plywood wall of the fishing hut rattled violently. “Is that the wind?” Jackson looked up from his prayers. “Is it my imagination or is there something out there? Jackson strained to hear the sounds outside. Was that a wolf sniffing and panting round the base of the shack?”
Jackson saw a dark shadow pass by the cracks of the door opening. He heard the creature circle the hut again in the crunchy snow.  A low growl froze Jackson to the chair. Then all was quiet.  
Jackson didn’t know how long he sat there looking at the flimsy door. Kokum’s story about the wolves and the deer flooded into his mind. He hoped the wolf was pursuing a dear and not him; then a new sound came to his attention. What was that? Footsteps? Was the deer coming this way? No, those were human footsteps. Who could it be?
At that very moment, the door burst open and threw a swirl of ice and snow into Jackson’s face. The huge figure of a man was outlined against the winter glare outside. The little fire wavered in the cold blast of air, reflected weakly off a gun barrel in the man’s hand and threw a light onto the man’s face. It was Luci’s Dad!   
“Stay where you are,” he growled. The gun was pointed right at Jackson by this time. A wild howl could be heard in the distance as Luci’s dad shut the door with his foot. The howling and barking grew louder. Jackson heard several other pairs of boots crunching through the snow.  
“This is the police! Come out of there with your hands up, “commanded Officer Terry’s voice, from just outside the hut.    
Luci’s dad glanced at Jackson and leaned on the door. He cocked his gun and yelled. “I’ve got a boy in here. If you shoot at me I’ll put a bullet in his head first.”
There was a long silence. The tension in the air terrified Jackson. “God . . . do you see the situation I’m in? Help me!”
“Who’s in there with you?” asked Officer Terry? 
Somehow Jackson found the courage to call out, “It’s me, Jackson Little-Light.” 
Suddenly Jackson heard a roar that had nothing to do with dogs or wolves. It was followed by a loud crack as the door of the hut broke into splinters and his Mosom fell through the opening. There was fire in his eyes. Mosom’s wild entrance knocked Luci’s dad onto the floor. The gun clattered against the wall. Mosom punched the murder suspect in the face and pinned him to the ground.  
Officer Terry walked quickly to the far end of the shack and picked up the gun. When he had put the safety on, he looked over at Mosom. “You crazy old Indian, he scowled. “You could have got yourself killed!”
I told you I would protect my grandson with my life,” panted Mosom.
Officer Terry handcuffed Luci’s Dad and led him into the frozen world outside. The police dog’s tail wagged vigorously as he escorted them to the waiting car.
Mosom brushed himself off and started straightening up the mess he had made of Kokum’s ice fishing hut. He picked her Bible off the floor and closed it gently. A small frown creased his weathered forehead. He looked at the Bible and then at Jackson. “What were you doing here?” he asked.
“Becoming a warrior,” answered Jackson.



LET’S THINK ABOUT IT
Read Exodus 20:17 What is coveting? 
What did Jackson want when he was tempted to buy Indian Medicine from Rayna?
What did Jackson want when his iPad game became the most important thing in his life?
What did Jackson want when he misused the name of God?
What did Jackson want when he skipped church to practice running?
What did Jackson want when he disobeyed his parents and ran in the Twilight Race?
What did Luci’s dad want when he committed murder?
What did the dead guy want that caused him to commit adultery?
What did Jackson want when he stole the bracelet?
What did Jackson want when he tried to blame the theft on Austin?
Can you think of a time when wanting something led you into trouble?
Read Proverbs19:23 What does the fear of The Lord lead to?
Read Isaiah 11:2, 3 Where does the fear (or respect) of The Lord come from?
Read Matthew 4:1-11 Where did Jesus go on his ‘quest’? What did he take with him? When Satan tempted Jesus to covet things, how did Jesus fight him? What was his weapon?
What did Jackson take with him on his quest? How did it help him?
Read 1 Timothy 6:12-14 What kind of warrior did Jackson decide to become?

Will Jackson be able to keep following God in the future? Will he continue to be a mighty warrior for God? Read what happens to Jackson when moves to the city and gets involved with gangs in his next big adventure: Jackson Little-Light Joins A Gang. 




About The Author


Ellen Hooge’s inspiration for Jackson Little-Light’s story comes from her Grandmother. She was a woman who loved Jesus, her 28 grandkids, her First Nation friends and telling stories about her prairie childhood. 
Ellen and her husband Jack have worked and lived alongside the First Nations community for over 30 years. They and their four daughters have had many great adventures with their Aboriginal friends that just beg to be told. So it’s time to pass on some stories to the next generation of kids. Many of Jackson’s experiences are based on true events!
Find more resources for First Nations Kids at:
http://www.pathfindersbibleadventures.com



About The Illustrator


Ray Keighley is a well known Cree/Metis artist who was born and raised in the foothills of Alberta and who has family roots on the Sucker River Reserve north of Lac La Ronge, Saskatchewan. 
Art has been an integral part of Keighley’s life since early childhood and in 1988 he graduated with a BFA from the University of Saskatchewan. He now lives and works in Warman, Saskatchewan Canada.
He has worked with kids’ art programs through the Mendel Art Gallery in Saskatoon, Art Smart Saskatchewan, the city of Saskatoon and individual schools. He is excited to be able to illustrate Jackson Little-Light’s adventures as a way to share his faith in Jesus. 

His work can be found on his website: 
http://www.rkeighley.com

