A Kiss is Just a Kiss
by Crystal Perkins
Copyright © 2016 by Crystal Perkins
Main photo by Joseph P. Souza
www.josephpsouza.com
Model: Thomas Stover
Cover Design by Helen Williams
www.allbookedout.com
Ebook Formatting by Jesse Gordon
adarnedgoodbook.com
All trademarks are owned by their respective companies and are denoted by the use of proper capitalization of the company and/or brand. All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This contemporary erotic romance is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. This ebook is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with, especially if you enjoy sexy, emotional, romance novels with alpha males. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
About A Kiss is Just a Kiss
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
Praise for Books by Crystal Perkins
Stop…No More Hoover Time
Sealing the Deal
Fool Me Once and Kiss Me Twice
Kian the Ignition
Friendship is the Flavor of…?
Kiss the Boys…and Run
Topanga Me This
Kiss, Tell, and Try Not to Cry
Ryn the Day
It’s Always Better to Give
Kaprice of My Heart
In It to Win…Something
Kissing Cousins… or Were They Sisters?
Adeline and Some Wine
A Lick, a Suck, but Not a…Kiss
Penelope for Your Thoughts
Not a Chance
London is Calling …and Calling
Around the World before Hitting the Ground
Scarlett Has Bloomed
A House is Not Always a Home
Estyn is Best in Show
It’s Dark at the End of the Tunnel
Bumbling Through to the End
The Past Isn’t Just the Past Anymore
When the Fall Isn’t Scary at All
One Kiss Just Isn’t Enough
Everything Changes, but Stays the Same
Every After, Happily
Acknowledgements
About the Author
ABOUT
A KISS IS JUST A KISS
A kiss isn't just a kiss when it's done right...
Kye Davies has always believed that kisses are just a means to getting in a girl's pants (or better yet, her skirt). When his grandfather gives him a chance to get out of working in the family business, he agrees to the deal, even though it means embarking on a "kiss quest."
His mission is simple...
He has to kiss ten girls from his past, and any number of new girls, to see if he can feel anything for once. Whether he finds the "One" or doesn't, as long as he genuinely tries, he can go back to building the tiny houses he loves.
Nothing is ever as simple as it seems...
Weeks of kissing girls--and boys--leads to him being attacked, shot at, and challenged to a light saber battle by a three-year-old. It also makes him realize that the "One" may have been there will him all along, and he just didn't know it.
10 kisses. 10 blasts from the past. 1 second-chance at love.
OTHER BOOKS BY CRYSTAL PERKINS
The Griffin Brothers series
Gaming For Love (The Griffin Brothers #1)
Building Our Love (The Griffin Brothers #2)
Creating A Love (The Griffin Brothers #3)
Learning To Love (The Griffin Brothers #4)
Designing The Love (The Griffin Brothers #5)
Working On Love (The Griffin Brothers #6)
Keeping Their Love (The Griffin Brothers #7)
Corrigan & Co. series
Fielding Her SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #1)
Devouring the SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #2)
Rocking a SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #3)
Lessons in SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #4)
Uncovering His SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #5)
Training the SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #6)
Inheriting a SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #7)
Tending Their SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #8)
Playing in SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #9)
Loving My SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #10)
Society Weddings (a Corrigan & Co. novella)
Society Girls
Society Girls: Sierra (Society Girls, #1)
Society Girls: Neveah (Society Girls, #2)
Society Girls: Matisse (Society Girls, #3)
Other books
Never Fear-Phobias Horror Anthology
(Chronophobia short story)
Never Fear-Christmas Terrors Anthology
(Silent Fright short story)
PRAISE FOR BOOKS BY CRYSTAL PERKINS
“People should be free to love whoever their heart leads them, too. And this author did a great job of presenting a passionate love between 2 people who are seen as different from each other as dictated by society, but this difference wasn't a part of the love they share. Ms. Perkins did an admirable job of dealing with the issue (and other issues) as a non issue, if that makes sense.” —DianeM, Amazon Reviewer, Creating A Love
“I love this series!!!!!! Crystal has the amazing ability to bring her characters to life. I laugh with them, I hurt with them, I smile with them, and I cry with them.” —Jessica, Amazon reviewer, The Griffin Brothers series
“I love how Crystal makes the characters feel like real people.” —Tami, Amazon Reviewer, Learning To Love
“This is a lovely romance story that has a sexy sizzle to it but it's funny as well as it is somewhat edgy. I like that the hero has money but it's not the focal point in this story. I love that the heroine has problems but they are not so insurmountable that they take over the story. This is good old-fashioned romance done with a modern day twist. Well Done.” —Kindle Customer, Amazon Reviewer, Gaming For Love
“I found this book on Amazon yesterday and loved the cover. I read the synopsis and knew I had to get it. So I purchased it and started to read it right away. Oh my, I could not put the book down. I got so wrapped up in the story I was afraid to put my Kindle down or I would miss a part.” —Amazon Customer, Gaming For Love
“I thought this was a fantastic start to a series, and kind of first book of a series that makes you want to rush out and buy each additional book in the series. The premise of a strong group of women working together to help other women in need was pretty awesome. I loved how C0rrigan & Co was a secret covert company along the same lines as the underground railroad but it saved women from sticky situations or abusive relationships.” —Aubrey, Romancing the Book blog, Fielding Her SECRET
“I had so many different emotions while reading. I was rooting people, wanting kick people, wanting to rip some peoples clothes off, laughing while reading, gasping out loud. Seriously, I read this like a crazy person. So much happened that I was not mentally prepared for. There were so many shockers while reading this I could not even think about putting the book down.” —Sabrina, Amazon Reviewer, Devouring the SECRET
“Love this book the suspense and sex is EPIC.” —Teresa Jensen, Amazon Reviewer, Rocking a SECRET
“Perkins breathes life into their characters and has the reader feeling their agony, pain, and even their love for one-another. I enjoy reading her books and learning more and more about each of the people that make up this secretive group.” —Dayreader Reviews, Corrigan & Co. series
“In the end I am somehow proud of you Crystal Perkins. How you portrayed Ellie and her and Aiden love. I know I have no right to be, and it's really not my place to say but I am proud I read it and I recommend it to all women so they can see how strong We can be.” —Marta Bukoswka, Goodreads Reviewer, Tending Their SECRET
“The story flowed well and kept my attention throughout. There was one part I was totally not expecting to happen. I love when that happens.” —Lisa Dess, Girls With Books blog, Training Her SECRET
“Wow this story! There are some stories and characters that leave you speechless, breathless and at times slightly broken, and Loving my SECRET Matt & Reina's story is definitely one of them!” —Vicki Plant, Goodreads Reviewer, Loving My SECRET
“I laughed I cried and there many times that I wanted to throw my device.” —Mallory, Goodreads Reviewer, Loving My SECRET
“Perkins gives the reader a quick peak into the Weddings of the amazing ladies in the society. What a fun roller coaster ride it was.” —Taz Lozada, Goodreads Reviewer, Society Weddings
“Totally loved this book as I did with all of crystals book previous to this with their well written gripping story lines brilliant characters a must read really can't wait for the next in series.” —Sassylady33, Amazon Reviewer, Society Girls: Sierra
For Samantha Myers,
who gave me the name Kye!
STOP…NO MORE HOOVER TIME
I have no idea how I got roped into attending this damn cocktail party. Well, that’s not exactly true. My cock is what got me here. More specifically, my date’s mouth wrapped around said cock. If only I’d liked it as much when our mouths were joined, but I didn’t. She tried to hoover my mouth like she did my dick, and I actually lost feeling in my lips for a few minutes. I wanted to run, and hide—like maybe even on a different continent—but she did get on her knees for me. I may be an asshole at times, but I’m always a gentleman asshole, and yes, that is a thing. So here I am.
“Where’s your date?” my best friend, Easton, asks me.
“With any luck, she left.”
“She didn’t leave,” my other best friend, Beatrice, tells me. “I just saw her with the mayor.”
“He’s single now, right?”
“Yep,” East says with a smile. “That bad, huh?”
“When she was on her knees, it was great.”
“Of course it was,” Bea says, rolling her eyes. “You are such a boy.”
“I am. Totally. So don’t try and use that as an insult.”
“I’ve seen your dick, Kye. It’s not that impressive.”
“Stop! He’ll hear. Wound me all you want with your bitter spinster words, but leave him alone.”
“Bitter spinster? I’m 24.”
“Going on 100,” East reminds her. “You won’t even have a random hook-up.”
“Why would I want that?” she asks.
“Why wouldn’t you?” I counter. “You’re young, rich, and not too bad looking when you put some effort into it. You could score some fun pretty easily.”
“Oh look, there’s the waiter with the champagne. I need some of that after this conversation with you two morons. Actually, I probably need the whole bottle. Then I can pass out and pretend I dreamed this all up.”
“If you get drunk, I’ll hold your hair again,” I tell her.
“I won’t,” East says. “Not after last time. I love you, Bea, but no.”
“Maybe I’ll do what you both want, and find myself another guy to hold my hair.”
“Make sure you get some action before you start blowing chunks. That’s a definite mood killer.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she says, drily, before walking away.
“We should really help her out more. She needs to have some fun,” East tells me.
“She’s fine,” I say, waving my hand. “Back to me. That chick tried to suck my mouth into her vacuum sealed lips.”
“They are kind of big. She has to be getting injections,” he says thoughtfully. “I bet she really did give good head.”
“Focus, man. She’ll be back any minute. I need an out.”
“She’s not coming back.”
“How do you know that?”
“She just left with the mayor.”
“Oh shit. I hope she doesn’t kill him. He’s a good guy.”
“At least you dodged the bullet.”
“Vacuum. I dodged the human vacuum. Pay attention, man.”
“You are so ridiculous sometimes.”
“Ridiculously charming.”
“Yeah. Something like that.”
“Oh look, I don’t think I’ve met that chick yet,” I say nodding towards a new arrival.
“Your date has barely left the room, and you’re already looking for the next one? Why am I not surprised?”
“I’m not looking for a date—I just want to get laid. Don’t act like you’re not looking, either.”
“In this room? I’ll be lucky to find someone drunk enough to kiss me.”
“There’s gotta be some guys willing to come out of the closet for more than a kiss.”
“Not likely, but a few kisses from some of the men here wouldn’t be bad.”
“Dude, come on. A kiss is a fail unless it’s going to get you more.”
“So you keep telling me. I disagree, and you’re not going to change my mind. I love a good kiss.”
“To each his own. You kiss the boys, and I’ll fuck the girls. That leaves us all happy.”
“Hey, I fuck, too.”
“Yeah, but you kiss more—and let’s face it, the opposite is so very much better.”
“Whore.”
“Damn straight. Now if you’ll excuse me, I just made eye contact, and she licked her lips. Time to play.”
“Don’t forget the condom.”
“Don’t forget the lip balm.”
“Bastard.”
I flip him off behind my back as I smile for the pretty girl. As I get closer, I see the predatory gleam in her eyes, telling me she knows who I am. Oh well, it’s not the first time I’ve slept with a woman who only wanted me for bragging rights. I get a notch, and she gets to brag—it’s a win-win situation for both of us.
SEALING THE DEAL
“How was your date last night?” my Gramps asks when I visit him the next day.
“She sucked. Both literally, and figuratively.”
“How did she kiss?”
“Why do you always ask that after I have a date? A kiss is just a kiss.”
“No. A kiss isn’t just a kiss when it’s done right.”
“You’ve been telling me that since I was young enough to pop a woody, but I still think you’re wrong. Kisses are just something to pass the time until you get a girl’s pants off.”
“In my day, most girls wore skirts. Made things easier.”
“There you go. I wholly approve of skirts.”
“Look around you, Son. Your Gram filled this house with pictures, figurines, and anything she could find that depicted or represented kisses. It was the first kiss we shared that told us both that we were the ‘One’ for each other, and we cherished each other’s kisses until the end. Little pecks, long sexy drags of our lips…”
“Um, yeah, I get it. Thanks for the unwelcome visual, by the way. I know you and Gram thought kissing was important, but I just don’t get it.”
“I know you don’t, and so did she. When she was getting ready to leave this Earth, she asked me to help you, and I promised her I would.”
I swallow hard, because I loved my Gram probably more than anyone else, and it still hurts to think about never seeing her again. “You’re supposed to help me with kissing?”
“Not kissing, Kye. A single kiss. The one kiss that will change everything for you.”
“Are you going to provide the fireworks to make it extra special?” I ask with a laugh.
“Your smart mouth already gets you in enough trouble, so shut it for a few minutes while I talk to you about something serious.”
“I loved Gram, and I love you, but kisses are not serious. They’re not—anything.”
“Your grandmother’s research proves that’s not true. She knew the importance of the right kiss, and she also knew you needed help finding it.”
He’s talking about her kissing research. My Gram was so obsessed with kisses that she went around the world, interviewing everyone who would talk to her about their best kiss and what kissing meant to them. She tried to ask me the questions, but I had no answers for her. That’s honestly my only regret in life; I couldn’t give her answers, but I wasn’t going to lie. She wouldn’t have been happy with that.
“I think you’re going to have to spell things out for me, Gramps. You know I’m not the brightest crayon in the box.”
“Nonsense! You only scraped by in your business classes because you weren’t interested in them.”
Um, he’s not supposed to know that. No one’s supposed to know that. I mean, East and Bea know, but no one else does. I hate ledgers and numbers and all that shit. It’s my destiny, so I took the classes and made myself pass them, but I’d rather be stabbed in the eye than run the family business. Unfortunately for me, and all the people who’ll be forced to work with me, I have to run the company. Legacy and all that crap make it necessary since Gramps insists on passing over my Dad.
I’d be bitter, and maybe I sound bitter, but I’d do anything for Gramps. Including finishing my Master’s Degree, and pretending I don’t hate the idea of being stuck behind a desk for the rest of my life.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Yes, you do. You want to run the family business about as much as I want to get a butterfly tattoo.”
“You’ve been wanting a butterfly? Wow, I had no idea. I know a guy, and a girl. But maybe we should stick with the guy since I think the girl’s still pissed at me for leaving after we had sex.”
“You know damn well that I don’t want a butterfly tattoo, and I know you don’t want to run the company.”
“I don’t have a choice. You refuse to let Dad be in charge, and like he’s always saying, ‘it’s a family business, so family needs to run it’.”
“Your father is not in control of the company for a very good reason, and you know what that reason it.”
Oh yeah, I do. My father is a pompous ass and likes to forget that he wasn’t always rich. My grandparents never forgot where they came from—they still held on to their old house to remind them of where they came from. They may have moved onto acres of property, but every year on their anniversary they stayed there in that old house. Just another reason to love them, and why I have to do what’s needed of me.
“You need to retire and enjoy yourself.”
“I enjoyed myself for many years. I love the business, and I loved traveling with your grandmother even more. When I retire, I’ll be bored.”
“The doctor said you have to slow down.”
“I know, and I will. Just maybe not with you at the helm.”
“If not me, who?”
“Your friend Easton seems like he would want to run the company.”
“East would love to run it, but he’s not technically family and, well, you know he’s gay.”
“I only care about the first part of that sentence. The rest is irrelevant.”
“To you, but not to my dad, or other people we do business with.”
“There’s a reason I never took our business public, Kye, and that’s because I don’t give a rat’s ass what anyone else thinks. Your father spends his days on the golf course, so why should his opinion matter? As for the people we sell to? Well, we’ve got others begging to take their place, and you know it. The demand for our products far outweighs what I’m willing to supply.”
He’s right about that. The chocolate my Gramps developed after marrying my Gram is the most sought after in the world. Many say it’s better than most of the European offerings, even. The most luxurious hotels, restaurants, and stores have it, but there are hundreds, if not thousands, more hoping to be included on the list of 1,000. 1,000 businesses, each committing to buying at least $100,000 of our chocolates per year.
My father has tried to pressure Gramps to expand, but he won’t. My grandparents set that goal of how many places they wanted to carry their product, and when they got to that number, they stopped, despite the overwhelming demand for more. With a limit on production, our company can focus on quality, while still providing a good quantity. We don’t limit the orders from the 1,000—and many order much more than $100,000 per year—we just don’t add more customers. The only way for someone new to get on that list is if someone drops off.
“Well then, give Easton the reins.”
“I will, on one condition.”
“Wait, you’re serious? You’ll really put him in charge, and let me do…something else?”
“’Something’ like keep building those tiny houses you’ve been selling for the past year?”
Shit. Wasn’t expecting that. “You know?”
“Of course I know. Can’t say I’m surprised. You were upgrading your friends’ tree houses from the time you were ten.”
“I love to build things. I’m sorry, but that’s my passion.”
“And it can be yours once you find your kiss.”
“Find my kiss? That’s what you want in exchange for Easton taking my place? I have to kiss someone?”
“Not just ‘someone’. Your gram and I talked about it in her last days. She seemed to think you might have already had the kiss that changed your life, but you just don’t remember it. We came up with a plan to see if she was right. You find ten women from your past who might have given you the kiss you forgot, but also try and kiss a few new people. I won’t make it an exact ten, because that may not be the right number for the new ones. You have until the annual Employee Appreciation carnival next month.”
“Next month? And how could I forget a magical kiss like the one you’re talking about? What if I don’t find ‘The One’? You don’t want me to force it, do you?”
“People forget things all the time, for one reason or another. And no, you can’t fake the kiss, so of course you can’t force anything. If you honestly still think it’s not possible for a kiss to mean anything after you’ve done what we’re asking, then I will still let you off the hook. You have to really believe it, though. And no half-assing the search, because I’ll know if you did.”
“Gram really thought I’d had it, though, the kiss?”
“Yes. She said you told her you’d felt it. You kissed someone, and told her you understood what she’d meant.”
“I did? When? And why can’t I just go find that girl? The one I told her about? Why send me on a quest when she knew who I should kiss already?”
“Yes, and I don’t know. She wouldn’t tell me. She said you should know, and if you don’t, then you don’t deserve the girl anyway.”
“But I thought she wanted me to find the kiss?”
“She did, but I think she was mad that you forgot. You know how ornery she got when she thought any of us were acting dumb.”
Yeah, I know. I felt that wrath more than once. When I fell out of the tree house I was adding to because I didn’t tie a rope on that time. Or every time I brought a social climber to a party. And let’s not forget the time East and I got so drunk that we woke up naked and spooning next to one of the chocolate vats at the factory. Actually, let’s forget that one. I don’t think anything happened, but I’m also glad the cameras weren’t on that night.
“Okay. I’ll do it. I’ll try and find the mystery woman who apparently rocked my world, or find a new one who can get the job done.”
“It’s not a job,” Gramps tells me, rolling his eyes.
“No, but it might just get me the one I want.” And give my best friend the one he does, too.
“I hope so. For everyone’s sake. And also because your father might just faint while driving his golf cart and crash it into the clubhouse again when he finds out.”
“He was drunk last time he did that. They don’t let him drive anymore.”
“Well damn, there goes about 40% of the fun in this.”
“I’ll try to make my 60% even better, just for you.”
“I’ll be counting on it. Now get out of here. You have plans to make.”
“Yes sir,” I tell him, giving him a hug before heading out. He’s right about me needing to plan. I need my friends, too.
FOOL ME ONCE AND KISS ME TWICE
“Wait, I get to run the company? Your family’s company? For reals?”
“Did you just say ‘for reals’?” I ask East raising a mocking eyebrow at him.
“Yeah, so?”
“And I was worried that your sexuality would be a problem. Now I know it’s your tween Disney Channel vocabulary that’s going to cause a stir.”
“So, tell us more about this quest for the perfect kiss,” Bea says, something flashing in her eyes when I look at her. It’s gone before I can analyze exactly what it was, but it leaves me a little unsettled.
“It’s not the ‘perfect’ kiss I’m supposed to find, it’s the girl attached to the lips that are supposed to let me know she’s the one for me.”
“You hate kissing. You’ve always said it’s just a means to an end,” she reminds me.
“Hate is a strong word. I’ve enjoyed a few kisses. I just don’t think they’re magical, or life-changing. Except, apparently one time I did. At least that’s what my Gram told my Gramps.”
“You don’t remember it? At all?” East asks, and I shake my head.
“Of course he doesn’t. He’s kissed the whole city, plus more than a few foreign girls. I don’t think a month is going to cut it.”
“Wow, Bea. The claws are out today, aren’t they?”
“Children, focus,” East says. “Since most kisses haven’t meant anything, we can rule out most of the population. Narrowing it down to ten shouldn’t be too hard.”
“Plus the new ones, but that should be easy, too.”
“You do remember some of those good kisses you talked about, don’t you?”
“Kind of. I mean, I remember kissing some girls, so that means something, right?”
Bea rolls her eyes. “Why am I friends with the two of you again?”
“Because no one else would embrace your disdain for romance and love the way we do,” East says, tweaking her nose.
“Or maybe it’s because I’ve saved you two from the psycho girls—and guys—who aren’t happy with a few hours of fun.”
“There’s that, too. You’re the best, Bumble,” I tell her, using the nickname only I call her.
“For the last time, my name is spelled B-E-A, not B-E-E.”
“And you point is?” I ask, trying to look innocently confused.
“Let’s just start making a plan before I give in to the urge to punch you.”
“Before you do that, you never answered me, Kye. I really get to run the company if this works?”
“Yes, and I get to keep building instead of ending my year off after graduate school in an office, wearing a damn suit and tie. It’s a win-win for both of us.”
“What do I get out of it?” Bea mumbles so low I almost don’t hear it.
“Our undying gratitude.”
“I’ve got lifetimes full of that after all the times I’ve bailed the two of you out.”
“How about we find you a guy?” East asks her, a wicked gleam in his eye.
“I think that ship sailed long ago,” she responds.
“What? Wait? When did you become a lesbian?”
“I am not a lesbian!” she yells, jumping back like I’ve hit her.
“It’s okay. Really. East’s already flying the flag, loud and proud. You know it’s cool if you like the ladies, too. Maybe you’ll even find one of the ones I have to turn away for a second time.”
“I have to punch him,” she tells East. “Please let me punch him now.”
He nods. “Yeah, I got nothing. Knock yourself—I mean him—out.”
I’m still processing all of this when her fist hits my jaw and I tumble backwards. I’m not knocked out, but fuck if that didn’t hurt. Girl has a mean right hook, which shouldn’t be a surprise since East and I taught her how to hit when we were kids. But still, dammit. Did she have to hit me? She said she didn’t want us to look for a guy for her, so why wouldn’t I assume she’s a lesbian? I make a simple observation, and now I have to seek medical attention.
“I need a doctor!” I say, holding my injured face.
“You don’t need a doctor, wimp,” East tells me. Where’s the compassion? Or even the love?
“She hit me!”
“Woman up, and get some ice,” Bea says, rolling her eyes.
“I’m not a woman, thank you very much.”
“Obviously not. We have babies and survive it—you can’t take a little punch.”
“You don’t hit a guy’s face like that. What if I’m disfigured,” I tell her, getting up to look at my reflection in my steel stove hood. “It’s already getting purple.”
“Here. Put this on your face, and get a grip,” East tells me, slapping an ice pack against my chest.
“I need more than this. It’s my face,” I remind him.
He hands me a bottle of beer, and now I’m ready to tackle the list. Beer can make almost anything better.
Bea sits as far from me as possible in my living room, glaring at me like I’m the one who did the punching. Women! This is why I’ve never kept one in my life for longer than a suck, or a fuck—they get angrier when you accept them for who they are than they do if you reject them.
“Let’s get started,” East says, trying to diffuse some of the tension in the room. I’m still not happy with him for telling her to hit me, but I need his help. If I’m being honest, I need them both, but I’m not ready for that kind of soul searching just yet.
“Okay, right. The first girl I can remember is Kian.”
“The class princess from fourth grade, Kian?” Bea asks with a sneer.
“Yes. She was pretty, and she smelled good.”
“She was mean, and she repeatedly pretended I was a boy because I played with the two of you.”
“She’s got you there. I still can’t believe you dated her for a week,” East says.
“We passed notes, ate at the place with the pizza and the mouse, and kissed a few times. Dating was pretty damn easy back then. Nice and easy.”
“She called me a boy, asshole! You kissed that little bitch after she called me a boy!”
“She was just intuitive. She probably sensed that you were into her, and just didn’t know how to deal with that feeling back then. Honestly, you’re not dealing with those feelings too well now.”
“Dude. Do you want her to punch you again? She’s not into girls.”
“You’re not?” I ask, confused, because I thought we’d already established that she was.
“No,” she says, quietly. “While you were coming to terms with my sexuality, I was looking up your girl. She’s a corporate divorce lawyer. She looks like a shark in her picture.”
“Let me see,” East tells her. She turns her phone to him, and he rears back. “Whoa! She really does look like a shark. I feel like all those white teeth are going to jump off the screen and bite me.”
“Is she a great white or a nurse shark?” I ask, needing to know just what I’m in for.
“She’s still got smooth mocha skin, brown eyes, but her hair is in soft waves. I can objectively say she looks hot. What do you think, Bea?”
She growls at him in response as he chuckles. I motion for the phone, and she tosses it to me so I can look for myself. “Nice. I’ll just have to be careful not to get bit when I kiss her. Unless she’s the one, and then I guess she can bite me.”
“Bite me,” Bea says.
“Don’t ask for things you don’t truly want.”
I get a one-fingered salute as she grabs her phone and stomps out the front door. “Was it something I said?”
“It’s lots of things you say, Kye. Lots and lots of things.”
“Really?”
“Just forget it for now. How do you want this to go down?”
“I’m thinking I’ll throw on a suit, and put her on retainer.”
“You don’t need a divorce lawyer.”
“Yet. I don’t need one yet. If I find this miracle kiss, I’m going to need a pre-nup, so why not be prepared?”
“Wow. Such a romantic.”
“One of has to be practical.”
“Says the tiny house builder.”
“To the foam party fucking fanatic.”
“We all have our freak,” he says with a shrug. “And I usually just get blown, or do the blowing, in the foam. Fucking comes later.”
“Semantics.”
“You’re not really trying to school me, are you? Do you want me to remind you about the freaky escapades you’ve shared with me over the years?”
“Touché.”
“I take it that’s a no?”
“Just help me pick out a suit.”
“Not all gay men know fashion.”
“Yeah, but you’re one of the ones who does.”
“I expect a new Armani suit for my trouble.”
“You can buy your own damn suit. You have a trust fund, too.”
“But it’s so much better when a hot guy buys things for me.”
I just stop and stare at him. “Just no.”
“Too much?”
“Way beyond too much. Get in there, and do your best work.”
“My best work is done outside of the closet. Just ask anyone.”
“I’d rather not. Go!”
I love this guy, and I love Bea, too. We met as kids who were hiding out at a fancy party, trying not to get our cheeks pinched again. As kids, we stuck together against bullies—well, except for my momentary slip with Kian, but if she’s my soulmate, I should be forgiven for my lapse in loyalty. As teens we bonded over vapid debutantes and drugged out party boys. In college, we all majored in business, going through all six years of school together. Me, so I could do my duty to my family, even though I just want to build things, namely little houses. East, because he loves it even though his family has pretended he doesn’t exist since he came out. And Bea, because she wants to run a non-profit, also against family wishes. They don’t want her to run their business, but they do want her to marry someone who will. She’ll never do that, and it’s their loss. My friends are awesome; magic kiss or not, I know they’ll always have my back.
KIAN THE IGNITION
Getting an appointment with Kian was easier than I thought it would be. The lady who answered the phone sucked in a breath when I gave her my name. Since the whole world thinks I’m the heir, and they don’t know that I’m going to be the spare, doors open a lot easier than they should sometimes. And yeah, I take advantage of that to get into restaurants and clubs when I forget to call ahead. I may not want the title, but the perks are pretty nice sometimes. Like right now.
East nearly fainted when he saw my new Brioni suit. My mom insisted I needed at least one, so I went out and got it, knowing my best friend would approve. I just didn’t think he’d try to steal it. There was a tug of war, ending with me reminding him once again that he can buy his own. He finally let go because he was worried we’d tear the fabric.
We walk into the sleek lobby, filled with chrome and glass, and I nod at my friend. “This is nice. Not my kind of thing, necessarily, but I could make do.”
“But can she deal with yours? Tiny houses are all the rage, but building them isn’t exactly prestigious.”
“I have the money, and the pedigree. That should be enough.”
“It sounds so crass when you put it that way.”
“It’s the life we live.”
“I know, but doesn’t it make you feel like…dirty…sometimes? Or like we’re pieces of art someone has decided is nice enough to hang in a museum?”
“Huh. That’s pretty deep for a casual talk, but yeah, I feel that way. It sucks, which is why that’s usually all I let the women do if they know who I am. I’m not going to hide my last name, but I don’t like to broadcast it, either.”
“Same.”
“Excuse me, gentlemen. Can I help you?” the woman behind the desk asks me. I guess we were taking a little too long in making our way over to her across the large lobby.
“Hello. I’m Kye Davies.”
“Oh yes, I thought I recognized you. You can go right on back.”
“Thanks, but could you be more specific. I’ve never been here, so I don’t know exactly where I’m going.”
“Oh my, I’m so sorry. I’ll take you, of course.”
She grabs my hand, and I try to remain calm. I’m used to overzealous women of all ages treating me like the Crown Prince of the city, but it doesn’t mean I’m comfortable with it. Especially when they get the “crazy eyes.” This one’s definitely rocking the eyes, and I know East sees it, too, because he’s trying to hold in a laugh. His face is turning red with the exertion, and if we were anywhere else, I’d flip the bastard off. Just wait until he gets mauled. I’m going to sit back and laugh my ass off.
The walk down the hall is thankfully short, and I only get groped twice before we’re entering Kian’s office. It looks just like everything out in the lobby—all metal and glass. There’s not one scrap of wood anywhere, but I tell myself to get past that. Just because I live and breathe for wood, doesn’t mean my future wife has to as well. Wife? Damn, I guess my subconscious caught that before I did. If I find my kiss, I’ll also find a wife. At least, that’s what should happen. Right now I’m not so sure.
Kian looks even more predatory than she did in her picture. I have to force myself not to shrink back as she smiles wide and moves around her desk to greet us. One look and the receptionist is gone, and we’re alone with her. East and I exchange panicked looks and start to reach for each other, but then she’s on us. On me.
She pulls me into a tight hug. I’m a pretty muscular guy, but I’m genuinely afraid of being crushed at the moment. “Kye! What a great surprise. I’m so happy you called me to take care of things for you. We really should’ve re-connected years ago.”
“Sure,” I manage to squeak out once she lets me go.
I pat her on the shoulder as she turns to East. “And you, Easton. My brother and you should go on a date.”
“Oh, um, is he gay?”
“Of course not, but I’m sure he’d be willing to play along with you as long as you buy him season tickets for the basketball team.”
“I-I I’m seeing someone,” he blurts out. Good job, man. Save yourself.
“Does it matter?”
“Yeah. It does.”
“It’s not Bob, is it?”
“Who’s Bob?” I ask.
“The boy who used to hang out with you.”
“Boy? Wait, do you mean Bea? She’s a girl.”
“Are you sure?”
“Completely sure.”
“Huh. I always thought it was a boy. Wait, you’re not with her, are you? Is she the one you need a pre-nup for?”
I laugh out loud at that. “No. Bea and I? No.”
“Good. Because I still think she wants to be a boy. So who is the lucky lady?”
Time to go for broke. I’m praying she’s not the “one.” Not just because she’s scaring the hell out of me, or even because she keeps insulting Bea. Okay, yeah, those are my reasons, but I’m sure I’d come up with more if I wasn’t trying to think about how high up we are, and if I could survive a jump from the window if this goes sideways.
East and I decided it’s best if I not reveal the details of my “quest” to the women, just that I need kisses. Most of my partings with these women were amicable, and I still maintain that kisses are no big deal, so it shouldn’t be a problem.
“Funny story, Kian. I don’t really need a pre-nup, at least not yet. I just used that as an excuse to get in the door.”
Her eyes light up like the Vegas Strip, and I reach for East again, but he’s not there. I chance a look to my right, and I see him sitting on the couch in the office. Now that he’s out of range, he’s clearly enjoying the show. I glare at him, but he just smirks back at me. Ass.
“You didn’t need to do that,” she says, rubbing against me like a cat against a tree. “I would’ve seen you. What do you really want, Kye?”
I don’t want to ask. I don’t want to ask. I have to ask. “A kiss.”
As soon as the words are out of my mouth, she presses her mouth to mine. It’s not gentle, it’s not like a vacuum, it’s…nothing. Thank the Lord above, because I feel absolutely nothing.
I try to pull back, but she’s having none of it. I’m pressed against the door, arms flailing as I try to silently signal East for help. I finally get free when she needs to take a deep breath, only to find my friend looking shell-shocked. He’s shell-shocked? I just got mauled by an African-American She-Ra. I’m not interested in seeing her out of her clothes for sexual reasons, but I’m kind of intrigued to see her arms and legs, because they’re strong. Seriously strong.
I slip out from her clutches as she catches her breath, but since she’s blocking the door. I can’t escape. Plus, we leave no man behind, and East still looks like he can’t move yet. I eye the windows again, but what if he doesn’t snap out of it, even if I push him out?
“Where are you going?”
“I…um…just checking on East.”
“Ooh, do you want to play with us, too?” she asks, sliding her suit jacket off her shoulders.
That snaps him out of it. “No. I’m good over here alone. Real good.”
“You don’t have to be shy with me. I’ve been with two men before. I liked it.”
And there goes her skirt. Damn her leg muscles are huge! Does she compete? —because she should really be competing in bodybuilding competitions.
“Not my thing. Not my thing,” East chants, as he joins me near the windows. Oh yeah, it’s looking like we might have to jump.
“Hmm, well I guess we could share Kye. I don’t like to share, but you can have him, too.”
“No, no, no! He cannot have me! Cannot, cannot, cannot!”
“Fine. I can suck him while you fuck me.”
She’s down to a bra and panties, and yeah, she could definitely take both of us down. Her guns could rival Thor’s; we are in so much trouble. Maybe I can still talk us out of here.
“No hard feelings, Kian, but I think maybe we should just go.”
“Go? You want to go?”
“Yeah?”
“You’re a fucking tease!”
“I am,” I admit. Hell, I’d admit anything to make it out of here alive. “I really did just want a kiss.”
“You owe me $1,000 for my wasted time.”
“Your fees are only $500 and hour, and we’ve been here maybe ten minutes.”
She roars like The Hulk, and charges. I jump on her desk and roll to the other side as she comes after me. “$1,000 is fine. It’s great. I’ve got my AMEX right here. Right here.”
I wave it in her face as she growls at me. “Pay at the front desk, and don’t ever think of coming back here again.”
“Front desk. Got it. Won’t be back.”
We rush the door, but try to walk calmly down the hall. We’re shaky, but we manage to look somewhat normal while I pay, and we go down to the garage.
“That went well,” East says.
“Fuck you.”
“I thought you said no to that.”
“I said no to you fucking me, dipshit.”
“Oh, well I don’t bottom for just anyone,” he says.
“Good to know. Not. I never needed to know that.”
“I never needed to see what just happened in that office, so we’re even.”
“It has to get better after that, right?”
“If it doesn’t, there may not be enough bleach in the world for me to clean my eyes out with.”
“Thanks for the encouragement.”
“That’s what I’m here for. Shits, giggles, and wise words to help you on your journey.”
“I thought you were here for the job.”
“That too, but you come before the job. Barely, but you’re still number two.”
“Two?”
“Yeah man, Bea is first.”
“What the fuck?”
“She’d never get me into the situation I was just in.”
“Because ‘Bob’ doesn’t date.”
“She does. You just pretend she doesn’t, and one day, you’ll figure out why.”
“I’m done. You’re flying into Crazy Town, and since I left my boarding pass at home, I can’t join you.”
“You’ll get there. Faith in you I have.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yoda. Just drive.”
FRIENDSHIP IS THE FLAVOR OF…?
After the fiasco with Kian, I’m taking a day off from kisses. I know I have a tight timeline, but that was some scary shit. I’m pretty sure the next girl on my list isn’t a gold-digger, or a bodybuilder, but I still need a breather. At least I checked one off the list.
I’m in the empty lot next to my house that I converted into my work space. My Gramps wasn’t wrong when he said I’ve always loved designing and building things. Only small things, though. I can’t imagine building a mansion, or a skyscraper, but if your kid needs a tree house or play house, or even if you just want to live in a tiny space yourself, I’m your guy.
I stroke the piece of wood I’m working with, inhaling its clean scent and getting a feel for it before I start cutting. The wood doesn’t talk to me, or any shit like that, but it does calm me.
“You’re not gonna go all American Pie on that piece of wood are you? Because if you are, I’m running out of here, and telling everyone we know,” Bea says, walking up to me.
“You’d share my sexual proclivities with the world, Bumble”
“Hell yeah.”
“You kept East’s secret until he was ready to come out, but you can’t let me fly my freak flag?”
“Not if you’re letting your wood get up close and personal with your lumber. No one wants to live in a house made of wood that was violated.”
Bea is just a friend, but still. All this talk about my wood, and building with wood, is making me sport some wood. I step further behind my work table, because if she saw that, she’d either think I really was going to try and fuck some wood, or she’d realize I got it for her. Both would be pretty awkward.
“I’m not violating any wood today—or any other day for that matter.”
“Well, that’s a relief. I couldn’t hire you if I thought you’d be doing the nasty with my birch, or pine, or whatever.”
“Hire me? You want a tiny house?” I ask, looking at her more than a little skeptically.
“Actually, I want a bunch of tiny houses. And a couple of treehouses, plus a handful of playhouses.”
“Just how many is a bunch?”
“I was thinking maybe twenty to start.”
“Dare I ask what these twenty houses are going to be used for? You aren’t secretly trying to get me to build something big are you?”
“Nothing big in terms of space. I’m not a moron, you know—I don’t expect them to stack.”
“Okay, I’ll bite. What’s the plan?”
“A shelter for women and children where they each have their own little space instead of just a single room in a big house.”
Whoa. That’s… “Yes. I can do it. I saw a design that was around 550 sq. feet. It had a little kitchen and living room, a loft bedroom, bunk beds with a pull out closet, and yeah. I can totally do that. I’ll need to hire some guys, and not take on any new clients, but I’m in. This is going to be so fucking cool.”
“Really? You’ll do it?”
“Of course I’ll do it. Did you think I wouldn’t?” I ask her, seriously confused.
“It’s a big commitment, and I know you’re trying to grow your business, but I can pay you extra.”
“You’re not paying me anything.”
“Of course I’m paying you!”
“Nope. That’s my condition for doing this. Use the money for other things you’ll need. Do you have land?”
“Of course I have land. I bought a bunch of acres outside of town.”
“Cool. So you worry about your stuff, I’ll build the houses, and I bet East can come up with something else. Oh, and I have another idea. We’re bound to lose at least one customer when East is named President, so how about if we auction off that spot, or any others.”
“You can do that?”
“No, but my Gramps can, and I bet he will.”
She throws herself into my arms, and I instinctively wrap my own around her. We’ve hugged thousands of times, but this time feels more important. Maybe it’s because I’m helping her with my dream. Maybe it’s because our dreams are connecting. Or just maybe it’s because I can’t stop thinking about what East said, that maybe I don’t want her dating other guys. It doesn’t matter right now. All that matters is that I’m holding her tight.
She finally pulls away, but keeps her hands on my arms. I keep mine on her hips, but I’m not going to think about that right now. “I’m sorry I hit you the other day.”
“I’m sorry I thought you were gay. It was an honest mistake, though. You hardly ever date, and we’ve already established that you never hook up.”
“Well, us ‘not too bad looking’ girls have to take what we can get.”
“I said that too, didn’t I?”
She shrugs. “We’re best friends, which means you should always be honest with me.”
I wasn’t being honest when I said that, and I know it. I don’t think of her like a “chick” but I know she’s beautiful. Gorgeous even. She has long blond hair that’s usually in a ponytail, or bun, deep brown eyes that draw you in with their intensity, bone structure a model would kill for, a mouth that a man could kiss all night. Um, what? I don’t think about her lips, and I definitely don’t think about kissing them. Not now, and not ever. She’s my best friend, which is better than a fuck any day of the week. I need to remember that, but I also need to give her some truth.
“You’re beautiful, Bea. Any guy would be lucky to have you.”
“Not any guy, but thanks. You’re not so bad yourself—even with your shitty attitude.”
I laugh, and kiss her forehead. “Coming from you, I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“You shouldn’t.”
“Well, I am. Now let’s go inside and map out what needs to be done for you.”
She puts her hand on my arm when I go to move away. “Are you sure you have time? I know you have the kisses to get through, and East is counting on you.”
“They’re just kisses, Bumble. I’ll have plenty of time to build your houses in between locking lips. Don’t worry, okay? I got this. I wouldn’t let you down.”
She looks a little sad, but nods. “Okay. Let’s figure it out.”
We spend the next two hours going over designs and placement on the land. She has pictures on her phone, and I’m able to bring up aerial photos on Google Earth, so I can get an idea of what we’re working with. Once everything’s mapped out, and we’re good to go, we both stand up and I walk her out.
“Thanks again, Kye. I really appreciate all of this.”
“You’re my best friend, so I think I’m just fulfilling my job requirement.”
“Above and beyond normal requirements this time,” she says kissing my cheek. “You’re the best.”
“No, but you and East keep me looking pretty good. Love you, Bumble.”
“Love you too.”
I watch her walk out, then grab my phone to call East. I’m not surprised when he pledges his help immediately, and we make plans to get together tomorrow. I need some kisses, and he needs to get laid, so I have the perfect place in mind—he just doesn’t know it yet.
KISS THE BOYS…AND RUN
“Let’s do this,” I say, standing outside of East’s favorite club.
“Are you sure? You’ve never been into guys,” he reminds me, looking like he’d rather be anywhere than here with me right now.
“I’ll never know until I try.”
After my confusing thoughts about Bea yesterday, I decided to try something new for my first “new” kiss. I’ve never kissed a guy, but since I’ve kissed more than a few aggressive women in my life, why not try it? It can’t be any worse than the vacuum or the shark!
“Fine. Just try not to embarrass me.”
“When have I ever embarrassed you?”
“When haven’t you?”
“Nice. BFF of the Year right here.”
“CEOs don’t sugarcoat things.”
“You’re not a CEO yet.”
“Yet.”
“You really should be showing me more appreciation,” I tell him as we walk inside.
“He doesn’t know how to appreciate anyone,” a guy says, stepping into our path.
He’s hot. Even though he’s not doing anything for me, I can appreciate his blonde surfer vibe. His shirt is tight enough to show a nice set of abs. Nothing to rival mine, of course, but not bad.
“And who are you?” I ask.
“Rob.”
Oh hell to the no! This is the bastard who messed with East when I was out of the country last year. Even though he has a common name, I know in my bones that this is the guy. Especially since East has gone still.
“Nice to meet you, Rob,” I say in a tone of voice that lets him know it’s really not.
“You can do better than him,” he practically snarls, looking at my best friend.
“Not really, but he can definitely do better than you.”
“I can get more guys to make out with me than you two losers ever could. The hottest guys.”
“You think? Care to make a wager?”
“What do you have in mind?” he asks, looking down at my jeans and t-shirt in disdain. No $5000 suits for me tonight, but I know I look good, and him not recognizing me makes things even better.
“How about loser announces to the club that he’s a gold-digging asshole.”
“You’d really do that?” Hell yeah, I would, because I’m cocky enough to know that at least a few people here will recognize me, and laugh if I have to say it.
“Yep.”
“Prepare to go down, and not on me, which is what you’d really like.”
What I’d really like now is to throw up, but I settle for flipping him off as I walk past him. It’s on like…something other than Donkey Kong, because I’m more of a Pac-Man fan myself. Anyway, this is going to be fun. More than the fun. The funnest.
“You didn’t have to do that…do this,” East tells me.
“The fuck I didn’t. You’re more family to me than anyone but my Gramps.”
“And Bea.”
The thought of Bea being family creeps me out for some reason, so I shrug it off. “Excuse me, but I have a bet to win.”
I see Rob sidle up to his first prospect, rubbing his back, and whispering in his ear. They start to move to the dance floor, but I intercept them. “Hi,” I say to the guy.
His eyes go wide as I step into one of the low lights around the bar. “Hey.”
“Can I kiss you?” I ask.
His eyes go even wider, and he smiles. “Really?”
“I’m not allowed to joke about kisses, so yes.”
“Huh?”
“Do you want to make out, or what?”
“He doesn’t,” Rob says, finally speaking up. If looks could kill, I’d be dead long ago, so I ignore his pissed off look.
“No, I do. And who the hell do you think you are, answering for me?”
Rob opens his mouth, but the guy’s glare and my smirk are too much for him. He lets out some kind of growl, and stalks off. The guy and I look at each other, and it’s my eyes that widen a little as he closes his now, and leans in.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t freaking out a little right now. Not about kissing a guy—it’s never been my thing, but my best friend does it all the time, and there’s nothing wrong with it. I’ve just started my “kiss quest” but why not step outside the box?
I don’t close my eyes, but I lean in and touch my lips to his. It’s…nice. There are no sparks, and this cute guy is definitely not the one, but I don’t mind the kiss. His lips are a little rough, but no more than some of the girls I’ve kissed. We’re not touching except for our lips, and that’s kind of sweet.
I pull away, and smile at him. “Thanks, that was nice.”
“You’re not really into guys are you?” he asks.
“No, but that was a nice first guy kiss.”
“I was your first?”
“Yep.”
“Cool. I’m going to go check out some other guys.”
“Can you stay away from that Rob dude?”
“There’s more to that kiss than I know, isn’t there?”
“I may have used you,” I admit. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I got to pop your boy kiss cherry. How cool is that?”
“Thanks, man.”
I walk away from him, and right over to where Rob is about to get his first kiss of the night. Nope, not gonna happen. I successfully take that kiss, and all but two others he tries for that night. He’s pissed, and I’m having the time of my life.
I can tell that most of the guys recognize me, and I’m cool with that. The ones who don’t apparently like my look better than Rob’s, and that’s actually kind of cooler. I’m more built than him because I hit the gym as well as carry around wood—and not the kind he prefers. I’m tall enough, with short brown hair, blue eyes, and the face of the hot boy next door. I’m not exotic, and even my occasional facial hair can’t make me “dashing,” but I like my look, and so does most of the rest of the population. Hell, I haven’t even had to take my shirt off here to get some action—and I was totally willing to show the abs if I had to.
Still no fireworks from the kisses, but I’m happily surprised that kissing a guy is no different than kissing a girl. There’s the stellar, the good, the bad, and the downright ugly. The stellar was so good that I let my tongue come into play, and the ugly put “hoover chick” to shame. All in all, tonight has made me realize that while I accepted my best friend’s lifestyle, I never took the time to really understand it. There may be some different anatomy coming into play for the fucking, but kissing is just kissing. Sorry Gramps, but that’s just the way it is.
I end up beating Rob—of course—and he’s beyond pissed as he takes the small stage. Especially when someone yells out who I am. I’m laughing it up with East, until I see Rob jump off the stage, and motion to a couple of the scarier looking dudes in the club. Every club has the guys you avoid, and this one is no different. When they start heading our way, we run. We run fast and far, thanking God for making us both love exercise and the outdoors. When we come upon some cops, we slow down and catch a cab.
“That was too fucking close,” East says, as we leave the muscle behind. “This kissing thing may just kill us.”
“It just might,” I agree, and then we both burst out laughing. I can’t even imagine what might happen next.
TOPANGA ME THIS
My field trip to the club has been splashed all over the local media. Some people forget that camera phones are everywhere, but not me—I just don’t care. I’m not embarrassed by anything I do in a club, or at a party. I don’t do drugs, I don’t sexually assault or harm anyone, and while I may get drunk and naked sometimes, it doesn’t hurt anyone else. Well, maybe the people who have to look at my naked ass; although it is a pretty fine one, if I do say so myself.
Mother and father don’t share my feelings, and have both been blowing up my phone with angry voicemails. I’ve ignored them all, because my job isn’t to impress the country club, or the Fortune 100. Besides, Gramps thinks it’s hilarious. I took his call, and he told me he was glad I was exploring all kissing options. So yeah, my two fucks are not being given over some pictures of me kissing other men.
Today is throwback kiss number two, and I’m honestly psyched about this one. Topanga was one of the coolest chicks I ever hooked up with. If you can’t tell by her name, she was raised a hippie, and not to be stereotypical, but damn was she free with the love. She wasn’t my first fuck, but she was the one I experienced the most with, sexually at least. While I’m really not the suit and tie guy, I’m also not the vegan, pot-smoking guy, either. I mean, once or twice a year at a party, it’s cool to toke it up, but not as a nightly ritual. I was sad to give up the cool girl—and the wild sex—but I had to think of myself, and not my dick.
East is busy shadowing Gramps today—they’re using a cover story of him being an intern—and Bea is busy getting shit done for her shelter, so I’m going solo this time. I drive down the dirt road to the commune, and can’t help but smile. I wasn’t ready to embrace the lifestyle of this place, but I had fun while it lasted.
Once I’m parked on the side of the main building, I walk inside. Topanga’s dad is sitting on one of the hemp covered couches, but he stands when he sees me.
“Kye! Long time no see!”
“Hey, good to see you,” I say, trying to remember his name.
“What are you doing in our neck of the woods?”
“I was thinking about Topanga the other day, and I thought I’d come out and visit.”
“Ah. It’s been longer than I thought. Have a seat and I’ll go and get my child.”
“Great, thanks,” I say, not even blinking at his weird word choice. I got used to it back when I was visiting this place on a semi-regular basis.
I take a seat on one of the couches, which are just as comfortable as I remember them being. I’m checking my email when I hear someone walk in. I smile as I stand, turning to see…a guy. I smooth out my smile into something more non-committal, and give a chin nod.
“Hey.”
“Hi, Kye.”
He knows my name? Well, of course he knows my name. “I’m just waiting for a friend.”
“I know. It’s me.”
Me? Me who? And then I look closer. Holy shit, this dude is Topanga, or I guess not. He has the same eyes, hair, and face, but his body? Yeah, that’s not the chick I had my hands on, and my dick in! He’s got lean muscles, and no tits. It’s kind of disorienting. Scratch that, it’s completely disorienting. I have to now admit that I was kind of hoping for a reunion fuck, but while I’m down with kissing a boy, I’m not going to do…that.
“Wow,” I say, finding my voice, and babbling like an idiot. “Do you still go by Topanga, or maybe not. I guess you could. Um, yeah, hi.”
He laughs. “Actually, it’s Cory now.”
“Cool.”
“I’m surprised to see you. It’s been a couple of years.”
He’s surprised? “Yeah, it has.”
“You can relax, Kye. Just because I finally let myself identify as a man, doesn’t mean you got it on with a guy.”
“What? I wasn’t thinking that.” I was totally thinking that. “I’m just surprised, is all. You were so into…things.”
“I still am. I just have different equipment.”
“You went all out then, huh?”
“That’s kind of the point of realizing I’m a man.”
I nod, over and over like an idiot. “Of course. I get it. I mean, I don’t get it, but you be you.”
“I am being me,” he says with a laugh, clearly amused by the fact that I’m freaking out a little, and not hiding it well.
“Yeah, yeah. Totally.”
“You came here for a reason, Kye. What did you need from me?”
Here goes nothing. Or everything. Shit, this could be everything, and then I’m dating Cory, who used to be Topanga, and wasn’t that a TV show? “I was looking for a kiss.”
“You wanted to kiss me?”
“Yeah.” God, I’m saying that word a lot, but my brain is literally not operating on all cylinders right now. “I’m on a quest. A kissing quest.”
“A kissing quest?” he asks, and then his eyes soften. “Is this about your grandma? I heard that she passed away. I’m sorry Kye.”
“It is, and thanks.”
“So you have to kiss me. That’s cool. You can close your eyes and pretend I’m still Topanga if you need to.”
That right there is why I could’ve maybe loved this girl—guy. He’s willing to help me overcome my discomfort, even if I probably wouldn’t normally be okay with it. “Nope. I’m keeping my eyes open and kissing you, Cory.”
His smile lights up the entire room, and I know I said the right thing. I smile back, not quite as brightly, but it is genuine. Our eyes meet, and he reaches out to cup my neck with his small hand—because his hand is still small, no changing genetics. I lean in as he pulls me forward, holding onto his shoulders as our lips meet.
It’s soft, sweet, and full of friendship and almost-love. Nothing more, but nothing less, either. I pull back and give him another smile. “Thanks, Cory.”
“No problem. My lips are at your service any time you need them.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Please do. And Kye, thanks for…you know…not making this more awkward than it is.”
“You mean because I used to pound your pussy, and now you have a dick?”
“Yeah, that.”
“It’s all good. You need anything, you call me. Or if someone gives you shit and you need backup, I got your back.”
He reaches for me, and I willingly hug him. We’ll never be together again, but that doesn’t mean I don’t care for him. Topanga, or Cory…it doesn’t matter. On the inside, he’s the same person he was when we were dating, and that’s one hell of a person.
KISS, TELL, AND TRY NOT TO CRY
“You are just a regular man magnet, aren’t you?” East tells me, as he laughs so hard his eyes start to water.
“Go ahead and laugh it up. At least Cory’s cool.”
“I still can’t believe he changed his name to that. Like, seriously, that’s so wrong.”
I shrug as I switch lanes. “His parents let him pick him name when he was five, and he chose Topanga because he loved that show. Only natural he’d change it to the other half of his favorite couple.”
“I guess.”
“Do you really think I’ll find someone at this thing?”
“We’re not going for you.”
“I have a limited amount of time, which means that everywhere we go is for me.”
“I guess, but try not to embarrass Bea with your shenanigans.”
“Shenanigans? You’ve been hanging with my Gramps for too long.”
“He’s the coolest guy I know.”
“He is,” I agree, not even trying to argue that I’m cooler, because we both know I’m not.
“I mean it, though. This fundraising lunch is important for her and what she wants to do.”
“You think I don’t know that? I’m building the houses.”
“Which I still think is really cool of you.”
“She’s our best friend—do you really think I’d make her pay for her dream when I can do it for free.”
“No. It’s just things like that—and what you’re doing for me—that remind me why you’re my best friend.”
“Knock it off, because I am not going to have an allergy attack in the car. Plus, I’m doing the kissing thing for me, too.”
“Allergy attack? This is me—I know you cry at those stories on Facebook.”
“Some of that shit is intense man. People helping each other, kids dying, humanity at its finest. How can you read all that and not tear up?”
“I’m not judging, man. I’m just less emotional than you—one of us has to be sensible. Bea’s the bleeding heart, and you’re the wild card.”
“We’re pretty awesome.”
“Yep, and now we’re here, so take a few calming breaths, and let’s wow the crowd.”
I roll my neck, and check myself in the mirror as we pull up. I’m looking good, if I do say so myself. Good hair and teeth. A steel grey suit with a white shirt and no tie. All paired with a platinum smart watch, and Italian loafers. I scream young, rich, and hot which is just what I’m going for because I need to schmooze some money out of the crowd for Bea today. That’s what we’re here for. Despite what I said to East, kissing would just be a bonus—I’m not here for that.
We walk inside and I see Bea immediately. She’s got on a light pink dress that’s sheer on top, covered in flowers, and has a little cape-like skirt that’s longer than the straight one underneath it. She looks beautiful. No, she looks stunning. As the thought makes its way into my brain, freaking me out a little, I notice the guy who’s standing a little too close to her, rubbing her back.
“The fuck?”
“Language. I told you to behave,” East hisses at me.
“Who’s the fu-guy with his hands on Bea?”
“That’s Shane.”
“Is she…dating him?”
“Kind of. You didn’t know?”
“No,” I say clenching my jaw so tight that my teeth are grinding. I shouldn’t be upset—Bea is my best friend, and nothing more.
“Jealous?”
I huff out a laugh, even though I want to stalk over there and tear his hand off as he keeps touching her. “About Bea? Why would I be jealous. I just don’t want some douche messing with her, and he looks like a douche.”
“He’s hot, but he does look kind of smarmy,” he concedes. “If the looks fit the personality, she’ll kick him to the curb, so stop worrying and start making our girl some money.”
“Hot? I guess if you like manbuns and beards,” I say, rubbing the scruff on my chin.
“Who doesn’t?”
“A chick who wants to have better hair than the guy she’s dating.”
“Chicks dig it, and so do I. It’s cool to run my fingers through a guy’s hair, and pull it when I…well, you know. It’s just like you and a woman.”
“Not exactly, but I guess I get it—when it’s another guy. Douchemobile over there is just gross.”
“You definitely need to let it go. Bea will handle it—and him—if she needs to.”
“You’re right. She’s got this.” She’s always got everything. Bea may be a ‘bleeding heart’ but she’s also smart, and sexy. No, what? She’s not sexy. This kiss thing is messing with my mind—I’ve never thought of my best friend that way, and I’m not going to start now.
I wade into the crowd, flashing my smile and my pedigree at the people there. I’ve been in the same social circle with some for years, but Bea has also brought the no-bullshit people here. These are the ones who don’t care about the country club, or the right fork. They have money, but prefer to flaunt it in ways my parents turn their noses up at—donating it, building cool buildings, and driving the hottest cars. They give it and they show it, and that’s a sin in the world I grew up in. In all honesty, I prefer their way to the polite insults and backroom dealing I’ve seen all my life. My Gramps is a straight shooter, and though it skipped a generation, so am I.
I schmooze them all because that’s what I’m here for, but I prefer the craft beers of the new crowd to the whiskey of the old. After indulging in both, I’m not feeling much of anything but happy, until I see Shane grab Bea’s ass. I’m halfway to them, when East grabs me.
“Nope. You can’t. She’d move his hand if she didn’t want it there.”
“She shouldn’t want it,” I slur.
“But she does, and right now, you’re in no shape to say anything about it.”
“I’m standing, and I can still talk. Let me go!”
“Nope. We’re going home, because Bea doesn’t need a scene. If you weren’t so drunk, you’d know that.”
“I got her lots of donations. People love me!”
“I know. You’re the best, man, but it’s time to go.”
I meet Bea’s eyes through the crowd, and hers widen when she sees East holding me back. I smile at her, and shake him off, because I know he’s right. I won’t ruin this night for Bea. “Let’s go. I did what I came here to do.”
RYN THE DAY
“Thanks for helping me out the other day,” Bea tells me, as we drive out of town a few days after her event. “We raised even more money than I thought we would.”
“You know I’d do anything for you.”
“Almost anything.”
“No ‘almost’ about it. Remember when I ran naked through your Mom’s garden party so she’d stop saying all that passive aggressive shit about you not being engaged?”
“How could I forget?” she says with a smile.
“I’d do it every day if you needed me to. I’d also kill for you, or help you hide a body. So, yeah, anything you need. Ever.”
She doesn’t answer, so I look over at her. She’s looking down at her hands, and it scares me enough to pull off the road, and turn off the car. “Why are you stopping, Kye?”
“Why are you looking sad right now? Is it that ass you were at the party with?”
“I wasn’t at the party with anyone.”
“He had his hands on your ass.”
“Oh, Shane. I was kind of seeing him.”
“You’re not anymore?”
“No. He wasn’t the guy for me.”
“Good.”
“Good?”
“Yeah. East and I knew he was a douche, but he said you’d figure it out on your own.”
“He always has faith in me.”
“So do I,” I argue. “You know that right?”
“I know you always have my back.”
“So what’s wrong if it’s not him?”
“There’s just something I’ve always wanted, and I’m starting to realize I can never have it.”
“What is it? I’ll help you if I can.”
“You can’t help me with this, but thanks for offering. I love you, Kye.”
“I love you too, Bumble.”
She looks like she’s going to cry, so I reach out and hug her. She folds herself into me, and I allow myself a moment to pretend that she’s not the girl who saw me pee my pants when I was eight and got scared by a fake ghost. Just a moment, because I still can’t wrap my head around why I’m suddenly looking at her in a different way. She’s still Bea, just Bumble Bea. She hasn’t changed so why am I thinking the things I’ve been thinking. I don’t think I want to know.
“We should get going. You’ve got a girl to kiss,” Bea says, pulling back with a shaky smile. “Thanks for holding me for a minute.”
“Anytime.”
I get back on the road, and head out to the farm to see another ex-girlfriend. I was with Ryn for most of ninth grade. We kissed and made out, never going below the waist. Neither one of us was ready for that, and besides, her dad had a collection of shotguns. Sex wasn’t worth getting shot back then. Now? If it’s stellar, I might be willing to get shot. Today is just about getting a kiss, but who knows what will happen after? I’m not Facebook friends with her, and she’s got a private profile, but her picture shows that she’s still gorgeous with her red hair and curves. I can’t wait to see her again.
As we pull onto her family’s property, I’m surprised to see so many people milling around. “Is there something going on today?” Bea asked.
“I don’t know. They used to have open house days, where the community could come out and see the animals, and buy pies and stuff. Maybe that’s going on today.”
“You don’t know? Does Ryn even know we’re coming?”
“No. I don’t have her number.”
“You could’ve gotten it. Or messaged her. I can’t believe we’re just showing up!”
“What’s the big deal? She liked you.” I don’t add that she was one of my only girlfriends to like Bea, because she already knows that. Chicks can be pretty catty and jealous when you have a female best friend.
“Let’s get this over with.”
We get out of the car and walk towards the barn, which is where everyone seems to be heading. I ask someone if they’ve seen Ryn, and the guy gives me a funny look before telling me she’s probably in the guest cabin on the property. Not exactly what I wanted to hear, since we’ll have to walk past the chickens and pigs. I’ve never been good with either of those animals—they probably sense that I want to eat them.
I give both pens a wide berth, and so does Bea—they never seemed to like her either—as we walk to the cabin. I hear giggling as we approach, and shrug when Bea looks my way. When the door opens after my knock, I see why all these people are here. There’s a wedding today.
“Kye!” Ryn says, stepping into view. Holy shit, she’s the bride!
“Ryn, wow. Congrats!”
“Thanks, but what are you doing here?”
The bridesmaids are all looking at me while they stand there in their hideous pink dresses. I can’t say I came here to kiss the bride, so I improvise. “I wanted to talk to you about something really quick. I didn’t realize today was the wedding.”
“Oh sure. We have a few minutes. Is it something private?”
I look around again. “Yeah, it kind of is.”
“Can everyone give us a couple of minutes?” she asks, but we can all tell she isn’t really asking.
I get a few glares, and more than one curious look as they go outside with Bea. Yeah, I need to get this kiss, and go. “Thanks.”
“What’s up?” she asks, coming over and rubbing my arm. “Were you upset to hear about me getting married? Hoping to change my mind?”
“Um, no. I’m happy for you, really. I just need a favor.”
“My mind can be changed,” she says, ignoring what I just said as she rubs against me like a cat.
Fuck! This is not going to end well. Not at all. I get an up close and personal view of her cleavage when I look down at her. Her dress is very low cut, and short. I’ve never seen a wedding dress so short before.
“A kiss. I just need a kiss!” I yelp as she grabs my junk.
“Just a kiss? I could suck too,” she says, reaching for my jeans again as I jump away from her. “The workers let me practice on them.”
“You probably shouldn’t tell your future husband that.”
“He knows. He used to be one of them, but I decided he was good enough in bed to let him marry me.”
Let him marry her? I’m two for three on the crazy with my exes. Was I really this stupid? Yeah, don’t want the answer to that one.
“Cool. Great. I just need a kiss on the mouth. Just one.”
She gives me a pout, and I’m thinking I should just abandon this and find another one. “You don’t want me?” Yep. Time to leave. Right now.
“I don’t mess around with women who are taken,” I tell her honestly. “I should go.”
“You’re not even gonna kiss me now?” she screeches, and I know they had to hear that outside.
“Okay, okay. One kiss,” I whisper.
I lean in and kiss her, but just as our lips touch, the door bangs open. It’s her mom, and I relax until I see the gun in her hand. “Oh no you don’t. I worked hard to make this wedding happen. Not city boy is going to ruin that for me!”
“I’m not. I swear it. I just wanted one last kiss. Our lips barely touched.”
“I want him, Momma.” No. Uh-uh. Just hell to the no.
She lowers the gun. “You gonna marry my baby.”
“No,” I say, and she raises the gun back up again.
“I’ll give you a five second head start.”
I don’t even wait for her to start counting. I run out the door, grab Bea’s hand and take off. We’ve just about cleared the pig pen when a bullet wings off the wood next to my head. The pigs charge, and their pen gives way as the run at us.
Bea trips over one, flying through the air as I watch in horror. She lands on a chicken, crushing it as she screams. The other birds start attacking her. It’s like watching a train wreck. I can’t move, but I can’t look away either.
“She killed a chicken,” screams a little girl, pointing at my best friend.
Bea looks up, feathers and mud stuck all over her, and the look on her face snaps me out of my daze. She’s not ready to cry, like you’d expect. Oh no. She looks like she wants to kill me, but she’ll have to wait in line. Another bullet zings past as the birds try and take flight. They know crazy, and we’re not the biggest threat right now.
I run for Bea, scooping her up in a fireman’s carry as I don’t break stride. I chance one look back, and see Ryn and her bridesmaids throwing punches as her mom struggles with the pigs, who have knocked her down. I slip a little on the wet grass, but manage to stay upright. Bea is smacking me on the back, over and over again, as I get us away.
I drop her to the ground when we get to the car, and she punches me. “Sometimes, I really hate you Kye.”
“I feel you,” I tell her.
Damn, this has to get easier. I still have seven more women to kiss, and I would really love to survive to the end. My Gramps is counting on me, and so is East. Plus, I have all those houses to build—or at least oversee. What the Hell have I gotten myself into?
IT’S ALWAYS BETTER TO GIVE
“It looks like things are coming along nicely.”
I turn from my table saw to face my Gramps. I wasn’t expecting him here today, but he knows he’s always welcome. Things are buzzing around here today—I hired several non-violent ex-cons who had construction backgrounds and needed work, and we’ve got five houses for Bea done already. They have to be moved to her land, and then hooked up with plumbing and electric, but the basics are done.
“I want her to have the houses as soon as possible.”
“If I was a different man, I’d tell you that spending your own money for a job, plus giving everyone as much overtime as they can handle, is not a smart business decision.”
“Lucky for me, you’re the man you are.”
He nods. “I am, and I couldn’t be prouder of you.”
“That means…well, I hope you know what that means.”
“I do. And I hope you’ll be happy to know that the bidding for a spot on our client list is up to $250,000 per spot. With two weeks still to go, I wouldn’t be surprised to see it get to a half million or more.”
I knew we’d get a lot for those four spots, but I didn’t think it would be that much. I’m speechless—just completely at a loss for words. Bea can do so much with this money, plus what I’m going to give her besides the houses. She doesn’t know about my additional donation—I’ll announce it the day her center opens.
“That’s just…wow, Gramps.”
“I have another idea I’d like to run by you.”
“Go for it.” I’m sure whatever he came up with will be epic.
“If I pitch in some extra cash, can you hire enough people to get these houses ready by the employee picnic?”
“That’s two and a half weeks away.”
“I know. I’ll pay whatever it takes.”
“It can be done if we hire about twenty-five more guys. But my houses aren’t the only buildings on the property that have to be built.”
“You let me worry about the rest. I’d like to have the picnic there. Our employees will be respectful, and East has given Bea the money to have the best security system and staff possible, so that won’t be a problem.”
“He didn’t tell me that,” I say, sounding a little angry.
“He hasn’t had the chance. Do you have a problem with him helping Bea?”
“No. Why would I have a problem with it?”
“Maybe you should kiss her.”
“Bea? I can’t kiss Bea. She’s…we’re…no, just no. I’m not kissing Bea.”
“Who said I’d kiss you anyway?” she asks from behind me.
Shit. Today is just my day for drop-in visitors. I turn to face her. “I didn’t mean it like that. You’re just—you’re Bea, my best friend.”
“I don’t even know why I’m here,” she says, looking at my Gramps as she now ignores me.
“I wanted to tell you that I’d like to have my employee picnic at your shelter.”
“My shelter is still a dream at this point.”
“Look around you, Bea. My boy here has been working day and night to get things going for you.”
“These…these are mine?”
“Yeah. Gramps is willing to chip in so I can hire more guys. We can be ready by the carnival.”
“I-I…thank you. Both of you. I don’t even know what more I can say. Just…thank you.”
“Does this mean I’m forgiven for Ryn?”
“Hell no,” she says, going from teary to angry in less than five seconds, which was my plan. I hate to see her cry. “I was attacked. Fucking attacked. By chickens!”
“Don’t forget the pigs. It was that pig’s fault—the one that tripped you—not mine.”
“I won’t ever forget the pigs, damn you! I couldn’t even eat bacon this morning, and you know how much I love bacon!”
“How is this my fault? I was being shot at by a crazy woman.”
“How is it your fault? Are you kidding me? You picked the ten women you wanted to go back and kiss! This is all on you, and how’s it working out for you, huh?”
“You know it’s not working out,” I grumble. “I still maintain that your own personal version of ‘When Animals Attack’ is not my fault.”
“This is great,” my Gramps says, laughing so hard that tears are flowing down his cheeks. I’d forgotten he was there with us until now.
“Great? Only one of the three women I’ve seen has been sane, and he’s not a woman anymore. I’d say my experiences so far have been anything but ‘great’.”
“You’re the one who dated them. You’ve never been one to go for the nice and sane girls. Oh no, you wanted fun. Now it’s come back to bite you in the ass.”
“No one has bitten me in the ass yet.” Thank God.
“There’s still time. You’ve got seven more. Good luck with them,” he tells me, chuckling and saluting me as he walks back to his truck.
“Don’t look at me,” Bea says. “I am not going on another kiss mission with you.”
“I haven’t even seen this one since Kindergarten. She was a sweet girl back then.”
“Yeah, uh-huh, sure. That’s what they all seemed like to you. No thanks.”
“Fine. I’ll take East.”
“You do that,” she says as she walks away. I don’t blame her. Not one damn bit.
KAPRICE OF MY HEART
Today is one kiss I’m really looking forward to. Kaprice was my first kiss, and if that didn’t make me feel something, I don’t know what will. She was only here for a few months when her parents came over from England to help my Gramps with some chocolate recipe. To this day, he swears they weren’t giving him secrets, but they did work for a big name in European chocolate before their trip, and they did leave here millionaires, so take that as you will.
Since the English school system is different than ours, she didn’t go to school with us, but I saw her almost every day after school. I never went to my house, because my “home” was with Gram and Gramps. Always was, and I fear that if I don’t find my “One”, it always will be, even though I technically have my own house now. Not a bad place to be, but love would be better. I know it, and yeah, I’ll even admit that I want it.
Maybe Kaprice is that woman for me, maybe not. It’s just plain luck that she’s in town right now. As one of the hottest supermodels in the world, tracking her down somewhere else in such a short amount of time would’ve been difficult. Even getting the five minutes with her tonight was hard. Thankfully, she remembered me and was curious enough to agree to give me that limited amount of time.
“This is so cool,” East says as we walk into the hotel where Kaprice’s photo shoot is happening.
“Dude, you knew her too. Knock off the fangirling.”
“I knew her when she was a cute little girl with dark chocolate colored skin and braids, not when she was making catwalks all over the world her bitch. If I wanted to be a woman, I’d be her. Hands down, no contest. I’d be Kaprice.”
“Okay, no,” I tell him, holding out a hand to stop him from walking any further. “We are never having that conversation. Never. And for the record, the fact that you want to be a woman I kissed is more than a little weird.”
“I wouldn’t kiss you if I were her. You may be rich and moderately hot, but she’s so far out of your league, it’s not even funny.”
“Thanks for that. No, really, I mean it. It’s not like you’re my best friend or anything. You shouldn’t tell me how great I am. How would that be helpful?”
“You are such an emotional baby sometimes.”
“You’re just plain mean. And you know I’m more than ‘moderately hot’, you asshole.”
He rolls his eyes. “I don’t even want to know the number of people who stereotype me as the emotional one in this relationship. If they only knew about how things really are.”
“Shut up. You get emotional, too. Let me live, man. Just let me live.”
“Somedays, it’s harder than others; let’s go Drama King. Your supermodel awaits.”
I stick out my tongue as I walk past him, because flipping him off would be too mature at the moment. If I’m going back in time, I might as well do it right. Old school to the max.
I see the security guys before I see Kaprice, but I know their presence means we’re in the right place. Once we give our names, and show our IDs, we’re allowed to pass. East is literally bouncing up and down as we watch the last few minutes of the shoot. I want to tell him to tone it down, but I don’t. At least one of us knows how to be a good friend right now.
“Kye? Is that really you?” Kaprice asks, as she walks off the set and gives me a big hug.
“I’m here too. It’s East. Do you remember me?” he asks, jumping up and down.
She looks at him, and then back at me. “Yes…I remember you East. How are you?”
“Good, good. You’re great. I mean, I love you. Your stuff. You know. Modeling.”
“He’s a fan,” I tell her with a shrug.
“I can see that. Am I safe?”
“What? I would never hurt you! You think I’d hurt you?”
“East, man, you’re bouncing like you need a hit of heroin. Chill,” I tell him before turning to her. “He’s harmless.”
“I am. No harm. None.”
“O-kay. I’ve only got a couple more minutes before I need to get to my club appearance. I’m glad you asked to meet, but was there something more you needed than just a meet and greet?”
“Oh yeah. Um, this is weird, but well, do you remember how my Gram used to do all that kiss research?”
“How could I forget? I loved your grandmother. How is she?”
“She died recently.”
“Oh no! Kye, I am so sorry,” she says, tearing up a little.
“Thanks. So I guess the reason I’m here is I need one from you for a mission or quest or whatever you want to call it.”
“If it was anyone else, I’d think this was a joke—or a hidden camera show—but I know she took kissing seriously. Since we were each other’s first, I’d expect to be on your list, I guess. How many girls from the past do you have to find and kiss?”
“Ten. You’re number four.”
“How were the other three?”
“Mostly scary.”
“Well then, welcome to the sane one.”
She leans in, I lean in, and then our lips touch. I cup her face as I take it a little deeper. No tongue when we were five, but I add some now. I’m only human, after all. Who doesn’t want to kiss the sexiest woman alive for two years running? Even if there’s nothing more than lust sparks flowing through me, and not love ones.
I hear the click of a camera, and then East screams. I pull back to see Kaprice’s security guys on top of him. “I only wanted a pic for my friend. I wasn’t going to sell it. I swear.”
“I don’t remember him being this crazy,” she tells me.
“It’s gotten worse with age,” I reply.
“Should we help him?”
“Probably. Thanks for the kiss, by the way.”
“It was nice.”
“It was.”
“Let him go, guys. He’s an old friend. He won’t post the pic,” she tells her guys.
“Thank you, Kaprice. From the bottom of my heart, thank you,” he says, kneeling at her feet.
I know I shouldn’t ask, but he is my best friend. “Can I take a quick pic of the two of you?”
Her eyes go wide, but I give her what I hope is a reassuring smile, and she nods. East is back on his feet, and tossing his phone to me before I can even tell him to get up. He puts his arm around her, and being the professional she is, she smiles like she’s happy about it. After, I hug her one more time, and thank her. For everything. Finally, I had a perfectly normal kiss. Not earth-shattering, but nice and normal. Maybe I did have some sense in the past. Maybe.
IN IT TO WIN…SOMETHING
The call from my mother is unexpected. She only calls around the holidays—all holidays—making sure I’ll look presentable for whatever she has planned for me. I generally go along with it all because there’s always booze at the club, or at someone’s beach house, or whatever. I’m not an alcoholic, but a little buzz can go a long way at a society function. We’re not near a holiday at the moment, so I don’t know why she’s summoning me now. In their own convoluted way, I know my parents love me, so like the loving son I am, I agree to meet them at the country club for dinner.
I can’t just be a good little boy, though, because what fun would there be in that? I pull up in my Charger, revving the engine when I have to wait for valet. The sneers I get are so very worth it. I’m also forgoing the designer suit and shoes for boots, jeans, and a plaid blazer over a wine colored button down—no tie. It’s all designer, of course, but not good enough for these people.
The whispers start as I walk into the dining room. The maître d nearly chokes on his tongue, but doesn’t say a word because he loves his Christmas bonus. My father looks like he might explode, but that’s his usual reaction to me, so I just smile.
“What are you wearing?” my mother asks in an angry whisper when I lean down to kiss her.
“Clothes.”
“Must you always embarrass us?”
“Yes.”
I nod at my dad, and then turn to take my seat. That’s when I see her—some random chick sitting in the other chair at our table. Well, this has just gotten a little more interesting.
“Hello Kye,” she says, holding out a limp hand for me to kiss. I shake it instead.
She may look hot in an ice princess type of way, but I don’t play nice with snobs. Even with a rack like hers, and long black hair that would look good on my pillow. Nope. Even I have standards, and club girls were so five years ago for me.
“Hey.”
“Chelsea has just moved to town, but we’ve known her family for years. You used to play with her on the beach.”
“Okay.”
“I heard you’re taking over the family business soon,” she says, biting her lip. Oh honey, stop trying so hard because this right here is not happening.
“I’m considering it.”
“Nonsense. There’s nothing to consider, Kye. It’s a family business, and since I’m too busy with other pursuits, you’re the only choice.”
Pursuits? He actually used that word? He’s making this too easy. “Pursuits? I didn’t know you were pursuing anyone—I mean anything—right now.”
We both know I mean what I said first, and he turns even redder. My mother just looks away because she’s been looking away for years. Chelsea wipes her mouth daintily, even though we haven’t even ordered yet, and I need a drink.
“I have some investments I’m looking into.”
Is it diamonds or maybe a car for his latest “investment” affair this time? It’s on the tip of my tongue to ask, but even I’m not that crass. “I’m sure you are.”
“I thought you could show Chelsea around the city,” my mother says, trying to bring things back on track.
“Sorry, but I’m working on a project for Bea that has to be done in a couple of weeks. I don’t have time for sightseeing.”
“You don’t have even a wittle time for me?”
Did she just say “wittle”? And in a baby voice? I remember that voice, and I remember this girl. Bringing me a “wife” is a new low, even for my parents, and I just reached my breaking point. “Honey, I’m going to give you some tips here, because I think you need them more than a tour.”
“Kye,” my father warns, but I ignore him like I always do.
“Number one, no one’s going to kiss your hand like you’re Queen Elizabeth, because you’re not. Two, biting your lip makes you look desperate. Three—and this is the most important, so listen closely—you are way to be old to be speaking like a baby. I am seriously turned off by that, and even your impressive tits aren’t enough to stop my dick from shrinking in on itself after that.”
“Kye!” my mother says as loudly as she can without causing a scene.
“Mother, please. I don’t know what the plan was, or actually yes I do. You thought I’d fall in love with Chelsea, we’d have a big fancy wedding to impress the masses, pop out some babies, and live happily ever after.”
“Well, yes. She’s very suitable.”
I look back over at her, recalling how we used to “play” on the beach. “She’s suitable to get on her knees and suck me off, but even that’s not an option now.”
I’m hit with a glass of cold water, and I laugh as it drips off my chin. “I wouldn’t do that!”
“Sure you wouldn’t.” She totally would, and she did. We both know it. “I’d say I’m sorry this didn’t work out, but I’m not. Mother, father, it’s been interesting as always, but please don’t call me unless you really want to spend time with me.”
I don’t even bother to wipe my face as I stand and walk away. I salute the maître d, who looks relieved to have me gone, and tip the kid at valet more than he’ll make all night from the tightwads inside. I’m not bothered by my parents and their disregard for me and my life. Not much, anyway.
KISSING COUSINS…
OR WERE THEY SISTERS?
“Why am I here? I said I wasn’t doing this again,” Bea says with a groan as we get out of East’s car.
“No. You said you wouldn’t help me go back in time again. Tonight is about new kisses,” I remind her.
“Semantics.”
“Truth.”
“Alright kids, let’s try to get along for one night,” East says, putting an arm around each of us as we walk into the party one of our college acquaintances is throwing for his new business venture.
“We get along fine.” Most of the time. Not lately, but that’s only temporary, or at least I hope it is.
“I’m going to find a drink…or fifty.” Bea tells us, moving away from me like I have some contagious disease.
“What’s her problem? She got attacked by some chickens. I was shot at.”
“You really don’t get it, do you?”
“Get what? What am I supposed to get?”
“We’ve talked about this. About you and Bea.”
“That’s not a thing.”
“Why not?”
“Because she’s Bea. Why would her and I ever be a thing?”
“Dude,” he says, his face going pale beneath his spray tan.
“What?”
“She was behind you,” he says, sighing heavily.
“Who?”
“Bea. She heard what you said.”
“So. She doesn’t think of me like that.” I turn around, but she’s gone. “Where is she?”
“Just…go find your kiss. I’ll take care of her. Just like always.”
“Always? Really? I’ve taken plenty care of her over the years, too.”
“I know…it’s just…I’ve gotta go. Text me when you’re ready to leave, and I’ll meet you at the door.”
“She’ll be okay, right? I mean, she knows I think she’s great, just not for me.”
“I’ll take care of her.”
I watch him walk away, and I have to fight the urge to run after him. Bea and I would never work. She’s too…perfect. There, I admitted it. I don’t think I deserve her, and like I’ve told myself before, what if I kissed her and there was nothing? It would ruin us both. I couldn’t live with myself if I ruined her. Not at all. I give myself a mental shake—for about the hundredth time since this all started—and prepare to get my drink, and lips, on.
Two hours later, I’m on a couch in a corner, with two women all over me. They take turns kissing my lips, and then my abs. I’m only semi-hard, but I’m blaming that on the alcohol, and not the company. Or the fact that I’m worrying about Bea.
“It’s time to go, Kye,” East says, standing over me.
The girls make whiny noises, which takes my semi down to none immediately. I don’t like whiny chicks. “This was fun, ladies, but I’ve gotta go. Have a great night,” I tell them, pulling down my t-shirt as I stand on wobbly legs.
“Are they twins?” Kye asks, as he helps me walk away.
“Dunno. I think they said sisters, or cousins, or who knows?”
“Always keeping it classy.”
“You know it.”
“Any sparks?”
“What do you think?”
“I think you wouldn’t have been making out with both if you’d felt something with one.”
“Exactly.”
“Where’s Bea?” I ask as we walk out, realizing she’s not with us.
“I put her in a cab about an hour ago.”
“Why didn’t you come get me? I would’ve left.”
“She told me not to interrupt your fun.”
“She knows I’m all about friends before hens.”
“That’s…that’s actually a pretty good one.”
“Thanks. Seriously, though—she’s good, right?”
“As good as she can get, yes.”
“Cool.”
I get into his car, and promptly fall asleep. I barely remember him waking me inside my house, but it’s not the first time I’ve gotten drunk, so I don’t feel too bad. I’ve held him up more than once, and I’m sure I’ll be doing it again. Like I said, friends before hens any day or night of the week.
ADELINE AND SOME WINE
I can clean up pretty well, but I’ll never be called “metro” by anyone. My hands are calloused, my skin isn’t soft, and I prefer my boots to my loafers. Yet, here I am, in a wine bar. And yes, this is most definitely for kiss number five. The lovely Adeline is a bartender here, which I guess shouldn’t be too surprising since she sure loved to drink the wine at church.
I’m not even kidding with that. She’d grab the chalice, and take a gulp—even at eight years old, she was lushing it up. Never mind that it was Holy at that point, and represented the Blood of Christ. You’d think that would gross her out, or at least that’s what her parents, our priest, and everyone else thought. Nope. Didn’t work. That girl just loved her wine.
Being the deviant I was, I thought it was cool, especially when we hit our teens. I took her to a Homecoming Dance, scored one of my first Home Runs afterwards, and smirked every time I saw her down the Holy wine after that. Good times were had by all, and then we moved on.
I lost track of her after high school, because I’ve been working on finding my own path with God since then—outside of organized religion. My parents hate it, but they can’t force me to go, and now that Gram is gone, I don’t know that I’ll ever take part in any church service again. I believe in God, and I think all places of worship are beautiful, but it’s just not for me.
Getting back to Ade, I ran into her mother last week at the grocery store—well, okay, she cornered me in the frozen aisle—and she told me about her daughter’s “disgraceful” job. I already had her on my list, so here I am.
The bar is busy, which gives me a couple of minutes to check out Ade before she sees me. She’s dyed her hair jet black and pink, which actually suits her. Paired with her sleeves of tattoos, and black tee and mini-skirt, she’s totally rocking her vibe. Sexy, hot, and bad-ass. I like it.
“Kye?” she asks, finally noticing me.
“Hey, Ade. Long time, no see.”
“Yeah, well, we both got what we needed and moved on.”
Hell yeah. This is already off to a great start. “True. How have you been?”
“Good. I like it here, and I only see my parents once a week, so yep, I’m pretty happy.”
“Cool.”
“I’d ask how you are, but like everyone else in this city, I see you in the news almost every day.”
I shrug. “I don’t know why me going to a party or fundraiser is news.”
“I particularly enjoyed the pics of you kissing boys.”
“Ah yes, one of my finer moments.”
“It’s cool that you’re not embarrassed by that.”
“If I was going to be embarrassed by something, I just wouldn’t do it. So I kissed some guys? I don’t think it’s a big deal. If other people do, that’s their problem.”
“I agree. I must admit that I’m a little surprised to see you here. I didn’t think was your scene.”
“It’s not,” I readily admit. “I came here to see you.”
“Me? Why would you want to see me after all these years?”
“I need to kiss you.”
“Come again.”
“No, not that. Just a kiss,” I say with a smirk.
“Always charming, but my panties are staying on around you.”
“Pity. In all seriousness, though, I do need a kiss. Just one. It’s for a quest my Gram and Gramps came up with.”
“Ah, of course. Your Gram and her kisses.”
“I really think she’d be proud to know that everyone remembers her for the kisses.”
“I think you’re right.”
“So can I? Kiss you?”
“I should say no, but why not? It’s just one kiss.”
“Great. Thanks.”
She leans over the bar, and I meet her lips with mine. It only lasts a few seconds, but that’s long enough. Both for me to realize she’s not the one I’m looking for, and also for me to get a bottle of wine poured over my head. Well, mine and Ade’s.
“What the hell?” she yells as she moves away from me.
“You cheating bitch! And with a man!” a gorgeous woman with pink and blonde hair screams at her. They are like mirror images—one light and one dark—and I’m guessing they’re together outside of work as well.
“It was just a kiss. I wasn’t cheating,” Ade says, cleaning herself off with a towel.
“Do you have one of those for me?” I ask, earning a glare from both of them. “No? Okay, well I’ll be on my way. Good to see you, Ade, and thanks for the kiss.”
“See you? You know him?”
“We fucked in high school. No big deal,” I say, trying to make things better, which apparently I didn’t.
“Just a kiss, huh? With an old fuck. I can’t believe this.”
Now a glass full of wine hits the side of my face, and I don’t have to look to know it’s Ade. “Thanks, Asshole.”
“First, I didn’t know you had a girlfriend when I asked you for the kiss. And second, can everyone please stop throwing wine on me. I don’t even fucking like wine!”
I pull my t-shirt off, so I can use it to wipe my face. When I look up again, the two of them are just staring at me. Well, my abs. They’re both looking at my abs while they lick their lips. Um…
“I should get going.”
“You don’t have to,” Ade’s girlfriend says. “We won’t throw more wine on you—unless we can lick it off.”
“Uh…no thanks. I really need to go. Have a great day. Bye.”
“Are you sure? We know how to appreciate a man. We’ve never had any complaints.”
“I’m sure you haven’t, but I’m not really into that. Thanks for offering, though!”
I don’t look back as I practically fall out the door of the bar. How does this shit happen to me? I’m a nice, normal, hetero guy. I’ve had a threesome or ten, but they were all while I was drunk or well on my way there. A college rite of passage, or whatever you want to call it. Sorority sisters, or real sisters—never people dating each other, or with anyone I was dating. That’s just not cool, at least not as far as I’m concerned. Apparently, others don’t share my moral high ground, but hey, to each their own. As long as they leave me alone, that is.
A LICK, A SUCK, BUT NOT A…KISS
I freeze when I walk into my home office a couple of days after the wine bar. Bea is standing in front of my West window, looking out at the progress we’re making on the last ten houses. The rest have been delivered to the site already, and crews are working to get them set up, while my builders and I finish these. It’s not worry over what she’s thinking that stops me in my tracks—it’s her.
Her and the pink dress she’s in. Unlike the one from her party, this one is more coral colored, with an off the shoulder neckline that falls low enough to show a hint of her breasts. The skirt is flirty, and not straight, and all rational thought leaves me as I move to her side.
She starts to turn to me, but I reach out and hold her in place. “Kye? What are you doing?”
“I don’t know,” I tell her, because it’s the truth.
I nudge her hair—which looks like waves of honey, but smells like vanilla—out of the way with my nose, and place a kiss on her left shoulder. Then another on her neck. I rain kisses up and down her neck, shoulder, and ear as she moans my name, and my cock gets hard. She turns her head to try and capture my lips with hers, but I pull away.
“No kissing on the lips Bea. Please, just let me kiss the rest of you.”
She looks like she wants to argue, but she just nods. I pull us away from the window and set her on my desk. I place a kiss on her collarbone, and then step away to lock the door, and close all the blinds and curtains around the room. She’s leaning back on her hands when I come back to her.
“So beautiful,” I murmur as I unzip her dress, and pull it down to her waist. She’s in a sheer coral strapless bra, and I run the back of my hand over her nipples, which are already pebbled and ready for me. “How did I not see you before? See how fucking beautiful you are?”
“Kye,” she pleads.
“I’ve got you, Bumble. This won’t change anything. Nothing will ever change between us. You’re my best friend forever and ever. Just lie back and let me worship you.”
She starts to say something, but stops when I wrap my lips around her nipple. Her bra is still on, and the added friction seems to be working for her as she arches her back. I know it will chafe if I leave it on too long, so I reach behind her, and take it off. Once she’s bare, I feast.
Licking, sucking, and biting softly on her nipples and the flesh of her breasts is fast becoming one of my favorite things to do. I could do this all day, but I want more and so does she.
“More, Kye. More.”
I slide my hands beneath her skirt, and then the doorknob jiggles. “Kye, what the hell? Why is your door locked?” East yells.
“Shit,” I whisper as I pull my hands back, and yell to the door. “Just a sec, man.”
“What’s the big deal, Kye? We’re all adults,” Bea says.
“You’re kidding, right? You have to hide in the closet.”
“What? No way.”
“Yes. Now. Get in the damn closet.”
“I hate you right now.”
I hate me too when I see that I’ve really hurt her, but this was all a mistake. One I don’t want broadcast to my other best friend. “Please, Bea.”
She gives me one last glare before grabbing her bra and walking into the closet, making sure to slam the door hard. Great. I wipe my mouth with some tissues to make sure there’s no lipstick on me, and then I open the door.
“What the hell, man? Were you in here jacking off?”
That sounds good right about now since I’m still hard. “Maybe.”
“What if Bea had walked in on you?”
“Bea?”
“Yeah. Her car’s outside. I thought maybe she had come inside to see you.”
“No. I haven’t seen her,” I say, looking down at some random papers on my desk, because I can’t look him in the eye while lying.
“I can see that. Let’s go look for her.”
“Why?”
“Why? Um, because if she’s here, she’s probably looking for you.”
“Oh. Yeah. Probably.”
“Do you pull your dick too hard or something? You’re acting weirder than normal.”
“Nah. Just have a lot on my mind.”
“Like five more kisses?”
“Yep. You’re still coming with me tomorrow, right?”
“Wouldn’t miss this one.”
“Great. Well, I guess we should go look for Bea, and then I have to get back to work.”
We walk out, and I force myself to not look back, because what happened in my office can never happen again. Thank God I didn’t kiss her. Things are already gonna be weird, but that would’ve sealed the deal, so to speak. And we’d both be losing at that point. I really need to finish these kisses, and then I need to get laid. There’s no other explanation for why I just did what I did on my desk. And yeah, I’m going to keep telling myself that until I believe it.
PENELOPE FOR YOUR THOUGHTS
“Are we going to talk about what happened with you and Bea?”
I almost spit out my drink when East asks me the question, but recover enough to swallow before I sputter out my answer. “What are you talking about?”
“Really? You’re going to play dumb?”
Yep. That’s me, playing dumb as a doornail. “I was under the impression you always think I’m dumb.”
“Nah, only about 78% of the time. Quit deflecting. Bea wouldn’t even look at you yesterday when we finally found her, and I’m pretty sure she’s the one who egged your car last night. I swear I saw her running from your driveway when I opened the front door.”
Oh. That. Yeah, she was pissed, and I’m completely sure my car was all her. I probably deserved it, but in this one instance, I’m choosing to be the sensible friend. “I really don’t know,” I answer, looking out the window instead of at him.
“That’s how you’re going to play this?”
It’s not completely a lie, actually. I don’t know why Bea is so mad. Both of us were in that room, going too far. I haven’t seen her tits since we were ten, but she wasn’t complaining when I had my hands and mouth on them, so how can she be mad now? Honestly, I’m getting a little angry at the moment.
“I have no fucking clue, so can we just drop it, and get on with my kiss?”
“You know whatever it is, it’s your fault.”
“Just shut the fuck up, and drive.”
Of course it’s my fault. Perfect Beatrice could never be to blame. Why don’t we just erect a statue in her honor? Or even one on every corner. Queen Bea. Saint Bea. Beautiful and sexy Bea. Wait, what? Yeah, I really need to get kissed—and laid.
We pull up to the University a few minutes later. It’s kind of weird to park in the visitor’s lot instead of the student spaces, but it doesn’t make me feel any more grown up. Even if the woman I’m going to see is more grown-up than any of the others.
Penelope was my English 101 professor, and believe me, she taught me more than comma placement. A hell of a lot more. Damn, just thinking about it makes me a little hot. Not hot enough to go there again, but the memories are pretty stellar.
When I walk into her outer office, I see the new “me.” A good-looking young guy who has a cocky smile on his face when he acknowledges our presence. Yeah, we know—we’re too old for the good professor. She’s equal opportunity when it comes to race, religion, and even political views, but anyone older than a freshman is a no-go for her.
“Can I help you?”
“We’re here to see Penelope.”
“She’s busy.”
“No she’s not. I have an appointment. Now go ahead and call her like a good little boy.”
“I’m not a boy!”
“You’re her boy.”
He starts to sputter, but East puts his hand up to stop him. “He was one of hers a few years ago, too. No shame in the game, dude, just tell her we’re here.”
“Him?”
“Yes, me, you little shit. Call her, or I’ll call her myself. If you’ve been with her for more than a day, you’ll know she doesn’t like to be kept waiting. If we tell her you kept us out here, you might just be replaced by the time we leave.”
“She won’t take you back!”
“Well, duh. I’m not a freshman.”
“If I was going to make an exception for anyone, it would possibly be you, Kye.”
I turn to my old lover. “We both know that won’t happen, but thanks for the ego boost.”
“Come on in, boys,” she tells us, and then turns back to the kid at the desk. “He’s right, you know. I may just have to replace you.”
“But--,”
“You can try to keep your place once we’re done. Start thinking about what you can do to convince me to keep you. Think hard.”
“Damn, you’re cold,” East tells her once we’re in her office.
“And that surprises you, Easton?”
“Not at all.”
“Good. I’d hate to think I judged wrong in your case.”
“Nope. Your judgement’s spot on, Prof.”
“Glad to know I’ve still got it.”
“Oh you do,” I tell her, giving her trim figure an appreciative glance.
“I was actually going to call you later this week. I had a favor to ask.”
Oh yeah. Kiss and get laid. Done and done. “I guess we’ll be trading favors. Again.”
“Not like that,” she tells me with a smile.
“There go all my hopes and dreams.”
“You knew the rules back then, and you know them now.”
“I do,” I admit. “So, ladies first. What do you need?”
“I’ve been thinking lately about writing a book.”
“A novel?”
“Yes, and no. I want to write a book to help other women of a certain age find the joy I have with younger men. I might disguise it as a novel so I can keep my job, but then again, maybe I’ll be brave and do a tell all. What do you think?”
Well, shit. Wasn’t expecting that. “I would say that in the interest of keeping your job, and staying out of jail, you should probably fictionalize it.”
She sighs dramatically. “I know, dammit! It’s just that your name alone would bring me a ton of readers.”
Whoa there, lady. “You can’t use my name! You want to use my name?”
“I was thinking about it. You really won’t let me?”
“No. Sorry, but no.”
“You haven’t asked me for your favor yet. What if I want to use your name in exchange for it?”
Double fuck, with no fuck on top. “My favor isn’t that big a deal.”
“What is it?”
“A kiss.”
“You want me to kiss you?” she asks, eyes narrowed.
“Or I’ll kiss you. Or we meet in the middle.”
“You’re not a freshman.”
“So we can’t fuck. I know.”
“I don’t kiss older men, either.”
“Come on, Penny. It’s just a kiss.”
“And your name is just a name.”
“Cold-hearted bitch,” East says, a touch of respect in his voice. “I know I already said it, but damn.”
“You didn’t judge me wrong, either,” she tells him with a wink.
I can’t let her use my name, but I don’t have time to find another kiss, either. So, I just go for it. I grab her, kiss her lightly, and let her go. She slaps me, which I totally expected. Also, as expected, I felt nothing. I blow her a kiss and run out the door before she can call security.
NOT A CHANCE
“I can’t believe you’ve done all of this in such a short time,” East says as we survey the installation of the next wave of houses on Bea’s land.
“Money talks,” I remind him.
With the extra people I was able to hire, we’ve got fifteen of the houses done already. The electricians, plumbers, and interior designers are at work on those, while the other five are being worked on back at my place. The communal buildings are almost done, and so is the playground. It’s all coming together, and I couldn’t be happier for Bea.
“This is so cool, though. It’s her dream, and even if she’s mad at you right now, you’re a big part of it.”
“So are you. I know you donated a big chunk of your change.”
He shrugs. “Like I wouldn’t help our girl out.”
Our girl? She’s not ours. She’s…not mine. What the fuck is wrong with me? Since when did I start going caveman over anyone, especially Bea. I seriously just wanted to punch my best friend over a chick. My gay best friend.
Maybe I should go out and fuck someone before I finish these kisses. I thought I should wait until I see if there really is a magic kiss, but I’m apparently going insane. I jack off every day—to images of Bea’s tits, which tells me I’ve lost it. It must not be enough.
I didn’t know a back-up of sperm could do that to you, but I’ve got nothing but that. I need a willing pussy, or even a mouth. Something to stick my dick into. Yeah, that’s the answer.
“Kye? Earth to Kye!”
“Huh?” I ask, looking over to see both East and Bea looking at me like I’m nuts, which we’ve already established I am.
“Bea asked if she could talk to you for a few minutes.”
“Oh, sure. Yeah. Of course.”
“Let’s go into my temporary office.”
“Okay.”
“I’ve got to get back to the office, but I’ll catch you at the airport later.”
“See you there.”
I follow Bea into the small trailer she’s using until she figures out where she wants to set up permanently. She locks the door once we’re inside, and it makes me feel a little uneasy. I wouldn’t put it past her to kill me. Okay, maybe not kill since we’re still BFFL, but she might hurt me.
“Where are you flying to?” she asks, catching me off guard as she steps right up into my personal space.
“Huh?” I ask, stunned when she slides her hands over my abs.
“You’re flying somewhere with East?”
Her hands have pushed my shirt up and she’s scraping her nails over the ridges of my muscles, which is sending all the blood in my body straight to my cock. A few inches lower, and she’ll be feeling how affected I am by her. I need to focus. Focus on her question. That’s it.
“We’re going to Orlando. London is working there now.”
“London?” she asks, stepping away.
Her hands are gone. That’s good. No, it’s not good. I want her hands back. Nice hands. Bad hands. I grab my head to stop my thoughts. I can’t do this. This is Bea. Bea is not spank bank fodder. Bea is most definitely spank bank fodder. Damn it all to Hell.
“Of course I’m going to see London. I was engaged to her for God’s sake.”
“You don’t have to remind me.”
“I think I do. I think I need to remind you of a lot of things. Like that best friends don’t fondle each other’s abs.”
“You had not trouble ‘fondling’ my breasts the other day. It’s only fair that I get to touch you, too.”
“No. It’s not. We both know what happened in my office was wrong.”
“I don’t know that. I want you, Kye. Don’t tell me you don’t feel the same. I can see how hard you cock is.”
“It could ruin everything.”
“Or it could be the best thing ever.”
“I can’t take that chance. Not with everything on the line. East wants the job—he needs the job. I have to finish these ten kisses and let him have his dream. Then I can live mine.”
“Without me,” she says bitterly.
“Never without you, Bumble. Never. I couldn’t live without you in my life.”
“But you won’t be with me. You won’t take a chance on me. What if I was the one you’re looking for?”
“We’ve never kissed.”
She starts to say something, but stops to take a deep breath. “Maybe it’s not an old kiss. I could be a new one.”
“Or you couldn’t,” I say, quietly. “or I couldn’t be ‘yours.’ Either one of those scenarios would hurt us both. I won’t take that chance.”
“Since when are you the sensible friend?”
“Since now.”
I pull her into my arms, and hold her tight as she clings to me. I know I made the right choice here, but it sucks because I do want her. God, do I want her. Not having her is right—and smart—but that doesn’t mean it’s easy.
LONDON IS CALLING…AND CALLING
London. What can I say about London? She’s blond and beautiful. Short and sporty. Crazy and crazy. Yeah, that about sums it up.
We met during the summer before we all started college. East and I thought it would be fun to pretend we were rough and tumble mountain men, so we camped our way across Canada. In a luxury RV, of course, but we had no cell service sometimes, so yeah, roughing it.
Anyway, we woke up one morning to London stripping next to the lake we’d parked by. It was a glorious sight for me, and even East admitted she was nicely built. Lean and sexy. Oh yeah, the sex. It was awesome. Blew my little boy mind—until Penelope of course.
She hopped in the RV, and the rest is history. Okay, not history exactly. Long story short, we fucked a lot, and in my sex addled teenage brain, I mistook that for love, and proposed. At another lake. With no ring. While I was naked, and erect. Yep, I’m really that classy. Or at least I was.
I was also a dumb-ass, which I realized less than ten minutes later when my “country” girl started talking Chanel, Jimmy Choo, and Tiffany. Turns out she was from a big city in Ontario, and had spotted East flashing his Rolex at a rest stop. She was with friends, heading to the lake to party. Just our luck she found our RV, and just my luck that East isn’t into pussy.
I ain’t saying she’s a…okay, yeah, I’m saying it. She’s a fucking gold digger. Banshees are more quiet than the sound that came out of London when I told her I’d made a mistake. Her father—the lawyer—got involved, money changed hands, and Bea flew out to defend my honor, if need be. I kind of wanted to see that, but once London got her check, she rode off into the sunset behind the wheel of her BMW.
I haven’t seen or heard from her since, and I never intended to cross paths with her again. Until now. No matter how stupid I was, I did ask her to marry me, and so I have to kiss her again. I’ve got my checkbook with me, if need be, but I’m hoping she’ll let me plant one on her for old time’s sake. Even though she’s working at a theme park—yeah, I’m still stupid at times.
“I have a lock on the target,” East says, lowering his shades.
“Just because you fucked that Marine last week, doesn’t mean you get to talk like you’re a badass.”
“Excuse me, I’m a good-ass, thank you very much.”
“TMI. Why do I have to keep explaining that to you?”
“Because I ignore pretty much everything you say.”
“No kidding,” I grumble, and then look across the crowd to the Canada Pavilion here at EPCOT.
Yep, there she is. Still blond and beautiful, but this time, I can spot the fake from across a sea of tourists. If she turns out to be the one, I may just have to jump into the damn lake during the light show, and let electricity take its course. Not even joking.
I square my shoulders and start walking. “Let’s get this over with.”
London’s eyes go wide when she sees me. “Kye! You’re here.”
“Um, yeah.”
“I thought you might have changed your phone number.”
I did. “Oh, did you call me?”
“Only like a thousand times. I miss you.”
Maybe I won’t wait for the kiss to jump into that little lake behind me. Drowning may be a good alternative to what I’m afraid is about to happen. Why me? Why the fuck me?
“That’s nice to hear. How have you been?”
“Nice? I call and call and you don’t call back and it’s ‘nice’?”
“I didn’t know you’d called me,” I answer truthfully, while looking to East and silently yelling “Crazy train—incoming” at him.
“You did get a new number!” I nod. “Can I have it?”
Shit. “No. Sorry.” Not sorry.
“No? After how I let you violate me for that week?”
And here we go. “You were well paid for that week.”
“Paid? Are you a prostitute? Mommy says prostitutes are nasty,” a pre-teen girl asks her as I suck in a breath. Not the child. Please God, don’t let her kill a child.
The banshee yell comes out, and security comes running. I jump in front of the kid and make eye contact with her frantic mother. “Go. Save yourself. Go!”
“I am not a hooker,” the crazed one yells.
“I know, London. You’re a great girl. She didn’t mean it. Let’s just calm down and talk like the adults we are.”
Security is circling us, and she’s twitching like an addict. For all I know, she is an addict. I gave her seven figures, and six years later, it’s gone. She’s addicted to something. It may be shoes, but I’m not taking that chance as I slowly move back behind the nearest guard.
“No one wants me. No one. I have the best Barbie collection in the world, but no one cares. They think it’s stupid.”
She spent my hard-earned—or not—money on Barbie dolls? I have no skills in the judgement department. None. I know that now, and I accept it. I’ll worry about the ramifications of my self-enlightenment later. Right now, I still need a kiss. Why, oh why do I still need a kiss?
She’s a sobbing mess as the guards gently guide her out from behind her cash register. This is my one and only chance. I mentally prepare myself for it—praying again that I feel nothing—and then just step in front of her.
“Sir, you need to move.”
“Just one moment,” I tell him, and turn to her. “I hope you have a good life, London. Don’t call me.”
As she opens her mouth, I swallow her scream with my lips over hers. My whole throat vibrates, but that’s all I feel. Thank you, God, Mary, Jesus, and Joseph. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I back up and turn away. I’m done with that—with her, for good now.
AROUND THE WORLD
BEFORE HITTING THE GROUND
“Here,” East says, handing me a beer. “You definitely need this.”
“Where did it come from? Did you sneak it in?” I whisper, looking around at the families who have gone back to shopping now that the spectacle is over. Some are giving me a wide berth, but that’s cool.
“Yeah, I snuck in Canadian beer so we could drink it in the Canadian Pavilion.”
“Really?”
“No, not really dipshit. I know I want your job, but I’m starting to really worry about you. This kiss quest is frying your brain.”
“It is,” I agree.
“Lucky for you they have alcohol at every pavilion.”
“Every one?” I ask, looking at my beer with a new-found reverence.
“Yep. You up for a drinking game like no other?”
“Hell to the fucking yes, kemosabe.”
“Don’t call me that. Ever. And don’t fly free with the f-bombs unless you want to get us kicked out. This is a family place.”
“With booze. Me likey.”
“I can’t,” he says, swigging some of his beer. “I just can’t.”
I down my beer, and grab a scarf. Who cares if it’s summer? I’m alive and today that’s a miracle. Time to drink and celebrate life.
After our beer, we head next door to the pub. One Welsh Dragon, and a kiss from a barmaid later, and we’re on our way to France for alcoholic slushes. Vive le France, my friends. I kiss two girls—and a boy—before skipping to Morocco. Yeah, I’m a little tipsy, but why not?
Sangria for me in Morocco, plus a twirl around my own dance floor with one of the workers. He didn’t appreciate it when I dipped him, but the tourists cheered. Alrighty, then. Japan has me angling through the shops, where I put a Kimono on and head to the back, getting some potent sake that has me tripping a little on my way out.
In the good old America, East makes me eat some appetizers with my craft beer, and drink some water. He may be on to something, since I feel a little steadier as I claim a kiss from the girl at the table next to us. Italy brings me red wine, which I end up spilling on my shirt, but who cares at this point? The buzz is strong in this one, and I’m not feeling much of anything as I move on with my chocolates held close to my chest so East doesn’t try to steal them. He’s sneaky like that, or maybe it’s just the alcohol talking.
Germany gets my dancing feet going again as I down a Jager shot, and kiss every woman I see. The granny grabs my fanny when I kiss her. Ha! A rhyme. I’ve still got it. Alcohol can’t beat me. The African post has me downing another draft, and grabbing a safari hat. I’m rocking this international look, let me tell you.
I’m already loopy, so I go for a juice and shot concoction with that word in the title when I get to China. I fan myself with a fan—and lean on East as we head North. Haha. East, North—I’m hilarious.
“You’re fucked up, is what you are,” he tells me. Oh, I guess I said that out loud. Oops.
I giggle. Yeah, that’s right, I giggle because men do it too on occasion as we reach Norway. I want to go on the ride, but the attendant glares, so I just stick my tongue out at him instead. Another shot, and I’m starting to hate standing. Mexico is last, and the margarita is to die for, and I almost do. Die, that is.
I get a tap on my shoulder, and I turn to see the girl I kissed in America. Wait, we’re still in America, aren’t we? I look around, and okay, I guess we flew to Mexico.
“Hi, baby. Did you enjoy the flight?”
I hear my slurred words, and then I’m on the ground. I didn’t fall, but I’m on the ground, and my head hurts. Oh wait, I think someone hit me. Maybe that guy standing over me with the pissed off look on his face. The girl who came to Mexico with me pulls him back and they walk away. “Bye bye,” I yell, and then it all goes black.
SCARLETT HAS BLOOMED
I’m running out of time. The picnic is in less than a week, and while all of the houses are done and being made pretty inside, I have three kisses left. Hopefully, they’ll be uneventful, because from what I remember—and what I’ve seen on the video East showed me—I was not on my best behavior in Florida. Yeah, I had a reason, and yeah, the sneaky bastard suggested it so he could make his damn video, but ultimately, I did it. Me.
I used to think I was pretty good at owning up to my bad behavior, but all these kisses and where they’ve led me have made me realize that there’s more I should be taking credit—and blame—for. No time like the present to start that, which is why I’m here alone today.
Scarlett is the one woman I would be happy to feel something for. Born with Cerebral Palsy, she had lost the use of most of her muscles when we met in eighth grade. I thought she was beautiful then, and I still think it now. I took her to the dances, kissed her sweetly at her door, and held her hand as I walked next to her wheelchair in school. I was never in love with her, but her heart called out to mine, and I answered. Her illness got worse, and she had to be placed in a home after that year, but she’s never lost her great spirit. She is the bravest person I know, and I’ll protect her until the day I die.
I’ve visited this home often, because just like East and Bea, she’ll always be my friend, and a part of my life. The receptionist smiles when she sees me, but asks me to wait before going to Scarlett’s room. I put my flowers down on the counter, and wait for the nurse to arrive.
“Kye, it’s been too long.”
“I know, Natasha,” I tell her as I give her a hug. “I had a big project this month and this is the first time I could get away.”
It’s been a month, but not much happens in a month. Except when it does. “She’s got a boyfriend.”
“What?”
“He’s a sweet boy. Very protective of her.”
“He’s a resident?”
“Yes. It’s a good thing, Kye.”
“I agree. I’m happy for her.”
“I knew you would be. I just wanted you to be prepared for when she tells you. She’s so excited.”
“Thank you.”
We walk down the hall, and I hear Scarlett’s laugh as we near her door. I peek in to see her sitting with a guy around our age. He’s holding her hand, and I can see the love in his eyes. I’ll admit I choke up a little, and have to step back to compose myself.
Natasha squeezes my shoulder. “It’s a beautiful thing.”
“It is,” I agree, wiping my eyes, and putting a smile on my face as I walk into the room.
“Kye!”
“Hi beautiful. How’s my favorite girl today?”
“She is my girl,” the guy answers.
“Is she now? Did you go and fall in love on me, Scarlett?”
She giggles as she tries to nod. “We’re getting married.” Her speech is slurred, but I’ve always heard her loud and clear.
“You’re going to treat her right, aren’t you?” I ask the guy.
“Yes.”
“Then I’m happy for both of you. I’m Kye,” I tell him, holding out my hand.
“My name is Lance.”
“Good to meet you, Lance.”
“Will you come to the wedding, Kye?”
“Nothing could keep me away.”
“Good. I want you to be my maid of honor. You’re my best friend, so that’s your job.”
“It is, and I’m honored. Can I pick the color of my dress?”
She laughs again. “You don’t have to wear a dress.”
“I would for you.”
“Kye would do anything for me,” she tells Lance, and I nod. I totally would.
“Can I give you a kiss to congratulate you?” I ask, looking at Lance.
“Just one kiss,” he says.
“Just one,” I agree.
“Okay, Kye,” she tells me.
I lean over and kiss her gently. I feel love, but not in love, and nothing earth-shattering. It’s what I’ve always felt for Scarlett, and I’m genuinely happy for her. She deserves to be loved.
“I’m going to let you get back to the planning, but you have the nurses call me if you need help with anything. I’m throwing you a shower of course, and we’ll go dress shopping, but if you think of anything else, you call.”
“I need a bachelorette party!”
“O-kay. I’ll get to work on that.” I do not want to think about male strippers, and penis necklaces, but for Scarlett, yeah, I’ll ask East where the best ones are. “Love you.”
“Love you too, Kye.”
I kiss her forehead and walk to the door. Lance surprises me by following me out. “Can I talk to you. Is that okay?”
“Sure.”
I’m not sure what’s caused him to be placed here. I’m thinking it’s some type of Autism, but it doesn’t seem too severe, and I want to know more. I want to know who put him here. I can’t be angry about it, because he found Scarlett, but I don’t like it, either.
“I want to support Scarlett. I need a job. Do you have a job I could do?”
“I’m sure I do. Can you leave here, or do you want to work in your room here?”
“I can leave. They said I could leave when I was eighteen, but I didn’t want to leave Scarlett.”
I raise an eyebrow at that. “You’ve been courting her for six years?”
“No,” he says, smiling at me. “She’s been my girlfriend for seven years. She didn’t want to hurt your feelings, so we kept it a secret.”
I laugh, because that is one of the best things I’ve ever heard. “No worries, and I can definitely find a job for you to do. Anyone who can keep a secret for that long is someone I want working for me.”
“Thanks, Kye. I’ll work hard.”
“I know you will.”
I give him a fist bump, and call my secretary as I leave. I let her know the situation, and she promises to stop by the home with some of her work. She sounds relieved, which I’m sure she is. Building Bea’s houses has made extra work for all of us, and while I won’t apologize for it, I like knowing I can lighten her load while helping Lance. And oh yeah, I’m going to be the best damn maid of honor there ever was.
A HOUSE IS NOT ALWAYS A HOME
“Hey, man, what are you doing out here?” East asks me as he walks into my outdoor workspace.
“Working.”
“I can see that. You know it’s almost midnight, right?”
No, I actually didn’t know. I’ve been at it for hours, the lights come on automatically when I’m working, and I can’t remember when I last ate something. “I need to finish this for Bea.”
“I thought all her houses were done and being finished on-site.”
“They are, but she needs an office.”
“I didn’t know she asked you for one.”
“She didn’t, but she needs one, so I’m making it.”
“Can I help?” I look up and arch an eyebrow at him. “I could hand you stuff.”
“The wrong stuff, but thanks for asking. I’m doing this one all on my own.”
“Is there a reason for that?”
“I told you—she needs an office. Why shouldn’t it be another house? There’s space.”
“There’s no other reason you’re doing this—all by yourself.”
Of course there is. “Nope.”
“Does this have to do with Scarlett getting married?”
“What?”
“You’re losing one of the girls who’s always held you above all other guys. What if Bea’s next?”
“I’m not losing Scarlett. I couldn’t be happier for her. As for Bea, is she dating someone I need to know about?”
He shrugs. “I saw her out to lunch with that Shane guy today. They looked pretty cozy.”
I grab the piece of wood I was working on and fling it across the lot, before bracing my hands on my work table. “Fuck.”
“She told me, you know.”
“Told you what?”
“All of it.”
“All…shit. I thought that was just between the two of us.”
“Well, one of you remembers there’s another best friend in this trio.”
“It’s not about you being my best friend. I-I know it was wrong, and I didn’t want to hear you say it. Or get pissed off with me for messing with Bea.”
“I’m only pissed off because you told her there’s no chance for the two of you, which is bullshit.”
“I can’t lose her over sex.”
“You’re lying to yourself now if you think all you want is sex from Bea. Kiss her, Kye.”
“No. I won’t take that chance. She means too much to me.” She means everything to me.
“Your grandparents didn’t come up with the kiss thing to make you miserable. They wanted you to be happy. Can you honestly say that being with Bea wouldn’t make you happy?”
No. I can’t. “I don’t want to talk about this. I need to finish this office house so I can decorate it before the picnic.”
“You’re decorating it yourself, too? Yeah, you really need to search your soul, man.”
I ignore him, and pull my mask back up. This house isn’t going to finish itself, and I won’t change my mind, no matter how much my soul is telling me to. Bea is too important to me. I’ve already lost my Gram, and I’m not willing to lose the second most important woman in my life. Death and heartbreak aren’t the same, but loss is, and I can’t handle another loss of that magnitude.
ESTYN IS BEST IN SHOW
I’ve been avoiding both East and Bea for the last couple of days, so I’m going solo once again to my next kiss. Estyn was my girlfriend Senior year of high school. We were honestly more friends than lovers. Friends with benefits who called each other “boyfriend” and “girlfriend” because we wanted to be left alone. She was the hot nerd, and well, I was just hot, so it worked for us. Laughing, sexing, and keeping the idiots at bay.
We lost touch when she went off to MIT, and I don’t know what to expect as I walk up to her front door. She has a Facebook account, but only posts inspirational pictures and quotes. No personal pics, no relationship status, nothing. All I know is that she answered my FB message right away, and gave me her address.
The house itself is in a quiet cul-de-sac in a nice area of town. It’s a carbon copy of others in the sub-division, but the door is painted to look like the Doctor Who Tardis, so I know she’s still a nerd, despite living in suburbia. I thought she’d be in a high tech hi-rise, but as my other kisses have shown me, there’s no telling what I’ll find with anyone I once knew.
I hear a chorus of dogs barking when I ring the doorbell, and I stumble backwards when one jumps high enough to slam into the glass insert in the door. The fuck? Is she running an animal shelter out of the house? I hear her yelling, and the barking stops. I stay where I am until I hear the sound of paws retreating. It’s another couple of minutes before the door opens.
“Sorry about that,” Estyn says as she opens the door. “They get a little excited when people come over.”
“I can tell,” I say as I hug her. “How many are there?”
“Four. One for each of the kids,” she tells me as she steps back and motions me inside.
“Kids?”
“I have quadruplets. Three girls and a boy. They’re almost three.”
Hello. “That’s…um…that’s great?” Yeah, I pose it as a question, because it doesn’t sound great to me.
“Most days it is,” she says with a laugh.
“So you’re…”
“Married? Yes. I should’ve invited you to the wedding, but it was definitely a shotgun one, and I was more than a little embarrassed.”
“Your mom must be happy.” She always wanted Estyn to stop playing video games and settle down with a “nice” boy. I didn’t quite fit that bill.
“Oh she is. She would have been happier if I’d dropped out of school, but I refused.”
“Good for you. You’ve always been the smartest person I know.”
“And now the most fertile, I’m sure.”
“Yes, I think you earned that title.”
“Do you want something to drink, or are you just going to tell me what you’re here for?” she asks, leading me into her toy-strewn living room.
“I don’t know if it’s appropriate to tell you now.”
“Ooh, this is going to be good,” she says, folding one leg under the other as she sits on the couch. “Do tell.”
I missed this. The fun, easy conversation with a hint of sexiness. Even sitting here on the couch in a t-shirt, sweatpants, and glasses, she’s one of the hottest women I’ve ever met. I can’t believe she’s married.
“I was hoping for a kiss.”
“A kiss? Tell me more.”
“My Gram came up with a quest for me when she was dying. I have to kiss ten women from my past.”
“Aww, your Gram. I loved her. I’m so sorry, Kye.”
“Thanks. I know this kind of awkward.”
“Actually, it’s pretty nice. No one has wanted to kiss me for a long time.”
“What? But you’re married.”
“Yeah, that. When you have four kids at once, romance goes at the window. Along with good hygiene and nightly sex.”
“I’m the one who’s sorry now.” Really, I am.
“It’s not horrible. I know he loves me, and we make it work most of the time. I just know I’m not looking my sexiest right now. He has nothing to worry about, and we both know it.”
“Do you have anything to worry about?”
“No,” she tells me with an indulgent smile. “He won’t cheat. It’s just not as exciting anymore.”
“Sorry?” I ask it, because I don’t know what else to say.
She shrugs. “At least I get a kiss from you to liven things up.”
“Is that okay?”
“It’s just a kiss between old friends. Maybe I’ll tell the hubby, and he’ll get jealous enough to ravage me.”
O-kay. Not what I signed up for, but then again, not one kiss has happened under normal boy-girl situations. So why not? If there’s a checklist for kisses, I’ll be able to check off kissing a married woman—without fear of an angry husband. Yeah, let’s do this.
I scoot over on the couch, and we smile awkwardly at each other. “This shouldn’t be weird, should it?” I ask with a laugh.
“Not at all,” she answers.
We lean forward and our lips touch. She cups my face and holds me to her for a little longer than is appropriate, but I don’t stop her. Until I get knocked away by a pint-sized ball of kid.
“You’re not my daddy!” the little man yells.
“No, no I’m not.”
“Only Daddy can kiss Mommy!” another one yells.
Well, shit. I’m surrounded now, and when I look back to Estyn, she’s laughing too hard to help me. “Thanks,” I tell her, causing her to laugh even harder. I guess I’m on my own.
The boys part, and let through a little girl in a pink dress. “Hi, sweetie.”
“I’m not sweet. I’m a Jedi,” she says, pulling out a plastic lightsaber, and turning it on. It glows blue. Alright. I got this.
“Blue? That’s Luke’s weapon. Cool.”
“It’s Rey’s now, and she let me borrow it. Prepare to die, follower of Kylo.”
“The emo dude? Seriously? You’re lumping me with him?”
“You’re evil,” she sneers at me, and damn, I’m momentarily afraid of the little shit.
“Only sometimes.”
“Surrender, and I’ll let you live,” she says, swinging the toy in my face, and then trying to jab me with it.
Yeah right, she’ll let me live. This kid is out for my blood, but I’ve got moves she’s never seen, so bring it. “Your Jedi mind tricks won’t work on me. Let me pass, and I’ll give you twenty bucks.”
“Twenty dollars? Just for me?” she asks, her eyes wide.
“Yep.”
“What about us?” one of the boys asks.
“You can each have ten.”
“How come she gets twenty?”
“Because she’s fiercer than you.”
“You can kiss me if you want,” the little Jedi tells me, putting down her blade.
I lean down and kiss her cheek, pass out the money, pat Estyn’s husband on the shoulder, and give her a salute. “Good show, all,” I say as I walk out. All in all, this may have been the best kiss yet. One more to go, and then I’m home free.
IT’S DARK AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL
One more kiss. That’s all I need. I have two days left, and I put in another call to Emily this morning. She’s a local T.V. anchor, but we met when she was interning at the station. I was a junior in college, and yeah, she was a couple of years older. I’ve already established that I think age is just a number.
Our lust affair lasted through one semester, and then she moved on to the female anchorwoman—who she’s since replaced with the male station owner. She climbed that ladder like a boss, and left no prisoners. I don’t think she’ll be anywhere near the “one” but I honestly couldn’t think of anyone else. I’ve dated, fucked, and kissed other women, but none of them were memorable. I know that’s harsh, and wrong in so many ways, but it’s the truth.
I’m checking in with Gramps today at the office, so I put on a suit and tie. It feels so weird to be dressed up again after almost a month of being casual, but I have to play the part for now. If I can’t convince him that kisses aren’t magical, then I may be stuck forever. I’m trying not to think about that.
“Kye, it’s great to see you. We’ve missed you around here,” his secretary tells me as I enter his outer office.
“It’s nice to see you, too,” I say, not adding that I’ve missed the office, because I haven’t. The people are nice, but I never really connected with them, because I never wanted to be here. Still don’t.
I walk into his office, and wait as he finishes his call. “Things are all set for this weekend on my end.”
“Mine, too.”
“I heard you built Bea a surprise office.”
“My best friend has a big mouth.”
“He has an even bigger heart, and he worries about you. So do I.”
“The kisses haven’t changed anything.”
“You have one left,” he reminds me.
“It’s not going to matter.”
“So you’re giving up? You know that will negate our agreement.”
“I’m not giving up, but I know Emily’s not the one.”
“You seem so sure that it makes me wonder if you never truly intended to try and find the woman you’re destined to be with.”
“Oh, I’ve tried. I’ve kissed every woman who made an impact on me—good or bad. I’ve also kissed new women and men. I’ve felt nothing for them except nostalgia in some cases, and fear for my life in others. I honestly gave it my best shot.”
He nods. “Okay. One more kiss with a woman from your past, and we’ll call this done.”
“Even if I don’t have the reaction you’re hoping I will?” Because, I won’t. Just the thought of Emily being with me forever makes me shudder.
He looks me in the eye, and for some reason, I think more is going on here than I’m aware of. “Even then.”
“Great. I’ll see you at the picnic, and we can announce East’s new job.”
“Remember, Kye—one more before midnight tomorrow.”
“I know. I’ve got this.”
“Or maybe it’s got you. Take care, Son.”
“You too.”
Now I really feel like he’s up to something. What, I don’t know. There’s not much he can do—I have one more kiss, and she’s picked out. One kiss and I’ll be free to live and work as I please. Thank God it’s almost over, because it’s been pretty bleak.
BUMBLING THROUGH TO THE END
I’m a mess as I wait for East to bring Brea out to see her office. Emily still hasn’t answered my calls, and when I went by the station, they refused to let me in. I’ve only got six hours to get my last kiss, and I swear I’ll find her and follow her home if I have to. She may call the police on me, but I need that damn kiss.
I’m pacing when I hear East’s car pull up. Bea is blindfolded in the front seat, and I can’t help but smile at that. She trusts him, even if I’m not so sure she trusts—or likes—me right now. This office will hopefully bring us at least part of the way back to each other.
He leads her out of the car, and walks her to the front porch, where I’m waiting. “Kye?”
“How did you know I was here?” I ask her.
“Your cologne,” she says with a nervous laugh.
“Oh.” That’s all I can say? Doing well here, obviously.
“Can I take the blindfold off?”
East looks at me, and I nod. She blinks a few times when it’s removed, and then just looks confused. “Where did the extra house come from?”
“It’s not a house. It’s an office for you.”
“You did this for me?”
I look at my feet and kick a pebble away. “I thought you needed something better than the trailer. It’s not a big deal.”
“It is,” she says, placing her hand under my chin and tipping it up so I’ll look at her. “Thank you.”
“Welcome.”
“Can I look inside?”
“Of course,” I tell her, moving to the side.
She opens the door and I try to see things through her eyes. The main room is big and airy, with floor to ceiling windows that face the meadow and small creek that we’ve gated and fenced off so the kids don’t try and go in there alone. Security will be patrolling there just in case someone gets curious, but right now it’s just peaceful and perfect.
The furniture is all wood and leather, modern, but comfortable, and the other walls are bookshelves from floor to ceiling. There’s a loft, but I’ve hidden the staircase and given her a half wall and closing shutters, so she can have privacy if she needs a nap, or has to sleep on property for some reason. There’s a full bathroom with a claw foot tub up there for her, and a half bath downstairs. I also gave her a small kitchenette area with a fridge and a microwave, plus some cabinets. The whole place is functional, but has some whimsy to it, just like her.
“How do you get upstairs?” she asks.
I walk forward and pull one of the bookcases open, exposing the stairs. “Here you go.”
“I have a secret set of stairs?”
“Yep.”
She runs up, and squeals when she gets to the top. She looks over the wall to where we’re standing beneath her. “It’s perfect, Kye. The colors, the bed…oh my God! That bathtub!”
“Glad you like it,” I tell her when she runs back down.
“Like it? I love it! So much. Kye…I just…thank you.”
She hugs me, and I hold her tight. We’re going to be okay. I know it now. Friends forever.
“Hey, I just thought of something,” East says, and we pull apart. “Did you get your kiss from Emily?”
“Not yet, but I’m going to. I have to. I won’t let you down, man.”
“There’s no one else?”
“Not that I can think of…unless…do you think we kissed in the factory when we got naked? Then I could just kiss you!”
“I don’t remember much, but I don’t think so. Sorry.”
“It was worth a shot.”
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Bea yells, and then she grabs my face and kisses me.
She kisses me, and I know what my grandparents meant, what they always tried to tell me. There are no fireworks, but this is it. It. The kiss that changes everything. I feel it in my soul, the rightness of this kiss. It’s Bea. She’s my “One.” But wait, how is that possible?
My Gram said it was someone from my past. I don’t remember feeling this way before, but I must have, and it can’t be my Bumble. We’ve never kissed before. Maybe I can feel it twice—I don’t know. I just know the feel of her lips moving over mine is perfect, but is it wrong? I need to talk to my Gramps.
“Wait,” I say, pulling back.
“Don’t. Don’t do this, Kye?”
“Do what?”
“Run from this. Not again.”
“Again?” I ask, breathing hard as panic starts to set in.
“We kissed, Kye. I can’t help it that you don’t remember, but I kissed you once, and you told me you loved me. Then you pretended like it never happened. I can’t handle it if you’re going to do it again.”
“What? We never kissed. I’d remember,” I insist.
“But you don’t, do you?”
“Because it never happened! Why are you saying this?”
“It happened,” East says, quietly.
“No. I’d remember. No. Is this about the job?” I ask. If they’re lying to me so East can get the job, I don’t know what I’ll do.
“You’re fucking kidding me, right? You think I’d lie to you to get a job?”
“I don’t know what to think! I’ve never kissed Bea, and yet you both say I have! What am I supposed to think?”
“I’m done here, and you can take this office and shove it up your ass. Then it will at least be where your head is,” Bea says, and I just stand there as they both storm out.
I should go after them, but my feet won’t move. My friends have never lied to me before, but how can I believe I kissed Bea before when I honestly don’t remember it? The way I felt right now? I’d remember that—I do remember it, and my heart feels like it’s cracking as I stand here listening to the person who owns it drive away. What is happening to me?
THE PAST ISN’T JUST
THE PAST ANYMORE
“I kissed Bea,” I say to my Gramps as I walk into his house later that night. It took me a little while to get moving, but once I did, I knew where I had to go.
“It’s about damn time.”
“What?”
“You’ve been in love with that girl since you were six years old. Probably younger, but you didn’t realize it.”
“What the hell are you talking about? I’ve never been with Bea!”
“Sit down, Kye.”
“I don’t want to sit down! I want to know why everyone thinks I kissed Bea before, but I can’t remember it! Why can’t I remember it?”
“You can’t remember it because it was associated with something that happened to you—when you almost died.”
“In the lake?”
“Yes.”
“What does me almost drowning have to do with Bea?”
“Please sit down, Kye, and I’ll explain.”
I drop into a chair. “Tell me.”
He reaches out and takes my hand in his, like he did when I was a little boy. “You spent the whole day with Bea, rowing around the pond out back in your little boat, while East played on the dock. Bea had that adorable lace umbrella your Gram bought her, and the two of you seemed to be having fun when we checked on you.
“I don’t know what happened, but as the sun went down, you came running into the house alone, calling for your Gram. We both came running, and found you out of breath. You asked her for her ring—the one I gave her when I asked her to marry her. I didn’t know until then that she had promised to give you that ring when you found the girl you wanted to marry. I gave her a bigger ring when the chocolates started selling, and I didn’t know she’d even kept that old thing, but she had.
“You told her you needed the ring because Bea kissed you, and you felt like everything was okay. She was your special person, and you needed to marry her.”
“She didn’t give me the ring,” I say, starting to remember.
“No. She told you that when you were older, you could have the ring, but not yet. You got angry, and ran out.”
“I got in the boat, and tried to row away. The boat tipped, and I was stuck under it. I was scared,” I tell him, starting to shake because as my memory comes back, I feel like I’m under that boat again. “I didn’t think anyone would come because I was being a brat.”
“I’ll always come for you, Kye. I’m sorry that you thought we wouldn’t. You were so traumatized when we got you out of that water, and when you woke up the next day, you didn’t remember anything about the day before.”
I remember now. I remember all of it. How I got scared in the middle of the lake, even though I knew how to swim and had been out there hundreds of time. How Bea leaned over and kissed me, and how I felt then what I felt today. I remember wanting that ring, because I knew she was the only girl I could possibly ever love. I can’t believe I forgot it all, but I guess I was just so scared that my brain blocked everything out, or something. I’m definitely no brain surgeon, so I don’t know for sure, and honestly right now I don’t care.
“You lied to me. You said I told Gram about my kiss, but you were there, too. You knew it was Bea, and you knew why I forgot!”
“Yes. I’m sorry I lied, but you weren’t ready to hear it yet, to listen to me tell you what your heart needed to figure out. Your Gram knew it too, and she made me promise not to tell you. I love you Kye, but I loved her more. I still love her—I will love her forever.”
“You told me to kiss her.”
“Yes. East told me she was having a hard time with your quest, and with you not remembering.”
“She’s always known I didn’t remember.”
“Yes, and no. She was too little to understand what had happened to you, so her mother told her you were sick. I’ll never forget her coming to our door later that week, looking so hopeful. When you treated her just like a friend, it crushed her. We wanted to tell her, but we weren’t sure you should remember when your mind had made you forget. We made a choice to protect you, but it hurt her.”
“I love you, Gramps. I understand why you lied, and I’m not mad, but I need to fix things with Bea.”
“Do you know what you’re going to do?
“Yes. Am I old enough to have that ring now?”
“I think you just might be.”
WHEN THE FALL ISN’T SCARY AT ALL
East and Bea are hard-core ignoring me when I arrive at the picnic. I didn’t call or text either of them when I left my Gramps last night, because I needed to formulate the rest of my plan. I’ve got a ring burning a hole in my pocket, but I don’t have the girl yet. Yet. I came here last night and decorated, hoping they’d realize it for what it is—a way for me to tell them that I’m sorry, and that I remember. So far, it’s not working. Time for Plan Bea.
I walk up to the stage set off to the side, nodding to Gramps as I adjust the mic. There’s a little feedback, which causes some laughter. “Hi everyone! This isn’t my show today, but I have a few things I need to say, so bear with me, please.” When no one boos me off the stage, I get down to business.
“I’m sure you’ve all seen the pictures of kisses hanging from the trees and houses. I put those up last night, as both a tribute to my Gram, and an apology to my two best friends. Kisses were a huge part of my Gram’s life, but I always dismissed them as nothing important. Because of that, she devised a quest for me, with help from my Gramps. I’m sure some of you have seen pictures of me kissing girls—and guys—floating around this last month.” That gets more laughs, and I smile, too.
“Some of the kisses were fun, and some were downright scary, but I was determined to do what was asked of me. You see, there was more than just a completed quest for me at stake—there was also an agreement; if I could find the woman whose kiss made me change my mind, or prove that I tried but felt nothing different, I could give up my job at the company.”
I hear the murmurs, and then a brave soul yells out the question they all want the answer to. “What happened?”
“I finished my quest, and yeah, a kiss changed everything for me. It made me realize that I’ve been in love with my best friend since I was a little boy. I had forgotten our first kiss, because I almost died that night, but once I kissed her again, and paid a visit to my Gramps, I remembered. I remember everything, Bumble Bea. I’m so sorry I forgot, and cost us all these years, but I remember now. I can honestly say that I’ve loved you forever, but I never realized I’ve been in love with you until now.”
“You can’t just say the words, and expect me to come running to you,” she yells up at me, causing a large group of the audience to start clapping. Tough crowd—and tough girl—but I didn’t expect anything less.
“I don’t. I needed to get that out, but we’ll talk more about this when we’re alone.”
“I think I need to take over now,” my Gramps says, joining me on stage.
“I was doing okay,” I protest.
“Sure you were. Go on down and get your girl,” he tells me, practically pushing me off the stage.
“I’m not his girl!” Bea yells.
“Beatrice, we both know you have always been his girl. He’s been a little slow on the uptake, but he’s got his shit together now. Give him a chance to prove it.”
“A little?” she grumbles as I walk up to her.
I have something else I need to take care of before I get her alone, so I look to her right. “Sorry, East. I was freaking out, and I took it out on you. I know you’d never lie to me for a job—or for anything, really.”
“I wouldn’t.”
“I know.”
We stare at each other for almost a full minute, neither of us knowing what to do next. Gramps takes care of that for us, too. “Oh for God’s sake, hug it the hell out boys. I’m not getting any younger up here, and I need East.”
We laugh and do as he says. “I love you, man.”
“Love you too, asshole, even though I’m going to be the third wheel soon.”
“Never.”
“Go on, and grovel. I’ve got a job to accept.”
“Yes you do.”
I finally turn to Bea, scared of what’s going to happen next. She has her arms crossed, but I can’t tell if she’s angry or about to cry. Neither one is good, but I could probably handle anger more than tears. It’s not up to me, though. I have to take whatever she wants to give me.
I hold out my hand, and by some miracle, she places one of hers inside of it. We don’t speak as I lead her to her office. There are kissing pictures hanging all over the porch, and she reaches up to touch one.
“You remember?”
“Yes.”
“My mom told me something had happened to you and I couldn’t see you the next day, but I didn’t know you’d forgotten. I thought…you didn’t mean what you said.”
“I meant it. Can we go inside?”
“You’re sure you want this? Because I can’t do this again—give you my heart—if you’re not sure.”
“I’m sure.”
“Okay.”
She walks in first, but I’m close enough behind to hear her intake of breath when she sees the inside. I didn’t have pictures of us kissing, but I did have pictures of us. I’ve hung them all over, along with lips, bees, and “Xs.” There are pictures of us as toddlers, kids, teens, and now. I can’t go back and change things, but I need to remind her that even if I didn’t know I was in love with her, she always meant everything to me.
“You once told me I wouldn’t give you what you wanted. I’m here now, and I promise I’ll give you anything you want. Tell me what you want, Bumble.”
Her eyes search mine, and I know she sees the truth in my words, so she answers me. “I want you, Kye. All of you.”
“You’ve got me. All of me. Forever.”
“Forever?” she asks, her eyes going wide as I drop to one knee, and reach into my pocket.
“When I went inside that day, I told my Gram I needed her old wedding ring, because I already knew who I wanted to marry. She said I had to wait, and so I ran away and almost drowned. I blocked out the whole day because I got so scared, but when you kissed me last night, I knew. I didn’t know we’d kissed before, but I knew you were the woman I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.”
“You felt something?”
“Yes. Both last night, and when I was six,” I tell her, but then get nervous. “Did you?”
She rolls her eyes at me. “I’ve been in love with you for all my life, Kye. Of course I felt something.”
“Will you marry me, Bea? We can have a long engagement, and I’ll court you and prove myself however you want, but I have to know you’ll be my wife one day.”
“I don’t want a long engagement, and yes, I’ll marry you.”
“Thank God.” I slide my Gram’s ring on her finger and kiss her hand.
“I’ve always loved this ring,” she says as I get my feet.
“Probably because it’s been yours for a long time.”
“This is really happening?”
“Yes. I love you, Bea. As both a friend, and as a man who wants to be so much more.”
“More?”
“You’re going to focus on that, and not say those three words back to me?”
“I waited sixteen years to hear them from you, so you can wait a little bit.”
“That’s cold.”
“So warm me up,” she says, running her hands over my chest.
“Yeah?”
“Hell yeah.”
ONE KISS JUST ISN’T ENOUGH
I wrap my arms around her, and kiss her. Yeah, I feel it again—how right it is—but this time I’m not scared. I feel love, and I feel horny, but there’s no fear or worry that this will change things. Change has come, and it’s better than anything I could’ve ever hoped for in my life.
We spend a few minutes learning each other’s mouths; kissing, licking, biting, and oh Lord, sucking. She runs her hands over my short hair, and I make a mess of her long locks. When we come up for air, I know I look as wild as she does.
“Damn, that was hot.”
“It was, but I still feel a little chilly.”
“Maybe we should get you into bed.”
“That’s definitely what we should do.”
I swing her up into my arms, and head for the hidden staircase. She sucks on my neck as I carry her upstairs, and I nearly fall when she bites me hard. “Fuck, Bea.”
“Yep. Fuck Bea. You’ve got the idea.”
“I think I need to suck on Bea again. All over this time,” I say, tossing her on the big bed I picked out for her.
She nods. “Yes, that. But take off your shirt.”
I pull it over my head, and she sighs. “Just my shirt?”
“I want to see it.”
“What? This?” I ask, undoing my pants and dropping them and my briefs to the ground.
“Oh God.” Yeah, that makes me feel good. I’m not huge, but I’m big. Still, I have to give her a hard time.
“You said recently that you’d seen it and it wasn’t ‘impressive.’”
“I saw it when you were five and we played doctor. It’s much more gasp-worthy now.”
“So glad you approve.”
“Hundred percent approval rating.”
“Unless you’ve got something else to change into, you need to get that dress off now. I won’t be gentle if I have to do it.”
She looks uncertain, and I love knowing she has to consider what to do. “If this wasn’t my event, I’d let you tear it to shreds.”
“Later.”
“Promise?”
“To tear your clothes off whenever you let me? Yes. 1000% yes.”
She gets the dress off in record time, and I stare at her lying there on the bed in her pale blue bra and panties. They’re lace and tiny—both of them. I run my fingers over the edge of her panties where they meet her thigh, and she moans.
When I slip a finger under the lace, she arches her back. I slide my finger through her folds, rubbing her clit, and then move lower, entering her briefly before pulling away.
“Kye.”
“Don’t worry. I needed to see how wet you are for me. I’m going to give you some kisses now.”
I undo the front clasp on her bra, and look for a moment and those glorious tits of hers, before leaning down to suck a nipple into my mouth. I pinch the other one between my fingers as I slide my whole hand inside the lace below this time. I play with her for a little while as she writhes beneath me, switching nipples and sliding my fingers in and out of her.
“What do you like best, Bea? My fingers? My mouth? My tongue? Or maybe it’s my teeth?” I ask as I bite her nipple, causing her to cry out.
“I want to come, Kye.”
“You’re going to. Many times. I think we’ll start with my mouth, since I owe you those kisses.”
“Yes.”
I slide down her body, raining kisses over every inch of skin I pass. When I reach the edge of the lace, I force myself to carefully remove them so she can put them back on when I’m done with her. Well, as done with her as I can get before we have to go back.
I look at her pretty pink pussy, with the trimmed blond hair that’s a little darker than her other hair. I need to have my mouth on those swollen lips, and my tongue inside of her, but I’m still trying to be a little sweet as I lean down and place a soft kiss on her.
She reaches out and grabs my head, holding my mouth to her skin. I slip my tongue out to find her clit, giving it a few little licks. “Right there. Yes.”
I move my tongue back and forth, licking her as she digs her short nails into my scalp. “I love making you crazy. Fuck my mouth. Show me how to make you come.”
She pushes my face down again, and I lick into her pussy. In and out as she bucks against me, doing exactly what I told her to do. I slide two fingers in her so I can use my mouth on her clit again, and she comes almost immediately. Her climax goes on and on, and I keep it going as long as I can. Once she stops shaking, I lick her down and then kiss her all over.
When I climb on the bed, she has her eyes closed, and is breathing hard, but there’s a smile on her face. “I want to make love to you,” I tell her and she opens her eyes at my words. “Can I?”
I’m stroking my cock slowly as I wait for her answer. If she says no, I’ll jack off. I could lick her and stroke myself all day, every day until she’s ready for more. I want to be inside of her, but I can wait.
“Did you stroke yourself while you were eating me?” she asks.
“No. Do you want me to?”
“Yes.”
“Next time I will.”
“I may not survive another time. I’ve never come like that.”
“Challenge accepted.”
“That’s so fucking hot,” she tells me as she watches me. “I want to watch you make yourself come, but I want you inside of me more.”
“We can do it all. We’ve got forever,” I remind her as I reach into the nightstand for the condoms I put there. “Right now I’m going to take you hard. Do you want it hard, Bea?”
“I want it every way you want to give it to me.”
I suit up, and then push her legs apart and up. “You’re going to get it.”
I place my cock at her entrance and slide home with one hard thrust. Oh fuck, she’s tight, and wet, and hot, and fuck yeah. Her fingers dig into my shoulders as I pull slowly out of her, and then slam back in. She lifts her hips to meet me, and I lean down to kiss her again. My mouth doesn’t leave her as I thrust in and out of her until she comes again, and I follow after her. It’s the best and strongest orgasm I’ve ever had, but the kisses come in a close second. I’ll never get enough of kissing her, and it’s the best feeling in the world.
EVERYTHING CHANGES,
BUT STAYS THE SAME
Its two hours before we make ourselves get out of bed, and join the picnic again. Her bed is definitely sturdy, and her bathtub is made for sex, but we haven’t had a chance to try out the rest of the little house—yet. We both have bite and suck marks all over us, and I love that neither one of us even mentions covering them up. I hold her hand as we walk up to East, who is standing alone, surveying the crowd.
“It’s about time. I started to check on you earlier, but I heard you scream, Bea, and I was not about to walk into a vagina show.”
“It was a dick and pussy show, and you weren’t invited, anyway,” I tell him.
“You’ll never be invited,” Bea adds.
“Wasn’t ever going to try and be invited to that,” he tells her with a shudder.
“I should go and mingle. It is my place, after all.”
“Flash your ring if any of the guys try to get too friendly.”
“She’s already flashing the marks you left all over her, so I think she’s safe.”
“Dude, really? If you saw some hot guy walking around all marked up, it wouldn’t make you want to add to the collection?”
“Huh? Never thought of it that way, but you’re right. Flash the ring, Bea. Congrats by the way.”
“Thanks,” we both say at the same time.
“I’ll be back soon,” she tells me, giving me a kiss.
“I know. Go be awesome. I’ll be over here waiting for you.”
“I love you.”
“Yes! You said the words. She loves me, East.”
He rolls his eyes. “Like there was ever any doubt.”
“I love you too, Bumble.”
I watch her walk away, until East waves his hand in front of my face. “Is this going to be weird now?”
“Me and Bea? No way. I’ll still be your wingman, and we’ll still party and get drunk. I’ll just be going home to the same perfect woman every night.”
“I’m glad you finally got your head out of your ass.”
“Well, the house wouldn’t fit in there with it, and I love her office, so I really had no choice, you know?”
“Oh, I know.”
“How did the announcement go? I’m sorry I wasn’t here.”
“I’m glad you took care of Bea first. I know you have my back. The announcement was good for the most part. A couple of people grumbled, and I may have trouble with them, but I’ll deal with that if it happens.”
“Cool. We can Saran Wrap their cars, or take apart their chairs.”
“I can’t do that if I’m CEO.”
“I would’ve done it if I was CEO.”
“You’re right. Nothing’s changed.”
“Never will. We’ll always be best friends. Even when you marry some hot guy and ask Bea to be your Baby Mama.”
“I’m totally going to do that.”
“And I’m totally going to be okay with it.”
“We should probably ask her.”
“Yeah, that’s a change I guess, since we usually just apologize after, but I’ve heard chicks make you sleep on the couch if you piss them off. I’m not sleeping on a couch if she’s in the same house.”
“Why do I feel like you’ll be staying in my guest room more than you do now?”
“Nah, man. I’m going to be a kick-ass fiancé and husband. Wait and see.”
“Right now I see Bea and your Gramps taking the stage.”
I turn, and smile. “Let’s go cheer her on.”
Bea takes the microphone, and thanks everyone for agreeing to merge their celebration with hers. She talks about the shelter, and thanks my Gramps, East, and me for our support financially, and emotionally, too. They hug, and then it’s his turn to talk again.
I love seeing her face when he tells her the bidding war for the spots on his list netted her four million dollars. He says he’s matching it, prompting me and East to yell out that we are, too. She starts to cry, and we go to her, pulling her into a three-way hug. We’ll all change and grow, but we’ll also always be the same with each other. Except for the sex. And the kissing—damn, but kissing is pretty awesome—and more than just something physical—when it’s done right with the woman you love. I’ll never doubt that again.
EVERY AFTER, HAPPILY
Six months later
I’m putting the final touches on the paint when Bea pulls into our driveway. Yep, I said “our.” We’ve been together for six months now, and it’s only gotten better. Everything’s better—the dates, the sex, and yeah, the kisses too. I’ve seen the proverbial light, and it’s even better than my Gramps promised me it would be.
He also gave me some of my Gram’s kissing stuff to put in our new house. A full size house I built just for Bea. For us. I broke my one rule about building, but since I broke so many other “rules” while looking for the woman who was right there beside me, the least I could do was give her the house of her dreams. It’s smaller than my old house, but it’s the perfect size for us, and maybe even some rugrats one day. God, I can’t believe the thought of kids doesn’t scare me. Who am I?
“Kye, you’re thinking awful hard over there. Is everything okay?”
“Huh? Oh yeah,” I tell my fiancé—and damn, if I’m not even a little bit scared by that, either. “Just thinking.”
“About?” she asks, giving me a small peck on the lips as she tries to avoid my paint roller.
“Kids” I tell her, honestly.
Her eyes go wide, and she swallows hard. “You want kids?”
“Don’t you?”
“Well, yeah, but I didn’t think you did.”
“I didn’t, but now I think I might. No, that’s wrong—I know I want to have little Bumble Beas running around.” That’s the best job I can do of explaining it.
“What if they’re boys?”
“What if they’re aliens? Seriously, Bea, I don’t care. I just want more of you.”
“Can’t complain about that.”
“You better not,” I tell her, dropping the roller and pulling her into my arms.
“Bob? You’re with Bob? What the hell, Kye?”
Oh fuck. What is She-Ra doing here? I turn slowly, and see my mother standing next to Kian. Both have big smiles on their faces, which means it’s even worse than I thought. Why, God? Why can’t I just live happily ever after?
“My name is Bea,” my girl tells her, crossing her arms over her chest as she glares at the two women.
“We’ll get it right on the pre-nup,” my mother tells her smugly.
“There’s no need for a pre-nup,” I say.
“Oh no, Kye,” Bea says with a smirk, “I think I need one. I mean, after all, I’m worth twice what you are.”
Mother’s jaw drops almost to the ground as I laugh. Kian simply sputters. “You…you…no way.”
“Way. Now how about you go on your merry one.”
Kian advances, and I duck behind Bea, hiding my head in her shoulder, because I’m man enough to know my woman’s tougher than me. Bea doesn’t even flinch, or move. She just stands there being all sexy and bad-ass. Kian thrives on the smell of fear, so not getting any makes her even crazier. She starts to move her foot like she’s pawing the ground, and I’m genuinely scared now. “Run,” I whisper in Bea’s ear, but she shakes her head.
I can’t leave Bea, but I don’t want to die yet. I’m legit worried for both of us, but for once, my mommy actually saves me!
“How does she have more money than you, Kye? I know her family’s net worth.”
“I gave a bunch away,” I admit, not wanting to go into all the details. Suffice to say, I felt bad about a few of the situations I involved others in while on my quest, so I helped them out. Some money for the commune—because hippies need money too—new chickens for the farm, ten years’ salary for the job I set Lance up in, their wedding, and a bunch of other things that are nobody’s business but mine. And Bea’s, of course.
“Idiot,” Kian scoffs, before stalking to her car. “Fucking crazy people. That’s what you all are.”
“I think it’s great,” Gramps says, walking out of the house as we all watch Kian’s car fishtailing down my dirt road.
“I can’t believe you let him do this!” my mother shrieks.
“Kye is a grown man, and he can do what he wants. I’m proud of the choices he’s made.”
“Of course you are! Look at your poor choices.”
“I happen to like my choices.”
“You put that…that…queer boy in charge of the family business.”
“Smartest decision I’ve ever made. Easton is the finest man I know.”
“Hey now, Gramps,” I interject, because while I love my bestie, I’m not about to be overlooked for him.
“You know it’s true,” East says, smirking as he comes around the side of the house, where he’s been hiding since he heard Kian pull in.
“Really?” I ask, calling him out. “Because I didn’t see you rushing out here to save me like Bea did.”
“Bea’s getting your dick.”
“You don’t want my dick.”
“That’s beside the point.”
“Oh my God! Is that what this is? Is Bea the mustache?”
“Mustache?” I ask, thoroughly confused.
“I think she means ‘beard’,” Gramps says, doubling over because he’s laughing so hard.
“You’re having their baby for them, aren’t you?” Aren’t you?” she wails, looking at Bea like she’s an accomplice to a crime.
“Um, no. I’m having Kye’s dick. Every night. Sometimes, multiple times per night.”
“Don’t you dare lie to me, Beatrice. I’m calling my husband. He’ll fix this!”
“When has my son ever fixed anything?” Gramps asks her.
She ignores him and places her call, as we look at each other, wondering how this day got so out of control. Bea and East point at me, while I shrug. This is so not my fault.
“What? How? Whaa-tt?”
We all look back to Mother Dearest, and this time its Bea who jumps behind me for protection. Mother is losing it, like full-on crazy pants losing it! She throws her phone to the ground, and stabs it repeatedly with her stilettos. Then she throws the shoes. When she tries to pull her ring off, Gramps—brave man that he is—goes to her and puts his arms around her.
“He was having sex on a golf cart and crashed into the clubhouse. We’ve been put on probation at the club. Again.”
“Are you divorcing him?” Bea asks.
“Of course not. We have a reputation to uphold,” she replies, gathering up her shoes and broken phone. She looks around, realizing she doesn’t have her car with her, and then looks back at East. “Since you’re in charge, you simply must give me a ride to my car.”
He shakes his head, but walks towards her, twirling his keys around his fingers. “Come on, Mrs. D. We’re going to listen to some Britney and get our inner queens on.”
“I am always a queen, Easton.”
“God I love your family,” he tells me as he helps her into his car.
“I should get going, too,” Gramps says, winking at us.
Once we’re alone, I carry Bea over the threshold of our house, and up to our bedroom. There are painted lips on the wall behind our bed, and maybe that’s feminine, but I’m definitely all male as I toss her onto the bed, and climb over her.
“It’s a multiples night, Bumble.”
“Kiss me, Kye.”
“Always.”
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Thanks to Dominique and Gabi for putting up me as I go into laughing attacks about things they don’t find as funny!
A HUGE thanks to the team at Swoon Reads for doing their “10 Word Love Story” game at RT Dallas. It was because of my entry “A kiss isn’t just a kiss if it’s done right,” that this book came to happen!
To Helen, for always going along with my crazy ideas, and making my covers even better than I could’ve imagined!
To Jesse, for being so amazing to work with!
To Ally, for copy-editing, even though I haven’t killed off a main character yet!
To Thomas, for asking to be on one of my book covers! Your smirk is PERFECT :)
To Joey, for coming to Vegas and taking the pictures of Thomas! You rock!
Also Vicki Plant, Alex Lozada, Natasha Eddie, Lisa Dess, Jeanne Baldi, and Helen Williams for helping me with the names for the girls! Sabrina and Liz—I didn’t use your names this time, but I have them filed away!
And thanks as always to the readers for picking up my books and reading them!
If you love to laugh (and like a guy’s POV), please check out these authors friends of mine:
Rachel van Dyken, Lauren Blakely, Helena Hunting, and Kendall Ryan
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Crystal Perkins has always been a big reader, but she never thought she would write her own book, until she sat down and did it one day. She lives in Las Vegas, where you can find her running author events and selling books at conventions when she isn’t reading, buying too many Sherlock t-shirts online or finding a place to put all of her Pop! figurines. A mac and cheese connoisseur, she travels the country looking for the perfect version, while attending book conventions and signings as a cover for her research. The Griffin Brothers, Corrigan & Co, and Society Girls series are all international best sellers, and she’s thankful to the readers who made that happen! Drop her a line if you have a comment or question!
Find her here:
www.crystalperkinsauthor.com
facebook.com/crystalperkinsauthor
www.twitter.com/wondermomlv
Instagram.com/crystalperkinsauthor
