
* * * * * * * * * * *
A SLOT MACHINE
ATE MY
MIDLIFE CRISIS
* * * * * * * * * * *
Irene Woodbury

A Slot Machine Ate My Midlife Crisis
Irene Woodbury
Copyright © 2011, 2021 Irene Woodbury
All cover art Copyright © 2011, 2021 Irene Woodbury
All Rights Reserved
A Slot Machine Ate My Midlife Crisis
2nd Edition, 2021
ISBN: 978-0-578-74786-6
No part of this publication may be reproduced, except in the case of quotation for articles, reviews, or stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from author Irene Woodbury. For information regarding permission, contact Irene Woodbury.
A Slot Machine Ate My Midlife Crisis is a work of fiction, written solely for the enjoyment of its readers. All of the characters; names; locales; places of business; objects; and public figures, living or dead, presented in this novel either originated in the author’s imagination, or are used in a fictitious context. The situations, incidents, events, and opinions depicted in this book are also either a product of the author’s imagination, or used in a fictitious context.

Contents
Chapter 1: May 2015
Chapter 2: Mount Rushmore Meets the Left Bank
Chapter 3: Late May 2015
Chapter 4: June 2015
Chapter 5: Even Grandma Moses would look hot on the GhostDeck or VooDoo patio!
Chapter 6: July 2015
Chapter 7: Fear and Self-Loathing in Las Vegas
Chapter 8: And It Wasn’t the Quiche Lorraine
Chapter 9: “Maxine Tells Me You’re a Virgin?”
Chapter 10: “You’re Not the Victim Here – I am!”
Chapter 11: Roger and Lisa. Roger and Lisa. Roger and Lisa.
Chapter 12: Late November 2015
Chapter 13: Who Did This Guy Think He Was… Eric Clapton?
Chapter 14: “Collateral Damage in What Midlife Crisis?”
Chapter 15: “Hi ‘hon, who’s your new fella?”
Chapter 16: “Joe Cocker Said It Best”
Chapter 17: Mission accomplished!
Chapter 18: He knew I was married, so what was he hoping to accomplish?
Chapter 19: “What can you say about a town with ten pages of plastic surgeons in the phone book and two for shrinks?”
Chapter 20: “We’ll Always Have Paris.”
Chapter 21: The debut of the frocks rocked my world.
Chapter 22: Then again, a troubled marriage always draws readers like a train wreck, doesn’t it?
Chapter 23: September 2016
Chapter 24: Didn’t Someone Once Say That 90% of Marriage Is Just Showing Up?
Chapter 25: Saturday, November 28, 2016
Chapter 26: Was I about to be seduced by my husband, of all people?
Chapter 27: Nudging me closer to the door, he whispered, “Any chameleons in there?”
Chapter 28: And I mean big!
Chapter 29: Paris, May 2017
Chapter 30: Spring-Summer 2017
Chapter 31: An Unconventional Courtship

***** Chapter 1 *****
May 2015
If Loving Las Vegas is Wrong,
I Don’t Wanna be Right.
From the smoky depths of the Venetian casino, Paula and I rushed back to our suites. After packing in a flash, we called a bellman to haul our suitcases to the lobby. In the massive driveway outside the double glass doors, we jumped in a cab and headed to the airport.
Both of us were subdued during the fifteen-minute ride. The grim reality that our long weekend in Vegas was over was beginning to sink in. Sure, we’d had a few bumpy moments and some ugly scenes, but wasn’t that to be expected of any girls’ weekend in Sin City? As far as both of us were concerned, what had happened in Vegas would stay in Vegas.
Paula’s flight was leaving first. She was anxious to get back to L.A. to pick up Keno, her fur baby, at the pet clinic. He had fully recovered from his accidental overdose of Valium. I think she said she was taking him to a doggie spa for a few days of R & R.
After making it through security, we hugged and said our goodbyes. We both agreed that this had been one of the best weekends we’d ever had in Sin City, second only to Paula’s wedding of course, and we vowed to do it again soon, for sure. Then Paula headed to Concourse A, while I made my way to C. Dragging my carry-on past gate after gate, I couldn’t help wondering what I was going back to in Houston.
My flight wasn’t scheduled to leave till 6:40, but I was at the gate well before 5. As I flipped through the latest Elle, I started having serious second thoughts about leaving. I knew I’d promised Roger, the guy I’d married only three-and-a-half-months before, that I’d be back after five days, but now I wondered: Why? I had no job, no children, no urgent household obligations or pressing social commitments. There was plenty of money in the bank from the sale of my condo in L.A., and the severance check from my job at Panache. Going home now just seemed to make no sense. Why not stay a couple more days, or even a week or two? Sounded like a helluva good idea at the time.
I’d never explored Las Vegas in depth. Was there a depth? Maybe now was the time to find out. And I deserved a little vacay on my own, didn’t I? I was madly searching my mind for ways to justify extending the weekend. I knew Roger would be angry and disappointed, but he was so busy with his job. What the heck, he’d get over it, wouldn’t he?
Over and over, I asked myself, why go back now?
The next thing I knew, with just minutes to spare before boarding started, a frazzled, distracted me stormed the check-in counter and told the clerk to cancel my res and pull my bags. Then, in a giddy but frantic state, I grabbed my carry-on and started hustling back through the long concourse…past Burger King…the Blue Burrito Grille…Ethel’s Chocolates…the Coffee Bean…the slot arcade…all a bright blur.
I jumped on the train to Baggage Claim. After retrieving my bags, I found a pay phone and booked a suite at the Venetian for seven more nights. Then, with fingers trembling, I dialed Roger’s cell and left a brief, disjointed message…that he shouldn’t go to the airport…that my plans had changed…that I’d be at the hotel…that I’d call him later.
Out the sliding glass doors I flung myself into the scorching heat and blinding glare of a mid-May evening in Vegas. My heart was pounding as I piled into a cab with my stuff. An hour later, I was standing in yet another glitzy suite at the Venetian, surrounded by bags hauled up by the same bellman who’d taken them down hours earlier.
“Don’t ask, don’t tell,” I said, shaking my head, smiling Mona-Lisa-like, and handing him a twenty.
The minute he left, I changed into shorts and a tee and started unpacking maniacally. The phone rang. And then it rang again, and again, and again. Roger, of course, but I wouldn’t pick up. I wasn’t ready for his grilling just yet.
Aglow with anticipation, I bounded to the lobby and then set out on a long walk down the Strip to clear my head and figure out how I would explain my staying on to him.
On this Monday night, the level of excitement was high, and so was the temperature: 100 degrees in the shade. Outside the Venetian, the golden desert sun seemed strangely serene and ethereal as it sank below the far-off Sierra Nevadas. It soothed me to gaze across the Strip at fortress-like Treasure Island, with the giant Siren’s Cove ship berthed in its water-logged front yard. Next door at Mirage, Elton Johns’ quirky grin beamed down from an electronic billboard. A block away, the Bellagio’s dancing fountain show was in full swing. The sidewalk and overpasses were crammed with hundreds of onlookers, mesmerized by the water shooting skyward, like 1,200 fountains dancing gracefully to Frank Sinatra’s, “Fly Me to the Moon.”
I trekked on, glancing upward at the soaring Eiffel Tower, perched atop the main casino of Paris. Hard to believe I’d lunched there with Paula and the girls just three days ago. It seemed more like a million years. Standing guard outside the hotel’s Hall-Of-Mirrors-inspired lobby, the broad-shouldered Arc de Triomphe never looked more stately or erect. Just beyond it were the spiraling Arabian fairy-tale towers of Aladdin, across from bold-as-brass Petticoat Palace.
Farther south, I took in the massive, cream-colored façade of Monte Carlo, where a veiled bride and her flock of maids hoisted their long skirts as they glided up the cascading steps. Gold-and-green-hued MGM Grand then lurched into view, with its buffed, bronze lion in regal repose above a phalanx of rushing fountains. Across the palm-lined boulevard, New York New York’s iconic skyline boasted scaled-down replicas of the Empire State Building, Brooklyn Bridge, and Statue of Liberty. Still to come were the candy-colored cone-towers of Excalibur, the colossal pyramid of Luxor, and golden-hued Mandalay Bay, like a gaudily wrapped Christmas present shimmering in the desert sun.
What a thrilling panorama! The Strip had never looked more vibrant, irreverent, or majestic. Striding back to the Venetian, I felt tired but elated, as if I were somehow part of all the flash and dazzle surrounding me. I remember thinking: if loving Las Vegas is wrong, I don’t wanna be right.
Back in my suite, the red light on my phone was throbbing menacingly, like a bulging vein about to burst. The messages were piling up. I couldn’t put it off any longer. Bracing myself, I dialed Roger’s cell.
“Wendy, where the hell have you been?” he barked. “I’ve left five messages. I wish you had your cell with you!” The intensity was quickly mounting. “What do you mean you’re not coming back tonight? Did something happen? Are you sick? Was there an accident?”
“Oh no, nothing like that, everything’s fine,” I said, trying to sound calm. “I just took a long walk down the Strip to clear my head. I hope you’ll understand. I, uh, need more time here.”
“What? You mean while I was worrying and trying to get ahold of you, you were out taking a stroll down the Strip? No, I don’t understand. What’s going on? Level with me. Right now!”
“Give me a chance and I will,” I shot back. “The truth is, I really enjoyed this weekend and I don’t want it to end just yet. Like I said, I need more time to relax, get away from everything, and reflect on all that’s happened in the past six months. It’s been a lot, you know. I moved to Texas to be with you, sold my condo in L.A., and worked out a job transfer to Houston. We got married, went to London for a month-long honeymoon, and tried to settle into the house from hell when we got back.
“I’m doing my best to adjust to Houston, but it doesn’t seem to be working. I don’t feel like I belong there, especially when I have to deal with your bosses’ snarky wives. And then my bosses in L.A. sold the company, and I lost the job that had been promised to me in Houston. That was a huge blow, believe me. Maybe you can’t understand, but please try. I need some time to process all that.”
“Okay, fine,” he snapped, “but there are a couple of things I need to run by you. Just stop and listen, if you can spare a minute. First off, we’ve been invited to a black-tie dinner-dance as Dan and Clare’s guests next week at the Cattleman’s Club. The governor’s going to be there, and I’ve already accepted. This is a huge honor, believe me.
Second, I have a landscape architect coming over tomorrow to talk about our back patio. Remember that? We were going to have it bricked over. And third, I finally got an appointment with the decorator for later this week, and I need you there to help decide on the carpeting for the den, light fixtures for the kitchen, and paint colors for the bedrooms. All your closet makeovers are on hold till the decorators are finished. So you may think extending your weekend is no big deal, but it’s a huge deal to me.”
“I’m sorry!” I cried. “How could I have known all that was going on? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I haven’t been able to reach you, dammit! You didn’t take your cell. You were out all weekend, and when I did manage to catch you on Saturday, you had more important business at the swimming pool. And then last night you were too tired.”
“Okay, yeah, I’ve been running like crazy the past few days,” I admitted sheepishly. “I don’t know what else to say. Can’t you go to the dinner-dance without me? Is that possible?”
“I really don’t know,” Roger snapped. “Yeah, I guess so, but it will look pretty strange. When people ask where my new wife is, what am I supposed to say? At a spa in Vegas? In the craps pit at Caesar’s? Shopping for shoes at Bellagio? What the hell do you want me to do?”
“Can’t you put off the appointments with the landscape guy and decorator for a couple weeks?”
“Maybe, but they’re really busy and both of them are leaving town after Memorial Day.”
“Roger, stop trying to lay a guilt trip on me. I’m sorry, but I need a little more time. You’ll just have to work things out as best you can.”
“Okay, fine, a little time. How much? A week, two weeks, six weeks? How long?”
He sounded nervous, upset, angry as a pit bull.
“A week or two,” I replied.
“Is Paula still there?” he asked.
“No, she had to get back to L.A. to pick up her dog at a pet clinic. Apparently, he tried to kill himself with an overdose of Valium.”
“What? Can a dog try to kill itself with pills? That sounds crazy.”
“I don’t know. Paula said it was an accident, but the vet thought it was intentional.”
“That doesn’t make sense. But then again, nothing about Paula makes sense.”
“She also had to get back to her job. I rode to the airport with her. After we said goodbye, I went to the gate to catch my flight. I really did plan on coming home tonight, but right before boarding, I had this mini-meltdown. Everything came at me at once. I just couldn’t get on that plane.
“It’s not like I’m totally alone here. I’ve gotten to know Paula’s sister, Paige, and her roommate, Serena, a little. I can do things with them, and maybe you can come up for a day or two.”
“I don’t know about that,” he answered mechanically, like it was an excuse. “I’ve been working sixteen-hour days. You know that, or maybe you don’t. We’ve got a problem with the zoning guys over in Wiggin, and it’s not going away anytime soon. They’re saying the commercial buildings can’t exceed 12 stories, but my plans call for at least 15. It’s going to take a helluva lot of convincing to get them to waive it. We’ve got an uphill battle on our hands that’s going to take every spare minute. I’d like to fly up, but that doesn’t seem likely. So, what date did you change your return flight to?”
“I, uh, didn’t change it. I canceled it.”
His tone abruptly went from confused to alarmed.
“What? Why?” he raged. “If you’re planning on coming back in a week or two, why didn’t you just change the date? Something sounds screwy here.”
“Roger, please! I don’t know why I canceled. I guess I wasn’t thinking straight. So I’ll lose a couple hundred bucks. It’s no big deal. I’ll just buy another ticket when I come back.”
“This is sounding stranger and stranger,” he said, his voice trailing off.
“Trust me, there’s nothing strange about it,” I shot back. “I’ll make another reservation, I promise. In the meantime, why don’t you fly up for a weekend? You can do it. It’s just a few days. We’ll have a fun Vegas getaway like we used to with Ron and Paula.”
“I can’t. There’s the dinner-dance at the Club. I’m playing golf with Dan and a couple structural guys on Saturday. And, didn’t you hear me, I’m swamped with this zoning business. I can’t leave town right now.”
Why was Roger being so difficult? Did he really have that much work, or was he trying to punish me for not coming back tonight? That sounded more like it. I felt confused, disappointed. I wanted to see him. I really did. I just didn’t want to see him in Houston.
“Yes, I understand.” I said, sighing. “You’re busy. So maybe it’s better that I’m up here. You can do your work without any distractions.”
“You’re not a distraction, dammit, you’re my wife!” he barked. “We’re newlyweds. You should be here taking care of all this house stuff with me, looking for another job, and going to the dinner-dance. What will people say? What will they think? I don’t even know what to think myself.”
“What people?” I snapped.
“Maxwell, Dan, Clare, Doris, Earl, Lisa, to name a few,” he thundered.
“Oh, Roger, come on. Maxwell’s our neighbor. He has my e-mail address and can get in touch anytime. Dan and Earl are your bosses, not your uncles. Lisa’s Dan’s daughter and has her own life to worry about. And Clare and Doris are your bosses’ wives. Those obnoxious busybodies have nothing better to do than stick their big, fat noses in my life. They’ll never be happy with anything I do, so why should I care? This is about you and me, no one else. They can all just get on with their lives and not worry about where I am, or what I’m doing. It’s none of their business!”
“Oh Wendy, if only it were that simple. I’m an architect in charge of a huge project here. I moved from L.A. to take this job. Dan and Earl trust and believe in me. And you’re my new wife. What you do reflects on me. It’s very awkward when they ask about you.”
Now he was getting me really steamed.
“You poor thing.” I sneered. “Am I supposed to rush back so that you won’t have to deal with the awkwardness? I love you, Roger, and I miss you, but I’m going to stay here another week or two. The time will fly, you’ll see. We can call each other every day. Maybe we’ll talk even more on the phone than we do when we’re in the same house.”
“Wendy, you can sugarcoat this all you want, but this extended stay is ridiculous,” he lashed out. “We’re newlyweds for Chrissakes! If anything, we should be on an extended honeymoon, making plans for our future, not taking separate vacations.”
“Roger, don’t try to make me feel guilty by pretending our life in Houston has been some kind of romantic romp. It hasn’t. You work 12 hours a day, and we don’t even sleep in the same room because of those damn lizards running all over the walls. You’ve been promising to get rid of them since we got back from London, but they were there when I left, they’re still there now, and they’ll probably be there when I get back, right?”
“Well, yeah. Like I told you on Saturday, Rusty from Pest Patrol can’t find the entry point, so he doesn’t know how to treat the problem. But I haven’t given up. I’m going to talk to him again when things calm down, or maybe you can meet with him when you get back. Anyway, he says they’re harmless.”
“Harmless?” I exclaimed. “I lived in L.A. for 25 years. I don’t want slimy green reptiles slithering around the walls of my bedroom! It scares the hell out of me, turns my stomach. I can practically hear them scratching around in the dark, like rats. I can’t sleep in there. What if they fell on me, or ran across my arm or leg or face?”
“Okay, okay, I hear you,” Roger responded. “Don’t get hysterical. I’m trying to deal with the problem. If you’re so worried, why don’t you come back and take care of it yourself? I can’t do everything around here, and work 80 hours a week. I need some help.”
“I’ll be back in two weeks,” I cried. Then I added in a more reassuring tone, “That’s not so long, is it? I’ll be a happier person and a better wife, I promise! I just need you to understand what I’m doing, and why.”
“I understand what you’re doing,” he shot back, “but not why. Look, I’ve got to go. I have an early meeting tomorrow with Dan, Earl, and a zoning commissioner. Dan said a reporter from the Wiggin Crier wants to talk to me. Maybe I can get my side of the story out. Like I said, I need to get going. The web host on my computer’s down, and I have to call the Geek Squad so I can download a bunch of reports for tomorrow.
“I can’t believe you’re still up there,” he wailed, “but it’s your call. I can’t make you get on a plane if you don’t want to. I’ll go to the dinner-dance solo. I guess I don’t have much of a choice. And I’ll postpone the landscape guy and decorator. We’ll reschedule when they get back. Gotta run. I’ll call you soon. Bye.”
My heart sank when I heard the click on the other end. I wanted to call him back immediately, to beg him to understand why I wasn’t coming back tonight, to tell him I loved him, and demand that he say he loved me, too, and that everything was going to be alright. But I couldn’t. I was terrified he wouldn’t do it, or that he’d say he was busy and hang up, or that we’d end up continuing the fight, or getting into an even bigger one. But I didn’t want to leave it like that. So I picked up the phone and started to dial. Then I froze. I just stood there, mute and immobile, like one of those Roman statues in the Caesar’s fountain show that stays silent until it’s programmed to speak.
I guess I couldn’t blame Roger for being angry, but I knew he’d get over it sooner or later. Still, I felt like I was failing him. But at the same time, I was outraged that his main concern was how my extended stay would look to others, how he would explain it to those high-society snobs in Houston. Oh, what the hell. The important thing was that I’d gotten a reprieve from the governor and I’d be staying another week or two.
I felt tired, anxious, and suddenly starved. After polishing off a turkey sandwich and fries from room service, I finished unpacking. Then I collapsed on my feather bed and fell into a deep sleep in my cozy, rose-colored suite high above the Strip.
The next morning, I made my way to Lenotre, the cheery bakery-cafe in Paris, where I parked myself at a corner table, tucked into a chocolate chip croissant, and contemplated my immediate future. I wondered what I would do here. Would I end up staying one week, two weeks, or longer? What would this do to my marriage? What would people say about me back in Houston? That I’d run off to Vegas after three-and-a-half months of marriage? But I hadn’t run off to Vegas, had I? Wasn’t that what desperate drama queens, aspiring showgirls, fugitives from justice, and troubled teens did?
I wondered if maybe there should be another category added to this list: bored-but-anxious-newlywed-wives-who’ve-recently-relocated-can’t-cook-have-lost-their-jobs-and-identities-and-can’t-communicate-with-their-workaholic-husbands-or-face-the-responsibilities-of-marriage?

***** Chapter 2 *****
Mount Rushmore Meets the Left Bank
For days, the fight with Roger over my extended stay haunted me. Not even a $200 Detox Seaweed Body Wrap and a long soak in Spa Bellagio’s hot tub could shake the harshness. Lying back in the swirling water, butt naked, with my eyes closed and my hair in a towel, I tried to forget the argument and focus instead on the good times. Believe it or not, there had been many, going all the way back to the moment we met, seven years before when I was a 38-year-old singleton.
I could still recall clearly that spring day in 2008 when my boss and best friend, Carol Guthrie, brought this handsome dynamo of a guy to my office and introduced him as the architect for our new accessories annex. Sparks flew as we shook hands and checked each other out. Everything about Roger Sinclair, from his heathery tweed jacket and casually knotted silk tie to his expensive Italian loafers, was sophisticated and understated. But when he smiled, there was this mischievous little-boy twinkle in his eyes that told me he could be fun. My first impression: solid, secure, artistic. Mount Rushmore meets the Left Bank. Does it get any better than that?
Carol tiptoed out of my office and left us alone. The bright L.A. sun streamed in and lit up the reddish highlights in Roger’s tousled dark brown hair. I offered him coffee. He took it black with sugar. We talked over plans for the new wing, but it was hard to concentrate. His voice was so pleasant and mellow, like cool water running over pebbles in a remote mountain stream. Ahhh. I wanted to drink it in.
With his warm, brown eyes wandering from my hair to my eyes to my mouth to my breasts, he explained how Panache would still carry six floors of clothing, from casual sportswear, to red-carpet gowns, to haute couture. At that point, we could’ve been discussing sofa beds and Barcaloungers. Who cared? I felt lightheaded.
After that first meeting, Roger and I were soon lunching together every day, talking about lots of things, not just the annex. We flirted, of course, but I didn’t know where it would lead, nor did I care. Carol told me he’d been dating a beautiful, socially prominent architect for a couple of years, but she also urged me to go for it if there was a mutual attraction. And believe me, there was.
As the weeks flew by, we tried to ignore our feelings and stay focused on the project. It worked, most of the time. I was flattered that Roger drew me into his plans and sought my opinions. But he didn’t just listen to my ideas. He went out of his way to let Carol and her husband, Paul, know they were mine. Only a generous, secure guy would do that. He even brushed aside some of the interior designer’s ideas on color schemes and sales-station layouts and took mine instead. Can you understand why I fell for this guy big time?
A few months after we met, Carol bounded into my office one day to tell me she’d heard from a friend that Roger and his girlfriend had split up. I tried to look nonchalant, but I was over the moon. A couple of days later, he took me on our first real date, dinner at Ivy at the Shore in Santa Monica. While we sat at a romantic front porch table eating steamed mussels and crab cakes, he told me about the break-up and asked about the guys I’d dated. It was a very intimate conversation, all hushed voices, breathy sighs, and long, lingering looks. I don’t think either one of us was aware of anyone else in the world that night but each other.
After dinner, a valet got the car, and the minute we were inside, Roger reached over and kissed me – a steamy, passionate kiss between two people who suddenly became one – I didn’t know where he left off and I began. My heart still races when I think about it.
On the drive to my condo, we were both quiet, too nervous and excited to make small talk, or any other kind. As soon as we were inside, with our clothes half on, half off, we made love on my living room floor, too swept away to even make it to the bedroom. I was shocked that someone as buttoned down and conservative as Roger could be so passionate and let go of himself like that. But nothing could stop this insane desire we felt for each other, this powerful wanting, like a waterfall of passion pouring over us, sweeping us away. We were in love from that night. A couple, soul mates, lovers, best friends. A thousand chameleons couldn’t have kept us apart!
Yeah, we got along great, in bed and out. Roger cherished and appreciated me in a way that no one ever had. He loved my dark humor, creativity, and how into my job I was. Most of the guys I’d dated had been threatened by these things. Not Roger. He made me feel like I was the most talented, special, beautiful woman in the world. Those first two or three years were the happiest of my life.
Beyond the sizzling sex, our courtship was a blur of five-star dinners in elegant restaurants; European vacations; weekend flings in Palm Springs and Santa Barbara, and plenty of A-list parties, premieres, and awards’ shows. Everything from the Peoples’ Choice and Oscars, to the Golden Globes and Grammys. And why not? Half the gowns on the red carpet came from the high-fashion department store I worked for in Beverly Hills, so guess who got VIP passes?
Roger and I were one of those golden couples everyone wants to be when they grow up. But it had been a long and winding road, especially for me. In 25 years in L.A., I’d dated my share of men, most of them poster boys for bad relationships. An endless assortment of financial cripples, druggies, wimps, deadbeats, and cads.
Roger was a breath of fresh air after all those dicey characters. I knew right off he was a gentleman, well educated and refined. He’d graduated from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, the leafy Chicago suburb where he grew up as the only child of a successful architect and a mother who taught economics. He was handsome, sensitive, and cultured, but also masculine and sexy. How could I resist? And there was this air of remoteness that made him seem slightly elusive and mysterious. I remember thinking: I’ll never get bored with this guy.
Our condos were within blocks of each other in Santa Monica, so we spent most nights and weekends at my place. We talked about living together, but I think we both liked things the way they were, romantic and casual, with no dirty socks, dishwashing issues, or lawn-sprinkler crises to spoil it. Who needs all that tedious domestic stuff anyway? It just ruins your manicure, makes you cranky, and gives you backaches. And yes, the M word did come up, but neither one of us was in any kind of hurry. I didn’t want kids; my biological clock was basically busted. And Roger was ambivalent, so why bother?
Carol couldn’t have been happier about the way things turned out, and took full credit as matchmaker. She’d known Roger socially for years, liked and respected him, and considered me a member of her family. Not only did she just about throw me into his arms, despite the girlfriend, but when I broke the big news that he’d been offered an important job in Houston and I was thinking of joining him there, she told me to go for it.
Of course, she was sad at the thought of losing me, but then, out of the blue, she and Paul surprised me with a fantastic offer. When it became known that the general manager of Panache-Houston would retire in the spring of 2015, they suggested I take his job. It was a lateral move, but no small thing, and perfect timing. When he left, I would step right in as GM. I was thrilled that I would continue with the company, and they seemed relieved that I would remain “in the family.”
“Panache is kind of like the Mafia, or a roach motel,” Paul cracked over lunch at Spago. “Once you’re in, you never get out.” Two weeks later, I moved to Houston. Unfortunately, Carol and Paul sold Panache one month after my move, and the job I was supposed to get in Houston went to someone else. Of course I felt betrayed and disappointed, but what could I do?
So four months after leaving L.A., there I was, an out-of-work, 45-year-old newlywed parked in a hot tub in Vegas, with pruny skin, an angry, confused husband in Texas, and a marriage on shaky ground.
As I dragged myself out of the swirling water, toweled down, and trotted off to a treatment room for a collagen sea kelp facial, I wondered if Roger and I had ever really known each other. Maybe not. Maybe during our L.A. years, we were in fairytale circumstances that made us think we knew each other, that made us believe we were in love and compatible. And maybe now that we were facing tough challenges, reality was finally setting in, and we couldn’t handle it.
Were all our happy years together an illusion? Poof! Now you see it, now you don’t, like when David Copperfield makes audience members disappear in his magic act at MGM Grand?

***** Chapter 3 *****
Late May 2015
“This Is Not a Breakdown or Midlife Crisis, Severe or any Other Kind!” I shrieked.
After resolving to both Roger and Panache out of my mind, I went on to spend the next two weeks having the time of my life on the Strip. It was a 24/7 merry-go-round, as I savored every inch of that gaudy, five-mile thoroughfare from Rat-Pack-vintage Sahara to good-ship-lollypop Mandalay Bay. The crush of the crowds, over-the-top food, shock ‘n’ awe shopping, in-your-face kinkiness, neon-suffocating excess. All of it.
I had been a workaholic all my adult life, so this was totally new. For the first time, I was utterly suspended in a never-never land of perpetual delight and endless self-indulgence. I slept in, skipped my workouts, and ate cheesecake for breakfast. I bought jewelry I didn’t need and would never wear. I treated myself to lengthy mud wraps and aloe vera facials just because. I spent hours flipping through fashion magazines while soaking in the hot tubs of spas up and down the Strip. I bought a half-dozen frivolous cocktail dresses one afternoon at Nanette Lepore in Caesar’s just for the hell of it. (No city has a better selection. Trust me on this, Vegas is Cocktail-Dress Central.) I took in all my favorite Cirque du Soleil shows: La Reve at Wynn, “O” at Bellagio, Mystere at Treasure Island, over and over. And if I felt like it, I ate chocolate fairy food while lolling in bed at three AM watching old movies. I did whatever the hell I wanted, whenever I wanted.
Was I happy? I don’t know. But I wasn’t really searching for happiness. I wanted pleasure, pure and simple. Maybe it wasn’t as satisfying as the true contentment touted by Greek philosophers, Mother Teresa, and Deepak Chopra, but still it was one helluva ride! In a city like Vegas, the odds for finding pleasure are always in your favor. As for hooking-up with happiness, here or anywhere, who knows?
While Vegas seduced me in a blur of trivial pastimes and decadent delights, Houston’s prickly problems faded. But after a couple of weeks of this fantasy life, reality abruptly intruded one afternoon when I went to the front desk to extend my stay and was told I couldn’t. Seems the hotel was booked solid from June through August with weddings and conventions. I would have to pack up and move out.
For a minute, I thought of going back to Houston like I’d told Roger I would. But I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I just wasn’t ready to leave the world of endless body wraps and facials, orgasmic shopping, all-night shows and clubs, and midnight steak-and-eggs specials to go back and face the music as Mrs. Roger Sinclair. Why should I? My bank accounts were lush, I had zero responsibilities, and I was having way too much fun. At times, sure, I missed my husband, but I knew he was totally wrapped up in his work, and that eased my guilt. I felt liberated, giddy, like I was flying a hundred stories high on that thrill ride, Insanity, atop Stratosphere. Why go back now?
After I failed to sweet-talk the Venetian reservations’ people into letting me stay on, I took a giant step and got myself a one-bedroom rental at Villa Las Vegas. This was the Spanish hacienda-style building where Paula’s younger sister, Paige Knowlton, and her bestie, Serena Delgado, had shared a two-bedroom flat for five years. They gave me the managers’ names, Bud and Connie Ellison, and in short order I scouted out an apartment and signed it up for two months. It wasn’t the ritziest of digs, with its scarred baseboards, pint-size closets, and all the charm of a cell at your local Motel 6, but they were willing to let me in ahead of the waitlist, and the girls would be right down the hall.
Unit 550 was a far cry from my posh condo in Santa Monica. Faux wooden beams accented the white cottage-cheese-plaster ceilings. The furniture, a hodgepodge of maple and oak pieces, was vintage garage sale. My living room sofa and loveseat were done up in a faded pine green fabric, none the worse for its wine, pizza, and god-only-knows what other kinds of stains. The dented, scratched-up maple dining set seated four. I did have a nice-size bedroom with a small closet, but the bath was tiny, with no cabinets or counter space, and the kitchen was a mild embarrassment, sparsely stocked with a lone, cheap skillet, white plastic dishes, a greasy can opener, and some well scraped Teflon pots without lids that screamed stomach cancer.
The garbage disposal sounded like someone had poured sand down it. The shower leaked. The toilet ran. Maid service and linens were provided twice a week, unless the maids walked off the job again, and then it was sporadic. Just a simple, straightforward arrangement that included a scrawny parking space, plus use of the grimy laundry room and gaudy Don Corleone Gym on the second floor, which held as many statues of Greek gods and goddesses as it did StairMasters and treadmills. The fung shui of the place was totally dysfunctional, but all in all, for $2,000 a month, it wasn’t a bad deal.
Outside my kitchen window there was a barren stretch of dusty lot littered with KFC buckets, broken beer bottles, condom wrappers, tumbleweeds, and some diehard Joshua and mesquite trees. All that was missing was a howling coyote and a few prairie dog carcasses. The Sierra Nevadas loomed in the distant horizon like giant, cocoa-colored cardboard wedges silhouetted against a western sky on the back lot at Paramount. In the late afternoon sun, the faraway peaks were luminous, bathed in a warm, golden light. A genuine touch of beauty and a bold contrast to the tacky, in-your-face billboards touting the benefits of breast enhancement surgeries and the fast-buck come-ons of personal injury attorneys.
Moving into the Villa wasn’t something I planned. To tell you the truth, I didn’t have a plan. But I did want to stay in Vegas and I didn’t feel like going to another hotel, so I signed the rental papers and wrote the check. That was the easy part. Then I called Roger.
Though he’d been fairly understanding (cooperative might be a better word) when I first extended my stay, by the end of the second week, his tone had sharpened. He seemed angry, confused, beginning to suspect I wasn’t coming back any time soon. It was just little things, like when he’d say, “See you soon,” at the end of a call, I’d reply with, “Hope so.” Then Roger would ask, “What do you mean by that?” and I’d say, “Nothing,” and hang up. But he was too smart to not know something was up.
During our seven years together, Roger and I had spoken every day, whether we were in the same city or not. Now, all that was changing. Our phone calls were becoming more sporadic, spaced a few days apart. And we had all but done away with the cutesy newlywed talk. The tone was crisper now, more blunt and businesslike, sometimes even curt and abrupt.
So things between us had grown more distant. Of course, I could understand why Roger resented my staying in Vegas. It violated everything he believed about marriage. And I was avoiding him because every time we spoke, he would try to make me feel guilty that I wasn’t with him to meet with the decorator, attend some inane cocktail party or charity event, or perform other typical wifely duties at his beckoning. Every time we spoke, I got the distinct impression I was flunking Wifedom 101.
“Roger angry with me” was a new concept, and one that took some getting used to. In seven years together, we rarely fought, and when we did, he was usually the one to call and make up. One of the things I loved most about him. But of course, renting an apartment in Vegas was a much weightier issue than accidentally blowing everything on his desktop, which I did once on a trip to Sausalito, or dealing with slimy mini-reptiles slithering around the walls of our bedroom. Way up there on the Marital Richter Scale. To be perfectly honest, I was afraid to tell Roger about the apartment. It’s not the easiest thing in the world, you know, breaking the news to your husband of four months that you’ve rented a flat in another city. I knew there’d be fireworks, and this time he wouldn’t be the one to call and make up. But my mind was set. Full speed ahead and damn the torpedoes! I had to tell him, and soon, before he tried to call me at the Venetian and learned I’d checked out.
When I finally caught him between meetings, I began gently, hesitantly, “Honey, uh, there’s something I need to tell you.” Then I proceeded gingerly, trying to make it sound like it wasn’t a big deal. “I found out the other day from the reservations people at the Venetian that they’re sold out for the next couple of months, and I wanted to stay a bit longer.”
Stone-cold silence. Uh-oh.
“So I rented a place in the same building where Paula’s sister lives.”
Now, that wasn’t so hard, was it, I told myself. Taking a deep breath, I ramped up my courage and rolled on.
“It’s a small, furnished one-bedroom right down the hall from her. The manager let me take it on a month-to-month basis, so there’s no big commitment. It’s kind of nice, a mountain view and all that, and it’s much cheaper than the Venetian.”
More silence on the other end. Finally, the eruption. Even worse than I’d expected. “You rented an apartment up there?” Roger yelled. “Why? There are 75,000 hotel rooms on the Strip! What the hell is this? You were supposed to come back in a few days. That’s what you’ve been telling me. And now you’ve rented a place up there? I should’ve seen this coming. What does this mean? Is this permanent? Are you moving up there?” There was blind fury in his voice.
“No, no, nothing like that,” I said firmly, trying to stay calm and reassure him. “I just needed to get out of the Venetian, so I took this place because I could get it right away, and it was easier and cheaper than going to another hotel.”
“Oh, how nice,” he replied, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “And did it ever occur to you, for one minute, to just pack up your things and come home?”
“Uh, yeah, I did think about it. But I can’t. I need more time. I’m not ready.”
“Not ready for what?” he lashed out. “To be married to me? Do you want a separation, a divorce? Because if you do, just say so, and we can end the agony right here, right now, for both of us.”
I’d never heard him so angry. For a long moment I was stunned, speechless.
“God no! A separation? A divorce? No! We just got married four months ago. Why would we do that? Who said anything about a separation or divorce? I just need a little space.”
“Space? You need space? Isn’t that what mixed-up teenyboppers say when they can’t deal with reality or face their responsibilities? How trite. You have space issues. That’s so unoriginal. Why did you marry me if you want space? Why did you do it? Do you even know the meaning of the word, marriage?” he asked bitterly.
“I didn’t plan this.” I sputtered.
“Well, I sure as hell didn’t!” he barked back.
“Roger, don’t make this any harder than it already is. I just can’t come back right now. I need more time.”
“That’s what you said two weeks ago. Well, how much time? A couple more weeks, months, years? What are you doing up there? What do you do all day in Narcissism Central? Go to spas and clubs, shop for clothes, vegetate in front of slot machines? Don’t you ever get bored with endless oxygen bars and hot tubs? How many facials can you get? You only have one face. Don’t you ever get bored with the never-ending shopping? How many dresses, watches, purses, can you possibly own? Are you becoming another Paula? A Marie-Antoinette wannabe? A poster-girl for greed and excess? But wait. Maybe I’m wrong.”
I shuddered. He was bellowing now. In the throes of a full-throttle marital meltdown.
“Maybe it’s not the spas or shopping. Maybe it’s another guy. Have you met someone up there? A traveling salesman from Cleveland? A lounge lizard at Bellagio? What have you been doing the past two-and-a-half weeks, anyway? You said this would be a long weekend, but you’ve been gone almost three weeks. Was it that bad here? At least we were together. Were you that unhappy? What the hell’s going on with you, Wendy? Why can’t I get a straight answer out of you?”
What could I say? How could I explain to Roger something I barely understood myself? That I was simply on a long vacation from everything. Work, marriage, friends, household duties. Everything. That’s all. Was this a midlife crisis? No. Yes. Maybe. Was I having some kind of breakdown? No. Did I want a divorce? No. Did I want another guy? No. Did I want another job? No. The truth was, I just wanted to be free for a while. Suspended in mid-air. Free of obligations, expectations, responsibilities. Why was that so hard to explain? Why was that so hard to understand? I had the time. I had the money. I wanted it. I needed it. I deserved it. So, why not?
“Roger, I’m sorry about all this!” I sniveled. “Yes, of course I’ve been shopping and going to spas. Why wouldn’t I? I’m on vacation. I have plenty of money from the sale of my condo and my severance check, and I can do what I want with it. And there’s no other guy. I can’t believe you even asked that. I’m not looking. I’m married to you, and I plan on staying that way. But you’re going to be busy with Magnolia Crescent for a long time, so maybe this will be the best thing for both of us. You can concentrate on your work and not worry about how I’m adjusting to Houston, or whether or not I’m getting along with your bosses’ wives.”
“Wendy, don’t spin this to make it look like you’re staying up there to help me do my job better. Like you’re doing me a favor. You tried that line two weeks ago, and it almost worked. It’s ridiculous. You’re doing this because it’s what you want. You don’t give a damn about what I want. What I want is for you to come home. Now! You’re the most important thing in my life. I don’t give a damn how many hours I work. I still need you. We’ve been together seven years. Now we’re married. This new life I’m making was meant for both of us!”
With an anguished sigh, he went on. “What do you want me to do? Walk away from the most challenging, exciting opportunity of my career, the one that could put me on the map as an architect, and move back to L.A. with you? Well, I’ll do it. I’ll do it! I’ll walk into Dan’s office first thing tomorrow and tell him I don’t want to continue with the project, that I’m moving back to L.A. for personal reasons, and they can find another guy. Then you and I can go back to the way we were.”
His proposal caught me totally off guard. For a moment, it was tempting, the thought of living in L.A. again. But I quickly came to my senses.
“Roger, you don’t mean that, you’re just upset,” I quickly countered. “Besides, I don’t want to go back to L.A. My job there no longer exists, my condo’s gone, and so is yours. I want to stay here for the time being, for a few more weeks, or maybe longer. I don’t know how long it will take. But both of us going back to L.A. won’t solve anything. And you’d never forgive me if you gave up the project, so you might as well stay there and keep working.”
“Wendy, get your act together and come home!” he pleaded, softening a bit. “Every day people ask what you’re doing up there. They all wanted to know why you weren’t at the club dance. It sounds so lame when I tell them you’re on a vacation or spending time with friends. After all, we just got married four months ago. People are getting suspicious. They wonder if we’re separated, if the marriage was a mistake. They’re even whispering about whether or not the marriage is legal.”
On and on he went, ratcheting up the guilt.
“Clare, Dan, Lisa. They ask about you all the time. They just can’t make sense of why you would leave your new husband and run off to Vegas, of all places, for weeks on end. They can’t understand that kind of behavior. What are they going to say when they hear you want to stay even longer?”
“Oh God, Roger, why does this have to be so complicated?” I asked wearily. “You can get around their stupid questions. It’s simple. You’re in Houston working. I’m in Vegas on an extended vacation. End of story.”
“It’s not the end of the story for me!” he fired back. “I have to deal with everyone’s questions about why you’re still up there. It’s not like you went to Kansas, or Omaha, or Peoria. It’s Vegas, for Chrissakes! People are curious. I just wish I had a decent answer, but I don’t understand it myself.”
To be honest, I didn’t fully understand it either, but I knew this was the way things had to be for now. I just hoped Roger would get used to the idea that I was staying in Sin City for a while.
“Wendy, you sound so mixed up,” he rambled on. “Maybe you’re in the middle of some kind of breakdown, or severe midlife crisis, and you need to talk to someone, a therapist, to figure out what’s really going on.”
“This is not a breakdown or a midlife-crisis, severe or any other kind!” I insisted. “And I don’t need therapy! I just want to stay in Vegas for a while. Is that a sign of mental illness, or some deep neurosis?”
“I don’t know. Beats me. You tell me.”
“Well if it is, a helluva lot of people are in the same boat. About 40 million souls wander here every year, and 4,000 to 6,000 move in every month,” I shot back. “And as long as we’re talking about neurotic behavior, why don’t you go to a shrink to find out why you’re such a compulsive workaholic and why you’re so hell-bent and determined to gain the approval of your bosses and their psycho-bitch wives. It’s almost like you miss your parents so much you’re trying to turn Dan and Clare into surrogates, to get Mummy and Daddy’s approval from the grave. You’re 50 years old, goddammit. Grow up!”
“That’s ludicrous!” he shouted, cutting me off. “Dan’s my boss, Clare’s his wife. Of course I want them to like me, and my work. And I’m new in town. I don’t know many people, so we’ve become friends. But that’s it. My parents have been dead 10 years and I’ve come to terms with it. Yeah, I miss them a lot. I guess that’s something you can’t understand. Your parents have been dead 15 years, and you don’t even talk about them. I know you weren’t close to them or your brother, but my parents and I got along great. Sorry I brought up therapy!” he barked. “But why are we even talking about me? You’re the one who bolted after three-and-a-half months of marriage and a seven-year relationship. I find that behavior strange and disturbing. I thought you might need a trained professional, someone objective to talk to.”
“Well, I don’t!” I sneered. “But thanks for the suggestion. And the last thing I want to talk about is my parents. They ignored me every day of my life. Yours paid too much attention to you. That’s your problem. You still think you’re the center of the universe.”
“That’s ridiculous!” Roger shouted, “I don’t feel that way at all.”
“The hell you don’t!” I yelled. “You were an only child, adored by both parents from the minute you were born. I barely knew either of my parents, even though we lived in the same house for twenty years. My father was always working. My mother was locked away in her studio, painting. And I never got along with my brother, especially after my parents left him everything. The house in Denver, the restaurant, the place in the mountains, my mother’s jewelry. Everything!” I shrieked.
“Well, from a practical standpoint,” Roger said calmly, rationally, “I can understand it. Tom is settled, stable. He’s always lived in Denver and worked at Cantrell’s. His wife works there. It was your dad’s restaurant, so it’s part of his legacy. Their kids will probably take over some day.”
“But still,” I cried, “I’m their daughter. I didn’t deserve to be totally left out. This is so typical. Why are you taking their side?”
“I’m not taking anyone’s side. I’m just trying to make you understand it from their perspective. Your father was a businessman. From a business perspective, it made sense to leave everything to Tom.”
“Well, from a daughter’s perspective, it hurt like hell!” I lashed out. “One more rejection, one more reminder, you are totally insignificant. A final slap in the face, from the grave.”
“But Wendy, you left Denver when you were twenty. After you moved to L.A., you barely saw them. Tom was always there.”
“It wasn’t all my fault,” I cut in. “I was working six days a week, seven during awards’ season, and flying to New York and Paris for fashion weeks. When did I have time? They never tried to see me either.”
“Okay, okay,” Roger backed off. “I’m sorry. I didn’t want to discuss your family. You’re the one who brought up my parents. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“Well, it’s a little late for that,” I snapped. “But, hey, it doesn’t really matter. That part of my life is over, okay? I’m dealing with it.”
“Yeah, Wendy,” he answered sarcastically. “You sound like you’re dealing with it.”
There was a brief lull. I sighed and rolled my eyes.
“I can see we’re not getting anywhere,” I finally said. “The last thing I wanted when I picked up the phone was to get in a fight with you. If you want to talk more about what’s going on with us, we can. But let’s do it in person. When can you come up for a weekend?”
He hemmed and hawed.
“Oh, uh, I don’t know about that,” he said in a weird, quiet tone. “I’ll try, but it won’t be anytime soon. The zoning guys are coming down on us pretty hard. Like I told you, they don’t want the commercial buildings any higher than twelve stories, and I’ve got them planned for fifteen to twenty. This is a make-or-break issue. The project’s on the line. There’s a lot of time and research involved. My weekends are shot.”
Now he was going into Shutdown Mode, his voice starting to trail off. I needed to end this call as quickly and civilly as possible.
“Well, let me know when you can fly up,” I said after a long pause. “And, uh, please send along any mail that’s been forwarded from L.A., will you? Unless you want to bring it when you come up? I just want the important stuff, none of that nail salon or tummy tuck crap, okay?”
“Yeah, sure. E-mail me your address. There are some letters, a postcard from Carol and Paul in Hong Kong, a few credit card bills, something from your friend, Erin, in Denver. That’s about it. What am I, your valet? Look, I’ve got to go. I have a meeting in a few minutes. Give me your number. I’ll try to call in a few days.”
My heart sank when I heard the click on the other end. But it could have been worse. At least it ended on a halfway civil note. Yes, Roger was upset. But what could I expect? He was unhappy with me, and I was unhappy about that, but I knew he’d eventually get used to the idea that I was staying here for the time being. Until he did, I would try to brush aside his anger and disapproval and get on with my extended vacay in Fantasy Land.

***** Chapter 4 *****
June 2015
What were the odds for Roger and me at that point? Fifty-fifty at best?
As the days flew by at the Villa, I spent a lot of time with Paige and Serena in their spacious two-bedroom flat down the hall from mine. I often popped in for morning coffee, and sometimes even dinner. Paige was a really good cook, Serena not so much.
Later in the day, I would visit the girls at Petticoat Palace during their 5-to-midnght shift. They were both Stardealers, tribute artists who performed nightly on elevated stages in the casino when they weren’t dealing blackjack or poker.
Petticoat Palace was a fave of mine. The sprawling, 50-year-old retro casino was on the center Strip. I was crazy about its Stardealer shows. How could I not be? It takes a helluva lot of nerve to get up on a stage in the middle of a crowded casino, dressed as a famous singer or dancer, and perform in front of hundreds of strangers whose eyes are already fixed on slot machines, roulette wheels, craps tables, and cocktail waitresses. As a celebrity impersonator, you’re providing free entertainment, but they don’t have to watch, and won’t, unless you’re good enough to make them.
Such was life for Paige, Serena, and the other Stardealers. Night after night, I watched their shows, blown away. Some of these topnotch tribute artists, like the faux Bette Midler, Garth Brooks, Tina Turner, and an electrifying duo performing as Elvis and Ann-Margret, killed. They had the energy, talent, and style to make you think you were watching the real thing. Others, like the ersatz Tiny Tim, Mae West, Carmen Miranda, and Charo, bombed. They came across as tacky wannabes who couldn’t sing, dance, or simulate the style of the originals.
Luckily, Paige’s Dolly Parton and Serena’s Cher were both hits, two of the brightest stars in the Petticoat galaxy. Dressed in a glamorous, silver-sequined gown and platinum-blond wig, Paige, as Dolly, belted out spunky versions of “9 to 5,” “Harper Valley PTA,” and “Here You Come Again.” Every number rocked.
And Serena blew me away as Cher. A perfect match. Tall, tanned, reed-thin, with the same hooked nose, high cheekbones, and dark, smoldering eyes as the real deal.
Though her personality was more passive and laid back than Cher’s, once she was made up and in costume, Serena took on Cher’s diva persona to a T, exuding passion, sensuality and artistic flair. How could she not in those racy get-ups? Hanging in her dressing room closet were a half-dozen eye-popping knockoffs of Bob Mackie originals: a short chartreuse dress with sequins on its sleeves and down both sides of its split front; a sparkly red-spangled mini-dress with a black-and-white ostrich feather wrap; a pink, yellow and gold flouncy dress for “Gypsies, Tramps, and Thieves;” and tight, striped bellbottoms for “The Beat Goes On.”
Serena dieted and exercised compulsively, kept her skin a gleaming cocoa brown, and even had the same butterfly-and-flowers tattoo on her butt as Cher. Whatever she was doing, it was working. It was pure magic to stand in the casino and listen to her, poured into a slinky, low-cut gown, with full make-up and long black hair, singing “Believe,” “Baby, Don’t Go,” or “Take Me Home.”
The Stardealers rocked on stage. When they finished their numbers, they stayed in costume while dealing blackjack, poker, and working as croupiers at the roulette wheels surrounding the stage. Paige and Serena often pulled in $300 to $500 a night in tips. Hands down, their tables were the most popular in the casino.
By now, it must be obvious that I was spending a lot of time at Petticoat watching Paige, Serena, and the other Stardealers. But there was another reason I was turning into a casino rat. For the first time in my life, I was actually enjoying gambling. On previous trips to Sin City, I hadn’t played much because Roger showed no interest, but all of a sudden I was trying a little of everything. You know the drill: when in Rome.
For a while, roulette was my go-to game because it was easy and fast, but I ended up losing a bundle.
Blackjack could be fun. I wasn’t nearly as good as Paula, but I loved the game and learned a lot by watching other players. There were as many girls as guys, like in roulette, while craps and poker tend to be more macho turf.
On slower, more brain-dead nights, when I couldn’t have strategized my way out of a paper bag, I could always find a slot machine to keep me company. These seductive, one-armed bandits have RNGs (random number generators) ticking away inside them 24/7. Like the human heart, only more reliable and malevolent. Depending on my luck, and the split second I hit the button, the reels would spin a combination that would make me an instant winner or a down-and-out loser. It’s totally random, but the odds are stacked against you for sure. Like finding your one true love in a singles’ bar in Laughlin, or a jacket on the 50%-off rack at Macy’s that’s an exact match for the taupe skirt you bought on sale at Neiman’s.
Craps was probably my all-time favorite table game. Whatever turns up on the dice, it’s pretty straightforward. It’s all about luck, a little strategy, and taking a chance. Also, optimism. All forms of gambling depend on it. You have to believe, on some level, that despite the odds, and the house advantage, you’re going to come out ahead sooner or later. If you didn’t believe that, you wouldn’t put your money down, would you? That’s what drives most casino players: blind faith in good luck. Unless, of course, you’re a compulsive gambler. From what I’ve heard, they’re driven by the need to lose, though they would never admit it, and will keep on playing till they do.
It may sound strange, but in a lot of ways gambling and religion are alike. Both are based on faith, and the ability to believe in the power of forces (gods, luck) you can’t see. There are real, historic links between gambling and religion.
A pit boss at Caesar’s once told me that card games, roulette wheels, and dice all originated thousands of years ago when Shamans (holy medicine men) used them in religious rituals. Somewhere along the way, monetary jackpots got substituted for spiritual ones, and the Shamans were replaced by dealers and pit bosses. But there’s still an element of ritual in all forms of gambling that gives you a sense of comfort and security in the same way that smoking a cigarette, sipping a martini, rubbing rosary beads, or attending a religious service might.
Come to think of it, marriage and gambling also have a lot in common. The odds are against you, but you don’t let that stop you, do you? I guess it’s human nature to look on the bright side. Gambling and marriage have both survived for thousands of years, based on that simple concept.
We want to believe it’s going to work out for us, even though it hasn’t for so many others. We want to believe that we will somehow overcome the odds and come out a winner. Screw logic. Lady Luck will be on my side this time. Or will it? I had to wonder: What were the odds for Roger and me at that point? Fifty-fifty at best?

***** Chapter 5 *****
Even Grandma Moses would look hot on the GhostDeck or VooDoo patio!
Over the weeks, I got closer to Paige and Serena. I loved watching them strut their stuff on stage, and hanging out with them on their days and nights off. On Sunday nights, I often had dinner with them and their boyfriends at their apartment. When he was in town, Gary Slade, the cute, sexy, 50ish pilot who lived upstairs on the seventh floor, joined us. I knew him a little, because, on our raucous girls’ weekend in May, he’d had a hot fling with Paula, and they were still checking in daily by phone.
At Paige and Serena’s dinners, Gary and I would sit next to each other and discuss his adventures on the road that week with Posse, the rock group he flew from gig to gig. That wasn’t all we talked about. He was very curious about my marriage, but then again who wasn’t? He couldn’t understand why Roger and I were living in different cities. Newlyweds usually don’t behave like that, do they? When he asked questions, I tried to blow them off with trite explanations like, “My husband’s busy working, I talk to him every day,” blah, blah, blah.
That only seemed to ratchet up his interest. But Gary had the good sense and tact to not pry any further, which is more than I can say for Paula. The minute she heard I was renting a flat at the Villa, she called to grill me. Bringing up a chat we’d had about my dreary sex life with Roger, she bluntly asked if I was staying in Vegas to avoid more boring sex with him.
Right then, I realized I’d regret confiding in her about the lack of sex in my marriage for the rest of my life. What was I thinking? Leave it to one-track-mind Paula to automatically assume there was a sexual motivation for what I was doing. I laughed it off and assured her that my marriage, in bed and out, was fine. But of course, it wasn’t. How could it be?
Whatever my problems, career or marital, they were easy to forget in Vegas, where there were a million distractions. I found myself rushing headlong into this exciting new world, with Paige and Serena often along as my accomplices. Playing tourist with me on their days off, we’d drive up to Red Rock Canyon for horseback riding, shop the outlet malls in Laughlin and Primm, tour Hoover Dam and Mt. Charleston, or kick back on a paddleboat cruise around Lake Mead.
Back on the Strip, we checked out the runway action at Fashion Show Mall, took in glitzy shows like 42nd Street and Mamma Mia!, and sampled facials and mud wraps in Vegas’s poshest pamper palaces. We even did funky stuff downtown like the Rat Pack is Back show at the Plaza and a tour of the Neon Boneyard Museum, a humongous parking lot near Fremont Street with over 200 neon signs from gone-baby-gone Vegas venues like the Silver Slipper, Sassy Sally’s, and Stardust.
The three of us were all over Sin City like a cheap suit. I never had that much fun with Roger or Paula. On our girls’ weekends here when we both lived in L.A., she was like a bitch-on-wheels-always-in-heat, and never got out of bed before noon. Roger, on the other hand, was up at dawn and always on the phone with some builder or construction guy back in L.A.
A couple of times a week, the girls and I huddled over lunch at favorite hangouts like fast, trendy Hard Rock Cafe. Over burgers and fries, it was nonstop girl talk. Everything from jobs, diets and boyfriends, to the latest gossip and goings-on at the Villa. Who wouldn’t love this place? It was like a giant, smoldering, music-studio-club-warehouse with leopard print carpets, rock-themed slots, and tons of musical memorabilia you couldn’t take your eyes off. Slinky little virgin-tramp dresses that had clung to the nubile curves of Madonna, Joss Stone, and Christina Aguilera. Concert shirts once inhabited by Jimi Hendrix, Tom Jones, and Santana. Sexy leather biker jackets donned by Elvis and Steppenwolf. And what about all those guitars, rocked by B.B. King, Eric Clapton, the Rolling Stones, James Brown, and Bruce Springsteen, hanging every which way on the walls? We also did some serious time in Hard Rock’s clubs.
Speaking of clubs, it’s no secret that Vegas is Numero Uno in every way. I’d been to many of these hipster hangouts over the years with Paula. Our nights of clubbing were a romp through the showiest, most glam joints in Sin City: Studio 54, Risqué, Tryst, Jet, Pure, Light, Tabu, Moon, GhostBar.
These sprawling, multi-level dens of excess were gleeful playhouses with plush decor, outdoor decks, waterfalls, flame effects, ice bars, killer drinks, retractable roofs, stunning views. And what about the designer chefs, high-tech sound and lighting, spiral staircases, stripper poles, and celebrity DJs? It was like the Playboy Mansion on tilt, or a Bond flick in orgasm.
With all the boozing, showboating, and debauchery going on in these places, the music and dancing sometimes got lost. But not with Paige and Serena. Since both of them were singers and dancers in a casino show, they got off on the local talent and were anxious to check it out. With Paige’s reporter-boyfriend, Brian, in L.A. working at the paper; Serena’s guy, Daryl, drumming on the road with Posse, and Roger putting in 12-hour days in Houston, we were three girls on a mission: to scope out Sin City’s liveliest clubs, bars, and lounges. And you better believe we did!
The Times Square bar at New York New York, with dueling pianos, was a favorite karaoke haunt. Mr. Piano Man himself, Billy Joel, even played there. At the gritty House of Blues, Boogie Knights, a retro-seventies disco scene that blasted from 11 to 3, was always the hottest dance party in town! Also a must at House of Blues: Karaoke nights on Monday and Tuesday. If the girls weren’t working, we were there. Casual clothes, cheap drinks, no cover charge. And if there was one, less than $20. Locals usually got in free, so Paige and Serena, who were both in their mid-20s, whipped out their licenses, while I ponied up a few bucks.
At an ancient 45, I probably qualified for a senior’s discount on the Vegas club scene! Yeah, I was hangin’ with a younger crowd, but I loved the music and dancing, and nobody seemed to pay much attention to my age. The lighting’s pretty flattering in these places. Even Grandma Moses would look hot on the GhostDeck or VooDoo patio!
With round-the-clock entertainments and distractions like these, who needed boyfriends or husbands?
Speaking of husbands, I never mentioned my nights of clubbing to Roger. I was afraid he’d tell me that hanging out in bars till the wee, small hours with hordes of gen X’ers, millennials, and metrosexuals was a sure sign I was in the throes of a major midlife crisis. Who wants to hear that, whether they’re in one or not?

***** Chapter 6 *****
July 2015
Like French Bread Right Out of the Oven With Apricot Jam
My days at the Villa were structured in a vague, nebulous sort of way. Most of them began with a workout in the well-equipped Don Corleone gym, crowded with plaster statues of well-endowed Greek gods and goddesses, all pillaged from the Apollo Casino on Sahara before it was imploded in 2011.
Speaking of well-endowed, that’s where I got to know hunky pilot Gary, Paula’s hot crush. The six-foot-one, sandy-haired flyboy was a workout fanatic, on the rowing and weight machines, sculpting and bulking up those rock-hard pecs and biceps of his every morning at 8 sharp when he was in town. Even if he’d been out clubbing till 3 or 4, he still got his workout in. The guy was relentless.
I usually stumbled in around 8:30 or 9. We soon had our own daily fitness sessions going. He taught me the right way to lift weights, adjusted the slope on the treadmill to the perfect incline, and knew exactly where to kick a jammed StairMaster. When we did sit-ups, we held each other’s ankles like it was old hat. Oh, so comfy. Strangers right off assumed we were a couple. We always had a giggle over that.
A charming flirtation soon developed. We were comfortable with each other from day one. There was this easy, warm flow, like we’d known each other for years. I think we both first noticed it that bizarre morning-after in Paula’s suite at the Venetian during our raucous girls’ weekend in May. Gary and she had just spent their first night together, and I was blown away when I knocked on her door and it was opened by him.
While she was taking a shower, he offered me coffee and pastry on the room-service cart in the center of the suite. As I headed to the linen-covered table, I tripped and almost fell. So embarrassing. But Gary instantly put me at ease, and cleaned up the mess. He was sexy, but also had a kind, nurturing side. I was impressed.
After our workouts at the Villa, I’d toss a jacket over my tights and tank, lose the scrunchy, and run a brush through my hair. Then we’d weave our way across Flamingo to a sleepy strip mall, where a greasy-spoon diner called Come And Get It sat wedged between a grimy pawn shop and a grungy tattoo parlor. You know the kind of joint every small town used to have, with all the usual riff-raff hanging around. Only here, they were extra stale, slimy, or strange because of the proximity to the Strip.
At our cozy corner booth, Gary and I fit right in. The runaway bride from Houston who didn’t want to go home, and the hot playboy-pilot from Portland. From day one, we were instant regulars, no menus required. Gary always ordered the L’Eggs Over Easy: pork sausages and fried eggs over a mound of French toast, while I got the Deuces Wild: two pancakes, two strips of bacon, two scrambled eggs. It was sooo tacky, but the coffee and tea came in bra-cup sizes of A, B, C or double D.
Eating away, we were sometimes joined by a buddy of Gary’s, a limo driver named Harlan who lived in the Fort Apache area and chauffeured celebs like James Caan, Nicolas Cage, Julia Roberts, Danny DeVito, and Cameron Diaz around the Strip. After a long night behind the wheel, he’d shuffle in, rumpled and unshaven, for the Pit Boss special, a giant omelet with everything but the kitchen sink.
When Gary first introduced us, I got the feeling Harlan was one of those guys who don’t take showers and have forty cats running around their house. But I was wrong. I soon discovered he was a diamond in the rough, who knew more Vegas legend and lore than anyone. I could listen to him for hours. This town is so focused on the Here and Now that a lot of people forget about its long, winding past. But Harlan knew it cold, from the early-day Paiutes, who arrived in the Valley circa 1000 AD, to the Spanish, Mexicans, Mormons, miners, Hoover Dam people, Cowboys, Mafia, Rat Packers, and beyond. Toss all that in a cocktail shaker, add a shot of Mojave, and Las Vegas is the exotic concoction you come up with.
Harlan was always a blast. You couldn’t get a word in. But then again, so was Gary. As he tackled the victuals, he’d regale me with tales about flying the band to Boston, Miami, Philly, San Fran, and many other cities. He’d give me the lowdown on the screaming girls at the airport, the groupies who sneaked into Posse’s hotel rooms, the panties that got flung on stage, the brawls and drug busts going down in the audience. And then there were the celebs who barged backstage, like Tommy Lee, Jon Bon Jovi, Courtney Love, and Sheryl Crow.
When Harlan wasn’t around, and the out-of-town stories ran out, Gary would spill about his escapades in Sin City’s hottest clubs. He often said he didn’t want to bore me with all that. But believe me, it was anything but boring. From the sound of it, the guy never met a club he didn’t love. He would talk for hours, but he also left a lot out. I think he was worried I’d pass the info along to Paula, and she might not be too thrilled about the girls, girls, girls he met and sometimes had flings with.
Another highlight of our long, lingering breakfasts was Peggy, our robust, ruddy-cheeked waitress, hard to miss in her retro, butterscotch-colored diner frock with a dark-brown ruffled apron. Every morning she’d glide around the yellow vinyl booths humming “Stand By Your Man,” or “Coal Miner’s Daughter,” while pouring bottomless refills. I couldn’t take my eyes off her dangling-dice earrings, the pink pencil perpetually wedged in her voluminous red beehive, or her Mickey Mouse watch. She was warm and endearing, a classic Vegas character.
One of the joys of living here was running into colorful characters like Peggy. She was crazy about Gary and had poured many a morning-after cup of joe for him in the company of some rather striking females. Most of them were showgirls, some were flight attendants, a few were cocktail waitresses. I’m sure she knew lots of Gary stories, but she was too crazy about him to ever say a word.
Yes, Gary was one likable dude, personable as all get-out. As we parried small talk and joked around, he was the perfect gentleman, but there was always a flirtatious element lurking beneath the surface.
I couldn’t peg his intentions, which was just what he wanted, but I suspected he was after more than trading shallow banter. Despite my wedding ring, he was constantly dropping invitations for dinner, aerial tours, shows, casino- and club-hopping. I was flattered, yes, and intrigued, but also mildly annoyed because, obviously, he didn’t take my marriage very seriously. I always turned him down, but I was polite about it. I liked him, but I also knew he was a Sin City playboy who treated sex in a casual way, and I didn’t want to end up another notch on his bedpost, a sex-partner du jour.
After all, I was a married woman, a newlywed who loved her husband. I didn’t want to encourage the guy or give him the wrong idea about my marriage. It was a fact, yes, though hard to believe, maybe. Also, Gary was still involved with Paula. That was another deterrent. Plus we were neighbors, always a bad risk for a dalliance because it can get awfully ugly after the breakup. But none of that seemed to keep us from spending time together, flirting a bit here and there, and enjoying the hell out of each other every time we worked out or huddled over the breakfast table.
Roger, meanwhile, was spending more time with his boss’s fetching, chestnut-haired daughter than I would have liked. Every time we talked, he would mention Lisa’s presence at some golf game, club outing, or charity event. I also got the feeling her mother, Clare, was taking full advantage of my absence. The poisonous viper, apparently, was one helluva hostess who routinely invited my husband to casual family dinners as well as posh soirees that included the upper crust of Houston society. Since Roger was alone and overworked, I’m sure he appreciated the company.
When I made disparaging remarks about the amount of time he spent with the Lathams, Roger snapped that I had no right to complain about what he did with his free time as long as I remained in Vegas. I guess he had a point. Then he’d go on to claim there was nothing to it, and that Clare was merely being considerate and generous.
“She’s a classic Southern lady,” he’d insist, “a gracious hostess and brilliant conversationalist. Her dinner parties are the talk of the locals, and I can understand why.”
He made it all sound innocent, civilized, and polite, but I wasn’t so sure. Even if Roger couldn’t see Clare for what she was, I could: a scheming Texas matriarch who would stop at nothing to snag a handsome, successful, socially acceptable husband for her precious 29-year-old daughter.
Meanwhile, I was still chatting with Paula once or twice a week. She seemed totally wrapped up in her new job at Tate-Grayson, the tacky department-store chain that had bought out our classy former employer, Panache, an upscale fashion department store. Her new boss had promoted her to sales manager, which meant she worked most weekends. That made it hard for her to come to Vegas to see Gary. But they stayed in touch.
“Even the phone sex is off the charts,” she squealed with a high-pitched giggle during one of our calls. “I have to recharge my cell every day!”
Was that way too much information or what? Every time we talked, Paula had this annoying habit of quizzing me about Gary, his comings, goings, social life. I fed her any details I had, and encouraged her to continue their fling, even though I considered him a bad risk for a long-term relationship. He was too elusive, but of course that was probably just what she wanted.
In my opinion, Gary was a primo example of the hard-to-pin-down male. Loves to flirt, but once you get involved, becomes more and more slippery. Fun, if you don’t want to get serious. No commitments. No responsibilities. I thought Paula and Gary could have an enjoyable hook-up, as long as neither one of them made the fatal mistake of taking the other too seriously.
To be perfectly honest, I was glad Paula was having an affair with Gary – because that made it easier for me to avoid having one with him myself. I knew that if the circumstances were different, if Gary and I were both single and available, we’d be involved in a New York minute. Why not? He was easy on the eye and had this irresistible charm, this way of totally accepting you that was so seductive. And when his strapping 6’1” body hovered over my slender 5’6” one, I was overwhelmed by his sheer physical presence, so warm, strong, protective. Hubba-hubba!
Around Gary, I felt safe, which was very appealing in my present state of chronic uncertainty. All the fighting with Roger had left me fragile and vulnerable. It may sound pathetic, but I wanted, needed, really, someone who could make me feel secure about who I was and where I was going, as long as it didn’t turn into a romantic relationship.
And so it made perfect sense that after I moved into the Villa, the tall, blue-eyed manly man two floors up quickly became my new best pal and go-to guy for handyman chores. A brawny stud muffin pilot with a tool chest the size of one of Paula’s jewelry trunks. Does it get any better than that?
Let’s see, where do I begin? He set up my new computer, helped me install high-speed internet, assembled the desk I bought at Spin the Reels on Sahara, and reset the cable on my TV every time it went out. If the battery in my smoke detector started beeping, he was there. He even hung the cute little paintings I picked up antiquing with the girls. When I did it, they fell off in five minutes.
I felt silly and helpless about all this, but, to tell you the truth, I never even changed a light bulb in L.A. My condo manager did all that. And the Villa’s repairman, Herman, worked only part time. Everyone knew he spent more time at Come and Get It, trying to put the moves on Peggy, than he did in the maintenance office. There was always a long wait for service, so I quickly became dependent on Gary for all sorts of things.
Yes, from the day I moved in, the handy hunk was always rescuing me or helping me out. A lot of it was just typical neighbor stuff, but sometimes we got thrown together in circumstances that were awkwardly cozy. Like the time I locked myself out of my apartment and couldn’t find Paige and Serena, or Bud and Connie, to let me back in. I ended up spending the day with Gary and his kids, ten-year-old Cory and eight-year-old Cara, who were visiting from Portland.
The four of us enjoyed a fun-filled outing on the Strip. We took in jaw-dropping acrobatic acts under the big striped tent at Circus Circus and rode Chaos and Sling Shot at the Adventuredome arcade. Then we moved down the Strip to Stratosphere, that crazy skyscraper of a hotel-casino with a trio of thrill rides – Big Shot!, X-Scream, and Insanity – on its top floor, 110 stories up. Bypassing the white knucklers, we headed straight to the casino’s lively retro diner, Roxy’s, for burgers, fries, and Strato-shakes. Much more my speed.
As we kicked back in a red-vinyl booth, singing waiters grabbed microphones and burst into “Happy Together” and “Sugar Sugar,” while strolling around the black-and-white-floored, chrome-studded eatery. Glancing in a mirror, I caught a glimpse of the four of us lunching together like any typical family on a carefree Strip outing. I couldn't help wondering at that moment how differently things might have turned out if I’d gotten married in my twenties and had a couple of kids of my own? But since I didn’t, wasn’t this the next best thing? Two cutie-pie step-kids with a hunka-hunka-burnin’-love dad, and me, minus the stretch marks. And didn’t we all look good together? A ready-made family, with everything neatly spooned into its own compartment like a Lean Cuisine frozen dinner.
Later, we checked out the lions and tigers lazing in the midday sun at Siegfried and Roy’s Secret Garden. Our day ended with dinner at the Rainforest Cafe, with its tropical mists and exotic animal squeaks and squawks. Gary and I tucked the kids in at 9:30. A half hour later, Connie got back and let me into my apartment. She apologized for being out that morning, but, to tell you the truth, I felt like thanking her!
At the crack of dawn the next day, there was a jarring phone call from Miss Agitation herself, Paula, who’d heard from Paige, who’d gotten it from Connie, that I’d spent a day with Gary and his kids. And she was fuming.
“Oh, hi, it’s me. I’m so glad I caught you before you got locked out of your apartment again and had to run to my boyfriend for help.”
“Paula, it’s 6 o’clock in the morning. I’m trying to sleep. What is this?” I groaned.
“Don’t play innocent with me, little Miss Lost and Lonely Newlywed!” she sneered. “I thought you had more originality! Isn’t this the oldest trick in the book? Locking yourself out of your apartment so you can run to a hot, sexy neighbor for help? What are you going to do next? Show up at his door in a red lace teddy to borrow a cup of sugar?”
“Paula, have you totally gone off the reservation?” I hissed, sitting up. “I don’t even own a red lace teddy! Where do you get this stuff? Yes, I got locked out yesterday, and I went to Gary’s and ended up spending the day with him and his kids.”
“That’s another thing!” she leapt in. “I haven’t even met them yet and you spent a whole day with them. What are you trying to do, impress him with how sweet and maternal you are?” she bitched. “You don’t even like kids. I’m the one who tried to have a baby! I never should’ve told you how good he is in bed. I never should’ve told you he found my G-spot the first night! And you’re married, remember? When are you going home to Roger?”
I was momentarily stunned and taken aback by her jealous meltdown, but I shouldn’t have been. It was typical.
“Paula, will you just shut up and listen to me?” I growled into the phone. “Gary and I are friends. I got locked out of my apartment, so he invited me to spend the day with him and his kids. That’s it. The subject of G-spots, yours, mine, or anyone else’s, never came up. How the hell would I know he found yours the first night? He was just being a nice neighbor, that’s all. We’re not interested in each other romantically. He’s all yours, okay?”
“What a crock!” she shot back. “If that’s true, why did you run to him for help?”
“Because Paige and Serena went to Mt. Charleston for the day, and Bud and Connie were out,” I shot back. “Paula, you really are paranoid and insecure. I have no interest in Gary other than as a friend. I’m married. I know that. You know that. He knows that. You two are the ones having an affair. You two are the ones having great sex. You two are the ones juicing up your cells every day. I can’t compete with that!”
“When are you going back to Houston?” she whined.
“I don’t know,” I answered, a little more calmly. “I’m taking it day by day. No big plans. Listen, if you’re so interested in Gary, get your buns back here for a weekend. And make it soon. He’s very popular with the ladies on the Strip. From what Serena told me, he’s practically president of the Hooters Loyalty Club, the Hilton Bad Girls love him, and the Crazy Girls at Riviera are crazy about him. You name it. There’s more cleavage around here than on a chicken ranch!”
“Wendy, don’t worry about me,” she fired back, tough as nails. “I can handle it. I like chick magnets. You should know that by now. They’re more of a challenge, and usually better in bed. Let’s see, how do I put this delicately? You don’t end up yawning every time they drop ‘trou!” she chortled. “I’m definitely planning a weekend in Vegas soon to double down with Gary.”
Double down? Did she actually say “double down with Gary?” What the hell did that mean? Luckily, not even this crude, tacky exchange could mar the memory of what had been a perfect day with Gary and his kids.
I wish I could say that was the last time I needed his help, but it wasn’t. A couple of weeks later, the flirty flyboy again came to my rescue during what I will always remember as “The Hot ‘n’ Steamy Elevator Incident.”
It was a typical midweek morning at the Villa. Gary and I were on the lift, headed to the gym on the second floor for our workouts. He got on at 7. I got on at 5.
Within minutes, it was clear that something was wrong. The elevator began shaking, then took a nose dive and slammed to a drop-dead-stop with a loud, terrifying bang. In an instant, Gary and I were tossed upward like limp rag dolls. When we landed on the floor, he grabbed me, thrust his arm and leg over me, and kept me pinned down as the elevator took another tumble, stopped, and bounced up again.
This was no joyride at the Adventuredome or special effect at Studio 54. This was real! We were hopelessly stuck somewhere between the 3rd and 2nd floors.
For what seemed like ages—actually, about 15 minutes—we lay on the floor of the elevator. Scary, but also strangely cozy and intimate. In a state of terror, I clung to the beefy pilot’s body for safety and security. The sound of our hearts beating in unison was comforting and reassuring and alleviated my panic. Stroking my arm and upper back, Gary spoke soothingly and told me to relax, that everything would be alright.
Another fifteen or twenty minutes passed. And then finally, finally, finally, from somewhere above, a high-pitched voice echoed down, crying out, “Hey, hey, are you all right in there?” We were ecstatic. It was Little Fred, the bald Marauding Munchkin with the cute, brownish goatee who lived in a studio on three. He yelled that he’d heard my screams and was going for help.
Thirty agonizing minutes later, Herman, fresh from a close encounter with Peggy at Come and Get It, managed to get the elevator to descend slowly to the lobby. Then he pried the doors open with a crowbar. Gary and I wobbled out of the steel box like two weak, wary dogs who’d been freed from a cage at the local pound. The next thing I knew, we were laughing and hugging all at the same time. What a relief to be on solid ground again!
In my apartment afterwards, Gary made me lunch and rubbed my back where it was sore from lying in the elevator. The whole scene was very comfy and cozy. After he left, I felt confused. I was obviously attracted to him, and becoming more and more dependent on him. There was something sort of dreadful, but also sort of wonderful, about it, because I sensed he felt the same way.

***** Chapter 7 *****
Fear and Self-Loathing in Las Vegas
In seven years with Roger, I’d never been seriously attracted to anyone else. But here I was, married to him for six months, and I was already lusting after another guy. It was hard to come up with an excuse for the way I felt. After all, I wasn’t some wide-eyed teenager, naive twenty-something, or frivolous thirty-something. I was a forty-five-year-old mature adult. Sort of.
What was going on here? How did I really feel about Roger? Did I still want to be married to him? Did he still want to be married to me? Was this some kind of classic seven-year itch, or was I in the throes of the midlife crisis from hell, desperately seeking answers to the hows, whats, whys, and why-bothers of life? Does anyone really know when they’re having a midlife crisis, or do they just convince themselves they need that little red sports car, gleaming new Harley, extreme facelift that makes them look like a jackal, or disastrous fling with the next-door neighbor that makes road-kill of two marriages and scars a bunch of kids for life? Is having a midlife crisis like being a teenager all over again, when everybody knows you’re in the throes of adolescence but you?
It was hard to answer these questions because I didn’t know how I felt about anything these days. Waking up in Vegas every morning made the ongoing chaos easier to take. After all, everyone is confused here, and nobody seems very concerned about it. Sin City has fewer shrinks per capita than almost any city in America. It’s the least introspective place in the world. In Compulsion Central, who cares about the past or the future? All that matters is Now.
Your goal is to get away from your life, forget your problems, avoid the questions. Why waste time probing into the depths of your poor, tortured soul when you could be throwing the come-out roll at a hot craps table, vegetating in front of a loose slot, scarfing down five desserts at Le Village Buffet, clubbing till dawn, or shopping your brains out? Boys and girls, repeat after me. Introspection is boring. Introspection is tedious. Introspection is frowned upon here.
But I didn’t have to delve very deeply within myself to know I felt lost without my job, my marriage was unraveling before my eyes, and I was this close to having an affair with a stud-muffin pilot. If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, maybe it is a midlife crisis?
I really needed to sit down and sort through all this with a trusted friend, someone who would listen to me and give me some good advice. Don’t get me wrong, Paige and Serena were great. I loved hanging out with them. But they were in their mid-twenties and had a limited, somewhat naive outlook on my life. As far as they were concerned, I was this glamorista who’d had a fairytale existence, with a gangbusters career in fashion, marriage to a guy most women would kill for, money stashed in the bank, and, to top it all off, I was now on an endless vacation.
With all the clubbing, shopping, shows, and trips we’d taken over the past couple of months, who could blame them for thinking this? Anyway, they were too young and inexperienced to know or understand the kind of confusion and unhappiness I sometimes felt. Plus they both knew Gary, which made things awkward. And Paige was the sister of Paula, who, as we all know, was having a hot fling with him. I didn’t want to put Paige in the middle. Sure, the two sisters fought like hellcats, but deep down they loved each other. Paige would have taken Paula’s side every time when it came to the hunky flyboy.
A good old-fashioned heart-to-heart with Carol was what I really craved. But that wasn’t going to happen any time soon, since she and Paul were still in Hong Kong. I called a few old friends in Denver and L.A. for some girl talk, but to tell you the truth, I found it embarrassing to discuss my feelings for another guy after they’d congratulated me on my recent marriage to Mr. Perfect.
Awkward!
For some strange reason, probably to comfort myself, I was eating more than I ever had that summer. Totally disgusting, I know, but what a way to go. By late August, Paige and I had hit every buffet on the Strip.
Since I was no longer working out (avoiding Gary), or taking my morning walks, (too hot by the time I got up), I started packing on the pounds. If Roger could have seen the 15-pounds-heavier version of me, he would have been shocked and disappointed. In all the years I’d known him, I had maintained a pencil-thin body by working out seven days a week and eating like a sparrow.
Because of my job, I didn’t dare gain weight. Everyone would have noticed and made snide comments. You can’t hide a bulging tummy, thunder thighs, or a blubber butt under a size-8 Armani pantsuit, or a slinky Versace cocktail dress. It just doesn’t work.
To accommodate my weight gain, I needed new clothes. At 5’6”, I’d always been a perfect size 8, but I now needed to upgrade to 10s and 12s. I wanted to spend minimal bucks on attractive basics that would get me through this awkward period of temporary body expansion. Paige had the perfect solution. She drove us out to the Las Vegas Outlet Center, a super-mall of one hundred thirty stores just fifteen minutes south of the Strip. I took to it like a duck to the Mirage fountain pool and started hanging out there. Before I knew it, I was shopping till I dropped four or five days a week.
It was fun for a month or two. But by mid-September, my “Mall Meltdown” was starting to get me down. And being in the desert didn’t help. (Does Las Vegas really mean “the meadows” in Spanish? Hard to believe in a town where you had to put potholders on your steering wheel to avoid burning your hands.) This was the first time I’d spent an entire summer here, and the 110-degree heat was overwhelming, blinding, really. Every bit the equal of Houston. All this talk about dry heat not being as uncomfortable? Forget it. Another illusion, another come-on, as unreal as the Brooklyn Bridge looming before you at New York New York, or one of those stone camels parked in front of Sahara.
I’d been in Vegas four months now, and I didn’t have much to show for it. Lots of phone fights with Roger, some fun outings with the girls, getting stuck in an elevator with Gary and developing a pathetic crush on him, and an even more pathetic Mall Meltdown that left my closets bulging and my thighs flabby.
Not very impressive, huh?
At some point, I realized that if this temporary stay was going to work, I needed to find something meaningful to do. By now, it was obvious that I wasn’t the type who could be content for long without holding down a job. Some people have a knack for it. They’re perfectly happy Just Living Their Lives, filling their days with hobbies, hair appointments, volunteer work, lunches with friends, and painting classes at the Y. I wouldn’t have been satisfied with any of that for long. I was too used to working and the adrenaline rush of being challenged, interacting with people, and feeling productive.
I missed so many things about my job as general manager of Panache. The cozy staff meetings in Carol’s office on Monday morning. Organizing glitzy fashion shows. Dealing with crazed stylists and celebrities during awards’ season. Making exclusive deals with European designers that put their latest ready-to-wear fashions on our racks, before any store on the West Coast, and sometimes even the East, could get them.
I missed working, plain and simple. I tried not to. I tried to tell myself that I deserved a nice, long break after twenty-five years of hard work; that I had enough money stashed away, and that I should have fun and indulge myself for a while. But at the end of the day, it just didn’t fly. I was a workaholic. I needed a challenge. Why try to fool myself?
I also needed to work so I could focus on something positive and constructive and get my mind off Roger, Gary, and the endless peanut butter buckets and designer watches calling my name at the outlet mall. It wasn’t about power, prestige, benefits, or résumé-building. I just needed something to do, and nothing short of working for a paycheck would satisfy me.
In desperation, I cornered Paige in the casino one day. Was there anything for me at Petticoat, I wanted to know? Nothing permanent, or with too much responsibility, mind you, because I knew I’d be going back to Houston sooner or later. Just something light and temporary to get me by.
I put together a résumé, which she passed on to her boss, a former Tropicana showgirl named Maxine Pickett, who was Petticoat’s casino staff manager. Paige clued her in on my 25-year career at Panache. That must have helped because the next morning the phone rang, and Paige burbled on about how impressed Maxine was with my background. She told Paige she’d shopped at Panache many times over the years, and loved it. She knew it was the gold standard for fashion retail, a trendsetting shopping-Shangri-La that showcased chic clothing and accessories from the best designers in the world.
Bottom line: Maxine wanted to meet me. Word was she thought I might be right for a management position that had just opened up at Denim Divas, Petticoat’s wildly popular casual clothing boutique. The current manager was leaving any day now for a job at Wynn. To tell you the truth, I didn’t want that much responsibility. But it did sound sort of intriguing, so I agreed to have lunch with Maxine as a favor to Paige.
On a Wednesday afternoon, we met at Pork Chops, one of the hotel’s more colorful eateries, where the wait for a table was often forty-five minutes to an hour. Of course, there was a theme. This was Vegas, wasn’t it? And this one was more over-the-top than most. Call it “Pigsty Modern,” “A Porker’s Paradise,” “Petticoat Piglets,” or whatever. The place reeked of references to porkers!
Emblazoned above the entrance were the warm, inviting words, “Come in and Get Your Pork On.” Gripping a plastic door handle shaped like a plump pink pig, I slipped inside. Darting around were waitresses in pale gray dresses worn under pink-and-white striped pinafores adorned with rubber pig heads. Each girl sported a plastic necklace studded with alternating pigheads and pork chops. The entire setting was a pinkish-gray pork chop color, and the large plastic menus were shaped like wavy bacon strips. Every item, of course, featured some type of pork. I’d never seen such kitschiness in a restaurant, and here I was on a job interview.
Maxine arrived a few minutes late because of a staff meeting that went into “extra innings,” as she put it. The former showgirl was in her early sixties, and still striking enough to turn the head of a Dean, Frank, or Sammy on a slow night. Her jet-black hair fell just below her shoulders; her skin was as smooth and gleaming as white marble; her cobalt-blue eyes piercing and clear. Enveloping her slender, lithe body was a clingy purple knee-length knit dress. A cascade of sparkling silver chains dangled seductively down its low-cut neckline. Like many Vegas women I’d observed over the years, she seemed made up for her next gig in the showroom, with heavy foundation, blue eye shadow, thick liner, plenty of blush, too much lipstick.
Glancing at our menus, we kept up a patter of small talk. She briefly mentioned the joys of shopping at Panache, then I asked about her showgirl career. A sliver of a smile flickered across her pale face. With a faraway look in her eyes, she shook her head wistfully and opened up.
“Believe me, honey, the dancers today have it a lot easier than we did,” she chimed from across the table. “We didn’t have elevators backstage in the Sixties. I was 22 years old, tall, thin, and stacked, with 10 lickety-split costume changes every night. I had to run up and down two flights of stairs to the dressing rooms in 4-inch heels with an 8-pound headdress on my head and a 10-pound costume on my back. It’s a wonder I didn’t fall and break my neck!”
I just sat there staring at her, shaking my head in wonder as I munched pork rinds and salsa while sipping iced tea from a pig-handled mug. Maxine, apparently, was a dame who liked to tell it like it was.
“But you know something?” she suddenly asked, leaning in, “It was worth it. There was real glamour in this town back then. People treated us like movie stars. We rode around drinking champagne in limos with chauffeurs, got bunches of roses, boxes of candy. Some of us even got mink coats and diamond bracelets from high rollers. And a few walked away with the whole enchilada: diamond rings, rich hubbies, and cocktail houses near the country club.
“Those days are gone. Now it’s all about corporate greed, the bottom line, and beer pong. Twenty or thirty years ago, there was some class in this town. If you ask me, the Mob guys had a lot more than the corporate types running things now. Yeah, sure, they were involved in some shady dealings, but at least they knew how to treat a lady.”
As I nodded in agreement across the table, Maxine shook a few drops of Tabasco on a stray pork rind and, without flinching, popped it in her mouth. This broad was fierce! Then she cut to the chase, letting me know that, based on my background, I had the right stuff for the management post at Denim Divas. I was flattered but hesitant, because I knew I’d be going back to Houston in a matter of weeks or months. Also, I wanted to take on a fresh challenge, so I wasn’t that interested in a job that was so similar to my old one.
While I was explaining all this, a flurry of cocktail waitresses flitted by, and Maxine asked for my opinion on their uniforms. I took a deep breath and gave her my take, letting her know that the brown, knee-length cotton dresses, hanging scarecrow-like over limp, white petticoats, were simply too long, too drab, and the tobacco-colored wagon wheels printed around the hems were gauche and out-dated. Like something you would have seen on a paddleboat cruise down the Mississippi with Huck Finn.
Maxine was taken aback by my bluntness, but seemed to welcome it. She nodded, then made it known that, even as we spoke, a top-to-bottom overhaul was in the works. Seems the casino brass had been shocked and embarrassed by an even more stinging critique in Sin City Chic. The influential city magazine had just branded Petticoat’s uniforms the “ugliest on the Strip” for the fourth year in a row. The bosses were demanding new outfits, and fast, to counter the horrible PR and possibly even spin it their way in time for the casino’s upcoming fortieth anniversary next spring.
Pulling a copy of Sin City Chic from her leopard-print bag, Maxine showed me some of the harsher reader comments. One branded the dresses “as stylish as the burlap sack worn by Joan of Arc when she was burned at the stake.” Another suggested that the kitchen help at Folsom Prison were more stylishly attired.
But there was already a glitch in the plans for the new uniforms, she confided, shaking her head. “The designer I hired, a local gal named Taryn DiFalco, called me two days ago to say she can’t finish the job. She just found out she’s preggers, and since she’s already had a couple of miscarriages, her doctor wants her to spend the whole nine months in bed. She’s pushing forty and really wants the kid, so she’s following orders.
“Taryn feels terrible that she can’t go through with the assignment, and so do I. It puts us in a real bind. We need those outfits in seven months for our anniversary, and we sure don’t want to deal with more bad press from that rag, Sin City Chic.”
“Yeah, I see your point,” I agreed, leaning in. “That kind of negative press really drives people away, especially on the Strip. You do need new uniforms. This is a five-alarm fashion emergency, if ever I saw one! I’ve been here a few months, and it’s obvious how limp and matronly your uniforms are, compared to the ones at the Venetian, Wynn, and Palms. Your anniversary would be the perfect time to unveil new ones, since the media spotlight will already be on you.”
Nodding slowly, thoughtfully, Maxine stirred a packet of Sweet’N Low into her coffee. I could see the wheels turning. Then she laid it on the line: “I’m talking to a few designers around town and in L.A., but I get the feeling you might be able to come up with something. Have you done any designing?”
A neon sign as bright as the electronic billboard at MGM Grand went off in my head. Was this my chance to break into designing, something I’d always wanted to do, and get a foothold in this glitzy desert town?
My heart was pounding as I came back, “Well, no, not exactly, but I do know fit, quality, and construction. I was on the front line of fashion retail for 25 years, and a big part of my job was making sure the clothes in every department were the best quality, well designed, cut, and put together. I know the key elements in creating and manufacturing beautiful, functional, durable clothes.”
At first, I wasn’t very persuasive, but the longer I spoke, the more passionate I became. This was no empty sales pitch. I meant every word.
“After all the hours I’ve spent in the workrooms, factories and studios of top designers in New York, Paris, and Milan, I’m sure I could produce some original, dynamic designs, a total departure from what you have now, which is one notch above the tacky get-ups worn by the cashiers at McDonald’s. I’m talking about uniforms your staff would love wearing and your customers would love looking at. What you need is to bring these girls alive, give them some class, make them sparkle with sex appeal, glamour, and good taste.”
Then, laying it on even thicker, I added, “Just give me a couple days to make some preliminary sketches, and I’ll bring them to your office. You can take a look and decide if you want me, or someone else.”
She seemed impressed by my confidence and enthusiasm. After hesitating barely an instant, she broke into a smile, nodded, and gave me the go-ahead.
“Okay, okay, you deserve a turn at bat. Let’s see what you can come up with. We need something really grabby,” she said in a low, urgent tone. “Something that’ll spice up our image and create buzz, but the uniforms can’t be too far out. They have to be conservative enough to show off our Old-West roots, but hip enough to grab the younger crowd. Part Annie Oakley, part Britney,” she chortled. “Do you think you can handle that? I don’t want to put any pressure on you, doll, but it’s the bottom of the ninth, with two out. You’ve got to come out swinging. We need to get moving on this. I need those sketches yesterday! Give me a call when you have something.”
That night, I was so excited I could barely sleep. This was all happening so fast. Could this be the break of a lifetime, or was Maxine going to come to her senses and hire an experienced designer? Would my misguided, unplanned detour in Vegas turn out to be a career jump-start? I sure hoped so because, God knows, I needed a creative challenge at that point. Something to give me direction and get me up in the morning.
The next day, I was up at the crack of dawn, and out on the Strip by eight. As I raced from casino to casino, taking in a parade of cocktail uniforms, I scribbled notes on what worked and what didn’t.
Then I called a few local manufacturers and checked out their websites to soak up the latest trends in colors and styles. I also scoured the Internet for back issues of local magazines like What’s Up, Las Vegas?, Hip, Hot and Happenin’ On the Strip, and Vegas Vibes, to get up to speed on the most popular cocktail uniforms over the decades, going all the way back to the Rat Pack era. I was blown away by the volume of stuff out there on cocktail attire. Love ‘em or hate ‘em, everyone seemed to have an opinion.
Two days after my meeting with Maxine, I woke up at 4 am, nervous as a wet hen, but inspired and ready to get down to business. I spent the next few days chained to my sketchpad, working twelve-hour stretches in a sea of take-out containers, grabbing catnaps here and there. I had a pretty good idea of what was out there, and I knew I had to come up with a fresh approach. Something that would knock Maxine’s socks off.
Five days later, I marched into her office with a handful of sketches for stylish, luxurious uniforms. The look was bold, colorful, chic. French chambermaid meets sexy saloon girl. Dresses in five luscious shades for each girl, with short, full skirts over triple layers of fluffy white petticoats. The bodices were tight and belted, with white ruffles trimming the deep V-neck. The snug, elbow-length sleeves, which flared a bit at the shoulder, also sported a white ruffle trim. And the black fishnet stockings and heels added an extra dash of va-va-voom sex appeal.
After years of watching men ogle buxom servers in slinky get-ups at other casinos, it was obvious to me that when it comes to cocktail uniforms, Sex Sells. This all-important sex factor was the driving force behind my designs since it clearly hadn’t been considered when Petticoat’s current eyesores were put together. Now, 20 years later, those dreary frocks were reinforcing a dismal, out-of-date, unhip image that was dragging the whole place down. My uniforms would be seductive, yes, but they would also be fashionable and scream Old-West chic.
Smiling as she looked over my sketches, Maxine exclaimed, “I’ve never seen anything like it, on the Strip or off. But I’m a little leery about the wear and tear over the long haul. Won’t these things fade and go limp just like the ones we have now? Isn’t that what usually happens after oodles of washings?”
“No worries,” I assured her, explaining that I knew of a recently created synthetic taffeta called TaffeLuxe that would hold its bright color, soft hand, and crisp shape, regardless of the number of cleanings. The husband of a former Panache staffer had developed it, owned the patent, and had promised me a discount on a large quantity if I ever needed it.
“Sounds good, that just might sell the suits upstairs,” Maxine nodded.
As she flipped through the drawings, she seemed really jazzed about the low-cut necklines and short skirts with peek-a-boo petticoats. She knew sex appeal was the name of the game in this town, more than ever, with so many casinos battling it out for the dollar.
“Good-lookin’ girls in skimpy but classy dresses will bring the guys in, keep ‘em at the tables longer, get ‘em to spend more. That’ll make the suits upstairs happy. I just hope they’re willing to shell out the bucks to make it happen.”
They apparently were. Seven days later, Maxine called to tell me that management had given her the green light to hire me. It had been one of the longest weeks of my life. When we met in her office later that day, she again stressed that this was happening faster than it normally would because of Taryn’s pregnancy crisis. Bottom line: she needed me right away. A contract would be drawn up that would cover salary and all the nitty-gritty involved in the manufacturing of 1,000 uniforms, five for each of two hundred cocktailers.
I was walking on air when I left her office. You better believe I celebrated in style that night with Paige and Serena at Piero’s, the swanky old-time Glitter City eatery right out of The Godfather on Convention Center Drive between Paradise and Debbie Reynolds Drive.
The next morning, I e-mailed Roger with the big news. We rarely phoned each other these days because it somehow always erupted into an argument. E-mailing was much less confrontational. A couple of times a week, I’d get brief communiqués filling me in on the latest with Magnolia Crescent and unloading another round of domestic drivel: the new insects attacking our house; the birds nesting in the dryer vent; the baby lizards still slithering around the walls of our bedroom; the mounting stockpile of wedding gifts in the foyer.
In these terse electronic dispatches, Roger was as lively as an insurance salesman discussing an expired policy, as intimate as a toll collector on the New Jersey Turnpike. And I guess I paid him back in kind with brusque, vague replies that were just as detached and unrevealing.
He didn’t get back to me for three days, and then it was a crisp one-liner asking only how long the uniform project would take. I was hurt, but I wasn’t about to show it. Three months, tops, I shot back, even though I knew it would be six. There, I thought, take that, you withholding, emotionally constipated, passive-aggressive bastard! I was sure he’d be furious either way, but I didn’t care. His work was all-important to him, so why shouldn’t this opportunity for an exciting new career be all-important to me?
While I was ecstatic, he remained icy and impassive. The nerve of him! Couldn’t he stop thinking about what he wanted for five minutes and show some support and enthusiasm for what I wanted?

***** Chapter 8 *****
And It Wasn’t the Quiche Lorraine
A week later, I spent a few days in Petticoat’s office tying up loose ends and finalizing the design deal. I loved Maxine’s confidence in my abilities. She seemed to have no doubt my cockail uniforms would be the best-looking on the Strip. More alluring than the boxy, red usherette numbers at MGM Grand; more stylish than the bland, beige lace-up dresses at Caesar’s; more striking than the navy-blue majorette get-ups at Treasure Island.
Just as I was immersed in sketching one afternoon, the ringing phone suddenly jarred me. Guess who? Paula. She announced breathlessly that she was coming to Vegas to spend a weekend with Gary, and that he’d gotten us all tickets to see Posse at Luxor. I was relieved because this would clarify the status of their relationship. He’s single. She’s single. The two of them should just get on with their torrid little affair and leave me on the sidelines. At least, that’s what my head was telling me. But my heart secretly yearned for a breakup between the two so I could get to know him better.
Paula swept into town the following Friday, bursting with stories of how dismayed and disgruntled Panache regulars were with the stuff being peddled at Tate-Grayson, the chain that had bought us out. She said that many longtime customers were walking out, disgusted, cutting up their charge cards, and running across the street to Saks or down the block to Neiman’s. She was looking forward to quitting next year, after she and a friend finalized their purchase of a cutting-edge boutique on Melrose Place called Work It, Girl.
That night, a bunch of us took in the Posse concert from front-row seats. Serena’s boyfriend, Daryl, was on drums. Gary was backstage with the band, but right before the show he came out and kissed Paula. While he spoke to her, his hand lightly caressed the small of her back. A frozen smile was on my face. My heart tumbled. Like a lovesick teenager, I turned away.
Why? What did I want from him? I didn’t know. My feelings weren’t logical or rational. Maybe I didn’t even want the reality of him, just the idea of him, whatever that was. (Great sex, good times, and total acceptance, maybe?) I honestly didn’t know. What was I, a pathetic schoolgirl in the throes of her first crush?
The concert was loud and raucous. When it finally wound down around midnight, we slipped backstage to see the band. Then Gary hauled us all over to one of his favorite hash houses on the Strip, the Victorian Room at Barbary Coast, best known for its $2.99 steak-and-eggs breakfast, the order of the day, or rather, night, from midnight to 7.
The scarlet-walled eatery affected a 19th-century-French-bordello-in-Sin-City look, and the food was an unlikely mix of Chinese and U.S. prime, another crazy polyglut of tastes and excesses that makes Vegas so lip-smacking and down-home. Huge portions, and the grub was good and greasy. Lots of ketchup on the eggs and hash browns, and plenty of butter and jelly on the toast. Everyone was in high spirits.
Friday night drifted well into Saturday morning. Saying goodnight to Gary and Paula outside Barbary Coast was awkward and painful, but what could I do? As they sauntered away, hand-in-hand, headed for her cozy suite at the Venetian, I fantasized for a brief moment that I was in her Manolos. I was burning with envy! Pangs of jealousy tore through me. These nagging feelings scared the hell out of me. I needed to continue avoiding Gary. Being around him was just too agonizing.
The next day, Paula and I met for some girl talk over an al fresco lunch at Mon Ami Gabi. In her skimpy fuchsia sun dress and killer pink-sapphire necklace, she was luminous, in a state of giddy afterglow. She seemed truly infatuated with Gary as she launched into a blow-by-blow account of their antics in bed last night.
“It’s so great to be with a guy who knows as much about g-force as he does about G-spots and G-strings!” she giggled. I felt queasy. And it wasn’t the Quiche Lorraine. Struggling to hide my jealousy, I told myself over and over that it was pointless to have carnal-romantic cravings for the stud-muffin pilot. Nothing could come of it. He was having an affair with Paula, and I wouldn’t be unfaithful to Roger. Why would I even be thinking of it? I’d been married to him for all of eight months. I felt like a total flop as a wife, lusting after another guy when I was barely out of the honeymoon bed.
Why did I feel this way? Was it because now that I had Roger, I no longer wanted him? Was it because I was new in town, and maybe a little lonely? Was it because my relationship with Roger had run its course by the time we got married? Or was I using my feelings of attraction for Gary as a way to avoid facing the fact that I was truly in love with Roger, but afraid to face the reality of marriage to him because it could lead to failure, and then I would lose him? But wasn’t I already screwing things up by staying in Vegas? And maybe I had already lost him?
Lots of questions. No answers.
During lunch, I told Paula about my design job. She was mildly encouraging, but at the same time a tad envious. Typical Paula. “Oh wow, that’s great,” she muttered. “Too bad it’s not one of the more glam, important casinos like Bellagio or Caesar’s,” she added with a dismissive flick of the wrist.
Since the day I got the job, I’d been ecstatic. Why did I suddenly feel the need to defend it? I rattled off more details, trying to impress her. She heard me out for a few minutes between bites of Croque Monsieur, then cut me off with more ramblings about sex-machine Gary and her long hours of drudgery at Tate-Grayson.
On and on she went about tacky clearance sales, cutbacks in designer jewelry and handbags, schlocky window displays, second-rate models. What else could I do but tune her out while feigning interest and nodding sympathetically?
Over the next few weeks, I focused all my energies on the designs. I even spent a few days coming up with a sexy new garter to be worn with the uniforms. After scoping out a giant fabric store on Industrial Road that specialized in elastic laces, I bought a dozen spools in different colors and textures and cut and sewed some samples. For two weeks, I wore a different garter each day to determine which one was the most comfortable and clung to my thigh the best. Then I washed and dried them over and over to test for durability, and chose the one that retained the most vibrancy and elasticity. The next step, of course, was running it by Maxine for final approval.
I was also kicking around the idea of fashioning plastic cocktail trays in the same vibrant shades as the dresses, with a two-inch lace trim around the edges. I visited a few restaurant-supply outlets on Sahara to get estimates and details on what would be involved in creating and mass-producing them. I was on a mission to find something more glamorous and eye-catching than the ho-hum brown plastic ones currently toted by the girls.
The days were flying by. It had been a while, at least a month, since Roger and I had talked. To tell you the truth, I think we both were so busy and involved with our careers that we barely noticed. The wedding ring on my finger was a constant reminder, otherwise I might have forgotten I was even married. Was that possible, I shuddered?
Then one night, out of the blue, he called with a special request. “There’s going to be a charity ball in Wiggin for the Children’s Aid Society,” he reported in a low, urgent tone, as if the world depended on it. God knows, the man could be intense when he wanted. “It’s an annual event, the biggest society bash of the year. Because of Magnolia Crescent, Dan, Earl and their wives are invited. Of course, I’ll be going, too, and I’d love it if you could fly down and come with me.”
With more excitement and enthusiasm than I’d heard from him in a long time, he went on. “It would mean so much. First of all, this thing pulls in a lot of money for the kids. Second, the zoning issue hasn’t been resolved, so we need all the good PR we can get. As the sole architect for Magnolia Crescent, I need to look like a nice, normal, stable guy with a nice, normal, stable wife and a happy marriage. Everyone knows I’m a newlywed, but no one has met my wife. The residents of Wiggin would be impressed if I showed up with you on my arm. What do you say, Wend? It’s Saturday, October 29th. Can you make it?”
I was so stunned and happy to hear Roger speaking in a tone that wasn’t laced with anger or bitterness that for an instant I was speechless. Then, without thinking, I blurted, “Yes, of course I can make it. I’d love to go to the ball with you and meet all those people. It’s formal, right? So I’ll need a gown. My emerald-green Vera Wang might work. Or maybe the powder-blue Carolina Herrera. The last time I looked, they were both hanging in the guestroom closet of your, uh, our, house.”
After an awkward pause, I continued to prattle on like a high-school girl who’d just scored a prom date with the cutest guy in class. “I’m so glad you called to invite me! I know things have been a bit, uh, tense, lately, but this sounds like a fun, exciting event. Just what we need.” I even offered to fly down a couple of days before the ball so we could spend some time together.
“Great!” he said, sounding thrilled and a little relieved. “I can’t wait to see you. I’m sure you’ll be the belle of the ball!”
I was flattered that Roger had asked me to this high-profile event. It would be a visible reminder to everyone that we were married, and, despite all evidence to the contrary, still very much a couple. This was a good sign, the first wifely thing, aside from coming home, that he’d asked me to do in months, and it gave me hope that maybe things would work out for us.
It felt good to hear Roger sounding upbeat and positive again, like his old self. The moment we hung up, though, I began having second thoughts. I dreaded facing the jury (Dan, Clare, Doris, Earl, Lisa) again. As far as they were concerned, I had left my sweet, wonderful new husband behind and spent the past few months avoiding all responsibilities while recklessly and heedlessly indulging myself in a crass, low-roller cesspool of vulgarity. Surely, from their perspective, that kind of behavior reeked off desperation, immaturity, and instability.
On the other hand, what the heck? It was a charity event for children, and for one night I could suck it up and do this for my husband, couldn’t I? Besides, I really did want to see him. And thank God I’d lost most of the weight I’d gained during my Mall Meltdown. I was almost a perfect size eight again.
With some trepidation, I penciled in the date of the ball on my calendar and booked a seat on a Trans West flight to Houston. But who knew, at that point, that a dramatic turn of events was about to unfold at Petticoat that would once again keep me from getting on that plane.

***** Chapter 9 *****
“Maxine Tells Me You’re a Virgin?”
I spent the first week of October 2015 happily immersed in details of my design job. When I wasn’t revising sketches or meeting with pattern-makers and seamstresses at Desert Dolls, a sprawling costume factory on the outskirts of town, I was at Petticoat taking bust, waist, and hip measurements. Late one afternoon, as I was winding my tape measure around a particularly voluptuous cocktailer who was ranting about being stiffed by some conventioneers from Milwaukee, Maxine came bursting through the stage door in a panic.
She was furious because Lou and Cindy, her Elvis and Ann-Margret impersonators, had run off to the Aladdin the night before and gotten hitched. She said they picked that hotel because the real Elvis married Priscilla there on May 1, 1967. Maxine said this kind of stunt was typical of tribute artists who sometimes go a step beyond imitating a celebrity’s talent, and actually start living their life.
After spending the night in a honeymoon suite at the Riviera – chosen, of course, because Ann-Margret got hitched there a week after Elvis’s wedding – they rang up Maxine from McCarran to announce they were jetting off for a two-week honeymoon in Montreal and Niagara Falls.
Maxine was beside herself! The casino was heading into busy weeks, and the Elvis-Ann-Margret act, “A King, a Sex Kitten, and a Harley,” was the headliner of her Stardealer show. There was a performance that very night. But through her tears, she could see a silver lining. The marriage, ultimately, might be good for business because the real Elvis and Ann-Margret had a love affair while filming Viva Las Vegas here in 1963, and the characters they played got married at the end of the movie. With the right twist, she could spin Lou and Cindy’s elopement into a major, upcoming promotion, “The Newlyweds Return: Life Imitates Art, Viva Las Vegas Style,” or something like that.
For Maxine, the crisis of the moment was finding replacements for the next show, now just hours away. Frantically, she began calling around, tapping her friends and connections at agencies, clubs, and other casinos. Vegas was filled with hot, hunky Elvises, hanging out on street corners, in shopping malls, diners, car-rental agencies, and everywhere else. So it would be easy to find a stand-in for Lou, someone who could fill out a gem-encrusted jumpsuit and mimic Elvis’s silky baritone.
But Maxine needed more, a King who could not only look gorgeous, sing, and swivel, but also tool a giant Harley onto the stage. Yes, Elvis had to ride a black-and-chrome motorcycle through the cavernous gambling hall, up a ramp, onto an elevated stage, and, to boot, with a sexy Ann-Margret clinging to him. The Harley was key because Elvis and Ann-Margret’s characters had ridden them in Viva Las Vegas (1964), and everyone knew that Harleys were a staple of Ann-Margret’s wildly popular stage shows.
With a few calls, Maxine quickly booked one of Sin City’s hunkiest, most talented Elvises, a beefy ex-fireman named Chance Conlan, for the two-week gig. But filling Cindy’s shoes was proving more of a challenge. The part called for a wholesome sexiness, delicate bone structure, and fair beauty. All that, plus singing and dancing talent and a vibrant stage presence. Maxine had her work cut out for her. I had seen Cindy as Ann-Margret many times, and she fit the bill perfectly. Thirty years old, about 5’4”, vivacious, with long, strawberry-blond hair and a killer body. Oh yeah, one more thing: She could sing and dance.
Maxine looked over every one of her Stardealers, and ran down the roster of saloon-girl singers and cocktail waitresses on her payroll. But all of them fell short. In a last-ditch frenzy of networking, she barricaded herself in her office with her Rolodex and phone, chain-smoking, drinking cup after cup of stale coffee, and bending paper clips as she frantically phoned booking agents, stage contacts, and freelance tribute artists. But all were dead ends.
The situation was getting desperate.
I was standing in the doorway of her office commiserating with her on the crisis, when all of a sudden she trained her piercing-blue eyes on me. I could see the wheels turning. There was such intensity, like being in the same room with Norma Desmond, the maniacal, over-the-hill actress played by Gloria Swanson in Sunset Boulevard.
“Maxine, no!” I suddenly shrieked, waving my arms wildly like I was in the path of a charging bull. “I’m not your Ann-Margret! I’m forty-five, I’ve never been on the back, or even the front, of a Harley, and I haven’t sung or danced in years. Plus I can’t deal blackjack. Get a grip!”
“Okay, doll, I hear ya,” Maxine shot back, jumping out of her chair and grabbing my arm. “But you’re fair skinned, you’ve got great bones, and you’re thin enough to fit into the costumes. Plus you’ve seen the act so many times, you probably know it by heart. Wendy, please, I need you! We’re into extra innings, and there’s no one warming up in the bullpen!
“Here’s a costume, doll. Just try it on. And you don’t have to sing, I swear. We’ll play a tape of Cindy in the background so you can lip-synch through both songs. No big deal. And don’t be scared of the bike. Just hold onto Chance and you won’t have any problems. I’ve seen him on the Harley plenty of times. He knows what he’s doing.”
She was wild-eyed, babbling like a runaway train.
“Just get up there and sway beside him on the stage while you mouth the words. After the songs, if the two of you want, you can walk around the casino and schmooze the players. Then all you have to do is get back on stage, climb on the bike, and zoom off. The crowd will love it. It’ll take them back to a better time and place like they’re in high school again, or college, or their hometown, or wherever!”
“But, I can’t…” I sputtered, trying to get a word in. She blew me off and steamrolled on.
“Please do this one favor for me, doll, and I’ll owe you big time. We have hundreds of customers out there, and I need an Ann-Margret! Here’s the costume. Just get into it and try on that long, blonde wig hanging on the mirror.”
I threw my hands up and took a deep breath. I was scared witless at the thought of doing this, but I looked into Maxine’s eyes and saw the panic. Then I thought about all she had done for me. What if she got in trouble with the suits upstairs because the Elvis-Ann-Margret finale didn’t come off tonight? Maybe something like that could really hurt her? I knew how important her job was to her, and I was aware of how ruthless upper management could be. What if she got fired? Would that jeopardize my design job, since Maxine was the driving force behind it?
As these questions raced through my mind, I realized Maxine was my best career hope in this town. I needed to do all I could to help her, so I decided to give it a try.
By then it was almost 7:00. Show time was an hour away. Maxine threw two costumes at me that were copies of originals worn by Ann-Margret. One was a pair of white short-shorts and an orange V-neck sweater from the opening scene of the 1964 movie, Viva Las Vegas. The other was a hot-pink top-and-pants-set from a song-and-dance routine in the 1963 musical, Bye Bye Birdie. Maxine told me the costume would get me into character fast and set the carefree, sexy-casual mood for the act.
No way was I going to ride into that casino in short shorts with my cellulite jiggling on the back of a Harley! So I grabbed the bubblegum-pink number. The top was long-sleeved and had three rows of flirty ruffles above its bare midriff. The matching pencil-slim Capri pants zipped in back. It was a glam Sixties’ look, but at the same time, classic.
I darted into a dressing room to change. The costume was a perfect fit, as Maxine had predicted. When I came out, she grinned, ear to ear, and squealed, “Yes! You’re great, the spittin’ image of Bobbie Temple in Carnival Knowledge! You probably don’t even know who I’m talkin’ about, do ya, doll? You were still playing hopscotch in the schoolyard.” Then she pulled me into the make-up room, plopped me in a swivel chair, and wrapped a gray cotton smock around me. As a make-up artist applied foundation, blush, lipstick, eye shadow, and lashes, Maxine fixed a long, flowing strawberry-blonde wig on my head. I looked in the mirror and saw Ann-Margret staring back! Presto-chango! Just like that, I had been transformed into a blond, Sixties’ sex kitten!
Seconds later, a burly, ponytailed prop man wheeled a gleaming black-and-chrome Harley up to the make-up room door. Then Chance Conlan came bounding out of his dressing room, and Maxine introduced us. For a moment, I was speechless. Standing before me were six feet of lean, lithe Elvis. His jet-black hair was slicked back; his eyes, piercing blue; his nose, straight and Greek-god-like, and his lips pouty. He wore snug black jeans, a popsicle-orange shirt slashed to the waist, a silver-studded black leather motorcycle jacket, and black boots. The minute we were alone, the twenty-something Elvis-clone kissed me on the cheek, gazed into my eyes, and murmured in a warm, husky voice, “Maxine tells me you’re a virgin?”
“Oh, you, uh, mean I haven’t performed as Ann-Margret before?” I replied, totally flustered. “I, uh, guess that’s true.”
Chance chuckled, draped his arm around me, and purred seductively, “Don’t be nervous, darlin’. Just hold on to me and everything’ll be fine. I’ll take good care of you out there. Just smile, be sweet, and look pretty.”
Hopping on the Harley, he cranked it up. The roar was deafening. Maxine shoved me on. I wrapped my arms around Chance. Someone pulled a black velvet curtain back, and off we zoomed. It was show time!
The main lights of the huge casino had been dimmed, but spot-and searchlights were flashing wildly. Chance and I roared down a dark aisle, flanked on both sides by tiny, flickering bulbs. As we raced by, casino patrons turned abruptly from slot machines, blackjack tables, and roulette wheels to gawk. There were yells, whistles, and friendly comments.
“Hey Elvis, Ann-Margret, how’s it ‘goin?” “Hey Elvis, where’s Priscilla?” “Hey Elvis, Ann-Margret, loved your movie!” “Hey Ann-Margret, how ‘bout a kiss?”
As we tore by, I heard them, but I didn’t dare look. I was holding onto Chance for dear life, with eyes glued straight ahead because I was terrified of being thrown off this wild, bucking monster.
In a minute, we were zipping up a steep ramp onto the bright stage. Elvis helped me off the bike, and the crowd cheered. We joked about our roles as Rusty and Lucky in Viva Las Vegas, then Elvis mentioned my role in Bye Bye Birdie. We belted out “Lot Of Livin’ To Do” from that flick, then launched into “Viva Las Vegas,” the official anthem of this town from the day the movie came out. Elvis kept his arm around me while the music blared. Chance actually sang, I lip-synched. Luckily, I’d seen the show so many times, I had the lyrics down cold.
As the act rolled on, I gained confidence. The stage lights were blinding, and the casino dark, so I couldn’t see the hundreds of people watching. But from the wild cheers, I knew we were doing okay. Elvis and I were going over big time with the crowd. We finished our songs to thunderous applause and wild screams.
After a few minutes of mingling with the crowd, we got back on stage, jumped on the Harley, rode down the ramp and out of the casino. Backstage, Elvis lifted me off the bike, kissed me, and whispered, “That wasn’t so bad, darlin’, was it?” Still in a daze, I laughed and shook my head. I couldn’t help thinking: If Roger could see me now!
The next thing I knew, a beaming Maxine was rushing forward to hug me, and suddenly I was having the time of my life! I got more attention during 30 minutes as Ann-Margret than I’d gotten in a lifetime as Wendy Cantrell Sinclair. And, guess what? I loved it. I absolutely loved it. Crazy, I know, but isn’t that what Vegas is all about? Living another life, making your dreams and fantasies come true? Or is that Disneyland?
I could now understand why so many of the Stardealers were obsessed with their jobs, their performances, the audiences, the attention. It was powerful, seductive stuff, taking on the appearance and persona of someone more talented, famous and successful than you’ll ever be, and having hundreds of strangers respond to and love you as if you were that person.
In my dressing room, I gradually came back down to earth as I took off the wig, smeared Albolene on my face, and tissued off the make-up. My eyes were glued to the mirror when Maxine suddenly appeared behind my chair to congratulate me again. Then she asked if I’d like to take over as Ann-Margret for the next two weeks until Cindy got back? I was flabbergasted. Believe me, this was the last thing I would ever have imagined myself doing. But I found myself unable to resist. I was flattered she even wanted me.
It seemed like a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, a chance to do something totally different from what I did at Panache for twenty-five years. So I said yes, to one show a night, with Chance as my partner, and no dealer duties.
Why not, I thought, as long as I’d be at Petticoat anyway, measuring the girls for their new uniforms? Maxine said she’d pay me $200 a show. I didn’t care about the money, but I wasn’t about to turn it down, either. Just as we were closing the deal, Paige and Serena burst into my dressing room, hugged me, and gushed about how great the act was.
There were a couple of reasons I accepted Maxine’s offer. I wanted to help her out, of course, and it would only be until Lou and Cindy got back. But more importantly, the act reminded me of how much I’d enjoyed my early acting days in L.A. This was my first foray onto a stage since then, and it felt like coming home. I wanted to reclaim the performer inside me, long buried under my corporate persona at Panache.
I didn’t dare tell Roger, at least not right away. Why should I? The gig would be over by the time I flew to Houston for the ball, and we were down to two brisk, businesslike e-mails a week, so it didn’t seem necessary. Besides, I thought, he’d probably laugh his head off, or make a mockery of the whole thing, and that would have taken the fun out of it for me.
A few nights later, after another rousing encore, who should turn up at the stage door but Gary, oh so sinewy in his black leather biker jacket and jeans. After a friendly kiss that nearly buckled my knees, he tried to explain that the craps tables were the main attraction, but I think he was burning with curiosity about how well I carried off the act.
He seemed impressed and told me so, laying the compliments on thick, and flattering me with playful comments about how sleek and sexy I looked on the back of the Harley. Thank God I didn’t know earlier that he was coming, or my legs would have turned to jelly. After he left, I sat quietly in my dressing room, dazed and unnerved, trying to take it all in. I couldn’t help wondering where he was going from here. A hot date with a showgirl or a cocktail waitress, perhaps? A dusk-till-dawn club-binge with the guys? Did he even have a clue I cared?

***** Chapter 10 *****
“You’re Not the Victim Here – I am!”
As the nights flew by, I grew more confident as Ann-Margret, and reveled in the applause. Nightly ovations accompanied by wild cheering can really turn a girl’s head. I knew I’d miss the attention when the gig ended. Lou and Cindy were due back soon, so there wouldn’t be a problem with my going to Houston, as planned, on October 27th.
But then, out of the blue and much to my dismay, the roof fell in. The lovebirds phoned Maxine from Montreal and told her they wouldn’t be back till November 10th. Maxine flew into a rage and threatened to fire them both. But she knew they were the best Elvis and Ann-Margret act in the country, so she quickly calmed down and gave them the extra time.
Now I was in a panic. I had planned to fly to Houston on the 27th so I could spend a couple of days getting reacquainted with Roger before attending the ball on the 29th. When I told Maxine about the trip, she said she would try to find another Ann-Margret to work with Chance. But as the date approached, she became preoccupied with other, more pressing issues, so I sensed that it wasn’t going to happen.
Meanwhile, as I grew more relaxed on stage with Chance and more used to the idea that Maxine needed me till November 10th, I started to get cold feet about the trip. The more I thought about it, the less I felt ready to face the judgmental stares of my husband’s uptight bosses and their snarky, busybody wives. And it infuriated me. Why should I have to justify what I’d been doing with my life to them? Just because I planned to spend a long weekend in Vegas that somehow got stretched into five months, did I owe them an explanation? And, really, what would it be? The truth? I don’t think so. They would have condemned me as an immature, self-absorbed bitch, or laughed in my face. Okay then, a bunch of more acceptable lies? No, I refused to do that. Why should I have to? I had nothing to be ashamed of.
Oh, I could just see the fireworks exploding between Clare, Doris and me at the ball. Some hideous powder-room confrontation that would lead to hair-pulling, broken nails, badly smeared makeup, and lots of screaming. To be followed by more fighting with Roger, who would be mortified by my behavior. Not theirs, mine. And the whole weekend would be a disaster. Roger and I would be right back to where we’d been after that horrid lunch-time catfight I had with Clare and Doris at Bayou Bistro in downtown Houston. To top it all off, I’d probably end up in Methodist Hospital’s ER again with chest pains. I just couldn’t deal with it.
Why subject myself to all that when I felt so much more comfortable here, on an elevated platform in the center of a crowded casino, masquerading as a beautiful, vibrant sex kitten? Why couldn’t I just live the rest of my life up there, basking in the warmth and love of all those strangers watching raptly from below? The more I thought about it, the more I didn’t want to return to Houston, and the more I dreaded calling Roger to tell him. I knew he’d be angry and disappointed. But I just couldn’t go through with it. He didn’t even know about the Ann-Margret gig. How was I going to explain this?
Taking a deep breath, I summoned my courage and dialed his cell. He saw my name on his caller-ID and answered with an enthusiastic “Hi, Wend!” After quickly dispensing with the niceties, he eagerly asked what time he should pick me up at the airport. I hesitated, then mustered the nerve to tell him, “Roger, uh, I’m sorry, but I’m not coming. There’s been a change in my plans. I hope you’ll understand. I have a work commitment that I just can’t get out of.”
In a nanosecond, his tone went from happy and excited to angry and tense. Send in the referees, I thought, it’s blow-up time.
“What kind of work commitment are you talking about?” he thundered. “You don’t work twenty-four hours a day, do you? You can fly down in the afternoon, go to the ball, and leave the next morning.”
“Well, uh, actually, I can’t. You see, I’ve been doing this night job the past couple of weeks. I’m, uh, filling in as an Ann-Margret impersonator in the Petticoat casino. I perform with an, uh, Elvis. It’s no big deal. We ride into the casino on a Harley, do some comedy, sing, walk around, talk to people. It’s fun.”
I paused briefly, waiting for some response. But he was back in silent mode, so I went on.
“When I told you I’d go to the ball, I thought Cindy, the regular Ann-Margret, would be back from her honeymoon with Lou, who plays Elvis. But they’ve extended it, so now I’m doing the act till November 10th. I didn’t tell you about this before because I didn’t think it was necessary, but now that I can’t go I felt I owed you an explanation. By the way, the good news is the act’s going over well; we’ve gotten rave reviews.”
Again, I stopped. I was groping in the darkness for some reaction from him, but there was only stone-cold silence. Then a bitter little laugh, and the floodgates opened.
“Oh my God. You can’t be serious!” he sneered. “You’re an Ann-Margret impersonator in a casino show with an Elvis? And this is the reason you can’t go to the ball? Wendy, what’s happening to you? What the hell are you doing with your life? What the hell are you doing to this marriage? You’re an intelligent, professional woman with a business degree and twenty-five years’ experience at Panache, most of them in upper management. You don’t need to do this kind of work. It’s frivolous and demeaning. This whole Ann-Margret thing has midlife crisis written all over it. What are you trying to prove? That you’re still young and sexy? Well, you are. I’ve told you that plenty of times. So why are you doing this? I thought you said you were making uniforms for cocktail waitresses. What happened to that?”
Here we go again, I thought.
“I do the uniforms during the day and the Ann-Margret thing at night,” I explained after a brief pause. “It’s just for a few more weeks, as a favor to my boss. She was in a bind and needed someone right away because Elvis and Ann-Margret – I mean Lou and Cindy – ran off, got married, and took a long honeymoon in Canada. I didn’t want to do it, but she begged me. It’s just temporary, but now I’m thinking of continuing part-time even after they get back.
“Anyway, who gives a damn? You may think it’s frivolous and demeaning, or part of some midlife crisis, but I enjoy it. As a matter of fact, I love it! The crowds, the costumes, the Harley, the songs, working with Elvis. I love it all. And it’s too damn bad if you don’t approve!”
Roger sighed. I could practically see his eyes rolling.
“What can I say?” he sighed. “It sounds like you’ve made up your mind, Wendy, and once again it’s all about you, you, you. What I want doesn’t figure into this equation, does it? I’m not going to beg you to change your mind. You’ll just come up with another excuse.”
“This isn’t an excuse, it’s just the way things happened!” I cried. “Please try to understand. Don’t be angry. I really wanted to go to the ball. Believe me, I was planning on it. I bought a ticket weeks ago, but I just can’t get away right now.”
“Okay, you made your point. I have to go now. I have work to do.”
Now the self-pity was rolling in. He really sounded bitter. Once again, he was cutting me off with some bogus work-related thing when we really needed to talk.
“Oh Roger, come on. Don’t leave things like this!” I pleaded. “I know you’re hurt and angry, but give me a break. I made a commitment to my boss that I would do the act till Cindy got back. Maxine has done so much for me. I owe her, can’t you understand that?”
“Commitment?” he snarled. “You have a helluva lot of nerve talking about commitment! What about the commitment you made to me the day we got married? Why can’t you take that as seriously as you’re taking this commitment to your so-called boss?”
“Roger,” I fired back, “If it weren’t for Maxine, I wouldn’t have this design job. She’s the one who went to upper management and convinced them to take a chance on me, with no experience. She put her job on the line for me. Creating 1,000 cocktail uniforms is no small deal, believe me. This is an enormous opportunity, what I’ve always wanted, the best thing that’s happened to me in years. Why can’t you get that?
“Does everything in the universe have to revolve around Roger Sinclair? Why is your job so all-important to you, and I’m supposed to understand that because you’re a man? But you don’t have to understand how important my job is to me because I’m a woman? Will you explain that? Can you?”
“Wendy, hold it right there,” he yelled, “You’re not going to turn this into some feminist thing. You’re not going to sit there on your high horse in Vegas and preach to me like I’m some Neanderthal lug who wants to hold you back and stifle your career. Don’t try to justify your selfish, irrational, immature behavior by pretending it has something to do with feminism and women’s rights. It doesn’t. You’re not the victim here – I am!”
He briefly came up for air before steamrolling on.
“I didn’t tell you I was going away for a long weekend with a friend and then stay away for months, did I? I didn’t call you one day and casually mention that I’d rented an apartment in another city, did I? I didn’t fly off and abandon you after three-and-a-half months of marriage, then expect you to be happy about my new job, did I?”
“Uh, no,” I murmured.
For a moment, I was stunned, speechless. Then Roger went on in a cold, imperious tone. “Like I said 10 minutes ago, I have to go. We can talk about this some other time. There’s a structural guy from Austin on the other line that I’ve been trying to get for days. If I don’t pick up, he’ll be gone. I have to go.”
Click.
The line went dead. He hung up on me. Roger hung up on me! I couldn’t believe this was happening.
“Goddammit,” I screamed, kicking a table. Goddamn him! I punched his number into the phone fast, frantic, furious. But he wouldn’t pick up. I tried again. And again. And again. Then I yanked the phone out of the wall with both hands and hurled it across the room.
A tight, searing pain ripped through my chest. Clutching it, I fell on the couch, crumpled into a fetal ball and held a pillow against my heart as hard as I could so it wouldn’t implode. Jesus Christ, I thought, I’m forty-five years old and I’m having a goddamn heart attack. I’m going to end up in the ER of Las Vegas General if this keeps up. This goddamn marriage is killing me. One way or the other, this goddamn marriage will kill me!
A wave of despair washed over me. I felt anxious, depressed, afraid of what this latest blow-up was going to do to my marriage, or what was left of it. So what was I supposed to do now? Get on the next flight to Houston and go to the damn ball with Roger? Tell Maxine I couldn’t do the act for a few days? No and Never. I felt so drained and depressed after this latest ten-rounder that I couldn’t, even if I’d wanted to. These bitter arguments were killing me!
Everything Roger said came flooding back. Some of it was true. What I was doing was all about me. But wasn’t what he was doing all about him? Were we both hopelessly selfish pigs? And where, exactly, did that leave our marriage?
I could have pondered these questions for hours, but I didn’t have the time. I splashed some cold water on my face, dabbed some makeup on, and tried to pull myself together. I had a meeting with Maxine at Petticoat in 30 minutes. Then I needed to get ready for tonight’s show with Elvis. Damn the chest pains. Damn the latest knock-down-drag-out with Roger. Damn the Wiggin Ball. Damn Lou and Cindy. Damn them all!

***** Chapter 11 *****
Roger and Lisa. Roger and Lisa.
Roger and Lisa.
A week later, on the morning after the ball, I stayed in bed with the covers pulled over my head till noon. Roger and I hadn’t spoken the phone-fight, and I couldn’t shake this feeling of doom, that he would try to punish me forever for not flying to Houston on the 27th.
I finally dragged my sorry butt out of bed and peeked through the living room curtains. It was 90 degrees already, and the blinding sun was devouring another day in the Mojave Desert. In front of the Villa, five floors down, I could make out Bud and Connie trying to revive some burned-out coneflowers with a gnarled garden hose. In this relentless heat, maybe it was a lost cause?
Throwing on a tattered robe, I toddled to my computer to check e-mail before heading to the gym. There was a message from our gay pediatrician-neighbor in Houston, the only person I sort of got to know down there, neatly tucked in my spam folder. And it wasn’t that recipe for Meemaw’s praline cheesecake he’d been promising since we got back from our honeymoon in London.
Hi Wendy, it’s me, Maxwell. How are you doing? I don’t know if I should tell you this or not, but I opened the society section of the paper today and Babs Kinkade, our resident Harpie gossip columnist, has a full page on the Wiggin Ball last night. Smack-dab in the middle, there’s a big picture of Roger with Lisa Latham. She’s holding his arm in a territorial way like they’re an old married couple.
I felt nauseous, absolutely rocked. Did I want to read the rest of this?
Babs makes all kinds of insinuations. I don’t know if you realize how powerful she is, so I thought I’d do the neighborly thing and let you know. She wrote that you’re in Vegas working as a fashion designer and Ann-Margret impersonator and that’s why you weren’t there. I knew you were designing. Roger told us. But the Ann-Margret-impersonator thing? Very cool. Sylvester loves her. Next time we’re up there, we’ll catch your act.
I don’t know what the deal is with you and Roger. But I wanted you to know about this. If you want to check out the story, you can find it on the Daily Herald’s website under Babblings.
Cheers, Maxwell
I pulled up the website lickety split, clicked on Babblings, and there they were. Roger and Lisa right in the middle of the page, just like Maxwell said. He, handsome in his Armani tux; she, stunning in a navy-blue, one-shouldered Vera Wang gown. Anchored around her swanlike neck was a dazzling sapphire-and-diamond necklace. Dangling from her ears, matching clips.
The caption read, “The most glamorous duo at last night’s Children’s Aid Society Ball were Roger Sinclair, architect for Magnolia Crescent, and socialite Lisa Latham, daughter of real estate developer, Dan Latham, and his society-maven wife, Clare.” In her column, Babs raved that Lisa had dazzled the crowd with her beauty and poise and that her “handsome escort” looked dapper in his dark gray tux.
I felt sick to my stomach, enraged and betrayed. Pangs of jealousy tore through me. My heart was pounding so fast, I thought it would leap out of my chest. How much more could I take? Roger and Lisa, Roger and Lisa, Roger and Lisa. It seemed so right, so natural, so inevitable. Except for one minor detail: He just happened to be married to me. Why did he take her to the ball? Was this some kind of set-up by Dan and Clare? Or did Roger orchestrate this cozy little stunt all on his own? Was there something going on? I had to know.
I could barely see straight as I dialed Roger’s cell. Thank God he wasn’t in a meeting, for once. The words came tumbling out. “Roger, it’s me. Why did you hang up on me last week? That was rude. In eight years, you’ve never done anything like that. What the hell has gotten into you?” I was demanding answers and, come hell or high water, I was going to get them.
“Wendy, I told you I had an important call on hold,” he said petulantly. “I had to take it. I know you tried to call me back, but I was on the line for at least a half hour with that guy. Is that why you called? To reprimand me for hanging up on you, which, by the way, I didn’t do, last week?”
“Uh, no, it isn’t, dammit. I just saw the Daily Herald’s society page on their website. Nice photo of you and Lisa.”
“I haven’t seen the paper yet. I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
How dare he sound so innocent and unaware. I was furious!
“So you attended the ball last night with Lisa. What a beautiful couple you two make. Why didn’t you tell me she was your back-up date? You tried to lay a guilt trip on me for not going, and the whole time you were probably relieved because you knew you could take her instead.”
“Wendy, that’s ridiculous!” he cut in, “I didn’t even know till the last minute that Lisa needed an escort. There was a bad storm in Dallas, and the airport was closed for three hours. Her date couldn’t get back. And my wife, of course, had other plans, so I was also going solo. Lisa was very upset, and Dan and Clare thought it would be nice if the two of us could go together. So they called me a couple hours before the ball and asked me to escort her. It was just two people attending a charity event together. There was nothing romantic or intimate about it. I can assure you we were well chaperoned.”
“A storm kept Lisa’s date in Dallas?” I raged. “Surely you’re joking? How convenient.”
“Yeah, that’s right, Wendy, a storm. I had nothing to do with it. I don’t control the weather around here. The guy couldn’t get back, so Lisa and I went together, okay? Like I said, it was nothing.”
“Well, apparently Babs Kinkade thought it was something,” I shot back. “Your photo with Lisa is the centerpiece of her report. The story is splashed all over their website.”
“I haven’t seen it. Who told you about it anyway, a secret informant?”
“Never mind, it’s not important,” I snapped.
“I’m just glad Lisa was available,” he cut in. “She made the evening enjoyable. Lots of money was raised, and I think the locals in Wiggin were impressed with the Magnolia Crescent contingent. As Dan’s daughter, Lisa understands what we’re up against with the zoning commission and why it’s important to present the right public image. She was the belle of the ball, made the event a smashing success. I think there’s hope yet on the zoning issue.”
“Roger, I don’t want to hear about the damn zoning issue!” I lashed out. “Is there something going on between you two?”
“Lisa and I are friends, that’s all. I haven’t had time to focus on anyone romantically, and even if I did, I’m married, remember?” He said it quickly, mechanically, without emotion, to annoy and rattle me. “Besides, you have no right to complain. If you’re so worried about my social life, put your money where your mouth is, get on a plane, and come back.”
“Roger, you know I’m in the middle of this uniform project,” I bristled. “It’s important to me in the same way that Magnolia Crescent is to you. You still don’t get that, do you?”
“It would be a helluva lot easier for me to accept this design stuff if you’d discussed it with me beforehand, instead of e-mailing me one day out of the blue, and then demanding that I be thrilled for you. It’s going to take some time for me to understand your behavior. Do you get that?” he countered.
“Yeah, uh, guess so,” I murmured.
“Anything else on your mind?” he asked smugly.
“Yeah, one more thing,” I replied. “Why did you tell Babs I’m working as an Ann-Margret impersonator at Petticoat Palace? I was stunned when I read it in her column. That’s not information I wanted splashed across the society pages.”
“Babs asked me where you were, and I told her. You claimed to love your job so much, so why should that bother you? She would have found out anyway. Then it would have looked like I tried to cover it up. I thought it was best to go ahead and tell her.”
“Okay, but I didn’t want that stuff printed in a newspaper. I don’t mind her mentioning my design work, but the Ann-Margret gig is temporary. I’m just doing it as a favor for my boss.”
“Don’t worry, that paper will be lining birdcages tomorrow. Look, I’ve got to go. I have a meeting with a surveyor from San Antonio in a few minutes and I want to take a look at that photo. I just hope they got me on my right side,” he cracked, “and that we get some good PR out of this.”
As I hung up, the reality suddenly hit me like a ton of bricks. My marriage was turning into a farce. Were we ever going to be a normal married couple? Were we losing respect for each other? Could we ever get it back? I honestly didn’t know at that point.
I wondered what was going on in Lisa’s head? Was she planning to steal my husband? Would the proper, sanctimonious Clare Latham, a Bryn Mawr graduate and pillar of Houston Society, actually allow her daughter to get involved with a married man?
On the other hand, I couldn’t help thinking how well suited Roger and Lisa were for each other. I must be crazy, I thought, to imagine my husband living happily ever after with another woman, but I could see the two of them together, enjoying a full life of country club dances, golf outings with Daddy, posh benefits at the Cattlemen’s Club, and Sunday night buffets with the family. The whole enchilada. That scenario made me shudder, but maybe it was meant to be. I was living in Vegas, while Roger and Lisa were in Houston, so the field was wide open. As his wife, did I still have the house advantage? Or were the odds now stacked in the dishy deb’s favor?

***** Chapter 12 *****
Late November 2015
Roger was Mr. Workaholic. Gary was Mr. La Dolce Vita.
When I first moved into the Villa, I did my grocery shopping the old fashioned way: I walked to the store or drove. But after I started designing and doing the Ann-Margret gig, I was too busy for all that, so I started ordering groceries online and having them delivered. The service was good, but I could never understand why, in Vegas, you could get a Hot Babe Delivered Direct to Your Door in twenty minutes or less, while it took up to twenty-four hours for a few lousy bags of groceries.
This explains why I was trekking down the dirty, cracked sidewalk of Flamingo Road one overcast November morning heading to Albertson’s. My stomach was growling, my fridge was empty, and I couldn’t wait up to twenty-four hours for the luxury and convenience of my next grocery delivery.
It was 8 o’clock on a Wednesday morning. After toiling long hours for weeks in the Desert Dolls’ cutting room, I was taking a few days off. I was also taking a break from my Ann-Margret gig, which I was doing only a couple of nights a week. Lou and Cindy had finally returned from their honeymoon, so I’d been downgraded to part-time, which was fine because I was so busy with the designing.
The blocks seemed endless, nearly a quarter-mile each, but the triple-digit desert heat had finally broken in early November, so I was cool and comfy in jeans and a tee. On and on I walked, past a Twilight Zone of local eateries partially hidden behind broad-branched Texas Palmettos and Mexican fan palms.
Making my way down Flamingo, I tried to ignore the endless stream of traffic, but I couldn’t shut out the deafening roar of aircraft zooming above me, as punctual as a stopwatch. Every sixty seconds, another Southwest, Ted, or Frontier jet would drop from the clouds and begin its descent into the madness of McCarran, where it would quickly disgorge a planeload of pleasure seekers eager for their next Strip fix.
So there I was on Flamingo, heading for Maryland Parkway and the twenty-four-hour Albertson’s, a beacon of relative stability. The huge store was brightly lit, an ungainly mega-slab of strip-mall concrete set amidst murky tattoo parlors and dusky Mexican bodegas. Just beyond the cashier stands lay a greasy ATM that had seen better days, some battered slot machines, and a handful of video-poker terminals.
After threading my way through the turnstile, I sized up my fellow shoppers, a well-seasoned mix of the usual Vegas riff-raff, hangers-on, and survivors. There were a few elderly Jewish widows from the Bronx; a couple of long-haired desert rats in sweatshirts with bald eagles emblazoned across their chests and bulbous turquoise rings on their gnarled fingers, and a fascinating hodgepodge of defrocked ingénues, would-be showgirls, comedian wannabes, aspiring lounge-lizards, frazzled mothers with screaming tots, and greasy Midwest runaways desperately seeking Pop-Tarts.
I whipped out my shopping list: yogurt, fruit, bread, granola bars, Lean Cuisine frozen dinners. After sashaying through the deli, I strolled into produce and gravitated to some cellophane-wrapped blueberries stacked on a table. While sizing up the mold on the bottom of the cartons, a familiar face zoomed into view. Could that be Gary the hunk, I wondered, towering above the Washington apples? Our eyes met. With goofy grins, we shuffled towards each other like two high school freshmen at their first dance.
My heart did a series of cartwheels. I hadn’t seen him in weeks. It was here, amidst the organic carrots and virginal English cucumbers, that I finally understood why I was so attracted to him. He was more than a cute guy in a new city. He personified a casual sexiness, a laid-back approach to life that Rigid Roger lacked. Gary represented the possibilities for an exciting new world, where fun and adventure were more important than eighty-hour workweeks and social acceptance. Sort of an icon for this city, no, where pleasure and partying are everyday entitlements, not occasional indulgences. Gary was as lively and vital as Vegas itself, with the same live-for-the-moment insouciance, but minus the city’s darker side of hustling, conning, and backstabbing.
Roger was Mr. Workaholic. Gary was Mr. La Dolce Vita. Mr. La Dolce Vita standing before me in the produce department of Albertson’s, in bleached jeans, with muscles rippling seductively under a black Harley-Davidson tee. His blue eyes twinkled with mischief as we traded brief hellos. He explained that he was stocking up on snacks for the plane because Posse had gobbled up his stash when he flew them back from Atlanta on Sunday. I sneaked a peek in his cart and spotted cookies, trail mix, Cheetos, and a case of bottled water. Hey, for a dude like this, I could overlook a little trans fat!
Gary seemed eager to chat but told me he was in a rush, off to Wyoming that morning to pick up the manager of Posse and bring him back to watch the band perform some new songs on the Strip that weekend.
“Ever been to Jackson Hole?” he asked casually, tossing some bananas in a bag.
“No, but I’ve always wanted to go,” I sighed, as we edged closer, our fingers brushing lightly while groping for twister-ties. “I hear it’s gorgeous. I’ll get there someday.”
“How ‘bout today?” he shot back with a sly grin. “I’m leaving in an hour. A one-day-round-trip. We’ll be back tonight.”
Wow, I thought, does this guy move fast, or what? I shook my head and started to speak. “Uh…” But he jumped right in. “I’ll have you home for cookies and milk by 9, I promise.” Something in his playful baby blues told me this would be one helluva ride, filled with fun, flirtation, and God knows what else, from takeoff to landing.
“Come on, you’ve never flown with me, and Wyoming’s Tetons are one of the prettiest sights on earth. I don’t like to fly alone. I’d love to have you along.”
The guy seemed sincere, but something told me to resist.
“No, really, I don’t think so,” I said weakly, my voice trailing off as I stared vacantly at a bin of acorn squash. “But thanks anyway. Best offer I’ve had all day.”
“Okay, neighbor lady, suit yourself,” he answered with a shrug as he dashed off. He didn’t seem at all fazed. I liked the nonchalance. But I didn’t want to end up another stripe on his flight jacket. On the other hand, I thought to myself, did I just make the mistake of a lifetime?
In the express checkout, I somehow ended up two shoppers behind him. Minutes later, as I made my way out of the store, there Gary was again, breezing by in his red Explorer. Rolling down the window, he teased: “Hey Wendy, come on, get in. Last call for Jackson Hole. It’s now or never!”
He was taunting me, baiting me, implying that I was too timid or staid to jump in right then and there and take off with him. He didn’t know me very well. I was the girl who once flew off to Italy for two weeks with a guy on a half-day’s notice. I was the girl who could be ready for a last-minute trip to Palm Springs or Catalina in thirty minutes. I thrived on spontaneity and impulsiveness. I loved life on the edge. It turned me on.
Oh, what the hell! The plastic bags in my hand suddenly seemed unimportant. After all, it was just food. Who cared? After stuffing them in a trashcan, I dashed around to the passenger side of Gary’s car and hopped in.
Riding shotgun in the high cab, I glanced over at him. There was a big grin on his face. Was it happiness, triumph, or both? One small step for him, one giant leap for the entire male sex! I felt giddy, warm, excited as we glided onto Flamingo. At the first traffic light, we looked over at each other and laughed.
Fifteen minutes later, we were cruising into a half-empty airport parking lot shaded by lofty palms and lush willows. Before us sat McCarran Field’s Executive Terminal, a sprawling gray slab of a building perched on a secluded edge of the main tarmac just beyond the Strip’s south end.
We hustled through a pair of hulking glass doors into a long, pine-paneled room, a world apart from the frantic main terminal. Money of course was the common denominator here, as it was for most everything in this town, and the assortment of elite Cessnas, Gulf Streams, and Lears randomly strewn outside the heavy glass doors attested to that. I could just see Celine Dion rushing by in a long ermine coat with a maid trailing closely behind; a freshly frosted Barry Manilow trekking in with a full entourage, or the Wynns, with private pilot in tow, traipsing through on their way to Macau.
After Gary offered up his credentials and flight plan to the attendant at the flight support counter, he went over some technical and maintenance stuff with the service guys and checked the weather maps. We were ready for takeoff!
Hunched against the stiff November wind ripping into us, we made our way out to a Citation jet wedged alongside several others parked on the ramp. Up the steps we trooped. Within minutes, we were standing in the cockpit of the sleek, cream-colored seven-seater. I tried to be cool and casual, but my heart was pounding as I buckled my seatbelt.
Gary made radio contact with the control tower, got cleared for departure, and revved up the engine. Down the runway we taxied, then the light, expansive feeling of take-off enveloped us.
Up and away we glided into a gossamer blue sky dotted with billowy white clouds. Even prettier than the faux ones at Caesar’s.
We soared east over Nevada, and then on towards Utah, Idaho, and Wyoming. From 20,000 feet, all of it was a vast blur of brown, mountainous expanses and rolling hills and valleys dotted with green. Ninety minutes later, we touched down at Jackson Hole Airport, tucked inside gorgeous Grand Teton National Park.
I was overwhelmed by the beauty of the tableau unfolding before us: sprawling patches of green meadows tinged with autumn gold, mountainsides dotted with pine and aspen trees, and a valley filled with white wooden houses, rooster-red barns, and rambling log cabins. So idyllic, rustic, and serene. There wasn’t a casino, slot machine, or Girls Delivered Direct to You truck in sight.
Our landing was silky smooth. Unbuckling our seatbelts, we stood up to stretch. Then Gary ducked into the passenger cabin, pulled on a brown leather flight jacket, and eased another, slightly smaller, one over my shoulders.
“We’re here!” I squealed, leaning down to peek out the window.
“Yeah, welcome to Jackson Hole, baby!” he said, grinning. “I told you it was pretty. We’re 6,500 feet up. Let’s get off this plane!”
Waiting for us inside the terminal was Dax Decker, manager of Posse and vice-president of Boomerang Talent Management. At first glance, he seemed rather attractive, about 5’11”, with longish, shaggy salt ‘n’ pepper hair, sky-blue eyes set behind dark-rimmed glasses, a black leather jacket casually thrown over a gray silk shirt, and just the slightest hint of a potbelly straining the waist of his designer jeans.
Gary and Dax indulged in a brief, macho semi-hug, trying to be continental, I supose. It was sort of charming. Gary told me they’d met in Portland thirty years ago, and now they both worked for this L.A. based talent shop that handled major recording artists and rock groups. Dax had been key in landing Gary his pilot job at Boomerang a few years back after he left Trans West. The mega-successful talent manager lived in the Hollywood Hills when he wasn’t flying around the world making record deals and scouting new talent.
The three of us piled into Dax’s ritzy rental, a black Mercedes SUV, and headed for a hideaway called Moose Vista Lodge. Set in a rambling old ranch house, this five-star eatery overlooked a panorama of Lodgepole pines, steep ravines, and snowcapped granite peaks. The plan was to have lunch, re-board the jet, and hustle back to Vegas. But no sooner did we sit down than Dax informed us his plans had changed big time.
“I thought I’d be able to leave today, but I can’t. I just found out the money guys from Warner Brothers are flying in tomorrow, and I need to play golf with them and have dinner. It will help Posse if I can discuss a record deal and video package with them.”
Dax must have spotted the deer-in-the-headlights look in my eyes. He paused briefly, took a sip of pale ale and went on. “I really need to spend some quality time with these guys. Would you two mind hanging out today and tomorrow, and we can fly out first thing Friday?”
What a shocker! A host of fears and anxieties instantly descended. What had I gotten myself into? Where was this little adventure going? I heard Gary’s voice from across the table.
“That’s cool,” he said with a shrug, “The band doesn’t need me. Wendy, how ‘bout you? Do you want to stick around and see Jackson? It’s off-season. We just missed elk bugling, and most of the leaves are off the aspens. They’re getting a foot of snow here next week, but right now it’s warm and dry. There’s plenty to do, and we can take it all in without the crowds.”
“Oh, uh, I don’t know,” I murmured, shaking my head. Do I have any choice, I thought to myself. Of course not. “I’m not sure I’m comfortable with that. I didn’t bring any warm clothes or overnight stuff.” Yeah, sure, it sounded lame, but that’s all I could come up with at the moment.
Dax jumped in. “There’s a slew of boutiques in the hotel lobby, sweetheart, with anything your little heart desires, from designer jeans to leopard-skin panties and Chanel No. 5. Just charge it to your room, and Boomerang will pick up the tab.”
“Oh, uh, I don’t think I could do that.”
“Why not? We’re inconveniencing you by keeping you here for two days. You should be compensated, right, Gary?”
“Right, it’ll be fun. Come on, Wendy, we’ll get you out of here first thing Friday.”
He sounded so casual, so nonchalant. For an instant, I wondered if this was some kind of set-up between the two of them to keep me here so Gary and I would be thrown together in circumstances ideal for a hook-up? It seemed so retro, so manipulative, but it also made a crazy kind of sense.
On the other hand, Gary didn’t even know I was coming till this morning, so when would they have had the time to cook up this little scheme? Plus, we lived in the same building. If Gary really wanted to put the moves on me, surely he would have given it the old college try by now. There’d been plenty of opportunities. He didn’t need to fly me into the Alpine Outback, did he?
I finally dismissed the seduction scheme and caved. What else could I do? Demand that Gary take me back today, as promised? Try to find a commercial flight to Vegas? Gary had already told me that no airline had direct service, so I’d have a stop in Denver or Salt Lake. I knew how dicey connections could be on small airlines. Did I really want to take a chance on getting stuck or delayed in Salt Lake, or worse yet, Denver, my hometown? And truth be told, the thought of a mini-vacay in Jackson was sort of appealing. I really did want to see it.
“Well, I’m off for a few days, and I’ve never been here,” I admitted nervously, trying to convince both of them and myself. “It’s stunning, a real change of scenery. Yeah, sure, I guess so. It’ll be fun. But you’re positive about Friday, right?”
“Yeah, for sure, we’re outta here!” Dax confirmed with a double thumbs up.
Then, after a brief pause, I cut to the chase. “Where will we stay?”
Whipping a cell phone out of his jacket pocket, Dax replied, “I’m in a penthouse suite at the Elk Empress. It’s not the Ritz, but it’s as good as it gets out here. They have three restaurants, a half-dozen boutiques, a spa, a gym. I’ll call and book a room for you two.”
Shaking my head, I broke in fast.
“No, we, uh, need two rooms. Gary and I are friends. We’re not, uh, a couple. We’re just neighbors, and actually I’m married. My husband’s in Houston. Gary and I ran into each other this morning at Albertson’s and he invited me along. I don’t normally do this sort of thing, but I’ve never been here, or up in a private plane, and it was supposed to be a one-day trip.”
There! I got it all out. Sounded convincing, I hoped. Oh God, what are they thinking now, I wondered.
“Like I said,” I repeated for emphasis, “I’ve never been here and I wanted to see the place, so I tagged along. Two rooms, okay?”
“A tourist in our midst. Cool,” Dax chuckled, as his eyes drifted down to my left hand. “There’s the ring, I see it now. How could I miss that hunk of rock candy? Sorry, uh, Wendy, I had no idea.”
“You say your husband’s in Houston?” he went on. “Must be a bloody fool to leave you alone with this guy!” he laughed, nodding in Gary’s direction. “Yeah, two rooms. Done! I’ll take care of it right now. Boomerang will cover everything. No worries.”
I took a sip of tea, rolled my eyes and laughed nervously. It never occurred to me when I got in Gary’s car this morning that this was going to happen. Not in a million years. Call me naive. Call me stupid. But I never saw this coming.
Dax called the hotel pronto and booked the rooms. Then he turned to Gary and dropped another bombshell.
“Hey, by the way, Darcy’s here. She flew in from L.A. yesterday to get the contracts ready for the video deal.”
“Who’s Darcy?” I blurted.
“My assistant,” Dax shot back. “Gary’s been seeing her on and off for a couple years, right?”
“Yeah, she’s a friend,” Gary replied with a shrug.
“With benefits, as they say!” Dax cracked with a lusty laugh.
“Well, yeah,” Gary admitted sheepishly. “We hang out together sometimes when I’m in L.A. I haven’t seen her in a few months. She was taking flying lessons for a while. Pretty good, too. She should keep at it. You, uh, never said she was going to be here,” he added, mildly annoyed, staring at Dax. “Where is she?”
“Back at the hotel, taking care of business,” he answered, reaching for his beer. “I didn’t think I’d need her, but there were some last-minute glitches on the video deal, so she flew out to help.”
While I raided the breadbasket, I couldn’t help noticing how preoccupied Gary seemed with this Darcy person. From the faraway look in his eyes, it was obvious they were having an on-again, off-again affair. With him, was there any other kind? At the same time, he seemed uncomfortable, on edge, and almost embarrassed that the news about Darcy had been delivered so bluntly.
I wondered how Paula would have reacted to this mini-bombshell? I felt relieved that it was her problem, not mine. But if it wasn’t my problem, why did I suddenly get this sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach? If it wasn’t my problem, why did I feel a sense of dread because I was now going to have to watch from the sidelines while Gary carried on an affair with this Darcy person, just like I’d watched from the sidelines when he hooked up with Paula?
Could I endure the agony of another affair-by-proxy with the flirty flyboy? Would I always have to take a number when it came to him? Why did I care? He was single, right? And I was married, right? So what was the problem?

***** Chapter 13 *****
Who Did This Guy Think He Was… Eric Clapton?
From somewhere beyond my anguished thoughts, I heard raucous laughter as Gary and Dax ordered another round and bantered about Posse: where they’d played recently, how big the crowds were, how well the new songs had gone over. Pretending to ignore them, I stared blankly at my menu and wondered how I was going to get through the next 48 hours.
After a hearty lunch of grilled buffalo steaks, we headed to the Elk Empress, where Gary and I checked into our rooms. I’d barely inserted my keycard when he yelled from down the hall that he was going to Darcy’s suite to get “reacquainted.”
The minute I stepped inside, I felt cold, alone, and confused. How the hell had I wound up in a Jackson Hole hotel room, feeling pangs of jealousy over a playboy-pilot’s imminent hook-up with an executive assistant from La-La Land? I didn’t know whether to laugh, cry, or kick something.
I looked around. The room was rustic but ritzy. When I opened the closet, it suddenly dawned on me that, for the first time in my life, I didn’t have anything to unpack. So I fled to the lobby for some comfort shopping.
More like revenge-shopping. Working fast, I bought like a pro, picking up a couple of long-sleeved tops, some denim and black jeans, a few pairs of moosehead-crotch panties, and a pink suede-fringe jacket to keep the mountain chill at bay. I barely gave the $600 tab a second thought and charged everything to my room, as Dax had suggested.
Then I marched into the hotel pharmacy and shelled out another $200 for facial cleanser, sunscreen, and makeup. That’ll show ‘em, I thought, as I signed the voucher. It helped. There’s nothing like a little retail therapy to get your mind off things, ease the angst, and help you regain your perspective.
Back in my room, I dozed off briefly till the phone woke me. It was Gary, of all people, inviting me to go sightseeing with him. Darcy was swamped. Hell yeah, I thought, as long as it would just be the two of us. By the time I changed into heavier jeans, a magenta-colored top, and my new jacket, he was at my door.
We borrowed Dax’s car and tooled around sun-drenched Jackson for a couple of hours. At Pink Garter Plaza, while we sipped steaming-hot moose mochas at Charlie’s Coffeehouse, Gary stumbled through an awkward apology about our being held over and Darcy’s unexpected presence. What took him so long? Then he asked me if I’d mind terribly if he spent the evening with her. I said no, it was fine, I understood completely. I think I convinced him, but of course I minded. Big time. I felt let down and disappointed that we wouldn’t be spending more time together. But, what the hell? He obviously wanted to be with her.
Back at the hotel, I tried to get my mind off Gary and Darcy with a facial and massage in the Pampered Elk. At 8, a calm, somewhat refreshed me strolled into Chez Cotelette, the fanciest of the hotel’s three eateries, with the latest Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar tucked under my arm. But I didn’t get to read one word. Dax was there, ensconced at a corner table. I tried to duck out of sight, but it was futile. He spotted me and made a big deal out of running over to collect me.
“Wendy, Wendy, is that you?” he cried, lunging forward like a crazed fashionista who has just spotted the lone Prada bag in the 50%-off bin.
“Come and join me at my table. Don’t be shy, come on,” he insisted, taking my arm and leading me away like a federal marshal escorting one of the F.B.I.’s Ten Most Wanted. Oh God, I thought, do I need this right now?
At the table, the guy barely came up for air, launching into a rambling discourse on his grueling work schedule and lack of social life. “I’ve been working nonstop for months, and I’d love the chance to dine with a beautiful woman who doesn’t want a record deal, a video package, or an alimony check!”
I shook my head and laughed. He eased up a bit and leaned in. “It would be a pleasure to get to know you a little,” he murmured, “no strings, and talk about anything but work. I guess Gary’s with Darcy?”
“Uh-huh, I think so,” I answered, nodding casually. “We spent the afternoon riding around in your car, taking in the sights. It was amazing, really. Have you ever taken the Aerial Tram? It’s spectacular. Mt. Charleston is pretty, but there’s no snow yet. Teewinot, Grand Teton, and Mount Owen are already white, like 13,000-foot gray granite ice cream sundaes with marshmallow sauce. Gary said he’s been up there before, but it’s been years. Yeah, he’s having dinner with Darcy. I think they’re at the Mangy Moose. It’s probably a little more, uh, intimate than this.”
“Of course, of course. That’s our Gary. I love the guy like a brother, I really do, but he can’t keep his pants on for long, that one. I think he’s permanently stuck in the Summer of Love. No one has told him yet that it ended decades ago. I don’t know how he does it. He’s just this side of fifty, and every day’s still like the dawning of the Age of Aquarius.”
We both laughed, and for the first time I took a good, long look at the guy sitting across from me. His clothes were expensive, but the overall look was appealingly disheveled, like a cozily unmade bed. He had a sexy, husky voice. I wondered what he sounded like when he sang. And a fast, funny way of talking that reminded me of a circus juggler with all his balls in the air. You wouldn’t want to take your eyes, or ears, off him for long.
He seemed as nervous as I was, but I didn’t really know him. Maybe that was just his personality. The way he was all the time. Or maybe he was trying to impress me by being bold and outrageous, a little over the top. I wasn’t sure and I guess it didn’t matter. Either way, it was fun sitting there listening to him, learning some things about Gary. Dax, obviously, had an Irishman’s gift for spinning a delightful tale.
“Hard to believe the guy was married seven years,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief between sips of an apple martini. “It’s true. I witnessed the whole thing. You know, it nearly killed him, trying to be faithful. It was totally against his nature. His wife, Angie, was a real knockout, too. Smart, sweet, grew up on the right side of the tracks. Hell, I should’ve married her myself.
“I was best man at their wedding in Portland. My job was to hand over the ring and pass out the Valium. A few years later, there were two beautiful kids running around. My second ex was best friends with Angie, so I knew a lot about the marriage. From what Gary told me, it was one of those tragic cases where two people love each other but can’t make it work.”
What a trite, psychobabble comment, I thought, but it touched a nerve. Were Roger and I in that same boat? In love, but ill-fated from the start. Too obsessed with our own careers and ambitions, too self-absorbed to pay attention to, or even see, each other’s needs. Oh God, I thought, just like my parents.
Playfully popping a grape-size olive in his mouth, Dax gazed over at me and asked nonchalantly, “Did you say you’re married?”
Gagging slightly on my Cabernet, I answered, “Yes, we’re, uh, actually, newlyweds. We got married in late January, had a fabulous honeymoon in London, then went back to Houston. A few months later, I took off for a long weekend in Vegas with a friend, and I’ve been there ever since. It’s for professional reasons, really. My husband’s an architect working on a big project down there, and I have a contract with Petticoat Palace to design new cocktail waitress uniforms for them.”
“Thank God,” he shot back. “The ones they have now are god-awful, horrid-looking things, like something you’d see at the Wichita Falls Denny’s or the Peoria Applebee’s. Those girls deserve something pretty. And while you’re at it, make ‘em sexy!”
I giggled. “I’ll see what I can do.”
It suddenly occurred to me that I hadn’t laughed this much in a long time. Dax was fun, lusty, vital. He’d been married and divorced a few times (“the three merry wives of Dax,” he called them) and had three teenage kids. He was about 50, Roger’s age, and had had a long career in the music industry as a performer in the 1970s (lead guitar and vocals for Cro-Magnon and Broken Cherry), a producer in the 80s, and, since the mid-90s, as a manager and vice-president of Boomerang Talent Management in L.A.
He seemed a true Renaissance man, able to discuss anything, from food, wine, and movies, to theater, books, and music, of course. All kinds of music. His brain held an encyclopedic array of information on classical, operatic, hip-hop, rock, and jazz. From the sound of it, he’d met lots of legendary artists over the years: Frank Sinatra, Johnny Cash, Ella Fitzgerald, B.B. KIng, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Bob Dylan, even Elvis himself!
I was fascinated by Dax. How could I not be? He’d traveled all over the world and, despite one reckless decade (the 70s) spent in “a haze of sex, drugs, and rock ‘n’ roll,” seemed to remember most of it. Sure, he could be a bit crass, but he was actually quite bright, articulate, and quirky. Very quirky.
We dined on filet mignon and drank a bottle or two of very pricey French wine. I have no idea how much that meal cost, but I’m sure it was in the hundreds. Everything was first-class.
For hours, the conversation never lagged, careening wildly from fashion shows in New York and Paris, to clubbing in Vegas, flying on the Concorde, Broadway shows, vacationing in Ibiza, and all the people we both knew in the L.A. show-biz and music worlds. We finally closed the place down at 1 AM. There may have been a teensy goodnight kiss at my door, but to tell you the truth, after all that wine, I don’t remember. Only the hotel security cam would know for sure.
Back in my room, I pulled my hair into a ponytail, washed my face, and put on one of the complimentary spa robes hanging in the closet. Plopping down on the bed, I glanced at the phone and noticed the message light wasn’t blinking. Of course not. Roger didn’t know I was here. I thought of dialing his cell, just to let him know where I was, but that probably wasn’t a good idea. We hadn’t spoken since that agonizing argument last month after he took Lisa to the Wiggin Ball. If I called him, I was sure we’d get into it again. After making a mental note to e-mail him when I got back to Vegas, I drifted into a deep, sound sleep on my luxurious feather bed.
First thing next morning, I called Gary’s room. No answer. I figured he was still in Darcy’s suite, so I jumped in the shower, got dressed, and headed to the dining room around 9. Dax was already there, jabbering on his cell at a corner table cluttered with a pot of coffee and the business sections of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times. He waved me over. The minute I sat down, he put his call on hold, grinned, and whispered in that low, seductive voice of his, “I had a great time last night. I hope it was as good for you as it was for me. You’re looking radiant this morning.”
I laughed and rolled my eyes. Pretty good morning-after line for a morning-after that wasn’t really a morning-after, huh? Who did this guy think he was, Eric Clapton? I felt giddy, as light as a chocolate soufflé on steroids. Where was I, Studio 54 in the 70s?
Gary swaggered in a few minutes later, slightly rumpled and very sexy, with still-damp hair. Darcy swept into the dining room at the stroke of 10. It was whiplash time. Every head swiveled and swerved as the tall, Grace Kelly look-alike glided by. Dax introduced us. The handshake was very tepid.
She was your basic nightmare, about 5’8”, with long, blond hair, cornflower-blue eyes, perfect skin. Simply stunning in jeans and a black, low-cut top. Barely a trace of make-up. Rail-thin, too, but shapely in all the right places. Did she hit the genetic jackpot or what? The only good news was that she appeared to have zero personality. Not that she needed one looking like that.
In the cheery, timbered dining room, Gary, Dax, and I devoured lumberjack-size platters of pancakes, scrambled eggs, Canadian bacon, and the best English breakfast tea I’d had since London, while Miss Goddess picked at a virginal fruit plate, turkey bacon, and organic oatmeal with soy milk.
After breakfast, Dax dashed off to the Teton Pines resort for a round of golf with the Warner Brothers guys. Darcy retreated to her suite to revise more contracts. And Gary and I took off for some horseback riding along Greys River with a private guide. The late-autumn sky was cloudless and bracingly blue; the slate-colored Salt River Range dappled with snow.
Grizzled gray wolves and cocoa-colored elk slinked through the pine and aspen trees. Mid-afternoon, we spotted an elegant, black-and-white bald eagle with a yellow beak perched regally in a leafless cottonwood. Was this “America the Beautiful” on steroids or what?
That night, I lumbered into the spa, tired and achey, for a long soak in the hot tub, followed by dinner in my room.
Early on Friday, after another festive breakfast, Gary, Darcy, Dax, and I flew back to Vegas. Right before we landed, Dax suddenly leaned in and asked if we could get together that weekend. Both he and Darcy were staying till Sunday. For a moment, I was tempted. I knew it would be fun. But I felt awkward about it, and I knew I’d be working anyway, so I said something vague like, “Oh yeah, that would be nice,” and quickly changed the subject. I wanted to see him, but only as a friend, and I didn’t know if he’d accept those terms.
In the terminal parking lot back in Vegas, the four of us piled into Gary’s SUV. When we dropped Dax and Darcy off at Luxor, where Posse was playing that weekend, I thanked Dax for a memorable two days with a casual kiss on the cheek. I wanted to be nice, but I didn’t want to give him the wrong idea. Of course, Gary and Darcy shared a juicy smooch after she promised to make dinner reservations for them that night at Olive’s in Bellagio. Then Gary and I headed home to the Villa.

***** Chapter 14 *****
“Collateral Damage in What Midlife Crisis?”
Slogging down traffic-choked Flamingo in Gary’s SUV, I looked back on the past couple of days with no regrets. Jackson Hole was beyond beautiful, and meeting Dax had been exciting. There were some moments of anguish over Gary and his “friend with benefits,” but I felt like I had reached a new level of understanding about how wrong he would be for me in a romantic relationship.
Maybe Dirk Arthur could change a tiger’s stripes every day in his act at the Tropicana, but he’s a magician and I’m not. I was glad the playboy pilot was Paula’s problem, not mine, and relieved that my friendship with him had survived the trip.
As we pulled into the Villa parking garage, I felt a sense of relaxation and contentment, but somehow I knew it wouldn’t last. By the time Gary and I trooped into the Villa lobby with our bags, it was 10:30 on a warm, bright, late-November morning. The first thing we heard was Elvis crooning “Blue Christmas.” Then we spotted Bud and Connie, maintenance-man Herman, and a flock of Marauding Munchkins—mini-entertainers who lived on the third floor—decorating the lobby for the upcoming holiday.
They had somehow hauled in a huge, glittery-gold Santa slot machine. Just beyond it loomed a giant, shiny-white Christmas tree that screamed Super K-Mart. On tall ladders, a half-dozen Munchkins dressed in green elf outfits were busily trimming it with bright, Glitter-Gulch-themed ornaments: large red and green bulbs with commemorative images of Frank, Dean, Sammy, Wayne, and Elvis stamped on them. Also lots of hanging foam dice and twinkling mini-craps sticks.
Topping the tree was a hulking, chip-covered reindeer head with a huge silicone rack—on its chest, not its head. A stunning reminder that we were in Vegas, not Butte. The whole scene was so eerily festive and bizarre, a combination welcome home and sneak preview of my first Christmas in Sin City.
As Gary and I checked it all out, Bud mentioned that a visitor was waiting for me over by the Curl Up ‘n’ Dye hair salon. I didn’t have a clue.
We trudged around the corner with our stuff. There, hunched in a chair with a cup of coffee and a newspaper, was a very familiar face. He was dressed casually in khaki pants and a blue denim shirt. As he got up, he smiled hesitantly, walked towards me and looked Gary over with great curiosity. I suddenly thought of that scene in Gone With the Wind where Melanie spots her husband, Ashley Wilkes, limping wearily up the long dirt road to Tara after the Civil War. Shivers of excitement, mingled with dread, ran down my spine.
It was Roger!
I ran to him. We hugged and attempted a kiss, our heads butting awkwardly on the approach. (After six months apart, we probably needed a registered sex coach and an air traffic controller to choreograph our every move.) I was going to get in touch with him as soon as I got back, and here he was.
“Roger, you’re here!” I squealed. “What a surprise! When did you get in? How long will you be here?”
His reply was curt, crisp, devoid of emotion. “We can talk later, Wendy. Why don’t you introduce your friend?”
Uh-oh.
“Roger, this is, uh, my neighbor, Gary Slade. He’s a pilot. We just got back from Jackson Hole. We thought we’d only be gone one day, but it ended up being two and a half. I’ll explain later,” I gushed and giggled nervously.
The two of them sized each other up and shook hands warily. Roger seemed calm, but I knew he was anything but. That telltale vein on the left side of his neck was throbbing, and that only happened when he was really upset. He frowned and managed a brusque, “Nice to meet you.” In a weird, faux-civil tone, he went on, aiming his comments at Gary.
“I’ve heard a lot about you, but not from Wendy, from your girlfriend, Paula. The other night she called me in Houston from L.A. She was pretty upset. She said you took off for Wyoming with Wendy. Since she’s the one you’re dating, she couldn’t understand why. Frankly, I don’t understand it either. So I thought I’d come up here to get some answers.”
I grimaced. Where was this going?
“Wait a minute, Paula called you from L.A. to tell you Wendy was in Jackson with me?” Gary cut in, an edge of irritation icing his normally mellow tone.
“Yeah, that’s right.”
“Well, I’m sorry if you, or she, got the wrong idea about what’s going on here,” Gary replied awkwardly, defensively.
“What exactly is going on here?” Roger shot back with a menacing glare. He looked pale. Must be the long workdays, I thought. Then I noticed the dark circles under his eyes.
A tense silence engulfed the three of us. Roger’s face was taut with anger. My God, I thought, this could end up being the biggest implosion in Vegas since the Desert Inn went down in 2001. I was getting scared. It had been an eventful few days, and I couldn’t handle the spectacle of a fistfight in the Villa lobby right now.
“Roger, Gary, get a grip. Both of you just stop!” I cried, my arms flailing wildly as I stepped between them. They glared at each other, then at me. A tense standoff ensued that seemed to last an eternity. Then they both backed off, thank God. I took a deep breath.
“Gary, thanks for a great trip,” I said, patting him on the arm reassuringly while trying to sound calm and normal. “I know you have a lot to do, so I’ll see you later. Roger come on, my apartment’s this way. I’ll make you some coffee. You look tired. Let’s go upstairs.”
“The trip was cool. Glad you came along. See you later, Wendy,” Gary called over his shoulder as he scooted into an elevator.
A few minutes later, after gathering his carry-on and my totes, Roger and I rode the lift to the 5th floor. The encounter with Gary had left him tense and overwrought. The sense of misery and doom emanating from him was palpable, and quickly overwhelmed me.
In icy silence, we trudged down the hall to my flat. The minute we were inside, he grabbed my wrist and yanked me towards him.
“Who is that guy? What the hell’s going on with you two? You tell me everything right now, dammit!”
“Nothing’s going on with us!” I hissed, tearing my arm away. “We didn’t plan the trip. It just happened.”
“That’s ridiculous. How can a three-day trip to Jackson Hole just happen?”
“Gary’s the private pilot for Posse, the rock band that plays at Luxor on weekends,” I tried to explain. “I’ve known him a few months. We work out together sometimes.”
Oh God, I thought, was I digging myself in even deeper? What’s running through his mind now? The image of us rolling around on a yoga mat on the steam room floor?
“On Wednesday morning, I ran into him in the produce department at Albertson’s. He said he was flying out there to pick up Posse’s manager, and asked if I wanted to go along. At first I said no, but then I ran into him again in the parking lot and changed my mind. I had a couple of days off, and I’d never been to Jackson. It was only supposed to be a one-day trip. I’d never been up in a private plane either. It sounded like fun. But when we got there, we found out the guy couldn’t leave for two days because he had more meetings, so we ended up staying in a hotel, in separate rooms, of course, for two nights.”
Roger was totally unhinged, livid. His face turned a few shades of crimson as he barked, “The guy picked you up in a grocery store and you ran off with him, just like that? There’s got to be more to it. How well do you know him?”
“Not very,” I answered innocently. “His apartment’s upstairs on 7. We work out in the gym sometimes, like I said, and we’ve had breakfast a few times. It’s no big deal.”
Shaking his head, Roger took a deep breath and resumed the grilling.
“Paula said you got stuck in an elevator with him a few months ago. How ‘bout that? Sounds pretty cozy. I guess it was just a coincidence that it was the same guy? That’s hard to believe. What happened?”
“Yeah, he must’ve told Paula, or maybe Paige did. It was just your basic mechanical breakdown. We got stuck between floors for a half-hour one day. You know my lousy luck with elevators, and they’re really bad here. Remember that time we got stuck for two hours in an inclinator at Luxor? We were both starving, and all I had in my purse were a few stale Gummy Bears. And then in Paris, when I missed a whole afternoon of fashion shows because I was trapped in an old lift at the George V? Anyway, he was really helpful. Thank God he was there.”
Mercifully, the phone rang. I thought it might be Gary, but it was Paige, who wanted to say a quick hello and let me know the Villa’s water supply had just been cut off because a construction crew had accidentally severed the complex’s main pipe.
“Oh well,” I said to Roger with a shrug, “there’s no water, so I guess we won’t be having coffee here.” He rolled his eyes and, without skipping a beat, resumed the interrogation. “Why haven’t you mentioned the pilot, or elevator thing, before?”
“I just didn’t think it was important,” I replied, throwing my hands up. “You know, dear, things between us have been a bit, uh, chilly lately. That happened way back in July. I think we were down to two e-mails a week by then. That’s not much of a marriage, is it? I could sense how angry you were, so why would I tell you something like that? I’m sure there are things you haven’t told me, right?
“Anyway, it’s no big deal. Gary and I are neighbors who happen to be friends. That’s all. Paula’s been having an affair with him for months. And in Jackson he was with another girl, the assistant of the guy we picked up.”
I thought for sure that would cool Roger off, but he only seemed to get more steamed and agitated, as if he’d descended into some kind of lurid sex circus beyond his comprehension. Before he could fire another question, I leapt in.
“Enough already about Gary. I’m glad you’re finally here. Let’s make the most of this time and have some fun. After all, this is Vegas. Give it a chance, unwind, loosen up. I haven’t seen you since May. I can’t believe we’re finally together!”
I reached for him, but he backed away.
“Wendy, I’ve had it up to here with this Vegas crap,” he lashed out. “I want you to start packing right now and come home with me. This has gone on long enough. What the hell are you doing living in this fleabag halfway house filled with transients, the misbegotten, and a boatload of misfits on their way down? I sat in your lobby for two hours and got a good look at some of the scum crawling around here. And those weirdo managers and midgets putting up the trashy Christmas things. Do you really want to be part of their warped, sicko world?
“Come on, it’s time for us to go home and get the house, and our lives, in order. Everything’s chaotic and up in the air with you here. My life’s on hold till you come back. I can’t move forward, backward, or any other way. I’m stalled indefinitely till you get your act together and come home.”
Like a limp rag doll with the stuffing knocked out, I crumpled onto the couch while he thundered on.
“Why did we get married if we’re going to live in different cities? Tell me. Why did we get married if you can’t go to something like the Wiggin Ball with me, and I end up taking Lisa, and it gets splashed all over the society pages and you see it on the Internet and throw a jealous tantrum? What the hell do you expect me to do?
“Meanwhile, you’re flying off to Wyoming with some pilot you ran into at the vegetable bin. And I’m supposed to accept that with no questions asked. Does that sound fair? No. I’ve had enough. Come on, I’ll help you pack so we can clear out of here. This marriage is not going to become collateral damage in your midlife crisis.”
“Collateral damage in what midlife crisis?” I asked, jumping off the couch and getting in his face. “I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. There’s nothing wrong with me. What part of I’m not having a midlife crisis don’t you understand?
“News flash,” I hollered on, “I’m not leaving Vegas, honey, today, tomorrow, or anytime soon. I can’t. I’ve wanted to be a designer all my life, and I finally get this chance to make 1,000 uniforms for an entire casino of cocktailers in a major market. I’d be crazy to walk away.
“It may sound trivial to you, but it’s a huge opportunity for me. I’m in showbiz now, big time. Get used to it. The casino believes in my talent. My boss thinks the dresses are going to be fabulous. I’ve signed a contract, plus I’m still onstage a couple of nights a week in this Ann-Margret gig.”
“I know all about your jobs.” Roger shouted, grabbing my arm and pulling me towards him. “Quit both of them! You can do better in Houston. I’ll buy you out of the contract. Come on, we’re newlyweds, for Chrissakes! You’ve been here six months. That’s long enough.
“Do you really want to live in a town where the mayor was a defense lawyer for the Mob, and half the people on the street look like they’re out on bail, or day passes? Do you really want to live in a city with the highest suicide rate in the country? And why do you think that is? Maybe it’s because most people can’t find happiness in a town where pole-dancing, Carrot Top, and building implosions are considered art forms. Maybe people need more than that to get them up in the morning and keep them going. No wonder everyone’s depressed in this putrid desert hellhole!”
Staring into my husband’s eyes, I was stunned by how serious, and desperate, he was.
“Come home with me,” he pleaded, reaching for my hand. “Wendy, you don’t belong here. You’re just mixed up. Call it a midlife crisis, or maybe it’s some screwy phase you’re going through because you lost your job. It doesn’t matter. We can fly home today and start over. I called Trans West while I was waiting. We can still get on the 3 o’clock flight this afternoon, or the 10 o’clock tomorrow morning.”
“What part of I’m not leaving Vegas don’t you understand?” I yelled, stomping my foot. “I don’t give a damn about pole-dancing, Carrot Top, or building implosions! And I couldn’t care less about the suicide rate, the mental stability of the locals, or how many Mob kingpins the mayor defended. I’m not leaving till those uniforms are finished and on the back of every cocktail waitress at Petticoat Palace. No way! I’m not going to Houston, or anywhere, until those dresses are finished. I can’t do it. I won’t do it!”
We were circling about the flat by then, eyeing each other like caged animals. Every minute, the noise level ratcheted up. Could the flimsy walls of the Villa withstand our yelling? Surely, the out-of-work belly-dancer and lion tamer next door would be pounding on my door any minute, demanding that we tone it down. How much worse could it get?
Roger bellowed, “Do you still want to be married to me?”
“Yes,” I wailed, “but I also want to stay here and keep doing what I’m doing. Does that make sense?”
He shook his head. “No, it doesn’t. Married couples are supposed to be together, to wake up together, go to sleep together, have dinner together, go to parties together, face challenges and solve problems together. Married couples are supposed to be there for each other in the same city, the same house, the same bed, to support each other. Married couples are supposed to want that kind of closeness, not run from it like you.”
“Roger, don’t try to psychoanalyze me,” I snapped. “Who the hell do you think you are, the perfect husband? I agree with everything you just said. But you left out one important thing: Married couples are supposed to put each other first. Not their boss or their boss’s wife, and not their job. You put Magnolia Crescent, Dan, and Clare before me, so it’s only fair that I should be able to focus on my career. It just happens to be in a different city, and that city’s Las Vegas. That’s the way it is. Why can’t you understand what I want the way you expect me to understand what you want?”
“Because what you want is too damn much!” he raged. “Living in separate cities is unconventional, it’s unnatural, and goes against the grain of everything I believe about marriage.”
“Oh stop.” I shot back. “Don’t you realize we’re right on trend? Plenty of high-profile celebrity couples live in different cities or on opposite coasts. It’s very glamorous, a new lifestyle option. Couples living in separate cities so they can pursue their own goals and careers. Dr. Phil and Oprah have both done shows on it. It’s very millennial. Trendy chic. Lots of people have done it successfully for years.”
“Wendy, you’re delusional!” he sneered with a bitter laugh. “I don’t want to be ‘on trend’. That’s ludicrous! What have you been reading in the check-out line lately? People Magazine? The Star? The National Enquirer? Or do you even do boring things like grocery shop here? Oh yeah, I guess you do. Gary what’s-his-face picked you up in the vegetable bin, and you ran off to Jackson with him.”
“Roger, go to hell!” I screamed, throwing my hands up. “I told you what happened with Gary, and I don’t care if you believe me or not. I’m not giving up on our marriage, but for the moment I’m staying here. I love both my jobs, and I love living in this town. The excitement, the lack of restrictions, the anything-goes attitude.
“I love the fact that you can come here, catch a break, and nobody thinks anything of it. There isn’t a lot of red tape. There isn’t a lot of analysis or thought. You can be a total loser in your hometown, come here, get a good job in a casino, or at an ad agency or magazine, and totally reinvent yourself.
“And things happen fast here,” I steamrolled on, “but people don’t question or analyze it to death. I want that right now, the freedom to take risks, find new creative challenges. I find it refreshing after all those years of being in a corporate straitjacket. Can’t you understand?”
“No, I can’t,” he fired back. “You loved your job at Panache, and you can find another one you’ll love just as much in Houston. It’s been so awkward, trying to explain to everyone that you’d rather be here designing barmaid dresses and doing some cheesy Ann-Margret act than be with me. And we’re newlyweds! How do you think that sounds?”
“Who cares? It’s none of their business,” I snapped.
“I don’t agree. Dan and Clare are my friends. They care about me. We all have a lot at stake with Magnolia Crescent, so it is their business.”
“Oh Roger, please. How much longer can this endless arguing go on? Haven’t we gone over all this before? I’m exhausted. I’ve been up since 5. Can’t we just have a little peace and quiet? Can’t we just have a few hours, or even minutes, without fighting? Maybe we can go across the street for tea or something, then come back here and take a nap? Are you staying for the weekend or not?”
Sighing, Roger shook his head and sank onto the sofa.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do, Wendy. I just don’t know,” he groaned, running his hands through his thick, dark hair, which was looking a little grayer these days. “I was hoping to talk you into coming home, but if you won’t do it, if it’s totally out of the question, then I guess I’ll stay…today and tomorrow. But I need to get back on Sunday for dinner at Dan and Clare’s,” his voice trailed off. “Some of the construction bosses are coming. They’re getting restless, you know. We need to get them up to speed on what’s happening with the zoning stuff.”
“Okay, sure, whatever,” I replied, rolling my eyes and nodding mechanically.

***** Chapter 15 *****
“Hi ‘hon, who’s your new fella?”
After Roger and I agreed to a cease-fire, we freshened up and walked across the street to Come and Get It, parking ourselves in the same yellow vinyl booth I normally shared with Gary. When Peggy saw me, she rushed over with C-cups of loaded-dice-spice tea and greeted me warmly.
“Hi ‘hon, who’s your new fella? Gary’s gonna be jealous!” she trilled in that folksy, singsong voice of hers. “Where is that big spender, anyway? Haven’t seen him in days.”
I was mortified and turned a couple of shades of crimson. This was the last thing I needed. Why couldn’t the earth just open up and swallow me right then and there? I loved Peggy, I really did. But sometimes I wondered if she had an ounce of tact in her big-boned body.
Roger frowned and eyed me suspiciously. I knew I never should have brought him here. But we were both too tired to deal with Vegas traffic, and who knew when the water would flow again at the Villa?
“Peggy,” I chimed, smiling faintly, “thanks for the tea, but please bring a double-D of French Roast. This is my husband, Roger, a coffee drinker. He’s visiting from Houston for the weekend. Gary’s been away a few days, but he’s back now, so I’m sure you’ll be seeing him soon.”
Now it was Peggy’s pale skin that turned beet red. It wasn’t easy to embarrass this Oklahoman with the sensibilities of a Mack Truck. But she quickly recovered, chortled nervously, and piped up, “Sorry ‘hon, I didn’t even know you were hitched. Okay, whatever. I’ll get that double D of java right out. This one’s on the house. You two just holler when you’re ready to order.”
Staring at me, Roger bristled, “What’s a double D?” When I explained that the hot drink sizes here were modeled after bra-cups, he rolled his eyes. Peggy brought the coffee in a jiffy. Beside it, she plopped a plastic, breast-shaped creamer with a dark pink nipple spout. It was a little awkward, but I explained to Roger that such iconic objects were common in Vegas, a city that worships bad taste and irreverence above all else. It was useless. In his present state, the charm of this harmless little piece of kitsch was totally lost on him.
Roger was sullen and morose as he picked at a royal-flush omelet with hash browns. I valiantly struggled to make conversation as I nibbled a banana-nut muffin and sipped my tea.
The rest of that weekend was filled with tension. You could have cut it with a craps stick. We argued when I told him I had to go to the casino for a few hours that afternoon, and again on Saturday, to take uniform measurements that were needed at the factory first thing Monday. And on both days, I was scheduled to perform with Elvis in Stardealer shows at 10 PM and 1 AM.
While I worked, Roger fumed that we weren’t spending any “quality time” (his charming euphemism for sex) together. But of course, I had no idea he was coming, so I hadn’t changed my work schedule. Plus, there was so much anger and bitterness between us that sex was the last thing on my mind. What the hell did he think this was, a conjugal visit at Folsom? At that point, the two of us had been married ten months, and I felt like a forty-five-year-old born-again virgin.
I couldn’t decide whether or not I should invite Roger to see the act. When I finally went ahead and asked him, he promptly refused, explaining that he didn’t want to watch me “demean” myself. Instead, he remained shuttered at the Villa, sulking, answering e-mails, and working on building plans. In short, doing his best to make himself miserable.
Of course, I was pretty unhappy, too. At the casino, I found myself endlessly haunted by images of what could go wrong back at the apartment. What if one of those big black bugs darted out from under the dishwasher? What if the Marauding Munchkins decided to practice their juggling act on the fifth floor and started bouncing bowling pins off my door? Or had one of the Hot Babes Delivered Direct to You sent special delivery to Roger? Their idea of fun on a slow night.
I also worried about the TV cable going down, or a loud party breaking out in the flight-crew apartment upstairs. And what if Roger wandered back over to Come and Get It for a cup of coffee and ended up getting an earful from Peggy about Gary and me?
I was wracked with anxiety that whole weekend. My life seemed so chaotic and confusing. By day, I was designing chic, innovative cocktail-waitress uniforms. By night, I was riding a Harley through a crowded casino and singing and schmoozing onstage with Elvis. In between, I was trying to cope with an angry, sullen husband.
Every moment of that weekend reeked of stress. And being in Sin City only inflamed things because Roger, who had always been lukewarm about the place, now hated it. When I schlepped in from work at 3 AM on Sunday, I was exhausted and in no mood for a fight. But he was wide awake and loaded for bear. Before I could even get my coat off, he launched into a bitter tirade about Vegas, ranting that it was full of “crass, annoying people who love to flaunt their narcissism.”
“Oh, I guess you met some of the neighbors?” I cracked.
Ignoring my lame attempt at humor, he fired off a barrage of gripes about my apartment. It was cramped. The shower ran out of hot water after five minutes. Flamingo Road was loud and dirty. The parties around the pool were raucous. Two burners on my stove were broken. And the light bulb in my fridge was out.
But wait, there was more. The tap water was atrocious. Noisy planes were descending into McCarran 24/7. My mattress was too hard. The sofa was too soft. And the Marauding Munchkins were taking over the building.
“Goddamn freak show!” he fumed.
“At least there are no chameleons,” I shot back.
Mistake! That only opened another floodgate of fighting over the creepy, green, mini-reptiles slithering around the walls of our bedroom in Houston. Roger bellowed that Rusty, from Pest Patrol, still couldn’t figure out how the slimy critters were getting in. I shouted, “You’re a brilliant architect with a degree from Northwestern. Can’t you figure it out yourself, or dump Rusty and find another exterminator?” He yelled that if I was so damn worried about the lizard problem, I should come home and take care of it myself. Would you believe we were having this absurd scream fest at 4 am?
At one point, Roger got so upset he suggested we pack overnight bags and spend the rest of the weekend at Luxor, his favorite Sin City hotel. Oh God, I thought, what good would that do? We’d probably end up at King Tut’s tomb – the only Vegas attraction he actually liked, aside from the Atomic Testing Museum – and I couldn’t take that again. Don’t get me wrong: The tomb was glitzy enough, with more gold and gems than Paula had stashed in her Long Beach storage locker. But still, it was so scientific and somber, so British-Museum-y. Did we really need that right now? Wasn’t our marriage enough of a tomb?
On Sunday morning, we suffered through a final gloomy breakfast at Come and Get It. I attempted to make polite small talk as we put away our deuces wild plates, washed down with double-Ds. Though I was wiped out from a night of heavy marital combat, I tried to keep the mood light and draw Roger into my world by recounting some of the earthier comments I’d gleaned from cocktailers I’d measured over the weekend.
A bright-eyed, twenty-something red-head from Chattanooga named Coney, for instance, made me chuckle when she asked me to keep the bust measurement on her uniform open because her husband had promised her implants for Christmas, and she didn’t know how big she was going to go. “The sky’s the limit!” she gushed. Can you imagine, I asked Roger, a breast-augmentation gift certificate for Christmas? His idea or hers, I wondered? What were they going to do, sip eggnog with the anesthesiologist, toss tinsel around the operating room, and place red and green bows on her enhanced boobs in the recovery room? Whatever happened to a good old pair of slippers and a nice robe?
I told Roger that the idea of an enhanced bustline for Christmas seemed “very Vegas” to me, and that chatting with Coney cracked me up because it was the kind of uninhibited exchange I never would have had at Panache. I found her candor and enthusiasm a bit unnerving, but also refreshing.
For a second he seemed amused, then he rolled his eyes, shook his head and got back on point.
“I don’t know how you stand it here in Narcissism Central. No other city in the world objectifies women as much, and seems so proud of it. This whole town reeks of inauthenticity. Everything is fake. The buildings are façades or reproductions. Most of them are as disposable as movie sets in Hollywood. The breasts are silicone or saline. The entertainers are impersonators. Even the marriages are a sham. Vegas is an endless pit of illusions, cheap fakes, and trumped-up imitations, most of them stolen.”
I tried to get a word in, to refute what he was saying, but he blew me off and bulldozed on. “Nothing is real here. Everything: body parts, architecture, talent, has been ripped off from something, somewhere, or someone else. That’s okay for a few days or a week, but why would you want to wallow in it for months or years? Maybe you don’t notice the fakery anymore because you’re becoming part of it? Incapable of real thought or emotion, unwilling to live up to your responsibilities and commitments.”
He stopped for a second to gulp some coffee. I opened my mouth to speak, but he cut me off.
“I know you’re excited about this design stuff,” he went on in a patronizing tone, “but frankly you’re wasting your time and talent on that place. It’s one notch above a Hooters. You can’t possibly compare Petticoat Palace to Panache. Now, that was a class act, the gold standard in retail, respected by everyone from Paris to the Palisades. This casino of yours is a crude, overblown saloon filled with drunks, degenerates and dysfunctionals.”
“Roger!” I cried, pounding my fist on the table. “That’s rude and wrong! You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. I’m thrilled with my design work, the freedom they’ve given me to create. It’s a second act for me. Remember F. Scott Fitzgerald’s line, ‘There are no second acts in American lives?’ Well, apparently, he never spent any time on the Strip. There are plenty of second acts around here, and I’m in the middle of mine. That’s what makes Vegas…Vegas.”
“Wendy, you’re delusional,” he sneered. “From what I’ve seen, there are far more has-beens than second acts.”
“Oh really? Well, which one am I? Go ahead, tell me,” I demanded, getting in his face.
A wall of silence came crashing down. He wouldn’t answer. The bastard wouldn’t give me any credit. I looked at him icily and hissed, “Maybe Fitzgerald should have said, There are no second acts in American marriages?”
He frowned and shrugged. “From what I’ve heard about his marriage, that’s probably an accurate assessment,” he said coolly. “But don’t quote me on that, I’ve never been much of a Fitzgerald fan.”
I sighed wearily, as an awkward silence engulfed us.
“So what time did you say your flight was?” I finally asked, rolling my eyes and checking my watch. “Maybe it would have been better if you’d left on Friday, or better still, hadn’t come at all. It’s obvious you hate it here because I’m happy and want to stay. So you made the whole weekend hell for both of us. I had to work, and instead of being helpful and supportive, you sulked, complained nonstop, and made my life miserable. Please do me a favor, and don’t come back here unless you can be pleasant and positive.”
“Wendy, believe me, I wish I didn’t have to come back here at all. I wish you were leaving with me today.”
As Peggy approached with refills, we both made an effort to present smiling facades. Why, I have no idea. I’m sure the old girl saw right through it. While she poured, I glanced around the diner, desperately seeking diversion. Across the room, I spotted Gary and Darcy, ensconced in a cozy corner booth. What a welcome sight. He seemed energized and upbeat. She looked radiant and chic in a jade green top and jeans. Both of them seemed blissfully happy, in perpetual afterglow. From another world, they waved. The ultimate “before-marriage-and-disillusionment-have-set-in” shot, with Roger and me representing the “after.”
Peggy was endlessly amused to be waiting on Roger and me in one booth, and Gary and Darcy in another. I guess it added some spice to her day. At one point, Gary sent her over with complimentary 7-card-stud muffins, my favorite. When I looked over at him, he grinned and gave me a double thumbs-up. I laughed and waved. Roger just glared.
The awful weekend mercifully came to an end that afternoon when Roger took a cab to the airport. He wasn’t the only one leaving town. After breakfast, Gary and Darcy picked Dax up at Luxor, and the three of them flew back to L.A. on the Posse jet. I felt a little wistful, envious even, as I thought of them winging their way westward.
My farewell scene with Roger was icy and strained. A tense ending to a stormy visit, with arguments continuously raging about whether or not I would return to Houston, conditions at my apartment, my work schedule, my friendship with Gary, and Roger’s with Lisa. Elvis’s “Suspicious Minds” was fast becoming our song. Or was it “Eve Of Destruction” by Barry McGuire?
Our two-and-a-half days were such a disaster that when Roger said goodbye, I half-expected him to ask for a legal separation. In fact, I half-expected to ask for one myself. But for some strange reason, neither one of us made a move. To this day, I have no idea why. Maybe we were both too drained and demoralized from all the fighting. Maybe we both sensed that we had hit bottom, and things could only get better from here. Maybe we both still remembered our happy years together and didn’t want to throw it all away just yet. Or maybe we were both still stubbornly clinging to the remote, ever elusive possibility of Happily Ever After.

***** Chapter 16 *****
“Joe Cocker Said It Best”
Bright and early on Monday, as I was leaving for Desert Dolls, Bud called from the lobby to say some flowers had been delivered for me. I assumed right off they were a peace offering from Roger after The Weekend from Hell. This better be good, I thought. No run-of-the-mill dozen red roses will do after all he put me through the past few days.
The festive green straw basket steered through my door by Bud was crammed with bunches of wildflowers in lush, vibrant hues. My frozen heart started to thaw. There were thick clumps of Indian paintbrush, bright red poppies, delicate prairie roses, Queen Anne’s Lace, tiger lilies, and Shasta daisies. As I ripped open the card, I felt lighthearted. It read,
“Dinner last week was delightful, Jackson Hole never lovelier. Joe Cocker said it best: ‘You Are So Beautiful.’ I’ll be in touch, Dax.”
What a shocker! Of course, I was disappointed they weren’t a gesture of contrition from rigid Roger, but thrilled and flattered that I’d made such an impression on Dax. During the awful Roger weekend, I must confess I thought about him, how funny, unconventional, and nice he seemed. He was an attractive, sophisticated, highly entertaining guy. Never a dull moment. I couldn’t help wondering if he brought all that to the table as a lover? Was he as amusing and accommodating in bed as he was out?
Not that I was fantasizing about the guy or anything. But I was hoping to see him again. I didn’t know how, or when, or where, but I wanted to. Maybe he felt the same way? As I gazed at that dazzling assortment of tender blooms, I couldn’t help wondering if the Music Man was smitten with me. Or was he simply impulsive, with too much time on his hands and too much money to throw around on frivolous expenses? Who knew with Dax? He seemed so mysterious, complicated, and unpredictable.
A few days later, I dropped by Paige’s for tea and an update on the Gary-Paula saga. She told me that while he was in L.A., Gary had called Paula from the Beverly Hilton and confronted her about phoning Roger in Houston to report that he was in Jackson with me. Gary accused Paula of trying to stir up trouble in my marriage and scheming to break up the friendship between him and me.
As I listened to Paige, I wanted to burst out laughing. It seemed ludicrous that Gary and Paula were fighting over me. Shouldn’t they have been discussing Darcy? After all, she was the one he was sleeping with. But of course, Paula knew nothing about Darcy. And Gary wasn’t about to tell her. What happens in Jackson Hole stays in Jackson Hole, right? So I was the one they were arguing about.
When Gary demanded to know how Paula found out we were in Jackson, Paula told him that Serena’s boyfriend, Daryl, drummer for Posse, had mentioned it to Serena. Then Serena told Paige, and Paige called Paula. Feeling irate and threatened, Paula immediately called Roger to make him jealous and spur him into coming to Vegas to confront me, and, hopefully, hustle me out of town. That was the plan. She must have thought I’d be intimidated enough to slink back to Houston with my tail between my legs.
Wrong! Paula’s devious scheme ended up backfiring big time. Yes, a jealous, angry Roger rushed to Vegas, but I didn’t leave with him. And from what Paige said, Gary was so outraged by Paula’s behavior that he called her a manipulative bitch. She went ballistic and demanded that he end his friendship with me if he wanted to have a relationship with her. He told her to not tell him what to do, and that these kinds of games were the reason he avoided serious involvements with women. Then Paula told him that if he felt that way, maybe they shouldn’t be seeing each other. He agreed, and they left it at that. A nasty breakup, cellphone style.
So, what’s a girl to do? If you’re Paula, you shop. Paige reported that the poor thing was so devastated she instantly logged onto eBay and went on a buying frenzy, grabbing up a Calvin Klein suit, a Michael Kors bag, a Ralph Lauren dress, a Versace leather jacket, and three pairs of Via Spiga Italian leather boots. Then, to further numb the pain, she devoured an entire box of stale chocolates left over from last Valentine’s Day.
A couple of days after I saw Paige, a still-livid Paula called me in Vegas to blame me for the breakup. I was stunned—and furious.
“Shouldn’t I be the one who’s pissed?” I demanded. “After all, you called my husband to tell him I was in Jackson with your boyfriend and made it sound like we were on some kind of romantic mountain getaway!”
“I was only trying to get you and Roger back together,” she tried to explain.
“Back together?” I shot back. “Oh come on, is the word STUPID written across my forehead? You weren’t thinking about Roger and me. You were only thinking of yourself. You don’t give a damn about my marriage. You were just trying to make Roger mad enough to come to Vegas and demand that I go back with him, so you could get me away from Gary. You’ve always been threatened by our friendship.
“You must have gone into a jealous meltdown when you heard I was in Jackson with him.” I raged. “You even told Roger about that stupid elevator incident. You were trying to manipulate everyone to get what you want.”
“Well, for what it’s worth,” she wailed, cutting me off, “I didn’t get what I wanted. Gary and I broke up. So if you want him, go for it. He’s all yours!”
For an instant, I thought of telling her about Darcy, just to hurt her and show her how wrong she was. But I knew that would only cause problems between Gary and me, and I didn’t want that. We were still friends and neighbors, so I stayed mum. But I did let her know just how ridiculous the idea of a romance between me and the playboy-pilot was.
“I don’t want him!” I cried. “He’s nothing but a go-to guy for hot sex for every barmaid, flight attendant, and showgirl in Vegas. Both of you need to go into sex rehab.
“The man isn’t capable of being faithful. His idea of a long-term relationship is watching the same pole dancer two nights in a row. He’s shallow and sex-crazed,” I barreled on. “But then again, so are you. To you, men are accessories, like Birkin bags or Jimmy Choo shoes. Besides, I’m married, remember? I haven’t been unfaithful to Roger with Gary, or anyone else, believe it or not.”
“Well, I don’t believe it!” she snarled. “You say you’re married, but what kind of marriage is it? You went through a five-minute ceremony in some tacky roadside chapel, and took off for a month-long honeymoon in London. Then you left Roger in Houston because of a fight about a dinner party gone wrong, and lousy sex. Something like that, or was it the lizards in the bedroom and the bitchy bosses’ wives? Talk about shallow! You crapped out on your own marriage. How much longer will you wallow in self-pity over your pissy little problems?”
She stopped for a second to catch her breath, then bulldozed on.
“If you really wanted to be married to Roger, you’d be in Houston right now looking for a good sex coach and taking pole-dancing classes, not designing barmaid get-ups and doing some tacky Ann-Margret act in a stinky, overblown barn of a casino.”
The gloves were so off!
“Paula, who the hell are you to attack my marriage?” I bellowed. “Maybe you’re the one who needs a sex coach. And a life coach. And a shrink. A Ph.D. in pole-dancing didn’t save your three marriages, did it? Your first husband popped more uppers and downers than Elvis, and was terminally impotent. Your second was a sex addict who had sex with one of your bridesmaids at your reception, and proceeded to sleep with every friend you had till the day you got divorced. And your third was so desperate to get away from you, he blew tens of thousands of dollars gambling in Vegas every weekend. Your own dog tried to commit suicide. I don’t need marital advice from you, of all people!”
“You vile bitch!” she shrieked. “How dare you trash my husbands! They were all nice guys. Yeah, sure, they had some problems, but no one’s perfect. Not even you or boring limp-dick Roger. Things didn’t work out, but it wasn’t my fault. Lots of people split every day. It’s no big deal. I told you Keno’s overdose was an accident. He’s a dog, you stupid idiot. He didn’t want to die. The pills fell, he scarfed them down and got sick. He wasn’t trying to kill himself.”
I was about to fire another insult when I heard a loud click. The line went dead.
A dark, empty space filled with pain and rage opened up inside me. I wanted to cry, scream, kick something. Why was this happening to me? I liked Paula, I really did. But she could be such a crass, vindictive, foul-mouthed bitch. Yeah, sure, most of the time she was a good-time gal: smart, outrageous, glamorous, and fun to be with. But there was this dark, destructive side to her that was jealous, insecure, paranoid, and manipulative. We’d known each other seven years, and most of the time things were fine, but at some point we’d morphed into toxic frenemies.
It probably started when she got involved with Gary, and I moved into the Villa. That’s when she started putting me in the middle, constantly trying to pry stuff out of me about where he was, what he was doing, who he was with. And she kept accusing me of being interested in him. I was, of course, but I wasn’t going to do anything about it. There were so many other women he was actually having sex with. Why focus on me, a friend, a neighbor, a workout partner? What about all the Darcys out there? The ones he slept with at his convenience – when he was in that town, that casino, that neighborhood, that mood?
I couldn’t blame Paula for being jealous, but it was pointless. I wasn’t her real threat. No woman would ever have Gary’s total attention, or loyalty, so why get so upset about him? Why not just enjoy him for what he was? An attractive, sexy, casual guy to have fun with, in bed and out.
But of course, Paula would never see it that way. She pretended to be so detached, in control of her emotions, and invulnerable. But in reality, she was overly involved, out of control, and totally vulnerable. She just didn’t know it. Maybe that’s why she’d been married three times, shopped 24/7, and hooked up compulsively?
I was disgusted, totally fed up, with both Roger and Paula. Yes, I’d committed the heinous offense of flying off to Jackson Hole with Gary. But it really was a spur-of-the-moment thing that got extended for reasons beyond our control. And I didn’t sleep with him. Not even close. Not that I wouldn’t have enjoyed it, but that’s another story. The point is, it didn’t happen. Paula didn’t believe me. I don’t think Roger did either.
How had everything gotten so gnarled, confused, and downright ugly? Were things ever going to be right again between any of us?

***** Chapter 17 *****
Mission accomplished!
In the Villa parking garage, I hopped in my car on a cool, crisp December morning and sped over to Desert Dolls. Between meetings, I supervised fittings on mannequins and conducted durability tests on lace garters and nylon zippers. I was also trying to figure out the type of belt to be worn with the uniform’s plunging neckline, snug waist and short, full skirt. Should it be black leather – to match the high-heeled pumps – or the same fabric and hues as the dresses?
Another nagging detail crying out for my attention: the uniform’s slightly flared, elbow-length sleeves. Would they have a sleeker look and be less likely to rip if they had a zipper discreetly sewn into their underside? And should the dresses zip down the back or side? A side zip would create a slimmer line, but down the back would be easier and cheaper to mass-produce. All this might sound trivial, but after 25 years on the frontline of fashion retail, I knew these were the critical details that make all the difference in clothing design.
It was important to get all these issues nailed down pronto because the uniforms were set to make their debut in barely four months. But before the sewing process could begin, I needed Maxine’s final approval on the whole package.
We were meeting for lunch that day at one of her favorite spots, the Mojave Dragon, in Aladdin, to hash out this morning’s decisions and discuss any extra costs so we’d be on the same page regarding the budget. She had already approved the uniform colors back in October, when a sample dress in each shade – lavender, fuchsia pink, yellow, lime green, and turquoise – was fitted on a mannequin for her inspection. She loved the cut, colors, style, and signed off on everything. But that was before the extra touches I’d added today.
Nervous and excited, I arrived at the Dragon early, managed to snag Maxine’s favorite table, and ordered a pot of jasmine tea to calm me down. In my mind, I went over all the points I needed to make. I knew Maxine would be concerned about extra costs since we were already over budget, but I was hoping the debut would create enough buzz to draw hundreds of new players and bring a surge of revenue.
The raven-haired former showgirl finally hustled in, late and frazzled from the bumper-to-bumper traffic on Las Vegas Boulevard. The svelte, sixtyish former showgirl was overly dressed and made-up as usual in a black leather pants suit and a clingy, low-cut purple top that perfectly matched her plum eye shadow. (Pale, dark-haired Maxine was Goth before being Goth was cool.) I was decked out in wine-colored wool slacks, a pink cashmere sweater, and a dark, tapestry-print velvet jacket. Every time we got together, it was the same story. She was overly dolled up; I looked like a refugee from Corporate America.
As we wolfed down warm spring rolls and garlic noodles, I talked up the new frills and alluded to the extra costs. Barely five minutes in, Maxine frowned and reminded me that the budget could be stretched only so far. But I tried to convince her that all the little extras I was proposing would give us an edge, help us outshine the competition, and probably pay for themselves within months.
“I don’t know about all these fancy frills you’re throwin’ at me, hon,” she fretted, shaking her head. “The casino hasn’t made a dime in years. How do I get my boss, Hank, who did fifteen years’ hard time in penny slots at Circus Circus, to understand frou-frou girly-girl stuff like matching belts, sleeve zippers, and lace ruffles on plastic trays?”
I sighed and put my chopsticks down. This was going to be tougher than I’d thought.
“Don’t you see?” I said, leaning in, “the uniforms will transform your casino into a moving rainbow of color 24/7. With all the extras, our girls will project a sexier, more confident vibe that’s bound to pull in younger, hipper, wealthier customers who will drink more and play longer.”
That perked her up. Nodding, Maxine looked me in the eye and said, “You’ve got a point, doll. This town pulls in between seven and eight billion, ballpark, every year in gaming revenue. And over a hundred thousand people make their living from it. Anything we can do to up the ante works for me, and the suits upstairs too. Maybe these uniforms will do the trick. Give us an edge with the hip, younger crowd and keep the older ones coming back for more.”
I further sweetened the deal by announcing that Desert Dolls had agreed, at no extra cost, to guarantee five years’ worth of free alterations on all 1,000 uniforms. A generous offer, considering the perpetual merry-go-round of plastic surgeries, pregnancies, liposuctions, fanny tucks, and crash diets the cocktailers were on.
That put the sparkle back in Maxine’s baby blues. Smiling, she dropped her chopsticks and crowed, “Free alterations for five years? Now you’re talkin’, doll. That’s an offer I can’t refuse. As soon as I get back to the office, I’ll talk to Hank about more money to cover the extras. I’m sure he’ll come around. Then I’ll sign the paperwork to kick the sewing process in gear and fax it over to Desert Dolls. Don’t worry, ‘hon,” she burbled, “everything’s comin’ up roses for me and for you. Your dresses, trays, belts, and garters are gonna knock ‘em dead!”
Mission Accomplished! I was beaming. Production at Desert Dolls would go forward, with all the extras.
I was thrilled, so happy I wanted to jump up and hug Maxine, right then and there. Within months, my chic, innovative designs would be a reality. If all went well at the factory, the waitresses would be sashaying through the casino in their colorful new uniforms by April 2016, in time for the casino’s fortieth anniversary blowout.
By the end of lunch, as Maxine cracked open a slew of fortune cookies with her long, bordeaux-hued talons, she seemed so taken by my sales pitch that we were even discussing my creating dresses for the saloon-girl singers who perch atop the pianos in Petticoat’s vast saloon. When she asked for ideas, I threw out a few and promised to deliver detailed sketches in a couple of weeks. I was ecstatic at the prospect of another design job.

***** Chapter 18 *****
He knew I was married, so what was he hoping to accomplish?
By December 2016, my life in Vegas was rolling right along. Without talking to Roger – why get into another argument – I extended my rental agreement at the Villa another six months, through June 2016. I loved living in Vegas. It was exciting, fun, and curiously cozy. After seven months, I felt right at home. Vegas was more laid-back than L.A., quirkier than Denver, and looser than Houston. But it also had its share of negatives. It’s beastly hot and crowded in the summer. The high level of transiency creates ongoing instability, not to mention the unsavory criminal element always lurking about. It’s hard to find reputable doctors and dentists. And good luck tracking down a functioning mailbox. In dicier parts of the city, some of them even have warning signs against mailing things too far in advance because of theft.
The lack of bookstores, newspaper boxes, and highbrow culture is sometimes annoying. The tap water tastes awful. In winter, the town gets blasted with nasty wind and dust storms that make for some really bad hair days. And nobody ever accused Vegas of being the cleanest city in the world. The Strip always looks like it could use a good hosing down. Plus people drive like maniacs, pedestrians are toast, and the traffic never lets up.
But love it or leave it, it was all Vegas, and I was definitely loving it. One of the main reasons was Dax. The cute, quirky Music Man was still in my life. Every other week, like clockwork, he sent floral arrangements worthy of a Jubilee! showgirl’s opening night. I had no doubt these dazzling bouquets were being dispatched by equally dazzling girl Friday Darcy from L.A. And I’m sure it annoyed the hell out of her. I never knew what to expect next, a rustic basket overflowing with candy-colored wildflowers; a crystal vase stuffed with elegant, long-stemmed roses, or a ceramic bowl filled with sweet-smelling orchids.
The flowers always took my breath away. I was flattered, of course, but puzzled. I liked Dax and hoped we could be friends. But aside from the hours we’d spent together in Jackson, I didn’t really know him, and I couldn’t figure out why he was doing this. He knew I was married, so what was he hoping to accomplish? Maybe he was just lonely. Or eccentric, with money to burn. Maybe he was trying to get me into bed? Or maybe he was truly infatuated with me, and I was leading him on by accepting the deliveries? I didn’t know what to think. But the flowers were so pretty. Why analyze it to death?
All the while, hubby and I stayed in touch. It wasn’t much. Weekly e-mails and the occasional phone call, all businesslike and brief. We mostly discussed the inconsequential details of everyday life and household matters, but at least we were maintaining some semblance of communication. As far as I knew, we were still married. But how could either of us know for sure?
It was fast becoming just the appearance of a marriage. In any case, the long-distance arrangement seemed to be working for the moment, though we both knew we were just postponing the inevitable, i.e., a decision.
My first Christmas in Vegas sneaked up before I knew it. I briefly flirted with the idea of flying to Houston to be with Roger, and I’m sure he thought about coming to Vegas, but the memory of that awful weekend at my apartment was probably still too fresh.
As the big day approached, I sadly remembered the many festive holiday seasons we’d shared together in L.A. There were never enough hours in the day, and always too many parties. At these lavish events, the eggnog margaritas flowed like water, designer pizzas from Spago rained down from the heavens, and heaping trayfuls of ginger-butter-cream cupcakes from Sprinkles were hauled around by couture-clad elves The entertainment also rocked. Everything from Elton John in a green-sequined jumpsuit pounding a red piano, to Seal decking the halls in all-night jam sessions with Beyoncé.
Yeah, the holiday bashes in L.A. were off the charts, and so were the presents. Roger’s to me were incredibly thoughtful and beautiful: bracelets or necklaces in gold and gems that were designed by him and crafted by a master jeweler in Beverly Hills. I didn’t know if he’d send anything this year, but in mid-December I Fed-Exed a leather satchel to him for his papers and blueprints.
A few days later, a gold-and-peridot necklace arrived in an ornate little box with a sweet note saying the stones matched the color of my eyes. I was flattered he even remembered. At least we were making an effort.
The two of us had a pleasant enough chat on Christmas morning before he left for Dan and Clare’s. He explained that the three of them, plus Lisa of course, were planning to deliver a sleighful of toys, blankets, and warm clothes to children at the Wiggin Orphanage. A photographer from the Wiggin Crier would accompany them, and a photo spread, with a short feature, would run in tomorrow’s paper. As I listened, I couldn’t help wondering if this was a charitable yuletide gesture or a premeditated PR stunt? Knowing Clare, surely the latter.
After the orphanage photo-shoot, Roger would join the Lathams in their Post Oak mansion for a holiday feast with all the trimmings. I wondered if he and Lisa were getting cozy over the holidays. I suspected she’d like to exchange more than presents with him. A passionate kiss under the mistletoe, perhaps? Or maybe some body fluids?
As for me, I was invited to an all-day open house for Villa residents thrown by our managers, Bud and Connie, in their rambling ground floor apartment. Sort of a gathering for lonely hearts, transients, and the dispossessed, with a keno runner or two thrown in for the hell of it. How could I resist?
Connie had been decorating for weeks with tons of sparkly things she’d picked up at the 99¢ store across from Albertson’s on Flamingo. She not only went full throttle on the decorating, but also promised a gala holiday spread — turkey, ham and all the trimmings – that would put even Aladdin’s Spice Market Buffet to shame.
All of us went into starvation mode so we’d be ready, willing, and able to stuff ourselves silly. But then, out of the blue on Christmas morning, Connie vanished. It was a shocker to everyone but Gary, who brushed it off, explaining that the holiday season had probably unhinged this member of Gamblers Anonymous and thrown her into a gambling spree. He said the same thing had happened two years before, at Thanksgiving, when Connie abruptly ran off and lost half the rent money. A massive search involving half the Villa’s residents had been mounted and all the local hospitals checked, before Bud finally found her, commandeering a blackjack table at Tropicana at 4 am.
Despite his anxieties about Connie, Bud did his best to keep the mood light. Donning reindeer antlers and a jingle-bells apron, he plied us with eggnog and roasted chestnuts, regaled us with tales of childhood Christmases on the Strip, and kept us well fed and watered with provisions hastily summoned from Jackpot Harvest Gourmet, the premier catering outfit in town.
While a festive tape of the Rat Pack singing Christmas carols played in the background, Paige and Brian kissed under the mistletoe, Daryl and Serena hung a candy cane wreath on the front door, and Gary tucked a present for Connie under the tree. Meanwhile, we all gorged ourselves on High Roller Ham, No Limits Turkey, Caribbean Stud Stuffing, and Texas Hold ‘Em Sweet Potatoes.
Sharing in the yuletide festivities were a hodgepodge of playful flight attendants and pilots, a bevy of vending machine execs and slot salesmen, and a contingent of shapely showgirls and flirty cocktail waitresses. Also on hand were some scantily clad Beacher’s Babies (dancers at Beacher’s Madhouse in Hard Rock) and a trio of burly bouncers named Hubcap, Diesel, and Bruiser. Herman, the maintenance man, made a brief appearance in a roly-poly Santa suit, and, oh yeah, some Marauding Munchkins stopped by between holiday gigs at Beacher’s and Hogs & Heifers.
A tinsel-drenched version of Vegas riff-raff.
Riff-raff or not, they were real people. And I was happier spending my Christmas mingling with these misfits than grandstanding with Roger and the Lathams at some contrived photo-op at the Wiggin Orphanage.
Despite Bud’s best efforts, the mood in apartment 1-D remained glum. Our hostess was absent, missing, really. As a favor to Bud, Gary had raced from casino to casino that morning trying to find her. He’d checked out Caesar’s, Bally’s, Bellagio, Tropicana, and Monte Carlo, but no Connie. Bud rang up managers and pit bosses at other venues, but no one had seen her.
The open house careened on as best it could, fueled by a steady stream of eggnog and Bloody Marys dispensed from plastic Santa jugs. By mid-afternoon, we all needed a nap, or a little excitement. And we got it big time when Crazy Cosmo, a Greek slot salesman, caught Mini Mack, one of the Munchkins, canoodling in a bedroom with his flight-attendant girlfriend, Tammy. Cosmo went ballistic, called Tammy a “cheap slut,” and Mini Mack a “dumb dwarf.” Tempers flared. But before fists started flying, Bud told the three of them to clear out. It was sad to see him burdened with this kind of nonsense when he was already so upset about Connie.
Gary later told me she finally showed up at noon the next day after running out of money. She’d been on a gambling binge, playing blackjack at Harrah’s, craps at the Sahara, and poker at Flamingo. She wouldn’t say how much she’d lost, but Gary guesstimated around $4,000. None of it rent money, thank God. A shaken but relieved Bud was seen carting her off to a Gamblers Anonymous meeting later that day.
I enjoyed the holiday as best I could, but I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t tense. As I sipped eggnog and ate my way through a platter of gingerbread men, I wondered how many more Christmases I might be spending here at the Villa with Bud, Connie and the gang? Were Roger and I ever going to live together again, in Houston, L.A., Vegas, or anywhere, as husband and wife?
Yes, the big questions were out there, waiting to be answered. Until they were, matters like Christmas would remain secondary.
A few days later, I perked up when I got another unexpected delivery from Flower Power, this time a red, green and gold mosaic-tile vase filled with long-stemmed pink roses. Yep, Dax again. The card read, “Still in Big Apple but flying in on 31st. Can you have dinner? Would love to ring in 2016 w. you. Will call, Dax.”
Was this a romantic overture? What a high-stakes gambler this guy was. Pursuing a confused, sort-of married, sort-of separated, forty-six-year-old newlywed who’d taken off for a girls’ weekend in Vegas after three-and-a-half months of marriage and still hadn’t gone home.
A couple of days later, there was a follow-up message on my voicemail with another come-on, and more details about dinner. It sounded so simple and casual but, to tell you the truth, I felt nervous about the whole thing. After all, New Years Eve is traditionally a romantic time, and I still didn’t know what Dax’s intentions were. Friends or lovers?
To tell you the truth, I didn’t know what my intentions were. I’d successfully avoided a fling with Gary, and I didn’t want to end up in some messy predicament with this guy. Yeah, sure, I liked him and wanted to get to know him better, but in a friendly, platonic way. Could he accept this? Most guys, I feared, wouldn’t.
Despite my trepidations, I finally decided, why not? It was my first New Year’s Eve in Vegas, I had no plans, and I was sure the Music Man would be an amusing person to spend the evening with. So I left him a casual message that dinner on New Year’s Eve would be fine.
The next day he called and left word that he’d pick me up at 6:30, so we could make a 7:30 reservation at Picasso’s Terrace in Bellagio. That was it. We never actually spoke. It was all voicemail and flowers. I was beginning to think that was how Dax lived his life. All voicemail and flowers. Nice work if you can get it.
From that moment on, I found myself endlessly torn between guilt (Should I be doing this? Am I leading him on? Am I cheating on Roger?) and naive idealism (It’s just dinner. No big deal. We’re both adults. Why worry about it?). I must have picked up the phone ten times to cancel, but I never actually dialed his number.
Then December 31st was suddenly upon us. At 5 o’clock, as I was putting the finishing touches on an e-mail to Maxine, the phone rang. It was Dax. His flight had just landed at McCarran. The minute I heard his raspy, bedroomy-baritone-former-rocker-boy voice, I was a wreck. Was I actually going to go through with this?
I must have changed outfits six times before he got to my apartment. It was one of those nights. My black dress was too tight. My red dress made my butt look big. My gray dress was too blah. My teal-colored pantsuit, too businessy. My pink sweater with jeans, too casual. I finally settled on a modestly low-cut purple jacket with black velvet trim at the cuffs and collar and black velvet pants. Simple and tasteful, but not too sexy.

***** Chapter 19 *****
“What can you say about a town with ten pages of plastic surgeons in the phone book and two for shrinks?”
After dropping his bag at Luxor (Roger’s fave too, what a coincidence), Dax breezed into the Villa at 6:30 sharp. When I opened the door, I was somewhat taken aback. I hadn’t seen him in six weeks, and I didn’t remember him as quite this attractive. His black-hair-flecked-with-gray was cut in sexy layers that were artfully tousled; his alert, sky-blue eyes twinkled playfully behind dark-rimmed glasses. He was casually dressed in black jeans, a pale blue cashmere sweater, and an Easy-Rider black leather jacket. An appealingly louche, London-in-the-Sixties look. English Leather meets the Dave Clark Five at the corner of Carnaby and Oxford.
We were both a bit shy and awkward, but excited. I offered him a glass of Chablis. He smiled when he saw the pink roses and kissed me properly on the cheek. I caught a seductive whiff of mingled leather and cologne that went right to the pit of my stomach. Oh my God, I thought, send in the clowns, I’m in trouble here!
I’d never been to Picasso, one of the more expensive gourmet bastions on the Strip, and its beauty stopped me in my tracks. The eatery’s entryway was dark and dramatic, with an intriguing ceiling comprised of hundreds of ceramic jugs anchored in pale-pink plaster and turned upside down, so that their open spouts loomed above like scores of empty eyes eerily looking down. Beneath our feet were brightly colored pieces of tile artfully arranged in elaborate mosaics. Racks of vintage European wines, with pedigrees far more impressive than those of the diners’, were to our right, a tall vase of dark red roses on our left. Stick-thin staffers, like ethereal art figurines, glided about noiselessly in black.
Mounted on a wall behind the hostess stand was a striking black-and-white painting in an abstract, geometric style. Other priceless paintings and ceramics by Picasso were scattered throughout the dusky gourmet enclave overlooking Lake Bellagio. The ambiance was plush, romantic, rustic, more like an avant-garde art gallery in the south of Spain than a posh eatery on the Strip. No wonder. Dax told me that Claude Picasso, son of Pablo, designed the decor.
At a corner table, we began our four-star dining adventure with Maine lobster salad and sautéed Foie Gras with Madeira sauce. Every flavor was vibrant and distinctive, yet subtly mingled. While we nibbled, Dax mentioned how pretty I looked and asked about the cocktail uniforms and my Ann-Margret act.
I told him that everything was fine, but I was getting an earful of gripes about sleazy customers, slow shifts, bad stations, and deadbeat tippers from hardened cocktailers who’d been in the casino trenches for years, and had the varicose veins and bunions to prove it. Chuckling and shaking his head, he cracked, “You should be getting hazard pay for this job.”
Then I rambled on about the frustrations of trying to create custom-fitted uniforms for women whose body parts were in a constant state of flux, thanks to every type of surgical procedure known to man. Or should I say woman? Keeping track of who was getting what done, and when, was an ongoing challenge. One girl’s breast size, for example, started out a modest 34B, but ballooned to 40D after surgery. She then decided her cups were running over and went under the knife again to bring them back to a perky 36C. Would this be the end? Who knew? I told Dax I’d finally reached the point where I needed to set up a spreadsheet to keep track.
“Don’t they make a program for that in Silicone Valley?” he asked, smiling.
“Yeah!” I answered, laughing and lobbing a question right back. “What can you say about a town with ten pages of plastic surgeons in the phone book and two for shrinks?”
“Sounds too good to be true!” he grinned. “Where have I been all my life? Call the moving van!” We both cracked up.
On the Elvis-Ann-Margret front, I proudly reported that I was now actually singing, not just lip-synching, and that the show was going so well we were thinking of adding two more songs. Dax said he once rubbed elbows with Elvis in an L.A. studio, where The King was recording the soundtrack for Kissin’ Cousins. He said he’d never seen that kind of excitement, or entourage, around any performer in his thirty-plus years in the music biz.
As we dug into warm quail salads with sautéed artichokes and pine nuts, Dax went on about his talent management agency, Boomerang’s, ongoing search for new artists.
“Business is great. I can’t complain,” he said. “We’re signing major talent in Europe and back East. I’m looking for acts with their own style and sound. Singers and musicians with something unique and original. You know, the hair on your arm stands up when you hear them.
“So many of these kids want to be the next Springsteen, Beatles, or Madonna, but that’s been done. To make it big, you need something different. You need to really stand out. It’s hard to explain to these kids who’ve worshiped the gods of rock ‘n’ roll since they were in diapers, but it’s pointless to try and be like anyone else. You’ve got to figure out what hasn’t been done, and go there.” As I listened, I could understand why Dax was so successful. He obviously recognized and appreciated real talent.
During a brief lull, we ordered our entrees. When I told the waiter I’d have the braised medallions of fallow deer, Dax caused a stir by inquiring, with mock seriousness, how the chef knew the deer was a virgin?
“Was she examined by medical experts like the future wife of a crown prince in Europe?” he inquired with a devilish grin. “How do we know if this deer was truly virtuous when she was slaughtered, or was she a doe with a past, running around with every buck from Yellowstone to Yosemite?”
The flustered waiter blushed, mumbled something unintelligible, and scurried off. Roger never would have been so crude, especially here. But it was funny, and I couldn’t help laughing. Dax was brash, earthy, shameless. I found myself wondering if he was always this much fun, even in bed?
By the time our entrees arrived, we had, for better or worse, moved on to more personal topics. Between bites of New Zealand Thai snapper with bouillon sauce and fresh herbs, Dax confided his frustrations as a divorced father of three.
“I never missed a single alimony or child-support payment. My kids grew up with their mothers in L.A., and had the best of everything: schools, clothes, vacations, cars, courtside tickets to the Lakers, backstage passes at concerts, you name it. The check was always in the mail. But I basically missed out on their childhoods, and that haunts me to this day.
“They’re teenagers now, and I don’t really know them, the color of their prom dresses, what they like on their hamburgers, what video games they play, who their friends are, what movies they see. None of that important, day-to-day stuff that lets you really know a kid.
“I spent so many years on the road for 10 months straight, or in recording studios till 3 am getting one last cut, or hanging out in the corporate offices of Columbia and Arista, that I’d have to call myself a poster child for bad parenting.”
Taking a sip of wine, he sighed and shook his head.
“The truth is,” he added, dropping his voice, “I never really wanted kids. I know it sounds harsh, un-American, sacrilegious, antisocial, and all that other crap, but it’s true. I wasn’t cut out for parenthood. My first and second wives were determined to have them, so we did, and for a while I bought into the fantasy that it could work. Well, it didn’t.”
Dax grew increasingly melancholy as he went on. I didn’t want him to get too depressed. After all, it was New Year’s Eve. So I tried to change the subject. But it went from bad to worse when he brought up my marriage. I didn’t want to think about it, much less talk about it. Too confusing, frustrating, painful, and private. I tried to make some statement that would convey all that without provoking more questions. But all I could come up with was, “It’s complicated. Roger and I had some happy years together. Who knows, maybe there’ll be more?”
We were both quiet for a minute, then he said, “It could take some time to figure that out. The question is, how long are you willing to hang in there?”
“I don’t know,” I uttered with a shrug. “As long as it takes, I guess.”
Moving right along, Dax told me how he’d planned to call the weekend he was in Vegas with Darcy after Jackson Hole, but backed off when Gary mentioned my husband was visiting. He said he found that “pretty discouraging.” Then he put the big question to me about my marital status. I answered him point blank, “My husband and I are living in different cities at the moment, but we’re still married. Not separated, married. We’re trying to figure out where we’re going from here.” Then I added in a soft voice, as I stared into space and shook my head, “Maybe I shouldn’t even be here with you.”
“That’s ridiculous!” he shot back. “You should absolutely be here with me. Where else would you be? I have no illusions about your marriage. Maybe you do, but I don’t. You’re confused, trying to figure out what you’re going to do, whether or not you can work out your differences. You’re both trying to find a mutually attractive solution. I can understand that.”
Did he really, I wondered. Was this guy for real, or just a shallow skirt-chaser trying to hook up? I didn’t know, but he was here, wasn’t he? That had to count for something. Why else would an attractive, successful, intelligent, witty guy fly all the way from New York to spend New Year’s Eve with me in Vegas when he could easily find sex, love, romance, companionship, and anything else he wanted, on the East Coast?
Setting his knife and fork on the rim of his plate, he glanced downward, then up at me. “I’m interested in you, of course,” he murmured with an intensity and tenderness that took my breath away. “You must know that by now. You’re beautiful, talented, smart, sexy, all of that. Since the moment I laid eyes on you in the Jackson airport, I’ve been interested. I intend to wait till there’s some change in your marital status, till you’re more certain about where you’re headed…” his voice trailed off.
I stared straight ahead, trying to pretend I wasn’t taking any of this seriously. But I was. I absolutely was. I felt nervous, excited. I tried to hide it, but it was no use. Dax saw right through me, reached for my hand, and said reassuringly, “It’s okay; I’ve been around the block a few times myself. I know how confused you are right now. I wrote the book on marriage, separation, divorce. I know exactly which page and chapter you’re on.
I rolled my eyes and laughed a little. He took another sip of wine and soldiered on. “Remember our dinner at Chez Cotelette in Jackson? It was no accident that I was sitting at that corner table when you walked in. Gary tipped me off that you would be there, so I showed up early, ordered drinks, kept my eyes open, and waited. I wanted to see if you were as charming and attractive as you seemed when we had lunch at the moose place. And you were, of course, you were.”
“Oh, uh, I’m stunned Dax, really…”
“And the Thursday and Friday breakfasts?” he went on in a rush of words. “I don’t even eat breakfast! I had early meetings both days, but I canceled them because I thought I might catch a glimpse of you in the hotel dining room.
“No disappointments there. You walked in, and the whole room lit up. Just like this place tonight. That’s just you, Wendy, the effect you have everywhere you go. It’s inappropriate, I know, with your being married and my being this talent manager flying all over the world, but there you have it. I can’t change the way I feel, and I wouldn’t want to. So, yes, I’m interested. There, you dragged it out of me. How do you feel about all this? Am I being rude, presumptuous, impertinent? Am I overwhelming you? Confusing you? Do you want me to stop?”
No, yes, maybe, I didn’t know. I was on the verge of speaking when two stone-faced waiters rolled a linen-covered dessert cart up to our table. Reluctantly, our eyes unlocked. We both took deep breaths and stared blankly at each exquisite offering as it was explained in mouth-watering detail. I heard Dax say we’d have the chocolate mousse cake. Then he cracked, “You guys sure have great timing,” as the cart slowly trundled away. Our eyes relocked.
“Oh, Dax!” I cried, reaching for his hand and staring into his blue eyes. “I’m flattered by everything you said. I have feelings for you, too. I wish I could give you some encouragement, some sign of where my marriage is headed, but I can’t. Not right now. Just be my friend, and don’t pressure me. Please be patient and let me savor our friendship and the fun I’m having with this new career. I can’t handle any more than that right now.
“I’m sorry I can’t be more definite. I’m going through some kind of awkward transition. Maybe I’m in the middle of the midlife crisis from hell. I don’t know. Can you accept me on those terms? Just leave it open-ended for now?”
“Of course I can, Wendy, of course. I want things between us to be straight up. I’d rather have honest confusion than dishonest promises. Take your time, take your time. I waited for you that night in Jackson. I’ve waited for you all my life. I’m going to keep on waiting,” he sighed, as he took my hand and kissed it. A rush of warmth washed over me. My heart was racing. Why was he saying these things? Could I believe what I was hearing?
Everything around me seemed to be spinning. And yet the world had suddenly stopped. As he lowered my hand and held it, a white-coated waiter gently intruded with dessert and champagne. But not even chocolate mousse cake could distract me from the intensity.
After dinner, we strolled arm-in-arm down the Strip as the golden hour approached. On New Year’s Eve, traffic was suspended on Las Vegas Boulevard, and before we knew it we were in the middle of Party Central. Thousands of noisy revelers were spilling off the sidewalks into the street. A huge, drunken mob of humanity singing, dancing, screaming, passing out, brawling. You name it, we saw it. In the middle of all this madness, fireworks exploded in bold, candy-colored splashes across the black-velvet sky beyond the Strip.
It wasn’t easy, but we managed to snag an empty limo in front of Bellagio. Hundreds of people, some in tuxes, gowns, and mink coats, others in jeans and leather jackets, were waiting in line. I heard the couple behind us chattering about just seeing Jennifer Aniston and Vince Vaughn at Forty Deuce in Mandalay Bay. While I eavesdropped, Dax slipped the valet $100 to bump us up.
By 11:45, we were snaking our way down Flamingo Road, jammed with traffic and hordes of stampeding party animals. At the stroke of 12, we kissed passionately in the back seat, with the limo driver eyeing us in the mirror. We were both dizzy and gasping, and would have made love right then and there, but somehow we got a grip and stopped. It was all so right, but totally wrong. I knew it. He knew it. Maybe even the limo driver knew it.
Holding hands, we rode silently the rest of the way, dazed and throbbing, the air around us heavy with the emotions of unspoken words. When we got to the Villa, I didn’t invite him in. I felt too vulnerable and we were both too drunk. I think he understood.
Reluctantly, I slinked out of the limo and made my way into the lobby of Dysfunction Central, past the flickering Santa slot machine and glaring-white Christmas tree on TILT. Still reeling from the torrid scene in the limo, I waited for an elevator. I was alone, but not for long. A trio of tipsy strippers clad in red satin hot pants, knee-high pink suede boots, and silver-sequined bustiers traipsed in. Apparently, they’d just been dropped off by a Hot Babes delivery van and were on their way to a private party on 10. I could only imagine. Crowding in as well were a handful of drunken, soaking-wet Marauding Munchkins who’d somehow ended up in the pool at a raucous wedding reception on the back patio.
Just another night at the Villa.
Back in my apartment, I felt numb and disoriented as I sat alone in the dark. I’d been nervous about tonight, and for good reason. By the time it was over, I was ready to make love to a man who wasn’t my husband – a man I barely knew – in the backseat of a limo inching its way down Flamingo on New Year’s Eve. I shuddered. Was my marriage in trouble or what?
From my chair, I could see the red message light on my phone blinking furiously, like a bulging vein about to burst. Should I listen to it now, or wait till later? I hit Play. It was Roger, of course, wishing me a Happy New Year, and lamenting the fact that we weren’t together. I sighed as he told me he’d ring in 2016 with Dan, Clare, and Lisa. It all sounded so cozy, perfect and predictable, the four of them attending a New Year’s Eve dinner-dance at the Cattlemen’s Club, followed by cake and champagne in the family room. They were already one big happy family. Why didn’t they just get a room?
As I deleted the message, a chill went through me. I wondered where I would be next New Year’s? Still here, or back in Houston with Roger? I honestly didn’t know. After tonight with Dax, I felt more confused than ever. Roger and I had been together eight years, seven of them happy. Maybe we’d reached the end of the line. Maybe we both needed to move on. Maybe we would never be happy together again. Maybe we were caught up in some classic seven-year-itch, and he really did belong with Lisa, and I with someone else. Someone like Dax.
Why does New Year’s Eve always bring on these annoying, soul-searching, gut-wrenching attacks of introspection? Who needs it? Why can’t we just sip, kiss, party, and skip the rest?

***** Chapter 20 *****
“We’ll Always Have Paris.”
After all the Chablis I put away at Picasso, I slept like a dead woman that night. But there wasn’t enough wine in the world to make me forget that kiss. It shouldn’t have happened, I know, but I guess neither one of us could resist. Pretty lame, huh?
I woke up around 9 on New Year’s Day, hung over and in dire need of distraction, so the first thing I reached for was my sketchpad. But I didn’t get far. At 10 AM, the phone rang. I thought it would be Roger, but it was the person I was trying to not think about, inviting me to lunch at one of my favorite places on the Strip, Eiffel Tower restaurant.
I hesitated because of the kiss. We were getting too involved. I knew it, and I wasn’t comfortable with it. On the other hand, it had happened at midnight on New Year’s Eve in the backseat of a limo inching its way down Flamingo when we were both fairly drunk, so maybe I was reading too much into it? And Dax was leaving for New York later that day and wouldn’t be back for a while, so I decided to accept. I was beginning to think I couldn’t trust myself around this guy. So what else was new? Does the name Gary Slade ring a bell?
After parking my car, I hiked down the Strip to Paris. It was obvious that all hell had broken loose the night before. The wide sidewalks were littered with broken bottles, cigarette butts, martini glasses, condom wrappers, and stray high heels. You name it. As subdued staffers, many hung over and disheveled themselves, assessed the damage and swept away debris, everything seemed as calm and quiet as a country churchyard. The ultimate Sunday Morning Coming Down.
Now seemed a perfect time to make some New Year’s resolutions. But what would they be? That I would go back to Houston, resolve my differences with Roger, and we’d live happily ever after? That I’d stay in Vegas, Roger would remain in Houston, and we’d do the sensible thing, get divorced, and move on? That I’d stop seeing Dax until I knew which way my marriage was headed? Hmmm. On second thought, maybe I’d skip the resolutions this year.
Dax was his usual upbeat self as he met me in the Paris casino under the romantic Alexander III Bridge, planted a kiss on my cheek, and helped me out of my black leather Versace coat. We were both giddy with excitement as we rode a glass elevator to the 11th floor.
Gliding out, the two of us were greeted by a flurry of activity in Eiffel Tower’s bright, open kitchen, a sea of door-to-door ovens, stacks of plates, domed platters, and shiny silver trays dangling from hooks. As the mingled aromas of grilled fish and freshly roasted meat wafted through the warm, moist air, a battalion of white-coated chefs pulled soufflés from ovens, sliced quiches, and prepped mini chocolate Towers for dessert plates with the urgency and precision of a triage unit.
The massive Art Deco dining room, a tasteful tableau of blacks, grays, and burgundies, was framed on all sides by tall windows revealing vast stretches of Strip. The soft sounds of light chatter, clinking cutlery, and popping champagne corks were all around as a slightly rumpled, dark-haired maitre d’ showed us to a window table.
I’d been here many times for dinner, but never for lunch, and I couldn’t help noticing how different the daytime ambiance was. At night, the mood was dark, dramatic, romantic, but in the bright light, the velvet chairs and couches appeared warm, cheery, lush, as if they’d just been airlifted from a quaint hotel lobby in Montmartre.
While nibbling shrimp cocktails, we took in a sweeping expanse of Strip, stretching from golden-hued Mandalay Bay on the south to russet-red Treasure Island on our north. At 540 feet up, we were high enough to take in a wide panorama, but low enough to make out the exhilarating details. My eyes drank in the sharp lines and soft contours of the sprawling gambling palaces – Caesar’s, Bellagio, Venetian. Lining the center divide of Las Vegas Boulevard, pulsating with five lanes of cars, pick-up trucks, and Hot Babes vans on both sides, were fan-shaped palm trees gently swaying in the desert breeze. And beckoning everywhere were electronic billboards flashing and flickering wildly, touting headliners like Donny and Marie at Flamingo, Jerry Seinfeld at Caesar’s, Jubilee! showgirls at Bally’s.
Directly in front of us, just beyond a massive glass panel, was Paris’s cobalt-blue, two-story-high replica of the 18th century Montgolfier Hot Air Balloon, its golden sun symbols evoking the reign of Louis XIV, France’s Sun King. Every time I gazed across the table at Dax, my eyes wandered to the blue balloon, silly, romantic, buoyant, looming to the left of his head.
His mood was less intense and more laid back than it had been last night. Maybe the high-octane wine had gotten to him at Picasso? Maybe he’d gotten a little drunk and said some things he didn’t mean? Maybe he didn’t even remember them? And the hot ‘n’ heavy midnight kiss in the limo? Maybe he didn’t remember that either.
As Dax smeared a gob of goose-liver pâté on warm French bread and ordered braised wild halibut for two, I found myself wondering about the women in his past. How many had there been? Hundreds? Thousands? Was he a Gary Slade in sheep’s clothing? A charming chick-magnet-rock-star anxious to score with anything in a skirt?
“Dax, uh, what about women? Have there, uh, been many?” I found myself asking suddenly, awkwardly, regretting the pathetic words even as they tumbled from my mouth.
“Oh yeah, many, many,” he ‘fessed up, smiling. “But nothing like Gary of course. You may need to check this with the Census Bureau. I think their last questionnaire included a box to be checked by all the women he slept with over the decades.”
I responded with a nervous laugh. Would I ever get a straight answer out of this guy? He was great with the quick comebacks and witty one-liners, but was there any substance beneath the surface?
“No, I mean, were you, uh, faithful to your wives?” I asked hesitantly, sailing further into uncharted territory. “You were in the music industry a long time as a performer and producer. Gary told me you jammed with Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, The Eagles, Creedence. There must have been swarms of groupies and stalkers. Panties being thrown onstage, girls stashed away in hotel rooms, desperate women throwing themselves at you, right?”
“You do ask some interesting questions,” Dax chuckled. “I may need to call in reinforcements on this one. A song by my old buds, Willie and Julio, might do the trick. Since they both had gigs, and there’s no jukebox, I’ll do the honors. “The royalty check’s in the mail, guys.” Without skipping a beat, he set his wineglass down, leaned back, and started warbling “To All the Girls I’ve Loved Before” in his bedroomy baritone. By the time he finished, took a sip of wine, and bowed, I couldn’t stop laughing.
And when I finally did, I couldn’t help wondering: How do you not fall in love with a guy like this? How do you spend one more minute of your up-until-now-miserable-life not completely enveloped in his warmth, humor, and intelligence? Could he possibly be more charming and seductive?
“Dax, uh, yeah, get the Census Bureau on the line.” I cracked between giggles. “I may need to check those figures!”
Later, after we were sufficiently anesthetized with crème brûlée and triple chocolate cake, I tried to delve further into his marriages to “the three merry wives of Dax.” Why hadn’t they worked?
“Oh, that’s easy,” he answered, shrugging. “They all wanted me to be the perfect husband: Mr. Conventional. The guy who runs to Home Depot on weekends, attends PTA meetings, plays catch with little Johnny in the yard, and stops at the grocery on the way home for a quart of milk. That kind of thing.
“I couldn’t do it. God knows I tried, but I couldn’t do it. I was gone most of the time, rehearsing all day, jamming all night, cutting tracks in the studio till the wee, small hours, trying to keep up with the business end. And when I finally got home, I didn’t want to do it. I was too tired or too bored.
“Before I married these women, they accepted me the way I was. But once we signed that piece of paper, they all clamped down and demanded that I become the perfect cookie-cutter husband they’d been dreaming of since the day they got their first Barbie. I couldn’t do it. I didn’t want to.
“So there were conflicts, problems, arguments. And eventually I strayed, or they strayed, or we both strayed. I couldn’t keep track. Then they got the best divorce lawyers my money could buy and took me to the cleaners. Every one of them. Thank God I kept going and reinvented myself a few times. That’s why I got into talent management, even though I’d rather be on stage or producing. There’s more money, and I had a mountain of alimony and child support to keep up with.
“So that’s my sad but true tale about marriage, divorce, and the joys of parenthood. And now back to you.”
I couldn’t help noticing how good this guy was at turning the focus away from himself and back on me. He seemed so brash, outspoken, and cocky, but at the same time, private, wary, and reluctant to reveal much about himself. Maybe he was basically shy, and just trying to protect himself. Maybe he was afraid of opening up and being vulnerable, of trusting someone enough to let them in, and then getting hurt.
“Believe it or not,” he confided, looking down while toying nervously with the handle of his espresso cup, “because of my three wild rides on the marriage-go-round, I can understand why you’re living here and not with your husband.”
“Oh yeah,” I shot back, rolling my eyes. “Why don’t you explain it to me? I’d love to hear your take.”
He paused briefly and went on. “After I met you in Jackson, Gary told me some things about you. He mentioned those nasty society hags in Houston who tried to turn you into a robotic Stepford wife and that uptight, workaholic husband of yours who pretty much went along with it.
“I’m impressed with the way you handled it. You could be a glorified trophy wife sitting on your beautiful behind in Texas, being supported by a big-shot architect husband while you stage luncheons and dinners and attend afternoon teas. You could be wearing all the right dresses to all the right parties and saying all the right things to all the right people.
“But you’re not,” he said, grinning and looking me in the eye. “Instead you’re here, designing cocktail waitress frocks and prancing around a stage with Elvis. You’ve stepped outside the box they were trying to put you in, big time, and you’ve taken a lot of heat for it. That’s why I’m drawn to you. You want to be free, independent, your own person. And you’re willing to fight for it. That’s why I find you so interesting, why I send flowers, why I’m here with you now. I admire you, and what you’re doing. Hell, I would’ve done the same thing myself. Right On!”
If ever I were going to fall in love with Dax Decker, now was the time, this was the place. I couldn’t believe it. A guy who actually understood me, who would take me on my own terms, let me be myself and love me for who I am, not for some trumped-up role that was designated for me a million years ago.
“Dax, you’re brilliant!” I gushed, laughing nervously. But it was true. His takes on my marriage, my problems with Clare and Doris, and both my new careers were spot on. He seemed to know more about me than I knew about myself. I was impressed, but also a little uncomfortable with being so analyzed and exposed. I felt emotionally naked. It was time to put the ball back in his court. And now that I knew a little about his three spins on the marriage-go-round, I decided to go for the jugular.
“Would you ever get married again?” I asked innocently.
He grinned devilishly.
“Why do you ask? Oh my God, you’re proposing, aren’t you? I had a feeling this might happen. I’m being proposed to on the second date. Waiter, waiter, bring champagne. This beautiful lady has just popped the question!” he shouted excitedly, waving his arms.
Everyone in the upscale eatery turned and stared. A robust, flame-haired glamazon lunching with friends a few tables away suddenly leapt out of her chair, gave me a double thumbs-up, and yelled, “You go girl!” I was mortified. Then Dax grabbed my left hand, checked out the ring finger, and announced loudly, “Never mind, false alarm, cancel the champagne. She’s already taken.” As a confused waiter hesitantly approached our table with a bottle of bubbly, then abruptly turned back, I buried my face in my hands and cracked up.
“Dax, stop, you’re making a scene!” I gasped between giggles. “I’ll never be able to come in here again!”
“It’s okay, darlin’,” he said, patting my hand. “We’re in Vegas, the capital of one-night stands, spur-of-the-moment proposals, broken engagements, last-minute weddings, quickie divorces. You name it. Believe me, they don’t get this much action in Tijuana. A hundred thousand people, give or take a few thousand, tie the knot here every year. Clark County’s marriage license bureau is announced on the bus just like any other tourist spot, from Siegfried & Roy’s Secret Garden to M & M’s World. It’s no big deal!”
I burst out laughing. He was right, of course, and once again I found myself blown away by his irreverent spin on all things Vegas. Dax saw right through the glitz and the BS, and loved this crazy town just like I did, in spite of itself.
It was New Year’s Day 2016, and I was feeling no pain. Just like last night, everything seemed to be spinning and standing still at the same time. Dax was turning my world upside down! He was sweeping me off my feet with his wit, his charm, his rocker-boy allure. And here I was, married to Roger, the love of my life, for all of one year. I tried to appreciate the irony and laugh it off, but it wasn’t funny. Someone was going to get hurt here, and it might even be me.
After just two meals with Dax, I felt silly, euphoric, and downright dizzy. I was probably better off getting stuck in that elevator with Gary than going through this kind of turmoil. The playboy pilot was only after my body, but Dax wanted my heart, soul, and body. And to tell you the truth, I couldn’t think of a better guy to give them to. But of course, that wasn’t going to happen, at least not right now, anyway.
After lunch, as if we weren’t high enough already, we got on a glass elevator just off the casino and rode fifty-one stories to the top of Eiffel Tower. From the observation deck, we looked out on the Las Vegas Valley for 30 miles in every direction. A vast desert-mosaic of palm trees, casinos, dusty lots, strip malls, and tiled-roof houses with swimming pools in the backyard. East of us, the planes flying into and out of McCarran were a constant reminder that Dax would be on one of them in a few hours.
Downstairs, just outside the lobby doors, our goodbye kiss was deliberately chaste, an overcompensation for last night’s slip into the Forbidden Passion Zone. He tossed out an invitation for me to join him in New York for a weekend, but I didn’t think it was a good idea. I was scared of what might happen if we spent that much time together. Surely we’d end up in bed. Unfazed, he vowed to return to Vegas soon for another look at Posse, and me.
While a bellman flagged down a cab, Dax gazed into my eyes and pulled me close. “It’s not terribly original. Bogie said it to Bergman in Casablanca,” he teased, “but here’s looking at you, kid. We’ll always have Paris.” As he uttered these words, he held out his hands to take in the scope of the Tower and giant air balloon looming above us. We laughed and kissed again. Then he slid into a cab and sped back to Luxor so he could pack for his flight at 6. As I stood on the curb watching the cab pull away, I was sad he was leaving; I was glad he was leaving; I was hoping that maybe he wouldn’t leave?
Dax was droll, dashing, dynamic. A force of nature. When he said goodbye that day, I felt sad, lost, empty. But I knew it would only complicate matters if we saw each other more, at least right then. What I loved most about him was that, beneath the brashness and bravado, he was sensitive, romantic, and passionate. Two guys, really – a silly clown and a soulful poet – rolled into one. I wanted him in my life, but I didn’t want to hurt him or lead him on. Since I was married, was that a contradiction?

***** Chapter 21 *****
The debut of the frocks rocked my world.
Somehow, while all this was going on, Gary and I managed to remain friends, even though he seemed a little jealous of my relationship with Dax. We worked out a couple of times a week, and he still was my go-to guy for handyman stuff.
Speaking of Gary, in February I learned from Paige that he had moved on to another target of opportunity, this one named Keely, a statuesque showgirl who danced topless in the Crazy Girls revue at Riviera and had just rented the flat below his at the Villa. One morning, over a cup of tea, Paige told me they were so smitten they were thinking of moving in together. Gary had mentioned Keely a few times, and I’d met her once or twice in the laundry room, but I had no idea they were serious enough to consider something as drastic as monogamy. This I had to see. Given the hook-up king’s track record, what were the odds? Seventy-thirty against, at best?
In March, major problems with the cocktail uniforms drove me up the wall with anxiety and frustration. First off, there was an INS raid at the factory, and many of Desert Dolls’ best seamstresses were deported for being in the U.S. illegally.
Maxine took it in stride and assured me that new girls would be hired pronto to replace them. I tried to adopt her attitude of taking things as they came, and not getting my “knickers all in a twist,” but there were some sleepless nights over this dicey situation.
The INS raid wasn’t our only problem. Right after the factory reopened with new girls, I was inspecting a truckload of TaffeLuxe that had just arrived from L.A. when I discovered, to my horror, that three of the five colors didn’t match the dye lots used in previous shipments. The cobalt blue was faded; the fuchsia, too bright, and the lavender, more like purple.
Suddenly it was panic-time again. Each of the five colors had to be consistent in every shipment. Otherwise, the uniforms wouldn’t match. There’s no way I would have accepted any kind of deviation. It took a week, and lots of phone calls, to straighten out the mess and get fresh bolts delivered in the right shades.
Whoa! I survived, but not without a few more gray hairs. Desert Dolls came through again, and shelled out even more in weekend pay and overtime. I know, because I spent every Saturday and Sunday racing around the factory, driving everyone crazy, looking over their shoulder, making sure every little detail was being done according to plan. Believe me, when I took this job, I had no idea this process would be so stressful and time-consuming.
But the end results were smashing, worth every minute of agony. To my astonishment and relief, my bright, stylish uniforms made their debut in April 2016, right on schedule, during Petticoat Palace’s month-long 40th anniversary blow-out. I was over the moon!
After seven months of designing, measuring, worrying, and wheeling and dealing with Maxine, the dresses were an overnight sensation. Within days, the short-skirted, tight-waisted, bright-hued get-ups were the talk of the Strip because they were so different from the bland smocks that had preceded them.
The debut of the frocks rocked my world. I could hardly believe they were finally finished. At all hours of the day and night, I found myself irresistibly drawn to Petticoat to revel in the colorful array of cocktailers prancing through the casino, strutting their stuff like vain peacocks.
Every time I took in this rich spectacle, I’d pinch myself. It was a dream come true! The biggest thing that had happened to me in years. Yes, even bigger than my marriage, which had opened a Pandora’s Box of self-doubts and insecurities, while this creative challenge had infused me with new confidence. The fresh jolt of success invigorated me. I could see the possibilities for an exciting design career ahead. There really was life after Panache.
The high-voltage media coverage of the new uniforms changed things big time at Petticoat. Soon the casino was drawing bumper crowds, as tourists and locals alike streamed in to get a closer look at the uniforms and revel in the 40th anniversary hoopla.
Of course, they usually stuck around for a few spins of the roulette wheel, some lucky hits on the progressive slots, or a hand or two of Caribbean Stud. And while they gambled, they drank. And after they gambled and drank, they ate. And after they gambled, drank, and ate, they shopped. A Rolex or Tag-Heuer is always harder to resist when you’ve just pocketed $2,000 at the craps table.
The sudden surge in all things commercial led to bigger profits and heftier tips all around. Maxine was thrilled that the uniforms were paying off. Upper management rewarded her with a handsome raise, and I got a nice bonus.
Before long, our success had set off a cocktail-uniform revolution up and down the Strip, as other casinos took a look at the get-ups their girls were wearing and tried to knock off the frocks that rocked.
I soon became an in-demand designer, with offers pouring in to put together cocktailer attire for major Strip venues like Vegas Versailles, Mirage, Bellagio, Desert Oasis, and Taj Mahal. The attention was flattering, but frankly I was a little overwhelmed and wanted to sit back a while and absorb it all before taking on anything new.

***** Chapter 22 *****
Then again, a troubled marriage always draws readers like a train wreck, doesn’t it?
Right after the uniforms debuted, Dax sent a bouquet of roses, daisies, and orchids with an upbeat note. Roger also weighed in with an encouraging message and a more formal arrangement of pink gladiolas. (Isn’t that the funeral flower?) He had seen a feature on the uniforms on the cable show, Fashionista Nation, and was impressed. He even apologized for some of the harsher comments he’d made about Petticoat and Vegas on his visit, and promised to make it up to me. I didn’t quite know what that meant, but it sounded like a step in the right direction.
Speaking of my husband, it was around this time that he let it drop, in one of our rare phone chats, that he’d been squiring Lisa to some high-profile galas and fundraisers. Something to do with the “springtime charity circuit,” I think. The whole idea was a bit jarring, but what could I say? We’d been living in separate cities for a year, and he certainly was entitled to a social life. Still, it made me uncomfortable. And maybe even a little jealous.
That wasn’t the only thing making me uneasy. Somehow, over the months, our marital situation had become fodder for Babs Kinkade’s daily dispatches. All I can say is, there must have been some really slow news days at the Houston Daily Herald! Then again, a troubled marriage always draws readers like a train wreck, doesn’t it?
According to an e-mail from Maxwell, who hated Babs but never missed her column, the toxic gossip queen was giving Roger and Lisa’s nights on the town plenty of ink while dropping hints of a possible romance between the lines. He also said that Clare, my old nemesis, was furiously fanning the flames by feeding her pal, Babs, a bunch of misleading, self-serving quotes about the relationship between her daughter and my husband, and my continued absence.
In her heart of hearts, Clare must have believed Roger would divorce me and end up with her daughter. What arrogance! But time was not on her side. I had to wonder how long she would let this uncertainty drag on. If Roger and I remained married but living in separate cities for the long haul, while he continued to be seen socially with Lisa, the gossip would only escalate. Sooner or later, everyone would be whispering that Clare’s precious daughter was involved with a married man. From what I’d seen of her, Clare couldn’t tolerate that kind of scandal in her own backyard.
In June, it all came to a head when an annoyed, perplexed Roger called one morning to confide that Dan and Clare had ushered him into the family room the night before, after the Sunday night buffet was cleared, to inquire about the status of our marriage and to ask what his intentions were, if any, regarding their daughter. Roger was shocked by their directness and angry with me for getting him into this situation.
“I told them I didn’t like being put on the spot like that,” he complained bitterly. “Then I said I didn’t know what, if anything, would develop between me and Lisa because I didn’t know if, or when, my wife would come to her senses and end this ridiculous midlife fling in Vegas.
“But then, this morning, I woke up and decided enough is enough. The uniforms are finished. That Ann-Margret impersonator has been back from her honeymoon for months. What the hell are you still doing up there? How much longer is this going to go on?”
“What the hell am I still doing up here?” I yelled back at him. “Working! I just created 1,000 cocktail uniforms that are the talk of the Strip. I need to be here to deal with the media and take care of any glitches that come up with the dresses, garters, shoes, or trays. You saw that piece Fashionista Nation did on me. I’m working nonstop. Other offers are coming in for design jobs. And I still do the Ann-Margret gig once or twice a week. Dan, Clare, and Lisa are the last thing on my mind. I can’t believe they put this kind of pressure on you. And you call these people friends?”
“Well Wendy, they do have a point, don’t they?” he shot back. “You’ve been up there a year now. The whole world wants to know. When in blazes are you coming back?”
“Roger, I’m sorry, I honestly don’t know,” I answered, my voice trailing off.
“Well, this can’t go on much longer,” he lashed out. “Something’s gotta give. You’re going to have to make a decision one way or the other. And soon!”
I knew that. He knew that. We all knew that. But it would have to be on my terms, damn it. In Vegas, or Houston, I wasn’t about to let Dan, Clare, and Lisa run my life.
Then, a few weeks later, there was a startling new development that no one saw coming. Roger called to report that Lisa would no longer need him as an escort. Seems she now had a date in the form of an ex-beau named Travis Bixby, who had recently resurfaced in Houston and was aggressively pursuing her.
Roger said he first learned of Lisa’s budding romance when Travis began showing up at the Sunday night buffets.
He told me that Dan and Clare were lukewarm about Travis because of his recent divorce from a Southern belle in Atlanta. But Lisa was determined to not let them interfere this time.
It all sounded a tad impulsive to me, a bit on the rebound: Travis from the wife he had divorced, and Lisa, perhaps, from Roger? But who cared what the reasons were? I was just relieved that Lisa, every man’s fantasy woman, was now involved with an attractive, eligible guy, and that Babs could now focus on them and leave Roger and me alone.
Of course, I wanted to ask my husband how he felt about Lisa’s do-over with Travis. But I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear the answer. And he probably wouldn’t have been straight with me, anyway, so why bother? Plus, I felt guilty about my feelings for Dax, so I didn’t want to pry a confession out of him because he might try to pry one out of me. Don’t ask, don’t tell seemed our best option at that point.

***** Chapter 23 *****
September 2016
Small, Inadvertent Incursions
Sometimes after dinner, when everything was quiet, and the phone had finally stopped ringing, and there were no more e-mails to answer or sketches to revise, I’d stand at my kitchen window staring out at an empty, tumbleweed-filled lot, and the distant Sierra Nevadas, and think about Roger.
I could remember the many cozy evenings with him in my Santa Monica condo. And we’d have these lovely, relaxing, casual dinners, discussing something funny Carol had said that day, or the celebrity who’d rushed into the store that morning to buy a dozen sweaters, or how his latest project was going, or where we might take our next vacation.
It was all very frivolous and delightful. Our lives were complementary back then. Everything flowed easily between us. There were no big challenges to face or compromises to make. No unreasonable demands or ugly disagreements. But that was before Houston and the chameleons. Before Magnolia Crescent, Dan, Clare, and Lisa. Before Petticoat Palace, Gary, and Dax.
The truth about Roger and me, the real truth, is that from the very beginning we were more than friends and lovers. We were family. A safe place to go, somewhere to belong, a cozy haven where you would always be accepted, understood, cherished.
When we met, Roger was forty-three, I was thirty-eight, and we were both alone, without spouses, parents, children, or siblings, at least any that we spoke to. We became close because, on some level, we realized we needed each other, as friends, as lovers, as family. Roger was essential to my life. I was essential to his. With everyone else, my parents, friends, ex-boyfriends, I was, ultimately, optional. But not with Roger. This is one reason, I suppose, that I was reluctant to give him up, even though I was a deadbeat wife at that point, a long-distance, nonfunctional spouse in a marriage on autopilot.
So, yes, there were moments when I wondered if Roger would be better off with someone else. Someone more conventional and traditional like Lisa. We’d had seven idyllic years together in L.A. That had to count for something, didn’t it? I loved looking back on the things we did, the places we went, our vacations in London, and the times he joined me in New York or Paris for fashion weeks. I also savored the memory of other trips that were far less glamorous, but sweeter and more intimate. Postcard-perfect weekends in Catalina, Palm Springs, San Francisco, Lake Arrowhead.
I could even recall a sex-saturated three days in Solvang after we had known each other only a few months, when we stayed at a bed and breakfast and managed to miss every single breakfast. There was such intense intimacy between us. We were so in love, wrapped in our own little cocoon, that it was impossible to imagine the next five minutes, let alone the rest of our lives, without each other.
You can miss the idea of someone, which means you miss something they bring to your life, like wealth, or social status, or access to artistic or intellectual circles. Or you can miss the reality of someone, which means you miss the essence of that person, the way they make you feel, the way they behave when they’re with you.
With Roger, I missed both. I missed the idea of him, what he represented in terms of stability, security, and respectability. But I also missed the reality of him, snuggling with him in bed after making love, sharing popcorn at the movies, taking a weekend trip to Palm Springs, having dinner with him.
If I missed him so much, why didn’t I just get on a plane and go back to Houston? Because I was enjoying my so-called life in wacky, tacky Las Vegas, especially my budding design career, and I realized that being with Roger in Houston would never be like being with him in L.A. It was a different environment, a different situation, another world. We could never recreate in Houston the life we’d had in L.A.
Maybe it was because, in Houston, Roger was obsessed with Magnolia Crescent, and winning the approval of his boss, Dan, and his wife, Clare. Who did he think they were? Reincarnations of Mummy and Daddy? Maybe that’s what he wanted. His parents all over again. Watching someone as brilliant and successful as Roger pander to them annoyed and angered me. I lost respect for him when I saw that side of him, the approval-seeking side.
In L.A., Roger had also been a workaholic, but there were no Dans or Clares to worry about. Life somehow seemed purer and more simple. I knew I was Priority Number One to him, as he was to me. But In Houston, for the first time, that wasn’t the case. I realized he was consumed with new, more important challenges. But I didn’t want to adjust to being anything less than Number One in Roger’s life, on a temporary, or permanent, basis.
I wanted to wait a while longer and see what happened before I made any hard decisions. I was afraid of going back to Houston because I thought it might turn into one long fight-fest, and Roger and I would end up divorced. At least this way, although we were living in different cities, we were both happy career-wise. And neither one of us had made a move to formalize our separation. As far as I was concerned, there was still hope our marriage would survive.
My relationship with Roger might have been up in the air, but there was nothing uncertain about my design career. It was thriving. After drawing raves with the Petticoat uniforms, I scored two more design jobs. One came from Maxine, who asked me to create saloon-girl costumes for the lovely chanteuses who sang atop the pianos in Petticoat’s saloon.
The other was an offer to create new cocktail waitress get-ups for Vegas Versailles, a colossus of a hotel-casino on the center Strip. The drop-dead-gorgeous venue was a replica of Versailles, the magnificent palace on the outskirts of Paris that was home to a slew of French royals, including Louis XVI and Marie-Antoinette during the French Revolution. The casino brass had been so impressed with my work at Petticoat that they made me a generous offer to come up with chic new uniforms for their two hundred-fifty cocktailers.
Moving from Petticoat to Versailles was a giant step up on the status ladder. Suddenly I was at the top of the food chain, working for the crème de la crème of casinos, with a budget that was virtually unlimited. What a heady feeling. I had arrived! Las Vegas, of course, wasn’t a major fashion capital like Paris, Milan, or New York, but still, within the glitzy, scintillating world known as the Strip, I was in the big leagues.
It was easy to forget about the tensions in my marriage when I was caught up in such thrilling projects. My design career wasn’t going to be a one-hit wonder. I was moving on up to newer and fresher challenges that would establish me as an innovative designer with versatility and range.
Though work was my main focus, my social life was rolling right along. Gary and I remained friends. He still did handyman stuff around the apartment, and a few times a week we worked out and had breakfast while his main squeeze, Keely, slept in or went to Crazy Girls’ rehearsals.
While we all hunkered down at the Villa, Dax was busy in New York, organizing his talent company, Boomerang’s, new office in Times Square. But he came to Vegas one weekend a month to watch Posse perform and spend time with me. It was done in the most innocent, subtle way. We would go on day trips with Gary and Keely, Brian and Paige, Serena and Daryl. On one outing, Gary took us all on a jaw-dropping trip to the Grand Canyon.
After a one-hour flight that turned bumpy over Lake Mead, we landed at Grand Canyon Village Airport. Our first stop was El Tovar, a ruggedly attractive hotel modeled after a European hunting lodge. Between forkfuls of big, puffy Duke Wayne omelets (one or two of his movies were filmed nearby) in the rustic dining room, we ventured out to the deck to gaze a mile deep into the stunningly beautiful Grand Canyon.
Stretching before us for hundreds of miles were seventeen million years’ worth of layered limestone, sandstone, granite, and shale, compressed into red-brown or grayish-green canyons, pyramids, plateaus, and peaks. Overwhelming! No neon signs or slot machines tarting up the place.
Afterwards, the eight of us hiked down Bright Angel Trail. We were only halfway to the bottom of the Canyon when we stopped, but the views in every direction were spectacular.
On the return flight to Vegas, Dax and I sat quietly in back, drinking in the grandeur of the rugged, desert-mountain landscape below. When the plane suddenly lurched over Boulder City, I gasped and grabbed his arm. After a minute or two, he gently took my hand (the one with the wedding ring on it), squeezed it in both of his, and kissed it. My heart melted like a lump of butter in a hot cast iron skillet. I couldn’t look at him, so I just stared straight ahead, feeling exhilarated but sad. I didn’t want to hurt him. I didn’t want to have an affair with him. I didn’t want to get too close to him. I didn’t want him to go away. I didn’t know what I wanted from him, and I tried to not think about it too much. I just took it day by day and told myself it was all in the name of friendship.
So Dax and I were spending time together, but keeping it casual. Easy to do since he spent most of his time in New York, where I was fairly certain he saw other women. Maybe that’s why he didn’t complain or try to pressure me into an affair. I was curious, of course, but I had made up my mind early on to not ask about his love life. I was too afraid of what he might say.
If there were other women, it would have been totally understandable. Dax was the most attractive, entertaining, sexy guy. Every week he’d call from New York to spout clever reviews of the shows he’d seen. He’d also mention his frequent forays into elite Big Apple eateries. On and on he’d rave about the food, the service, the settings. Most of these dinners were business meetings with the suits from Sony and Atlantic. The rest, who knows?
He also spent a lot of time scouting new talent in over-the-top clubs with state-of-the-art acoustics, great jazz, rock, and hip-hop. You name it, these high-voltage watering holes had it, from enclosed penthouse lounges, rooftop gardens, and back rooms crammed with A-list celebs, to killer cocktails and leggy go-go girls.
It all sounded so glamorous and exciting. The New York Dax described was so different from the one I remembered during fashion weeks, a cloistered, one-dimensional blur of bright runways, loud music, claustrophobic cocktail parties, and boring press events.
Compared to the Music Man’s party-hearty life in New York, his once-a-month weekends in Vegas were laid-back and low key. Dax and I would join the group for fun, touristy activities, but we always had dinner alone. He had sophisticated epicurean tastes. One of the major draws for him in Vegas was the spectacular food, the profusion of gourmet fare in a relatively small area.
While we ate fabulous food at five-star restaurants, Dax would regale me with tales of past adventures from his days as a performer, producer, and talent scout in the rock world. It was fun and riveting.
I felt guilty about these hours alone with him, but like I said, most of the time we were safely ensconced in group activities. It wasn’t some hot, steamy romance. Yeah, sure, we exchanged friendly kisses sometimes. Nothing terribly passionate, like that drunken slip-up in the limo on New Year’s Eve, but warm, pleasant exchanges that hinted of future intimacy.
I cared about him. On some level, I needed him. We got each other. We were both creative, impulsive, impetuous types.
Sometimes I thought it was selfish of me to spend time alone with him, that I should have sent him away to find a nice, attractive, available woman. But I couldn’t do it. I enjoyed being with him too much. It was like eating all the cotton candy and winning all the blue ribbons at the state fair. I couldn’t let him go.
I wouldn’t let go of Roger. I couldn’t let go of Dax. Call me weak. Call me selfish. Roger was family. Dax was fabulous. I would have done anything to keep them both, with sex, without sex, any way I could.
Roger wasn’t aware of Dax. I was very vague about the whole thing. I rarely mentioned him, and when I did I’d refer to him as “just a friend, no big deal.” I don’t know what he would have thought. At that point, we were speaking only a couple of times a month. I sometimes missed his calls, and, I must confess, I didn’t return them when he left messages. I would reply with brief, businesslike e-mails. It was pretty cold, really, but I didn’t want to talk to him. Yes, I missed Roger. But I realized that the angry, confused man he’d become wasn’t the easygoing guy I’d known and loved for years. It hurt to talk to him and have to confront the anger. Of course, I knew I was the reason for the anger. But, still, I didn’t want to deal with it.
So there I was in September 2016, working on two new design jobs, still doing the occasional Ann-Margret gig, and having this cozy friendship with Dax that sometimes overlapped into something romantic. We made small, inadvertent incursions into each other’s hearts, but neither of us wanted to hurt the other, so we were careful. And our time together was sporadic, like I said, one weekend a month, plus the weekly phone calls. Oh yes, and there were the flowers: massive bunches of wildflowers, lush bouquets of roses, tall vases of daisies and orchids. But all of this does not exactly a romance make. Or was I just fooling myself?

***** Chapter 24 *****
Didn’t Someone Once Say That 90% of Marriage Is Just Showing Up?
I never thought I’d end up going back to L.A. for a funeral, but that’s exactly what happened in November 2016, when Kelly Marsden, my former assistant at Panache, called with terrible news. Paul Guthrie, my friend, ex-boss, and the husband of my close pal, Carol, had died of a heart attack while traveling in India. He was sixty-six and appeared to be in good health, which made the news all the more shocking.
When Kelly put me on hold to take a call, I burst into tears. I couldn’t help it. It was such an unexpected blow. Like a door slamming shut that would never open again. I thought about the last time I had seen him, at lunch with Carol in Beverly Hills right before I left for Houston. He seemed so happy and content, in the prime of life really, going on and on about his golf game and a hot new designer he’d just discovered in Barcelona. I couldn’t believe I’d never see him again.
Of course, Carol was also on my mind. I wanted to grieve with her and offer my help, but Kelly told me she was flying back with the body and couldn’t be reached. The private funeral (translation: no press) would be held this Saturday in L.A., just three days from now.
Between sniffles, Kelly let me know that Carol especially wanted Roger and me at the funeral, a lavish affair to be held at the venerable Good Shepherd church in Beverly Hills, with a guest list of 300-plus. I felt nervous responding because I didn’t know how much she knew about my marital mess. Had the separation rumors reached her? What malicious dirt had Paula been spreading over the past year since our blow-up over her breakup with Gary?
“I’ll definitely be there,” I assured her. “I’ll fly in on Friday, and I know Roger will want to attend. As soon as we hang up, I’ll call him. This will be tough. They were buddies for twenty years and played golf every week. We all had such good times together.”
I was already dreading the funeral. Just thinking about it made my knees weak. But at least I’d be back in L.A., and I’d get to see Kelly. “You know,” I said sheepishly, “we haven’t talked in ages. I’ve missed you. Do you want to have dinner on Friday?”
“I’d love to,” she replied without skipping a beat. “I’ve missed you, too, especially our lunches. I’m dying to hear all about you and Roger. Paula said you two are, um, well, split for the moment. That’s not true, is it? It sounded kind of complicated. She said you tried to steal the guy she was hot ‘n’ heavy with in Vegas, and the two of them broke up because of you. I found that hard to believe. You know Paula. She puts her own warped spin on everything,” Kelly chuckled softly.
“Anyway, I can’t wait to hear all about your hot new design career,” she went on. “I saw that piece Fashionista Nation did on you. It was fabulous. I was going to call you. It sounded like your uniforms were the talk of the Strip.”
“Thanks Kelly, it’s been pretty amazing,” I admitted, though I found it hard to be excited about anything at the moment. “I have two more jobs lined up, and there could be others. I’ll tell you all about it when I see you,” I promised.
And then, in a more serious tone, “I don’t know what kind of ridiculous gossip you got from Paula, but Roger and I are only living in different cities because of the problems I had adjusting to Houston, and the demands of our careers. We’re not formally separated. And there was never anything between me and the guy she was dating. He’s a friend. We live in the same building. End of story. The reason he broke up with her was because of something she did. It had nothing to do with me. I’ll tell you about it at dinner.”
“Okay,” Kelly murmured. “I’m looking forward to it. I should be more, uh, normal by then. It’s like Grand Central around here today. The phones haven’t stopped ringing. Everyone wants to know what happened, where Carol is, when the funeral will be, who will be there, whether there will be gluten-free or vegan at the reception, what they should wear.
Just this morning I got four calls from women who said they won’t be going because they don’t own a black haute couture dress or suit, and they’re terrified of being outed by the Fashion Police patrolling the service. Can you believe it?”
As her voice trailed off, I glanced at the clock. “Yeah, I can. If the columns are going to be there, and we both know they’ll sneak in, it adds a lot of pressure. I wish I could talk longer, but I’ve got to call Roger. I’ll let you know when we’re flying in. Maybe you can get us into the Beverly Wilshire? It’s Roger’s favorite. His parents always stayed there. See if you can get us a corporate rate. Talk to Minerva Danek in Promotions. She’ll take care of it. I’ll call later with details.”
After we hung up, I felt enraged at Paula for spreading trash about Gary and me and for refusing to accept responsibility for her breakup with him. Then confusion set in. There was the delicate matter of lodging for Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair. I hadn’t even spoken to Roger yet, and I was already climbing the walls over how to handle our hotel reservations. Should we be in the same hotel? The same room? The same bed? Were separate rooms the way to go? Were Roger and I separated? If not, why should we have separate rooms?
Obviously, we needed to talk. But I wasn’t looking forward to it. We were both still reeling from our most recent clash, a trivial spat over where to spend Thanksgiving that erupted into a Mount Vesuvius of a marital melee. I’d wanted him to come to Vegas, and he agreed at first, but then he abruptly changed his mind when he heard I was doing my Ann-Margret act on Thanksgiving night. I think the whole scenario reminded him too much of his explosive visit last year. So we had separate holidays. I ended up eating pork tenderloin with Maxine at Pork Chops before my Elvis show. Roger had turkey and stuffing with the Lathams.
I was beginning to hate holidays. They seemed to magnify the confusion and uncertainty between us and put an ominous stamp of formality on our separation. People who love each other make an effort to be together on holidays, but we seemed to run for the exit. Why? Didn’t we love each other enough to make the effort?
When I reached Roger and gave him the news about Paul, he was stunned. All the recent anger seemed to fade. He couldn’t fathom how someone so healthy could suddenly keel over. After the initial shock wore off, he said that, of course, he’d fly to L.A. on Friday, and return to Houston early on Monday. I got the feeling he’d like to stay longer, but I knew how busy he was these days. The Wiggin Zoning Commission had finally approved his plans for Magnolia Crescent, and construction was about to begin.
I told Roger that Kelly would book us at the Beverly Wilshire, but I didn’t have the nerve to ask what kind of room set-up he wanted. Call me gutless, but I found it hard to ask the man I’d married twenty-two months ago if we should be in the same hotel, the same room, the same bed? Especially now. It seemed so trite, so trivial. I felt embarrassed and uncomfortable, ashamed really, about the whole situation.
After working myself into a frenzy, I finally decided on separate rooms. That way, if an argument broke out, we could get away from each other and not spend the entire night fighting. It was awkward, but I asked Kelly to book us separately and to make sure our rooms weren’t adjoining, next to each other, or even on the same floor. To avoid the FAQs about our marriage, I left a message on her voicemail. Then I e-mailed Roger that we’d be staying at the Beverly Wilshire. If he wanted to know more, he could call there.
Despite the circumstances, I really was looking forward to seeing him and hoping that our return to L.A. would ease some of the tension, and take us back to happier times. At that point, I didn’t think things between us could get much worse, but then again you never know.
I thought about ringing up Dax in New York to let him know I’d be away for the weekend, but I decided that could wait. I felt emotionally drained, plus I knew he was busy entertaining some record guys from EMI London. And hadn’t we just spoken a few days ago?
Late Friday morning, I flew to L.A. It was good to be home for the first time in two years, even if it was for a sad occasion. From the airport, I cabbed it to Rodeo and Wilshire in the heart of Beverly Hills. When we pulled up to the iconic Regent Beverly Wilshire, with its Italian Renaissance facade and rows of crisply sculpted trees, the red-and-green awnings out front were a festive reminder that Christmas was right around the corner.
Post check-in, I settled into a luxurious room adorned with European antique furniture and crimson velvet drapes. While unpacking, I tried, without luck, to get Carol on the phone. Before cutting me off to take another call, her housekeeper abruptly informed me that she’d just gotten back from India and was too tired to talk.
I felt frustrated, but what could I do? Though we’d traded a few e-mails, we hadn’t actually spoken since April of 2015 when she sold the store, arranged my severance, and took off for Hong Kong with Paul. It hurt like hell to think we were once so close, and now, at this terrible time, I couldn’t even reach her.
After attempting a brief nap, I spent the rest of the afternoon wandering around Beverly Hills, trying to get my mind off Carol and Paul as I drank in the haute-holiday atmosphere. The winding streets of Beverly Hills, my old stomping grounds, were decked out in full Christmas regalia, and never lovelier.
On both sides of Rodeo – three decadent blocks screaming money, Hollywood glitz, and mega-shopping – the boutiques looked as luscious and inviting as a box of gourmet chocolates waiting to be sampled. Reeking holiday-glam-on-steroids were extravagant window displays at Gucci, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Chanel, Christian Dior, and Valentino.
Later that afternoon, I met up with Kelly for an early dinner at one of her favorite spots, Enoteca Drago, a Sicilian trattoria and wine bar on North Canon Drive. Under a romantic cathedral ceiling of weathered stone, she was the picture of vibrancy in a red Calvin Klein dress.
Over drinks and appetizers, Kelly complained nonstop about her job at Tate-Grayson. Then we traded stories about what a great guy, and boss, Paul had been. From there, the conversation moved to Roger and me. Kelly had heard all the troubling rumors from Paula, and wanted to know if they were true.
I told her we were living in separate cities because of our careers, and left out the part about the epic arguments and ongoing tension. Then, with great excitement, I told her about my two new design jobs. She asked how long I thought I’d be living in Vegas. I said I wasn’t sure. Kelly was jolted by the news since she’d always considered Roger and me the perfect couple.
“Oh, God,” she moaned, shaking her head. “Sounds like the wheels are coming off your marriage.”
“Well, maybe one or two,” I admitted, rolling my eyes. “But not all four.”
We both laughed.
“I wish I could give you some advice,” Kelly sighed, “but I’ve never been married. I haven’t got a clue. If you’re interested, I’ll take you to my tarot card reader tomorrow after the funeral. Maybe we can get a two-for-one discount.”
“Um, no thanks, Kell, some other time,” I said, patting her hand across the table. “I don’t think she’s ready for this one. She may need a few advanced courses. In the meantime, do you have the number of a good exorcist?”
Again, we giggled. Must’ve been the Chianti kicking in.
Somehow, the conversation jolted back to Paula, and that proved every bit as juicy as my New Zealand rack of lamb. Kelly said that she and Paula regularly attended the same Saturday morning Spin class at Use It or Lose It, the gym owned by Paula’s third ex, Ron. According to Kelly, Paula was still avoiding him. She was also totally enraged that he was now dating a blonde-bombshell aerobics instructor named Brandy.
Chuckling and rolling her eyes, Kelly related how a jealous, vindictive Paula had recently locked Brandy in the gym’s steam room. The poor girl pounded on the door and screamed her head off, but no one heard her. When she finally got someone to open the door, after two withering hours, she attacked Paula, who claimed the whole thing was an accident. The two got into a classic bitch-brawl right in the locker room, with lots of pushing, shoving, hair pulling, and screeching. Ron finally called a rent-a-cop to break it up.
Kelly also told me that Paula had fled Tate-Grayson a few months back to become manager and co-owner of a trendy Melrose Place boutique called Work It, Girl. Spooning up her baked pannecotta and strawberries, Kelly leaned in and revealed the latest red-hot rumor du jour about our girl Paula. She had apparently gotten ahold of Dina Devereaux, the ultra-glam-pitbull fashion editor at the Los Angeles Courant-Express, and bartered a deal for exclusive coverage of Paul’s funeral.
In exchange for a full-length cover story on Work It, Girl in next month’s Christmas section, Paula agreed to sneak Dina into the service at Good Shepherd, where every registered fashionista and socialite in L.A. would be shamelessly strutting her stuff, and help her gather details on who was wearing what. She also promised to get Dina into the private reception afterwards at the Guthries’ Brentwood home. Of course, all this was in blatant violation of the Guthries’ press ban, not to mention journalism ethics. But hardly a surprise—sensitivity to others, living or dead, was never Paula’s strong suit.
My epic dinner with Kelly wrapped at 11:30, leaving us both giddy and tipsy. I don’t think either one of us realized how much we missed each other till we were seated at a corner table, having a heart-to-heart over a couple bottles of Tuscan red. Outside, while the valet retrieved Kelly’s car, we hugged and promised to meet up at the funeral tomorrow.
As I trooped down the crimson carpet leading to the grand entrance of the Beverly Wilshire, a wave of anxiety swept over me. What if I ran into Roger in the lobby? I felt nervous because I knew he wasn’t terribly happy with me, or our state of unholy wedlock.
The understatement of the century. Didn’t someone once say that 90% of marriage is just showing up? In bed, out of bed, in the kitchen, the living room, the dining room, wherever. Just showing up. Something I hadn’t done in a long time.
But I was also eager to see him because it would be on familiar turf in a city where we’d spent seven happy years together. Surely, that would be comforting and reassuring to both of us at this difficult time. Casting my doubts and fears aside, I strode to the front desk and quickly discovered that he hadn’t even checked in yet. Ambling to the elevator, I felt a wave of relief, but also disappointment.

***** Chapter 25 *****
Saturday, November 28, 2016
Life’s a bitch, Then You Die, but There’s Nothing Worse Than Tight Pantyhose.
As dawn broke over Beverly Hills, I looked out on a gray, rainy day. Even the profuse frippery of Rodeo Drive seemed engulfed in dreariness. But maybe it was just me. My state of mind as I contemplated going to Paul’s funeral later that morning.
Crawling back into bed, I pulled the covers over my head and asked myself over and over, why? Why did Paul have to die? He was a generous friend and former boss who believed in my talents and abilities before I even knew I had them. He made me feel special and important, as a person and an employee. It was one thing to have him fly off for a year or two to see the world with Carol, and quite another to have him disappear forever. Why did this have to happen?
For a moment, I considered calling Kelly to tell her I wouldn’t be able to make it today, that I was sick, that I’d had an allergic reaction to something I’d eaten last night – the cheese, the salami, the lamb, whatever – and I was at Cedars getting my stomach pumped. Or, if that was too drastic, maybe it could be a virus or some weird twenty-four-hour bug. Some excuse, any excuse to avoid this day, the reality of Paul’s death, and what it meant to Carol, his family, and the rest of us.
But of course, Paul’s funeral wasn’t the only thing bothering me. After hearing what Paula had told Kelly about my marriage, I couldn’t help wondering what other disgusting lies that skank had been spreading since our bitter break last year. How could I forget that awful phone fight when she called me a vile bitch for telling it like it was when it came to her three screwed-up exes?
And now, as payback, was she spewing a bunch of foul-mouthed lies about Roger and me? That we were separated. That our marriage was a disaster. That I’d bolted to Vegas after three-and-a-half months and gotten involved with her boyfriend there. That Roger and I were a fizzle between the sheets. What if she’d been spreading all this vicious tripe for the past year, and I had to walk into that church today with my husband and face all these people who’d been spoon-fed this trash?
Why subject myself to it? Why not just call Kelly first thing and tell her I couldn’t attend the funeral? That I’d come to L.A. with every intention of going, but, regrettably, I was sick and couldn’t make it, and I’d pay my respects to Carol and her family some other time. After all, there’d be hundreds of people there. Would anyone even notice if I wasn’t one of them?
A half hour later, I somehow dragged my sorry butt out of that cozy, queen-size bed and into the Carrara marble shower big enough to hold a dozen anorexic supermodels. Toweling down afterwards, I looked in the mirror and flinched at the ragged, bleary-eyed old bag looking back. Why do you always notice these things at the worst possible times? Is it just another way to torture yourself when you’re already in meltdown mode?
As I pulled a clean bra and panties out of a drawer, it hit me. No pantyhose. I’d forgotten to pack pantyhose! I needed a pair of black – not nude, not cream, not gray, but black – pantyhose, and I needed them now! If I ended up going today, and I still wasn’t sure I would, I knew the Fashion Police would be out in full force, patrolling every square inch of Good Shepherd. I had to be appropriately accessorized or risk ostracism in the Courant-Express by that snarky fashion-editor-from-hell, Dina Devereaux, and her crass, demented deputy, Paula.
So what was I supposed to do now? Call the concierge? Ring up Kelly? I dialed the front desk and got the number of the gift shop downstairs. Yes, they were open, and they carried black pantyhose. But I wasn’t dressed, and – call me quaint – I wasn’t about to walk barelegged, with wet hair and flip flops, through the lobby of the iconic Beverly Hills hotel where Warren Beatty had lived for 10 years.
Maybe I could get someone on the staff to bring up a pair? But not those itty-bitty ones meant for the size zeros around here. The largest size on the rack, please. Make it Plus. Yeah, that’s right. Extra Large. Bridget Jones-style. I could endure the humiliation. Life’s a bitch and then you die, but there’s nothing worse than tight pantyhose.
By then it was 8 o’clock. As I reached for the phone to call the front desk, it rang. Startled, I picked it up. It was Roger, of all people, sounding as pleasant as could be expected, but also a little hesitant. He was inviting me to breakfast in the elegant dining room downstairs.
It was a relief to hear his voice. But right away I felt embarrassed when I asked him to run downstairs to the gift shop to buy the largest pair of black pantyhose he could get his hands on, and bring them up. He must have thought it was some hormonal thing, but he was too polite to ask. I gave him my room number and told him that, of course, I’d love to have breakfast. Then I slipped into my sleek, black Michael Kors suit.
Fifteen minutes later, Roger was tapping politely on my door. I promptly opened it. With a bemused smile, he handed me the pink plastic bag holding the precious stockings. It was the most husbandly thing he’d done in ages, and he appeared to be thoroughly enjoying it.
We embraced awkwardly and topped it off with a shy kiss. It wasn’t much, but definitely an improvement over that tense, post-Jackson Hole reunion in the Villa lobby last year. I hadn’t seen him since then. He was thinner, a little wan, but still great looking. The twelve-hour days had aged him a bit, maybe a line or two around the eyes and a few more gray hairs, but that only made him look more distinguished.
Ah, the injustice of it. Women get older and more haggard; men become distinguished.
I dashed into the bathroom with the pantyhose, leaving the door slightly open so we could talk. Did I actually catch him peeking in at me, curiously, discreetly, as I jiggled and jostled the silky stockings over my exquisitely rippled thighs?
He asked how Carol was holding up. I could only repeat the scant but upsetting details I’d gotten from Kelly. Then I sighed and told him about my frustrations in trying to reach her, that I couldn’t even get two minutes on the phone. He must have sensed how hurt I was. When I came out of the bathroom, he reached for my hand and squeezed it.
In an effort to lighten the mood, he glanced around my room and remarked that it was larger and plusher than his. “The next time you have Kelly book us separately,” he teased with a faint smile, “I get the nicer one, okay?”
“Yeah, sure,” I said, nodding and rolling my eyes.
In the handsome, oak-paneled dining room with elaborately frescoed ceilings and Murano glass chandeliers, we waited briefly to be seated. When the white-coated maitre d’ approached and announced, “Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair, your table is ready,” Roger and I looked at each other and laughed. Was he actually referring to us? It had been so long since anyone had addressed both of us like that in the same place at the same time. When I heard the sound of our mingled laughter, so familiar yet somehow so foreign, I knew that everything was going to be all right between us. At least for the next few days.
Over fruit plates and Eggs Benedict, the mood swung back and forth between friendly and casual, and sad and reflective. We were both trying to deal with Paul’s passing and its impact on Carol. Our ongoing marital problems were on the back burner for now. Paul’s death had put everything into perspective. It gave us something more important to think about than each other, and where our marriage was headed.
After breakfast, Roger, wearing a Burberry raincoat over a black pin-striped suit, drove us out to Good Shepherd on Santa Monica Boulevard. We arrived a little before 11 AM, and were startled to find parking attendants handing out gift totes stuffed with vitamin water, Gucci sunglasses, sunscreen, spa vouchers, Belgian chocolates, and gold-plated key rings. Everything the proper mourner could want or need. The smart leather bags were being lavished on the swarms of friends, family, and business associates streaming in for this elegant affair, being staged by a peppy funeral consultant from Going Out in Style, L.A.’s premier death-style agency.
Small, twin-steepled Good Shepherd was aglow with soft light wafting from hundreds of tall white candles spiraling out of ornate bronze candelabra. Lush displays of pink and white lilies, red roses, purple orchids, and orange and yellow tulips overwhelmed the stone altar and spilled into the gleaming mahogany choir stalls. Dangling from each polished pew was an artful assemblage of creamy white roses delicately entwined with black velvet ribbons.
Midway down the nave of the 90-year-old church – where Elizabeth Taylor embarked upon her maiden matrimonial voyage, and funeral services were held for the likes of Frank Sinatra, Gary Cooper, and Rita Hayworth – Roger and I squeezed into a pew with Kelly, who was resplendent in a black Versace dress trimmed with Italian lace.
After a dramatic organ recital of “Ave Maria,” Carol’s cousin, actress Phoebe Wald, slowly ascended the stone steps leading to the pulpit and described the close bond between Carol and Paul. In her tender, crystalline voice, she then sang “Wind Beneath My Wings” as a tribute to them. Total silence engulfed the church. Even Bette Midler would have been impressed.
In the pew ahead of us was that crass, publicity-seeking villainess herself, Paula, decked out in a black Valentino suit with leather cuffs, collar, and hem. I had to hand it to her; she looked amazing. She caught my eye and flashed an icy glare. I guess the war was still on. I wanted to confront her over the malicious lies she’d told Kelly – and who knows how many others – about Roger and me. But this was hardly the time or place. Hunkered down beside her was her partner-in-crime, that skinny blonde skank of a fashion editor, Dina Devereaux, poured into an ebony-hued Dolce & Gabbana dress-jacket ensemble.
Dina, who’d done a few features on Paul over the years, was discreetly dictating designer-fashion details into her cell to a rewrite guy downtown. I couldn’t help overhearing snippets of editorial comments.
“Looking regal and poised in black Yves Saint Laurent trimmed with dyed fox fur, widow Carol Guthrie slowly made her way down the aisle of the church behind her husband’s casket.”
“Modeling-agency maven Tiffany Daniels wore classic, ruffle-trimmed Christian Dior with black leather Jimmy Choo four-inch heels.”
“Rock diva Jinx Bolton oozed biker-girl chic in a skintight Versace black leather mini-dress.”
As Dina dictated softly, the eulogies began. It was poignant to see so many people genuinely saddened by Paul’s passing. His former assistant, Marisol, broke down as she spoke movingly of their 15 years together. Other friends and family members shared reminiscences of their time with Paul. Then the minister put it all into perspective with a wise, moving sermon. Carol was in tears, and so was everyone else.

***** Chapter 26 *****
Was I about to be seduced by my husband, of all people?
After the service, on the steps outside, Paula and I couldn’t avoid bumping into each other. It was brief and frosty. Under her breath, I think she muttered, “Oh, hi, you look tired,” or some other trite comment, which I ignored. Yep, she still blamed me for the breakup with Gary.
Ambling over to her, Roger said hello, and they chatted a while. I made a beeline for Kelly and stayed by her side until Roger was released from Paula’s evil clutches.
Grabbing my husband’s arm, we trekked down a flight of stairs to a church courtyard, where a gaunt, weary Carol was greeting guests. When Roger and I finally got to her, we exchanged polite niceties. Carol, who’d always projected strength and invincibility, now seemed frail and vulnerable. She was completely enshrouded in black, from head to toe. Beneath her veil, her eyes were red-rimmed and swollen. I felt useless. I wanted to reach out and help her, but I honestly didn’t know what to say or do. I feel awful admitting this, even now, but it was almost like we were strangers, like we didn’t know each other anymore. After 25 years of friendship, how could that be?
After Roger and I embraced her, Carol smiled weakly and clutched our hands.
“Thank you for flying in from Texas. We were so happy to hear about your marriage. You two are lucky to have each other,” she whispered, her eyes wandering aimlessly between us. “My life with Paul is over, but yours is just beginning. You two have so much to look forward to. The rest of your lives… together….”
“Yes, uh, thanks. Married life is, uh, wonderful,” Roger said mechanically, with a vague smile and half nod.
“We’re, uh, so sorry about Paul,” I murmured, clasping her thin, limp arm. “We’re all going to miss him. Let us know if there’s anything we can do, any way we can help.” Yes, it was standard funeral patter, but that’s all I could come up with at that moment.
My sentiments about Paul were sincere, but I remained mum about Roger and me. What else could I do? Tell her the truth? Shatter her illusions by revealing that our marriage was basically on autopilot and we’d been living in different cities for the past 18 months? It was awkward. I didn’t want to go there, and she probably would have passed out from the shock and disappointment.
Standing stoically beside Carol was her older daughter, Amy, who invited us to the Guthrie house in Brentwood for the private reception that would begin right after Paul’s burial in Westwood Cemetery.
The luncheon, catered by Afternoon Delight, was appropriately elegant and subdued. As Roger and I wandered through the rambling Tudor mansion, we shared memories of Paul with friends and former co-workers, who offered warm, sincere congratulations on our marriage.
Talk about awkward moments. We felt foolish and hypocritical accepting them, but what else could we do? Announce to the world that we were going through a rough patch, and no longer living in the same city? Kelly was the only one who had a clue. And Paula, I guess, in her own warped way. But I was trying hard to not think about that.
Speaking of Paula, that tacky witch actually had the nerve to show up at the private reception at the Guthrie’s home, post funeral. Of course, Dina was with her. The two were circling around the spacious living room, asking people who they were wearing, and taking notes, or dictating into a recorder semi-concealed in Dina’s purse.
When Carol’s college-age son realized what was going on, he marched over to them and demanded that they leave immediately. A brief scuffle broke out. After security guards were brought in, things finally calmed down, and the mercenary fashion vixens cleared out.
A few hours later, the gathering wound down when Carol excused herself, and, flanked by her two daughters, trudged up the long, winding staircase to her quarters.
It had been a long, dramatic day, filled with more than its share of maudlin moments, like when the church’s music director mistakenly played Frank Sinatra’s “That’s Life” instead of “My Way.” As the reception came to a close, Roger and I were craving some sanity and normalcy. Given our track record over the past 18 months, it might seem strange that we would turn to each other for such things. But then again it was also perfectly normal. After all, we’d been friends and lovers for eight years, and, despite all the evidence to the contrary, we were still married. We were also back in L.A., and so, for better or worse, was our relationship.
Outside the Guthries’ Brentwood mansion, the drizzle had finally subsided. The air was fresh and cool, more like early April than late November. As a valet retrieved the car, Roger casually mentioned that today was our 22nd-month wedding anniversary. Who knew? I was taken aback by the fact that, A., he remembered, and, B., our fragmented, battle-worn union had survived that long.
Since both of us were in a sentimental mood and looking to be uplifted, we decided to mark the occasion by having dinner at our favorite restaurant, Ivy at the Shore on Ocean Avenue, where we’d had our first date. The minute we walked into this jam-packed wooden-beach-house-of-an-eatery across from Santa Monica Pier, the maitre d’ spotted us and asked where we’d been? Before we knew it, we were seated at our favorite corner table on the cozy front patio where, for the next two hours, we feasted on steamed mussels and delicate crab cakes offered up on the Ivy’s tastefully mismatched china.
While we ate, we put away more than a couple glasses of good Chardonnay and reminisced about what a great marriage Carol and Paul had had, and what wonderful friends they were. Waves of nostalgia washed over us as we recalled warm, festive holiday dinners at their house; summer barbecues by their heart-shaped pool; last-minute movie dates on Saturday nights, and their spectacular New Year’s Eve bashes. Could those golden days really be gone forever?
As we rambled on, I think it occurred to both of us that maybe it was the seemingly trivial events like these that, in totality, make for a successful marriage. But how do you go about having them when you live in different cities and e-mail each other twice a month? How do you go about having them when you’re constantly putting your careers ahead of the relationship? And how do you go about having them when you spend so much time with others that you learn to depend on them, instead of your spouse, for companionship and emotional support?
I think we both realized, at that point, that things couldn’t go on the way they were. But then again, was either one of us willing to do anything to change our current situation?
Before we got too maudlin over Carol and Paul and our own mess of a marriage, we shifted focus to a relationship with much brighter prospects: Lisa’s rekindled romance with recently divorced Travis Bixby.
Roger reported they were still going strong, and rumor-mongers were predicting a wedding next June at the Cattlemen’s Club. He reported that Dan and Clare were both now on the Travis bandwagon, and the entire Bixby clan had become fixtures at the Lathams’ Sunday night buffets.
I nodded and responded politely, “Oh, that sounds wonderful. I’m so happy for Lisa and her parents.” Then I couldn’t resist asking, in a half-teasing way, “Why didn’t anything develop between you two? Or did it? You spent so much time together. She’s pretty, conventional, smart, knows her way around a kitchen, and had a major crush on you from day one. I think she saw you as her go-to guy for happily-ever-after. If you’d divorced me and married her, you could have been Dan’s son-in-law. That would have put you in the catbird seat, personally and professionally, right?”
Roger laughed and reached for my hand. “Wend, I think your imagination’s been working overtime on Lisa and me. Yeah, we like each other, and we get along fine, but I never felt any kind of passion for her. My feelings were never romantic. She was more like a little sister.”
“Roger, please, don’t play games!” I said, rolling my eyes. “How can you be so naive? I doubt that Lisa saw it that way. I think she wanted to be the next Mrs. Roger Sinclair.”
“Well, there’s already a Mrs. Roger Sinclair, and I’m sitting here with her,” he declared, smiling and taking my hand. “What’s the point of rehashing all this? It’s not important. The thought of my ending up with her is preposterous.
“We’re married, aren’t we, you and I? And it happens to be our anniversary. Why even discuss Lisa beyond the fact that she’s happy with Travis, and they’re probably going to announce their engagement any day.”
“Roger, you may believe everything you’re saying, but I think Lisa would dump Travis in a New York minute if you were available.”
Taking a sip of Sauvignon Blanc, he shook his head.
“Well, I’m not,” he said, gazing into my eyes, stroking my hand. “And as far as I’m concerned, I’m not going to be. I’m happy for her, and frankly relieved that she finally found a guy who can give her the kind of life she deserves. Maybe now Babs will ease up on all this drivel about us and focus on them.
“She always wrote about us like we were a couple, and the truth is I never felt like I could object too strongly without offending Dan and Clare or hurting Lisa’s feelings. It was a delicate situation, so I let it go. I think most of the nonsense that gets printed in so-called ‘society columns’ is fiction. Embellished gossip and trumped-up innuendo, with little basis in reality.
“But I let them write whatever they wanted because, even though I knew it was garbage, it was great publicity for the project, and, really, who was it hurting? You were in Vegas, and I didn’t know if, or when, you were coming back. I still don’t. So who was it hurting?”
Roger had this infuriating way of explaining even the most complex issues in a simple, straightforward way that was maddeningly logical. I could never figure out if it was a gift or a curse. I guess it all depended on which side of the argument you were on.
After pausing for another sip of wine, he went on in a calm, clear voice. “Lisa and I are friends. We always will be. And I like Travis. He’s the right guy for her. He’ll be a great addition to the Latham clan, the perfect son-in-law for Clare. I don’t envy him that. She’s a great lady, in her own way, but she has high expectations, maybe too high, for whoever marries her daughter. Travis better live up to them, or she’ll make his life hell.
“And if they have kids, which I’m sure they will, Clare will be an intrusive, meddlesome grandmother, determined to control and shape every aspect of their lives. Lisa and Travis are happy now, but they’ve got some major challenges ahead.”
Then, clutching my hand and sighing, Roger alluded to the shaky state of our own union. “Enough about them. I want to know what’s going to happen with us. Maybe there’s still a chance we can be happy together.”
I was dizzy with disbelief, a little surprised, a little excited, a little confused. What did he mean? Where? How? When? My heart was racing! Could it work again? I stopped to catch my breath. I wanted to be hopeful, but so much had happened. I was putting down roots in another city. I had new friends, a new career. What about Dax? And I still wasn’t sure of Roger’s feelings for me. He hadn’t mentioned the “L” word in a long time. I wanted to be optimistic, but what I said didn’t reflect that. I couldn’t help it. It was the truth. And I had to let him know it.
“Roger, we’ve been apart for a year and a half. I went to Vegas for a long weekend and never came back. We’ve been fighting with each other ever since. Just two weeks ago, we were at each others’ throats over where to spend Thanksgiving. How can you still be hopeful about our marriage? We don’t even live in the same city.”
Caressing my hand, he gazed into my eyes as if I were the only woman in the world. This was the Roger I remembered, the man I fell in love with and spent seven happy years with. “I’m sorry about Thanksgiving,” he murmured. “And there are still details to be worked out, like who’s going to live where. But I do know I love you.
“I’ve never been able to figure out why you went to Vegas and stayed. If it was San Francisco, or London, or Paris, I might be able to understand it. But Vegas? You can almost see people holding their noses on the Strip. At least I can.”
“Roger, come on,” I broke in, shaking my head, yanking my hand away. “We’ve been over this a million times. I love the wackiness and impulsive energy of Vegas. I love the irreverence. I love my apartment, even though it has a million problems, my friends, my bosses, both my jobs. I’ve found opportunities in Vegas that I couldn’t have gotten anywhere else. That’s what has kept me there all these months.”
Roger sighed and ran his hand through his thick, dark hair. Pain and passion were flickering in his warm, brown eyes. He seemed confused. For a moment, we were silent. The muted chatter of other diners and the steady sound of ocean waves lapping the nearby shore filled the crisp, late autumn air. I looked out at the water, so cold, vast and dark. His words came tumbling out.
“Okay, you made your point. I get it. You love Vegas, your friends, your jobs. But I… just happen…to love…you. I’ve never stopped. Isn’t it obvious by now that you’re the only woman I want? It’s been hell living apart all these months, but I’ve never even thought of filing for legal separation. Not for one minute. What about you? What’s your excuse?”
I laughed and shook my head. “I don’t have one. I’ve just never been ready for that. It seemed so final, so formal. Maybe I wanted to get used to the idea we were married before I had to accept the fact we were separated? It all happened so fast. We were married one minute, went to London for our honeymoon, and the next thing I knew, I was living in Vegas.”
After a brief pause, I stared into his eyes and went on. “When we got back to Houston, things just seemed to spiral out of control. Carol and Paul sold the company and took off. I lost the job I was counting on, and then there was that disastrous dinner party, the gossip and meddling by Clare and Doris, your lack of support, the chameleons, the constant arguing. I’m still tying to make sense of it all.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” Roger admitted, nodding. “If I could go back and relive those months, I’d do things a lot differently. But let’s not get into that right now. We need to think about the future. And it’s been a rough day. Can’t we just relax for a while?”
I seconded that emotion, and we reached for dessert menus.
Later, we drove silently back to Beverly Hills, reveling in the warmth and contentment of being in each other’s company again. Everything beyond us had ceased to exist. It was just the two of us now, like the old days. The mood was flirtatious, romantic, intimate, just like that first night eight years ago. I felt nervous and excited as I contemplated what might happen next. Was I about to be seduced by my husband, of all people?

***** Chapter 27 *****
Nudging me closer to the door, he whispered, “Any chameleons in there?”
By 9, Roger and I were back at the Beverly Wilshire, glittering with so many twinkling holiday lights, it looked like a giant, jewel-encrusted bauble in the window at Tiffany’s. Up the elevator we rode. Down the plushly carpeted hall we ambled. My heart was pounding, my hands were warm and clammy. As we lingered shyly outside my room like two high school kids on a first date, Roger put his arms around me and kissed me on my cheek, then on my neck and mouth. It felt so familiar and comfortable, so warm and seductive.
Nudging me closer to the door, he whispered, “Any chameleons in there?” I laughed and shook my head. Then we threw our arms around each other and started kissing – madly, passionately, deeply. I was breathless! My knees were weak. In my purse, I groped for my key card. Somehow I found it, got it into the lock, and inside we sank, still kissing, onto the carpet. We were writhing around on the floor, all mouths, lips, and tongues – our clothes half on, half off – moaning and groaning with 18 months’ of pent up passion.
Then, of all things, the faint, persistent sound of a ringing phone. No, no, not now, I thought! But I had to get it. What if it was Carol? Prying myself loose, I tottered to my feet. Dazed, I stumbled towards the phone and picked it up. But it wasn’t Carol. It was Dax. Dax, oh my God! How did he even know I was here?
“Hi,” he murmured in that low, raspy voice of his. “I heard you were here for a funeral. I had some business to take care of at Atlantic, so I thought I’d fly out. Are you, uh, okay? You’re at the Beverly Wilshire, right?”
I was shocked to hear his voice. Like a bucket of cold water on this amorous scene with Roger. “Uh, yeah,” I said softly. “I’m fine. The funeral was today. What a surprise. How did you, uh, know where I’m staying?”
“Gary told me. I think he got it from the Villa manager. Listen, I know it’s late, but can I come over? I really want to see you. Maybe a quick drink?” he asked in a warm, vulnerable tone.
“Uh, no, not tonight,” I replied in a soft, wispy voice. As I hunched over, with my jacket open, my bra half off, I could feel Roger’s eyes boring into my back. “It’s good to hear from you, but I’ve had a long day and I really need some sleep. Maybe tomorrow.”
“Okay then, lunch? I’ll head to my place in the Hills and swing by tomorrow around noon. We can go to Shutters. It’s on the beach. Great scene, you’ll love it. If anything changes, call me on my cell. Can’t wait to see you.”
He sounded eager, nervous, like a lovesick teenager. But why now, of all times?
“Oh yeah, that’ll be fine, thanks for getting in touch.” I said blandly, since Roger had lumbered to his feet and was taking in every word. “I’ll, uh, see you tomorrow… bye.”
The minute we hung up, Roger was in my face, glaring. “Who was that? Why are you so pale?”
“That was my friend, Dax, from Vegas,” I said with a dismissive flick of the wrist. “He was in New York, but now he’s out here on business. He wanted to have a drink but it’s late, so we’re having lunch tomorrow. And I’m no paler than I was before.”
Roger’s face scrunched into a question mark. “Isn’t that the guy you met in Jackson Hole, the manager of the group that plays at Luxor?”
“Yeah, I’m surprised you remembered.”
“That was a year ago,” he cut in. “Why is he following you around now? What’s going on? You’ve mentioned him a few times. Are you two, uh, involved?”
“He’s not following me around. He has a house out here, an office, kids. And no, we’re not involved, just friends.” I said firmly.
“Oh, how sweet. And you’re seeing him tomorrow?”
“Yeah, just a quick lunch.” I answered, trying to sound casual.
“Why?” Roger demanded, grabbing my arm and pulling me toward him. I suddenly felt like we were back at the Villa that awful morning I got back from Jackson Hole.
“We’re here, we’re together. Everything finally feels right again, doesn’t it?” Roger asked, angry and hurt. “I thought we were having lunch with Carol tomorrow. Isn’t that important to you? Why do you need to see him? What’s going on?”
I shook my head. “I can’t see Carol. That’ll have to wait. I want to see Dax – I need to talk to him. I’m sorry I’m so confused. I guess I need more time.”
“More time for what?” he lashed out. “To decide what, or who, you want? We talked a lot about Lisa and me tonight, but maybe we should have been discussing you and this guy, Dax. Maybe you were asking me about her because you feel guilty about him. What’s going on with you two? I want to know. Now, goddammit!”
“Nothing! He’s a friend,” I shouted, throwing my arms up.
“Isn’t that what you said about the pilot? Maybe that was a pack of lies, too? For all I know, Paula was right when she called me from L.A. and said you were screwing around with him in Jackson, and in that rat’s nest apartment of yours. And now there’s another guy! Another friend, huh? From the look on your face and the way you acted during that call, I think it’s a lot more than that. Are you lying to me, yourself, or both of us? When you rattled off all the things that have kept you in Vegas for 18 months, maybe you left out one or two really important ones.
“Look, I’m tired, it’s been a long day,” Roger went on, shaking his head. “I’m going back to my room to get some sleep. Maybe I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Roger, you’re wrong about all this!” I cried. “I told you in Vegas I never slept with Gary, or anyone else. I haven’t been unfaithful! You’ve got to believe me. This looks bad, I know, but it’s not. It’s just circumstantial. How can you even bring Paula’s name into this? Look at the way she acted today. She’s an insecure, paranoid psycho-bitch. You can’t possibly believe her over me!”
“I don’t know what to believe,” he yelled, throwing his hands up as he brushed by me to pick up his tie. Then he pulled his jacket on, grabbed his coat off the floor, and stormed out.
“Roger, please!” I shrieked, “Don’t leave like this! Haven’t we both been through enough? Come back, please! There’s nothing going on with me and Dax, I swear. Why won’t you listen to me? Why won’t you give me a chance to explain?”
I ran after him all the way down the hall, pleading with him to come back. But then he got on the elevator, the doors closed, and I knew that was as far as I was going. I trudged back to my room, dejected, totally drained, a mess. Smeared make-up, suit unsnapped, bra unhooked, no shoes, crying. My God, I thought, were the hotel security cameras catching all this? Would I ever live down the humiliation? Back in my room, I ordered double Irish coffees from room service, guzzled them both, and promptly passed out.
Early the next morning I woke up, looked around, and thought: Where the hell am I? Back into my pillows I sank, and as the fog slowly lifted, I remembered the day, and night, before. If ever there was a time to get out of Dodge.
Fumbling for the phone, I dialed Trans West and booked a seat on the next flight to Vegas. Then I showered, got myself dressed, and cabbed it out to LAX. At the gate, I got ahold of Carol’s daughter, told her I was leaving, and would be in touch soon. Then I left a message for Kelly. I also called Dax – it was early so I knew he’d be asleep – and left word that I had to rush back to Vegas for work reasons. There was no way I was seeing him for lunch that day. I was too confused and upset.
So, yes, I guess you could say I slinked out of L.A. with my tail between my legs. But truthfully, that entire weekend had left me unhinged. There was that ridiculous early morning pantyhose meltdown, Paul’s funeral, trying to reach Carol on the phone, dealing with snarky Paula, seeing Roger again. We were getting along so well, then it all fell apart when Dax called. That was another thing. Why was Dax in L.A.? Did he really need to fly out for business, or was he afraid Roger and I would get back together? Why was he putting pressure on me now, of all times? It was all a bit much.

***** Chapter 28 *****
And I mean big!
Back in Vegas, I got a grip and quickly buried myself in work. There was plenty to go around, with my two new design jobs: a collection of saloon-girl-singer costumes for Maxine at Petticoat, and 500 Marie-Antoinette cocktailer get-ups for Chloe Royant, casino staff mistress at Vegas Versailles. Two big time creative challenges for two big-time great dames. Maxine: folksy, down to earth, what you see is what you get. And Chloe: stylish, refined, full of surprises.
It was the usual frantic round of sketching, pattern-making, analyzing fabric swatches, measuring cocktail goddesses, and running back and forth from the Strip to Desert Dolls. I was working from dawn till dusk six days a week, and welcoming it, really, as a way to avoid thinking about Roger. After L.A., I didn’t hear from him for a month. Then, out of the blue on Christmas Eve, he called to wish me a happy holiday and to apologize.
“I guess I overreacted that night,” he said sheepishly.
“That’s an understatement,” I shot back.
“I think being in L.A. again, seeing you and Carol, and having to face Paul’s death threw me,” Roger tried to explain. “I wasn’t thinking straight. I’m sorry. But you got so involved in that midnight call from the music guy, whispering and cooing into the phone like it was some hush-hush, private affair. And you went ahead and changed our plans for the next day without even talking to me. It was upsetting. Can’t you see that?”
“Whispering and cooing into the phone?” I said, rolling my eyes. “I don’t think so. It was a private conversation, yeah, but I wasn’t whispering and cooing.”
“Okay, okay, maybe you weren’t. Don’t go off the deep end. That’s what it sounded like to me. Look, the point is I’m sorry about the way I acted that night. Like I said, I was pretty upset about Paul. You get that, don’t you?”
“Yes, I guess so,” I admitted after a pause. “I was pretty upset too, but did you have to add two and two and come up with 10? And it really would have been nice if you could’ve stuck around for five minutes to hear my side of the story, instead of automatically assuming the worst and storming out.”
I was still hurt and angry because, obviously, he didn’t trust me. But there was no point in rehashing all this and getting into another fight, especially on Christmas Eve, so I accepted his apology. Then he said he had to go. There was a party at Dan and Clare’s later, and some of the construction brass were expected. Which was a big deal because Magnolia Crescent was finally going up, and it was turning into even more of a massive undertaking than anyone had predicted. There was plenty of media attention, local and national, being focused on Roger, so he was as overwhelmed with work as I was. I guess it was business as usual with us.
As for Dax, we still e-mailed and talked all the time. He was traveling to London and touring around Europe more, so his visits to Sin City were less frequent. But we did get together when he came to town, and it was always fun. We kept things light and casual and never discussed L.A. – what happened or didn’t – between Roger and me, or him and me, or whatever. Which was fine. I had to hand it to him. He was smart enough to know when to back off. You’ve got to respect that in a guy, right?
So everything was rolling right along in early 2017. Both my jobs were finished in March, and both were huge hits. I won’t bore you with details, but the saloon-girl dresses caused a sensation at Petticoat. Maxine and her bosses were over the moon. And everyone went gaga for the Marie Antoinette get-ups at Versailles. The nine-inch high platinum-blonde wigs, glittery jackets, black lace skirts, and 18th century French court shoes blew everyone away.
For weeks, print and broadcast media were all over the casino like a cheap suit. Chloe and the corporate guys were ecstatic. Bottom line: Petticoat and Versailles both ended up making a bundle, and I walked away with hefty bonuses.
Then another big break came my way. And I mean big! A few weeks after the uniforms made their debut, Chloe asked me to lunch in the chi-chi Madame de Pompadour private dining salon at Vegas Versailles. I had no idea what she wanted. Maybe she was going to pitch another job? She did, but it wasn’t what I expected.
Turns out her husband, a French surgeon who’d been involved in a two-year research project on trauma injuries at Las Vegas General, had just completed his work and was returning to Notre Dame Hospital in Paris. As Chloe methodically carved her steak tartare into precise, bite-size pieces, she told me she was going with him. She quickly added that she’d accepted a position as public relations director at Christian Dior, where she’d worked before coming to Sin City. I was totally taken aback, since I knew how much she loved her job, and Vegas. Then the bombshell: She wanted me to go with her, as her assistant!
“Are you serious?” I gasped.
“But of course, cherie!” she cried, patting my hand across the table. “You have such an impressive background in retail and design. You would be the perfect complement for me because you’re organized, creative, and you have experience in dealing with awards show stylists, designers, and clients in Hollywood. You could help us win over more of that market, teach us the ins and outs so we can get a bigger piece of the tart. Think of it! We would love to have a savvy American like you on our staff to help us deal with the important stores – Bergdorfs, Henri Bendel, Saks Fifth Avenue – from here. We’ll pay what you made at Panache, plus more.”
She’d caught me totally off guard.
“Oh, uh, thanks for the vote of confidence, but I don’t know,” I sputtered, taking a sip of Chablis to calm me down. “I, uh, love Paris. Who doesn’t? But to move there? I don’t know anyone. I wouldn’t know how to get around, or where to live. I barely know any French, just a little from high school. And my husband’s in Houston. I wanted to stay here a while, do more designing, and go back. I don’t know if I’d want to be that far from him.”
“Wendy, think of yourself, your career!” she countered, cutting me off. “This is an important opportunity. You have talent as a designer, a big background in retail, and lots of experience selling gowns for the red carpet. You would be a very good assistant for me. Dior is one of the premier fashion houses in Paris, and the world. PR there is a major job. A big challenge for a small staff. I need you.”
On and on she went, sweetening the deal.
“Andre and I will help you find an apartment on the Right Bank, or the Left, whichever you prefer. Dior will pay for French lessons. Your husband could come for a second honeymoon. Paris is the most romantic city in the world! And we know beaucoup people. You’ll meet everyone at the office, all the dressmakers and tailors in l’atelier, les vendeuses downstairs in the store.
“We’ll introduce you to all our friends, Americans and Parisians. Just think of it. You can always come back after one year if you don’t like it and take another design job on the Strip, no? Cherie, my maman told me always, it’s not the things you do in life that you regret, but the things you don’t do. This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance. Don’t throw it away!”
I mulled over Chloe’s offer for a week. I was between assignments, which made it all the more tempting. Still, it would be a seismic change. But how often does someone offer you a classy job at a legendary fashion house in Paris? Of course I had to accept. I knew Roger would hit the roof, but Chloe was right. I’d regret it for the rest of my life if I passed up this opportunity.
When I went to her office to give her the good news, she leapt out of her chair and hugged me. “You will love living in Paris!” she gushed. “It’s the most beautiful city in the world, especially in springtime. You’ll see!”
It was hard to break the news to Maxine, Paige, and Serena. Everyone was surprised and disappointed, but I issued invitations to one and all to come visit, and that perked them up. Dax was happy for me, and immediately dispatched a bouquet of lilies and tulips from Montreal, where he was checking out some bands. On the card, he promised to come to Paris soon to take me to the best restaurant in town and whisk me to the top of the Eiffel Tower, the real one this time!
Gary seemed jolted by the news, but I knew he was still hot ‘n’ heavy with Keely, plus all the girls he saw on the side, who I heard about from Peggy and Paige. As I marched beside him on the StairMaster one morning, I told him I didn’t know where I was going to stash everything I couldn’t take, and he quickly offered up his locker out in Summerlin. I was relieved because I didn’t want to get rid of these things, and if Paris turned out to be a bust, I could be right back here next year.
I spent an entire night cramming 20 boxes with linens, cookware, clothes, and shoes from my Mall Meltdown; plus sketch pads, garters, and fabric swatches from my design jobs, and some vintage goodies I’d picked up antiquing with the girls. A few days later, Gary loaded everything in Bud’s pick-up and drove it all to his locker out in Summerlin. I was grateful and relieved for his help.
Saying goodbye to the playboy-pilot was hard. A friendly kiss outside my apartment door quickly turned passionate. More like a beginning than an end. But it was the end, wasn’t it?

***** Chapter 29 *****
Paris, May 2017
A Spring Break From Sanity
Within weeks, the news of my impending move had spread like wildfire. Everyone seemed to know. Except Roger. We were rarely in touch. I went back and forth about whether or not to tell him. But I knew he’d just try to talk me out of it, so I decided not to. There were so many layers of anger with him. Maybe it was justified, maybe it wasn’t. Either way, I couldn’t deal with it. Besides, we’d already been apart two years, and I wasn’t about to go to Houston, and he wasn’t about to come to Vegas, so what difference did it make whether I was a mile off the Strip or a stone’s throw from the Seine?
I left for Paris in May 2017, almost two years to the day since I flew into McCarran for my girls’ weekend with Paula. I knew I’d miss the quirkiness of the Villa and its wacky but lovable residents, from Bud and Connie, to the Marauding Munchkins. But with Chloe and Andre’s help, I soon found a charming two-bedroom flat in a stately 19th century building on Rue Lisbonne, a quiet, tree-lined street in the 8th Arrondissement.
After I got settled, I e-mailed Roger and broke the news. (My new mantra was fast becoming: it’s easier to explain later than to ask permission up front.) I included my new address and phone number and asked him to forward some of my unpacked boxes from L.A. Of course, he was shocked and furious and called me pronto.
“Let me get this straight, you moved to Paris because you got a job at Dior? My God, when did all this happen? I know I’m just your husband, but don’t you think you should have told me you were moving out of the country? All you had to do was pick up the phone!” he bellowed, steaming mad.
“Roger, I’m sorry,” I said defensively, “but everything happened so fast. I know how busy you are. I didn’t want to put all this on you in the middle of construction. I got here a few weeks ago. It’s a great job; I love working with Chloe. My apartment’s cozy and comfy. And let’s face it, you weren’t about to come to Vegas and I wasn’t about to go to Houston, so we were apart anyway. We’re still just a phone call or e-mail away, right?”
“Wendy, you can talk up this new job and apartment of yours all you want, and pretend that Paris is a hop from Texas, just like Vegas,” he lashed out, “but it sounds like you’re running away again, and this time even farther.
Is this Part 2 of your ongoing midlife crisis? How much longer is this craziness going to go on?”
“I’m not running away from anything,” I yelled into the phone. “I got a great job offer in Vegas, and I took it. And I’ll probably be glad I took this one, too. Maybe I’m in a midlife crisis, whatever that means, maybe I’m not. I don’t know, and I don’t care. I love it here. I’ve always wanted to live in Paris. Who wouldn’t?”
“So what is this, Little Wendy, Happy at Last?” he asked bitterly. “While you were caught up in all this Dior-Paris stuff, did you ever stop to think of how your bizarre behavior might be affecting others, first and foremost, me?”
His icy tone caught me totally off guard. Yeah, he was upset big time. But what could I expect? With my heart racing, I shot back, “Bizarre? What’s so bizarre about my behavior? Chloe offered me a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and I took it. Your life revolves around your job, so why shouldn’t mine? Why is it bizarre when I make a smart career move, and brilliant when you do it?”
“Because I discussed the project with you before I took it.” he barked. “You knew exactly what I was doing, and you agreed to it. But you didn’t have the decency, or common courtesy, to discuss any of this with me. You just took matters into your own hands, moved to another city, and now another country, and sent a goddamn e-mail informing me of your whereabouts.
“Just when I think it can’t get any worse, it does. How can you possibly compare what I did to what you’ve done – twice?”
“Roger!” I shrieked. “Please, let’s not get into all this! The last thing I want is to argue with you. Would you just get a grip and calm down? What’s done is done. I’m here. And I’m planning on staying a year or two, at least. I love working at Dior. And living in Paris is even more exciting than I thought it would be. It’s like being back in college. Every day’s an adventure.”
“Calm down? You want me to calm down? You have a helluva lot of nerve!” he hollered. “Talk about college. This is more like a spring break from sanity. Dan and Clare already think you’re a total nut job!”
“Roger, if you don’t stop,” I warned, “I’m going to hang up, and we’ll go back to an e-mail marriage. Yelling at me, trying to make me feel guilty, and telling me what Dan and Clare think won’t change anything. Can’t we have a civilized conversation about this?”
He was quiet for a moment, then let out a sigh. “You’re throwing a lot at me. It’s been what, five minutes? I need some time to wrap my brain around this.” After another lull, he asked in a slightly more civil tone, “So what happened to your jobs on the Strip? I thought you were signed up for life. And that fleabag apartment of yours? Didn’t you have a lease?”
“I was between assignments, so it was a good time to go,” I answered, trying to make all this sound logical, rational, well-thought-out. “Cindy’s sister is moving down from Fargo; she’s going to be the new Ann-Margret back-up,” I went on, “and two Crazy Girls from the Riviera took my apartment. I had a six-month lease, but there’s a waitlist a mile long for the Villa, so it wasn’t a big deal to leave on short notice.”
Roger groaned. I could just see him running his hand through his thick, dark hair, which was getting grayer by the minute.
“Wendy, I can’t control you, or what you do,” he finally said, sighing again. “I have enough trouble keeping up with my own life. I hope this new job works out for you, and that it’s not one of those things that sounds too good to be true because it is. I just hope you know what you’re doing, making a move like this so impulsively.
“That being said, you know I’ve always loved Paris. I think I’m coming over early next year for an architecture conference. If you can squeeze me in, maybe we can get together for dinner and a stroll around the Palais Royal? I don’t know what else to say at this point. I’m speechless about this latest development.
You caught me totally off guard. I guess you’re moving on with your life, and what I think, or want, doesn’t matter. Why should that surprise me? It’s par for the course with us.”
“Roger,” I cut in, “like I said, this all happened so fast. I found out about the job, and, boom, three weeks later I was here. Of course I’d love to see you if you come over. It couldn’t possibly be worse than your visit to Vegas, could it? Or should I not bring that up? Let me know when you’re coming, and I’ll pencil you in!” I added coyly.
“Very generous of you, Mrs. Sinclair.” Roger fired back sarcastically. Then he cracked, “Just a gentle reminder, dear, we are still married. Two years of wedded bliss, right?”
“Two-and-a-half, honey,” I corrected.
“Well, time flies when you’re….” he replied with a bitter little laugh. “By the way, I just want to confirm one thing with you. You said this Parisian adventure is about a job at Dior. There doesn’t happen to be a hotshot music manager from L.A., or a pilot from Vegas, involved?”
“No!” I cried. “I’m on my own over here. It’s all business, Roger. Don’t even go there.”
“Well, you can’t blame me for being curious, can you?” he asked. I didn’t answer. Then, just as I thought we were finished, he cleared his throat nervously and added a postscript.
“Hey, Wendy,” he piped up. “I know you’ve got a lot on your plate right now. I guess we both do. But one of these days, don’t you think we should talk about the future? The serious stuff, you know, about where all this is heading. You and I. After all, there comes a point where there are decisions that have to be made.”
Now you know why I didn’t call him before I left for Paris. The last thing I wanted, or needed, was to get into all this heavy stuff over the phone. Yes, of course, what he was saying was right, but I wasn’t ready to confront the big issues just yet. It was still too difficult, too sensitive. I wanted to keep all our options open. We both needed more time, didn’t we?
“Yeah, well, can’t we deal with the future a little later?” I blurted, embarrassed and at a loss for words. “In the meantime, could you send the L.A. boxes? We’ll talk about the future at some point, I promise, in person, when I’m more settled and things with our careers aren’t so hectic, okay?”
Dead silence on the other end. Then Roger replied faintly, his voice fading and crackling into cyberspace, “Okay, Wendy. We’ll talk when I come over. I’ll send the boxes next week. I’ve got to go. My cell’s dying. Bye.”
I just stood there holding the phone, trying to absorb the stunning silence, as sharp and jagged as cut glass, as dark and final as a black velvet curtain crashing down.
That same pang of anxiety mingled with guilt and confusion I always got after the Vegas calls was back. When I finally hung up, I sank onto my rose-colored sofa and went over every word. I couldn’t figure out what the hell was going on with Roger and me. But whatever it was, I guess the handwriting was on the wall. He had gotten as used to living without me as I had to living without him. Hmm. Was that a good thing or a bad thing?

***** Chapter 30 *****
Spring-Summer 2017
Life in Paris
My first few months in Paris, I actually heard from Maxwell more than I did from Roger. No surprise there. My old loved clueing me in on the latest happenings in Houston, and hearing all about my exciting new life in Paris. In June, I got a long e-mail from him when Lisa tied the knot with Travis in a lavish ceremony at the Cattlemen’s Club.
He said there were pictures of Roger dancing with Clare, and that journalistic Jezebel, Babs, splashed them across the Daily Herald’s society pages. Was there no end to what that man would do to advance his career? A month later, he mentioned that Babs was already hinting of a possible pregnancy for Lisa. Like anyone would be surprised by that.
By the summer of 2017, I’d been in Paris a few months, and everything was peachy. Roger had sent my boxes, so I finally had most of my stuff under one roof, and it felt like home. My job was going well. Every day I pinched myself when I walked into Dior’s corporate headquarters on tree-lined Avenue Montaigne.
An austere wrought iron fence surrounds this dove-gray concrete mini-palace with a regal, scalloped awning out front. Tall French windows on the upper floors lend an upscale country-house feel. It’s one of those places that manages to be both intimidating and welcoming at the same time, a cozy French fashion house that’s also an iconic landmark.
I found Paris to be truly magnifique. There were gourmet food emporiums and lush flower stalls all over the place. It was shockingly clean, with more highbrow bookstores, museums, and galleries than you could visit in a lifetime. Twenty splendid arrondissements (neighborhoods) reeking good taste, culture, and sophistication. I had gone from a city overflowing with Old West kitsch to one brimming with Old World charm.
But I’d be lying if I said I didn’t miss La-La-Land, not to mention the 24/7 wackiness and tackiness of the Strip. There was no place like Albertson’s on the Left Bank, or the Right. The gourmet grocery stores didn’t have slot machines. And there was nothing on the Champs Elysees like Come and Get It, Dottie’s Video Poker, Cuppa Cuppa Burnin’ Love, or the Terrible’s $9.99 prime rib special.
So, yeah, I got a bit homesick sometimes. Keeping in touch with friends helped. There were regular e-mails from Kelly in L.A. Carol also checked in a couple of times a month. She was slowly emerging from the shell she went into after Paul’s death, and doing some freelance design work for Saks. She was looking forward to coming over for fashion week in the spring of 2018. We were planning to hang out together between shows, just like the old days.
And I had a long, juicy chat with Paige every week. She usually called on Sunday when she got home from Petticoat at 3 or 4 am, which is about noon in Paris. I loved hearing about the cocktailers, Stardealers, and the latest goings-on with Gary, Keely, Daryl, and Serena.
But all that went on the back burner once Paige got engaged to Brian. They were planning a swanky wedding in Beverly Hills in the summer of 2018, compliments of Paige’s high-powered lawyer-father. Afterwards, they would settle in Vegas. Brian had snagged a reporter job at the Review-Journal, and the happy couple were house-hunting in Henderson. When Paige called to tell me, she sounded more excited than I’d ever heard her. There was just one problem: Paula.
“She’s back together with Ron, and since she’s my maid of honor, she wants him at the wedding, which is fine, but Daddy’s furious,” she fretted. “Ron hasn’t stopped gambling, so Daddy doesn’t want him with Paula. But she refuses to listen. They’re already living together at her condo. I don’t know how I’m going to keep Daddy away from him at the wedding.”
“Wait a minute!” I cut in. “Run that by me again. Ron and Paula are back together? How? When did this happen?”
“A few weeks ago,” Paige replied. “Their German Shepherd, Keno, was deathly ill, and it wasn’t an overdose of Valium this time. He ate some dog food that was tainted with killer bacteria and got really sick, so Paula rushed him to a pet ER in Santa Monica and they said the poor thing might not make it.
“She thought Ron should know, so she called him. You knew he was Ron’s dog till Paula got custody of him in the divorce, right? So she called him, and he rushed to the hospital to hold Keno’s paw, and her hand.
“Well, one thing led to another, you know Paula. And they started going to lunch and dinner, and spending long hours in the waiting room comforting each other and talking. Long story short, Keno ended up making a full recovery. I swear that dog has more lives than a cat. And they got back together. Daddy went ballistic when he found out. You know, he’s always been so possessive of Paula. She’s a total Daddy’s Girl. So she’s with Ron again, and Ron has always blamed Daddy for the divorce. He’s still gambling, but Paula says he stopped seeing other women.”
“My God,” I gasped. “I can’t believe it. I never thought those two would get back together. Keno’s a miracle worker. Roger and I should get a dog! I don’t know how you’re going to put Ron and your father together in the same room. Maybe you should hire security.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Paige said, sighing. “What will Mom say? And Brian’s parents? They’re from Pasadena. They’ll never understand.
“I’ve also invited Gary and Keely, but now I’m afraid of what Paula might do to them. What if she tries to attack Keely? You just never know with her. She’s my sister and I love her, but she’s so unpredictable!”
I felt bad for Paige, wracked with anxieties when this should have been the happiest time of her life. I didn’t know how to advise her when it came to her high-powered father or her high-strung sister. I was sad I would miss the wedding, but also glad because I didn’t want to run into Paula. She had turned Paul’s funeral into a tawdry three-ring circus, and, knowing her, the same thing could happen at Paige’s wedding.

***** Chapter 31 *****
An Unconventional Courtship
By the fall of 2017, I’d been in Paris five months, and my life seemed fairly settled. There was constant excitement at Dior, with the buzz around Galliano’s cutting-edge collections and the steady hum of activity in the store, patronized by a dazzling array of French actresses, socialites, and European royalty. And our awards-show biz was gaining steam, thanks to my connections in L.A. It was one thing after the other, which was fine, because I didn’t have time to dwell on the fact that I didn’t have much of a social life. Yes, there were occasional dinner parties at Chloe’s, my twice-weekly French lessons at Lutece Langue, and a flurry of fashion events and staff functions, but I certainly wasn’t dating. Everything with Roger was still up in the air. Every couple of weeks, we e-mailed or talked, but it was basically a long-distance marriage on autopilot.
Then one day out of the blue, two dozen pristine white roses appeared in my office. Hands down, prettiest flowers I’d ever seen. Guess who?
I hadn’t spent any time with Dax since last spring when we had dinner a month before I left Vegas. He still called and e-mailed, but now that he was flying all over, touring and scouting new talent, it was less often. I found myself thinking about him more and more, and missing him. The fun, the dinners, the off-the-wall humor. He was so soulful and sexy. And his voice made me melt—warm and playful, yet strong, like being enveloped in testosterone-drenched honey.
There was nobody like him, and no one could make me laugh like he did. Anyway, the flowers were over-the-top. Everyone in the office oohed and aahed in that typical French way, and the card was textbook Music Man: cute, charming, brash.
“So Wendy, how does it feel to go from the City Of Lights to the City Of Light?” he’d scrawled in that chicken-scratch of his. “I’m touring around Europe these days with a rock band called Mojito, and will be coming soon to a theater near you. How ‘bout dinner? Maybe even French food? I know just the place. Will call first week of November w. details. Keep your motor running, baby. Dax.”
Sure enough, in early November he left a message that he would show up at my office the following Friday at six, with a number for me to call. Of course it was voicemail, and of course I said, Oui!
I was so excited about seeing him again that I made an appointment pronto for styling and highlights with Chloe’s hairdresser, Gilles, who had a shop in The Marais. And, just like before our New Year’s Eve dinner two years ago, I went overboard trying to figure out what to wear. Rifling through my closet for hours, I searched for something that would be chic but not too sexy. I didn’t quite know what I was looking for because I didn’t quite know what I was doing with Dax. It was that same, familiar confusion. Was this a “date,” or a friendly get-together between two people catching up? And if I was still married to Roger, why was I going on a date, if it was a date?
By the time Friday night rolled around, I was a nervous wreck. At the stroke of 6, a big, black limo pulled up in front of the office and Dax hopped out, looking cool and cute like a rock star. All that was missing were the groupies, entourage, and hangers-on.
The Dior security people let him up, and the next thing I knew he was standing in my elegant, high-ceilinged office. My heart skipped a beat when we kissed. It was light and casual, but we both lingered. There was that familiar scent of mingled leather and aftershave that always made me feel light and fluttery, and then like I was sinking.
He looked good, a little thinner, maybe, grayer, a bit tired, but still handsome in that rumpled, unshaven way of his. Behind the glasses, his baby blues drank in every inch of me from head to toe. I was wearing a black wool pantsuit, Dior of course, with a white satin collar and cuffs, and a pearl and diamond necklace. As soon as I saw him, I had second thoughts about the outfit. Maybe it was too prissy? He noticed right off that I’d lost a couple pounds and my hair was slightly longer and more layered.
After I gave him a tour of the office, he cracked, “You’ve come a long way, baby, from Petticoat Junction!” Then he helped me into my coat and we hustled downstairs, where his driver, Claude, a friend and the drummer for Nuage Darrieux, was waiting.
To avoid the bumper-to-bumper traffic on Avenue George V, we zigzagged through a maze of tree-lined Parisian side streets. In late fall, the leaves of the maples were bright crimson, the horse chestnuts fading fast, and the oaks a blaze of golden-honey-browns.
Claude cruised down stately Avenue Champs-Elysees onto Friedland, made a right at Rue Lamennais, and pulled up to #15, Taillevent. Dax had been here many times and had booked a table weeks ago. I remembered how impressed I was with the rustic Spanish style of Picasso at Bellagio, and this place was just as striking, but in a different way. It was an 1852 townhouse that had been owned by a duke and converted into a restaurant in 1946.
When we walked in, it took my breath away: warm, yellowish-beige walls accented with dark-wood paneling, crystal chandeliers, tall windows dressed with luxurious velvet drapes, silver bowls filled with fresh flowers everywhere. So intimate and homey, yet tasteful and sumptuous. Dax shook the maitre d’s hand, and, in fractured French, promised to get his kids tickets for the upcoming Mojito concert at Olympia Hall.
While we nibbled escargots drizzled with garlic-butter and herbs, Dax rambled on about his recent travels to Dublin, Vienna, and Madrid, touring with the group and scouting new talent for Boomerang. The company was growing fast. A few high-powered execs had just been hired away from Atlantic, and two of them were going to manage the New York office, which meant Dax’s stint there was over, and he’d be spending more time in London.
I think he said something like, “I hope that means we’ll be seeing each other more often, preferably unchaperoned.” I guess he was referring to all those weekends in Vegas when we hung out with the other couples? I didn’t know if he was being serious or putting me on, so I muttered something trite like, “Yes, that would be fun,” and we moved on.
After filling him in on all the latest at Dior, I told him I loved being Chloe’s assistant but was looking forward to dipping my toe in the design waters soon. He’d been to Vegas a few months back to catch a Posse concert and had seen my saloon-girl costumes at Petticoat and the Marie Antoinette get-ups at Versailles. He raved about both and said he’d run across glowing reviews in the local mags. That put a smile on my face. I instantly thought of Maxine and hoped she was taking advantage of the good PR.
As we moved on to pistachio-crusted sea bass with fennel sauce and savory crayfish cassoulet, talk moved to our personal lives, or what there was of them. I told him I was still married, of course, and that put a damper on my ability to date, which was fine because I was concentrating on my career at the moment and still trying to get settled. He smiled and said he wasn’t seeing anyone either because of all the travel. “You can’t hit a moving target,” was how he put it.
Then, out of nowhere, he asked me what had happened in L.A. on the funeral weekend, when he flew in from New York, called me at the Beverly Wilshire, and I took off for Vegas the next day.
“I never understood why you went back so suddenly. We were going to have lunch, but you left a message the next morning that you had to get back to your design jobs. Was Roger with you when I called? Did something happen between you two?” he asked, trying to sound casual as he took a sip of wine.
“Sort of,” I replied, rolling my eyes. “We were in my room saying goodnight when you called. We’d just had dinner and everything was fine. We weren’t arguing or anything. We were getting along better than we had in a long time. Then you called and he went into a jealous meltdown and stormed out.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“It’s okay. If it hadn’t been that, it would have been something else. I think the funeral really threw him. He was being extra sensitive. He overreacted; that’s all.”
“Yeah, but you left the next day. It must have been some overreaction to drive you out of town like that.”
I hesitated. The last thing I wanted to do was talk about that night. It was a downer, a bit embarrassing, and we were having such a good time. Why dredge all that up? But then I thought, what the hell, he’s a big boy, he can take it, so I took a deep breath and spilled.
“Well, after we hung up, Roger said he felt like you and I were more than friends, that from the way I was acting on the phone, I had feelings for you that went beyond friendship. And he was shocked that I was going to see you the next day because we were supposed to meet my friend whose husband died. So he got upset and walked out.”
“Maybe Roger’s a whole lot smarter than I’ve given him credit for,” Dax said with a smile. “By the way, how are things going with you two these days? What does he think of your being over here for this new gig?”
“We talk, or e-mail, every couple weeks, mostly about household stuff,” I answered, shrugging. “It’s basically civil. He thinks I’m running away again, and that I’m still in the middle of the midlife crisis from hell. Which may or may not be true. Who knows? Anyway, I think he’s coming over in a few months for an architecture meeting, and we’re supposed to get together to, uh, talk.”
“But he wouldn't come to see you in Vegas?”
“Right. He detested the place and couldn’t stand my apartment. Refused to come and see me. He was there once, when I got back from Jackson, and made the weekend hell for both of us.”
“So he’s willing to see you in Paris, but he wouldn’t spend any time with you in Vegas?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“That sounds flimsy. Arrogant son of a bitch. I mean, if the guy’s your husband, if he loved you, he would have gone to Vegas, right?”
“I don’t know. It’s, uh, complicated,” I said softly, shaking my head and reaching for my wineglass. “I guess Roger has a lot of anger toward me. As far as he’s concerned, I walked out on him after three-and-a-half months of marriage and went to Vegas for a long weekend that never ended. Now I’m over here. Plus he’s really busy with his project. It’s turning into a 24/7 job.”
“Don’t make excuses for him. From what I’ve heard, he deserved to be left!”
As I took another sip of Pouilly Fumé, I was struck by Dax’s comments. In all the time I’d known him, he had never said anything negative about Roger. He usually pretended he didn’t exist. Why the sudden change in attitude? I didn’t have a clue, but there was something else I wanted to know even more.
“As long as we’re talking about that weekend, why did you fly out to L.A. when I was there for the funeral?” I asked, putting the ball back in his court. “Did you really have business? Or was it something else?”
“Okay, Wendy, you busted me,” he admitted sheepishly. “Yeah, I had clients to see. I do have a house in the Hills and my kids were in town, but truth be told, I did go out there to see you. When Gary told me you went to L.A. for a funeral, I automatically assumed the hubby would be flying in, and I got a little insecure. So yeah, I flew out to spend time with you. That’s all. I didn't mean to scare you, or put any kind of pressure on you. I just wanted to see you.
But if I ended up enraging the hubby and sending him into a jealous tailspin, so be it. I can’t say I regret that. I regret that it caused you pain, but I don’t regret that it upset him. The hell with him! He thinks enough about himself. And you think about him. Why should I think about him, too?”
After I heard Dax’s explanation about his late-night call to the Beverly Wilshire, I felt a little silly for running away the next day. Maybe I should have stayed and had lunch with him? No, looking back, I wouldn’t have wanted him to see me like that, dazed and dejected. Getting out of L.A. the next day was the right thing to do.
By the time dessert arrived, Dax was back to his jovial self, regaling me with tales of life on the road with Mojito. On and on he went about the crazy hours, girls hiding out in hotel rooms, logistics of flying to a different city every day, and the jealous wives and girlfriends showing up out of the blue, throwing tantrums over groupies and nonstop partying. It made my life at Dior sound like a church picnic.
As we polished off our soufflés and took our final sips of champagne, Dax called Claude on his cell and told him to come fetch us. Then he reached into the pocket of his leather jacket and pulled out two tickets to the top of Eiffel Tower. It was already 9:30, but the iconic 1,063-foot iron structure would be open till midnight. He insisted that we go to commemorate our giddy lunch at Eiffel Tower restaurant in Vegas on New Year’s Day almost two years ago.
I was thrilled. Would you believe I’d never been there? Fashion weeks were always so hectic, I’d never had the time. I was excited about seeing it for the first time with Dax, and at night when the views are so stunning.
Claude, a native Parisian, knew the city’s streets like the back of his hand. Within minutes, he’d guided the limo from sedate Rue Lamennais onto bustling Avenue George V, and across the dark, still Seine to the Left Bank. Then he dropped us near the Tower on Avenue Gustave Eiffel and took off for the Trocadero, where he planned to wait for us in a jazz cafe. As we got out of the limo, Claude slipped Dax a black velvet sack with a bottle of champagne in it, and two glasses. Did this guy think of everything or what?
I was awed by the sleek, soaring Tower, so Art Nouveau yet classic. It seemed twice as tall as the one on the Strip, but just as brightly lit, like a giant, glittering, iron-sculpted jewel. Its shimmering reflection on the Seine was mesmerizing.
The weather was cool, about 45 degrees, so I was glad I had a coat. We stepped into a huge glass elevator with twenty other people, a few of them Americans, and rode to the first platform. Then another elevator lugged us to the top. As we slowly made the ascent, Dax and I stood close, drinking in the nearness of each other. When he wrapped his arm around me and pulled me close, I wanted to lean into him, nestle my head in the thick, crinkly shoulder of his leather jacket, and bury it there forever.
Could he feel my heart pounding? Was his doing the same? And if I moved my head to the left three inches, just three inches, and looked up into his eyes, would we have kissed right then and there and fallen hopelessly and helplessly in love forever? Three inches, that’s all we were, three inches from forever. And then the elevator stopped.
The doors lurched open. Out we stumbled into the cool, damp air. And suddenly there we were, at the top of Eiffel Tower on a Friday night in early November, 1,000 feet up, looking out on Paris and its suburbs for 40 miles, with a million twinkling lights all around us. I felt breathless, dizzy. Dax took my hand and led me to a secluded corner of the terrace. Putting his arm around me, he cracked, “All that’s missing is Elton Johns’ mug grinning at us from across the Strip.”
I giggled. Who needed champagne? I was already drunk!
Dax uncorked the bottle, poured a glass, and handed it to me. As I sipped and took in the panoramic view, he grew serious.
“Wendy,” he said nervously, staring into my eyes and looking more vulnerable than I’d ever seen him. “I admit it’s been an unconventional courtship, with your being married and all. But I consider that a technicality that can easily be taken care of.”
“What are you—” I blurted, shaking my head and searching his eyes for clues about what was coming next. But he wasn’t listening.
“I love you,” he whispered, kissing me lightly and stroking my cheek with the back of his hand. “I’ve loved you since the day we met in Jackson two years ago. I tried not to. I saw other women. I worked twelve hours a day. I flew all over the world, babysitting bad-boy rockers and watching mediocre bands willing to sell their grandmothers up the river for a record deal.
But at the end of the day, none of that mattered. At the end of the day, there was you, only you. I never stopped thinking of you, wanting you, needing you. So I admit, I failed. I failed miserably at trying to keep my distance and respecting this charade of a marriage you’re in.
“I’m moving to London to be closer to you. That’s the truth. I would’ve moved to Vegas. I would go anywhere. I brought you here for a reason. The Eiffel Tower in Vegas is impressive, but it’s just an imitation, like your marriage. This is the real thing, like me. I’m the real thing. You’ll see….”
And then, as if this night could get any more surreal or romantic, he pulled a little black box out of his pocket.
“Will you marry me?” he asked.
I stared into his eyes, stunned, as I opened the box. The diamond ring inside took my breath away. My heart was racing. Suddenly I was laughing and crying all at the same time, on top of the world! I forgot about Roger and everything else. Everything important in the world seemed to be standing there, right in front of me.
“Yes! Yes!” I gasped, taking my wedding band off and putting my new ring on. And then? Don’t ask. What happens in Paris stays in Paris!
# # # #
Note to Readers of A Slot Machine Ate My Midlife Crisis: I hope you enjoyed my novel. Please revisit the site it was purchased on and leave a short review expressing your impressions of the book. Many thanks and keep reading! Irene Woodbury
