
A VERY WICKED MAN 

by

Daniel Nosal
 


Copyright 2018 Daniel Nosal
 All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition

Cover Design and Formatting by Caligraphics


Chapter 1

 “I never imagined I would meet someone like him,” Felicia babbled as she picked at the scar on the inside of her wrist - an odd habit that would arise whenever she was feeling nervous, or excited - “so elegant, yet so rugged, and so - handsome.  A man who reads!  Boccaccio, Thomas Hardy….  Flaubert!”
 She fumbled with a teapot as she poured a cup for her friend, and then continued. 
“I don’t know why Julian would seem so interested in me,” she said.  “I’m not someone who could be thought of as…attractive.   But he was so kind, and he said he would call.  Oh, I have so little experience with men.  What do you think, Millicent?  Do you think that he’ll call?”
She smiled hopefully at her friend, who always smiled back.  Millicent was a primly dressed, very large Victorian doll.

Chapter 2

Julian studied the chessboard with a look of concern.  His position seemed hopeless, so he took a moment to look up and let his eyes wander around his library, with its old shelves full of rare books, its priceless furnishings, antiquities, and artwork, and its tall, frescoed ceiling.  It was his favorite of the thirty-two rooms in his home, the one into which he had been born fifty-three years before, the one which he had left at age six to attend boarding school, and the one to which he had returned when his widowed father passed away, leaving Julian the mansion and more money than he could count.
Sitting across from him, Milo - smaller, delicate, and a little prettier than a man should be - Julian’s best friend since they had met on their first day at boarding school, each drawn to the other by that special, budding debauchery that only old money can spawn - pushed his pawn to D-5.  He tapped the chess clock, stopping his timer, and setting off Julian’s.
Julian returned his attention to the board, but then stopped his clock, resigning the game.
“There’s nothing I can do to keep your Rook from getting in,” he said.  “And from there it’s fatal.”
“It’s true, I’m afraid,” said Milo.
Julian looked up with a small, forced smile, pained by the defeat.  Milo returned a larger, happier smile.
“The benefit of wealth:” said Milo, “we have time to indulge in our little obsessions.  I’ve been studying the Queen’s Gambit lately.  I suspect I know its variations better than you at this point.”
“It would seem so,” said Julian.
He added a touch of cognac to their snifters, and then held his aloft.
“To our little obsessions,” he smiled.
“Here, here,” said Milo, raising his.
They both sipped.
“So,” Milo said, “I’m surmising from your toast that perhaps there’s a new obsession tugging at you.”
“Perhaps,” said Julian.
“Oh?  Do tell.”
“I’m not sure that I’m ready to.”
“Oh, that’s not fair…”
Julian’s look turned serious.
“This one is different,” he said.
“How so?” asked Milo.
“This one is dark.”
“That wouldn’t be a first for you.”
Julian swirled his cognac, admiring its texture.
 “Darker,” he said.
“Oh?” said Milo.  “Now I’m hopelessly intrigued.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“No,” he said.  “It’s too soon.  It’s not ripe.”
“Well, at least a hint, or you’ll be a bore.”
“A hint….  Alright, no harm in that.  I’m dating.”
“You’re dating?”
“In a manner of speaking.” 
“I’m shocked.”
“Oh?”
“Well…yes.  I would think it would be too soon, after your affair with…”
“Ah-ah,” Julian said as he raised his hand, stopping Milo in mid-sentence.
“Yes, I know,” said Milo.  “You never want to hear her name again.”
“Especially in this room….”
“Why in this room?”
“Because it’s here,” Julian said as he gazed around dreamily, “where I’ve spent so many nights, imagining a thousand different ways of killing her….”
“Were there any that seemed especially appealing?”
“Oh, they were all appealing in their own way, some for their brutality, some for their slow, painful delight….”  
Julian took a lingering sip, and then continued.
“And you know, Milo?” he said.  “During those reveries, I’ve come to believe that every man of genius, at some point in his life, turns his thoughts to pulling off the perfect murder, if for no other reason than the challenge of thinking up a way to do it, undetected.  Even if one were to have no motive, the intellectual exercise, just on its own, is exquisite.”
“Did you come up with any?”
“No.  I thought I had several times, but I always found a flaw.”
“So, tell me, if you could murder her, knowing that you would never be caught, would you actually do it?”
Julian smiled.
“Milo,” he said.  “You know me so well.  What do you think?”
“You’re right; it’s a silly question.  Of course you would.  But again, my initial shock.  Dating?  Don’t you feel it’s a bit soon?”
“No.  It somehow feels as though it’s part of my...healing process....”
“Huh.  It’s hard to imagine you actually having one of those.”
Julian smiled.
“In my own way,” he said, “perhaps I might.”
“So, who are you dating?”
“There are several that I’ve met.”
“Anyone I know?”
“Hardly,” Julian laughed, as he picked up a chess piece and began to slowly twirl it through his fingers.
“Is this through the scholarship program again?”
Julian’s face turned ashen.
“No,” he said.  “I can’t do that again.”
“But that was a stroke of brilliance - advertising scholarships that you had no intentions of granting, as a lure to meet beautiful young women.”
“As you know, it backfired on me a little.”
“Yes, that was how you met….”
“Careful,” Julian said, raising his hand.
“…the girl,” said Milo, “who will forever remain nameless.”
Julian stared at the chess piece in his hand, as he slowly ran his finger across its top.
“When aroused,” he said, “her nipples were as firm as the head of this Bishop….”
“She was incredible, but even so, I’m still amazed that you actually fell in love.”
“No more so than I,” Julian said with a look of wonder.  “Apparently it’s a poisoned capsule that God has implanted in us all....”
“Well, if it’s not the scholarship scam, where are you meeting these new, young, beautiful women?”
“They’re not so young,” said Julian, “and not so beautiful.”
“No?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I have my reasons.”
“I can’t imagine what they would be.”
“No.  You can’t.”
“You’re a master at seduction,” said Milo.  “You’ve bedded some of the most stunning women in the world.  You’ve had stellar creatures half your age tied around your fingers.  Why would you pursue anything less?”
Julian continued to stare at the Bishop in his hand.
“Ah,” he said, “there’s the mystery….”
He held the Bishop up, and then dropped it onto the chessboard, sending chess pieces flying off the table.  He looked at his old friend and smiled.

Chapter 3

Julian was paying close, but imperceptible, attention as Felicia absent-mindedly toyed with the scar on her wrist.  He had noticed it on their first date, and it was the main reason why there was now a second.  He wanted to ask about it, but it was still too soon.  He raised his glass of port.
“A toast,” he said, “to your wonderful company.”
Felicia blushed, and almost dropped her glass as she tried to take a sip, which turned out to be more of a gulp.
“I’m sorry,” she said.  “I’m such a klutz sometimes.”
“It’s an endearing trait,” Julian smiled.
“You think so?”
“Yes.  There’s always a deep passion behind clumsiness - as if so much longing and desire is struggling to break through.”
“I never thought of it that way.”
“And what do you think of it now?”
She blushed again and looked down.
“Perhaps you’re right,” she said.
“I know I am,” said Julian.
He looked directly in her eyes.  She looked up at him, but her eyes fluttered, and nervously darted away.
“So,” she said, trying to hold up her end of the conversation, “did you like the opera?”
“I loved it,” he said.  “One can never go wrong with Puccini.”
“I’ve never been to an opera before.”
“Did you enjoy it?”
“Yes, very much.”
She looked around the quiet, upscale bar.
“Do you come here often?” she asked.  “Oh, that probably sounded cliché.”
“That’s all right,” he smiled.  “No, I rarely have the chance to go out.  I’m devoting most of my time these days to setting up my new foundation.”
“Oh?  What kind of foundation is that?”
“I’m starting one for children in the Third World;” he said, just now thinking up this new fabrication, “such tragic souls, subjected to so much suffering.”
“Oh, that’s so nice of you.”
“Well, thank you.  It’s very sweet of you to say that.  I’ve found that other women I’ve met are resentful that I spend so much time on my charitable work.”
“Well, I think it’s wonderful that you do.”
He placed his hand lightly on hers.
“That makes you a very unique and special woman,” he said.
Felicia felt as if fireworks were going off in her head, but not in a pleasant way.  She tried to compose herself, but this was all too much for her.  She had no choice but to just be nakedly honest with him.
“May I ask you a question?” she said.
“Of course,” he replied.
“I’ve…never had much experience with dating, but it seems that someone like you…well…you could be with anyone.  Why are you going out with me?”
Julian had anticipated that question, and he had already composed his reply.
“The fact that you would even think to ask that tells you why,” he said.  “I don’t meet many women, but those I do have a sense of themselves that is so high, and unwarranted.  You don’t have that, at all.  You’re so very humble - and so sensitive.  Your lack of dating experience is a testament to the fact that you might just be too special for this world, with all its harshness and cruelty.  There’s so much delicacy in you, but it’s never found a way to emerge into this hostile realm.”
He cast his eyes sadly downward. 
“I often feel that way myself,” he lied.  “I know it may seem as though I can function well, but I feel afraid to let my heart open up into this brutal world.”
“Oh!” she gasped.  “You poor man.  I understand.  It is a difficult world.  People can be so…unkind….”
As Julian was looking down, he began to imagine how life must have been for her.  He could envision her as a child, with her…unfortunate appearance, and her awkward, hyper-excitable manner - undoubtedly rejected and tormented by all her peers.  He thought of how life must have only gotten worse from there - driven into isolation, so damaged that she was simply incapable of interacting normally with others, until she had finally found herself making one last, desperate attempt to connect to someone, anyone, by joining an Internet dating service.  He was certain that he had been the only one to respond to her ad - her photo must have surely frightened everyone else away.
“Believe me,” she said, “I know just what you mean.”
He looked up at her gratefully, and then placed his hand over hers.
“So, you understand,” he said.
“Yes, I do,” she said.
He squeezed her hand gently, with a vulnerable look.
“It means a great deal to me to meet someone who does,” he said.
She looked into his eyes.  The fireworks were still going off in her head, but they suddenly formed a completely new constellation.  Without even knowing what she was doing, she blurted out, “Would you like to take me to your home, right now?”
Julian stuck his free hand into his pocket, pulled out a hundred-dollar bill, and placed it on the table.  He gently pulled her up and said, “I would love to.”

Chapter 4

This time it was Milo studying the chessboard with a look of concern, as Julian seemed certain to win a pawn, enough to make the outcome of the game a fait accompli.  Milo looked for some way to turn the tide, but realized it was futile, and stopped his clock, resigning the game.
“Well done,” he said.  “And you even had the nerve to play a Queen’s Gambit.”
“As you said,” Julian smiled, “the benefit of wealth.  I did some studying of my own.  Kasparov had a clever retort to the variation you just played.”
“That’s what makes it the wonderful game it is - a million possibilities.”
They reset the board and the chess clock.  Julian refilled their snifters, with a satisfied grin.
“You know how I hate to lose,” he said.
“More than anyone I’ve ever known,” said Milo.  “Every time I win, I half expect you to pull a revolver on me.”
“The funny thing is, Milo, despite the fact that you’re the dearest person in the world to me, every time you win, that’s exactly my first impulse.”
“You must be one hellish person to be romantically involved with.”
“This is what I hear.”
“Speaking of which, are you still carrying on with this dating nonsense?”
“I am.”
“Where are you meeting them?”
Julian thought for a moment.
“Oddly,” he said, “I’m almost embarrassed to say.”
“Knowing some of your previous sources, I can’t imagine how much lower you could sink.”
“Oh,” Julian laughed. “This world still has realms we'd never thought to explore.”
“Oh, come on.  Tell, tell!”
“Are you ready for this?”
“I’m all a-tingle.”
“I’ve joined an Internet dating service.”
Milo’s jawed fell a bit.
“I beg your pardon?” he said.
“An Internet dating service,” Julian repeated.
“Why in God’s name would you do that?”
“It seemed like an interesting idea.”
“For what?  You move in the most exclusive circles there are.  Do you expect to meet anyone of their caliber there?”
“Maybe I’m not looking for caliber.”
“Then what are you looking for?”
Julian thought for a moment.
“Anonymity,” he said.
“Why?” asked Milo.  “If you’re going through another of your satyriasis frenzies, you’ve been an open womanizer all your life.  You’ve slept with a lot of the women in high society, many of whose husbands were perfectly aware of it, but too afraid of you to object.  Why would you need anonymity?”
“As I said, this time it’s a little dark.”
“More so than sneaking around with the Russian Ambassador’s wife?”
“Oh, much.”
“Or when you tossed her aside and began sleeping with their daughter?”
“Yes.”
“Or when you got the daughter to star in that pornographic film?”
“I still have a copy.  The scene with her and the transsexuals is hilarious.”
“That was good.  That even earned you a visit from the State Department.  More scandalous than that?”
“Oh, trust me, Milo, this is uncharted domain.”
“Well, now you really have to tell me what you’re up to.  This is too rich.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“I can’t really explain it yet,” he said.  “I’m feeling my way as I go along.  Let’s just say that I’m wandering down a road that I never could have imagined….”
“So, a whimsical new journey….”
“This isn’t whimsical.  On the contrary, I feel utterly compelled.”
“Well, whatever it is, I can’t wait to hear.  But what sort of people does one meet on an Internet dating service?”
“My God, the worst possible sort - the conventional, the common, the kind I’ve never known.”
Julian swirled his cognac as he mused.
“Milo,” he said, “I’ve had the pleasure of toying with women of wealth and standing, I’ve indulged myself with the most incredible escorts money can buy, and I’ve had my periods of cavorting with the lowest of the low, dragging through the gutters for the most desperate kind of prostitutes, and one thing that all of them had in common was a sense of cunning - alert to everything, like creatures in a jungle night.  But these other people, the middle class, the everyday folk, are so…mundane.  If you took the first two kinds of women I mentioned, those who have clawed their way to the top, or those who have stumbled their way to the bottom, you could blindfold them and drop them off in some treacherous part of the world, and they would all find a way to survive.  But if you took these normal people and did the same, I think they would all just curl up in a ball and succumb.”
“And these are the type of women you’re seeking out?”
“I seem to be.”
“Why?”
“I guess we’ll find out.  In the meantime, I’ve only begun to take my revenge on you for the other night.”
Julian pushed his pawn to Queen 4, tapped his clock, looked at Milo, and smiled.

Chapter 5

Julian and Felicia were cuddling nakedly, propped up by pillows in the bed of one of his guest rooms.  He had lied, and said that this was his master bedroom, but he didn’t want her anywhere near there.  He was grateful that she was wearing the perfume he had bought her, as the cheap fragrance she normally wore made him a little nauseous.
“My God,” Felicia said.  “I never knew it could be like this.”
“Like what?” Julian asked.
“Just so...wonderful….  I never could have imagined myself with someone like you.”
“You see?  It’s that humility that makes you so special.”
He took her hand and kissed it, and then let his fingers run down to her wrist.
“What is this?” he asked innocently, gently stroking her scar.
She pulled her arm away instinctively, looking frightened.
“No,” he said, taking her hand again and studying her scar.  “It’s all right.  What happened?”
She started to shake a little.
“You don’t know?” she asked.
“No,” he lied.
She hesitated.
“I’m…afraid to tell you,” she said.
“Why?”
“I don’t want you to think badly of me.”
“How could I ever do that?”
She looked at him carefully as she spoke.
“I…I tried to slash my wrist,” she said.
“My God,” Julian gasped.
“You see.  That’s why I didn’t want to tell you.”
“No.  I don’t think badly of you.  But tell me why.  I want to understand.”
“I’ve had some moments when I’ve been very…confused...and depressed.  One time, it was just too much, and…I tried to kill myself.”
“Slitting your wrist”, he said as he studied her scar more carefully, “wasn’t that…painful?”
“No," she said.  "I applied an anesthetic first.  And I didn’t have to cut deeply.  I’m a hemophiliac.   One little paper cut and you’d better rush me right to the hospital.”
“Then how did you survive?”
“I forgot that they were changing the showerheads in my building that day.  I had settled into a warm bath, and had just slit it with a razor blade when a plumber let himself in.  He called 911, and then squeezed my wrist until the ambulance came.”
“When did this happen?”
She looked down.
“I’m embarrassed to say," she said softly.
“No, please," he said.
“It was…just last year.”
“I told you.  You’re too special for this world.”
“I don’t know if it was that.  It was just…so many things….”
“But I think they all come down to one thing,” he said sadly. “Things that are truly beautiful, like your soul, are simply too delicate for this world.  It corrupts them, hurts them.  It tears them apart.”
“You sound as though you…."
She looked up at him.
"No," she said.  "I can’t ask.”
“Ask what?”
She didn’t reply.
“I know what you were thinking,” he said.  “And yes,” he lied again, “I, too, once tried to kill myself.”
“When was this?” she asked.
“Like you, it was last year.”
“Why?”
Julian looked off into the distance.
“I…just know,” he said, “that there must be…a better place for me….”
“Do you mean like some kind of…heaven?” she asked.
“I can’t really say.  But I feel a deep calling, as if the most precious things inside me don’t belong in this realm…but are meant to be…somewhere else….”
“Do you feel that unhappy?”
“It’s not a question of being unhappy.  It’s a matter of honoring what’s best in me, and helping it to find its way...home....”
“I’ve never thought of it that way.”
“You might want to try.…”
“But what about this?” she asked.  “I feel so happy to be with you.  Don’t you feel the same about being with me?”
“Yes,” he said, kissing her hand.  “Of course, I do.  It’s heavenly.  But heaven can never last on earth.  This is just what I mean.   What we’ve found together is even more fragile than all the other things that I’ve felt can’t survive in this world.  I’m convinced that there must be a better place where these things are meant to flourish.”
“But why can’t they last here?”
“I’ll let you think about that yourself.  Tell me, why exactly did you slash your wrist?”
“I was so unhappy, and so confused.”
“Look more deeply.  Why have you been so unhappy?”
She thought for a minute, and then said, “I couldn’t fit in.  I didn’t belong anywhere.  And it was so painful to feel that way.”
Julian assumed a look of profound sadness.
“I know just what you mean,” he said.
“But,” she said, “we have each other.  Don’t we?”
“Yes, we do, and it’s so joyous to have found you.  But can this world sustain anything this delicate?  My fear is that it can’t - this just isn’t its rightful place.”
She pressed her head against his chest, looking down.
“I don’t want to think about this anymore,” she said.
“All right,” he said, allowing a small smile to emerge.  “We won’t think about it.  For now….”
 

Chapter 6

Julian and Milo were sitting in large, stuffed chairs in Julian’s favorite room.  The mood that night didn’t call for cognac and chess.  Instead, they were well into their second bottle of very smooth gin and staring thoughtlessly into space, tossing stray comments back and forth.
“Lately,” Milo said out of nowhere, “I find myself wondering what I’ll be like as an old man.”
“You already are an old man,” said Julian.
“I’m two months younger than you.”
“Well, I’m an old man.”
“You just feel that way because you’ve had your heart broken - adds twenty years to your sense of self.”
“You’ve had your heart broken.  Why don’t you feel twenty years older?”
“Mine was broken years ago.  The feeling goes away.  Yours was last month.  In a few months, you’ll feel like your old self again.”
“I don’t know.  We all have different ways of handling rejection.”
“Oh?   And what’s my way?”
“You mope.”
“And your way?”
“I’m still working it out….”
“But anyway,” Milo continued, “I was thinking about myself when I’m seventy-five or eighty.  What will move me then?  What will fire me up?”
“What did you come up with?”
“I drew a blank.  Women won’t be a lure for me anymore.  I assumed curiosity would always be there, but I wonder about that as well - I’ve seen too much as it is.  Friends will all be in the same boat, so they’ll have no stimulation to offer.”
“Why not simply enjoy it?  ‘The final and greatest pleasure of the hedonist is boredom.’” 
“Ah,” said Milo.  "That’s a good line.  Moliere?”
“Oscar Wilde.”
“I like that.  But still, I wonder.  At that age, what might move me?”
“Gravity - you’ll lie down a lot.”
Milo thought for a moment.
“I suppose there are worse fates,” he said.
They sat in silence for a while, sipping their gin.   Eventually Julian piped up.
“You know,” he said, “we’re both obscenely rich.  And neither of us have children.  We get to think about our legacy as well.  Where should I leave the gazillions of dollars that I’ll never have time to spend?”
“What do you think?” asked Milo, “- something virtuous?  Feed the hungry, heal the sick?”
“No, that’s not really my style,” Julian said, and then thought for a moment.
“Maybe something…absurd,” he said.  “Finance some massive, ridiculous spectacle - blow every penny on some grandiose, but absolutely pointless display:  something so bizarre that the media would be obligated to show it.  Millions would witness it, but no one would understand it.  They’d all just think, ‘Huh?’  But maybe there’s one person out there who would have that sense of ‘Huh?’ stick with him and help him see this world for the meaningless farce that it is.  That would feel like a worthy contribution.”
“I could see that,” said Milo.  “I’ve never thought about my legacy, but I suppose I could leave a bit to my favorite whores, but the bulk of it to charity.”
“Charity?  Trying to buy your way into Heaven?”
“No, it’s just the satisfaction of doing at least one good deed in my life.”
“No, it’s not.  It’s just a lack of imagination.  You can do better than that.”
Julian topped off their glasses.
“So,” he asked, “which of your whores would be in for a windfall?”
Milo thought for a moment.
“Desiree, for one,” he said.
“Excellent choice!” Julian said.  “I should leave her something myself.”
“And Ling-Ling.”
“Oh, my goodness, yes - who could forget that night we had with her and Camille?”
“Or the night Penelope sent Ling-Ling over with all of her friends who had just arrived from Macau.  What were their names again?”
“There were too many to remember, and I couldn’t pronounce them all the first time.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“Why don’t we both leave something to Penelope?” he said.  “After all, it’s her escort service.  She’s the one who keeps feeding us these incredible specimens.”
“A wonderful idea,” said Milo.  “I mean, she is already quite wealthy from her business, but I suppose it’s the thought that counts.”
“Yes, it would be a nice gesture….”
They lapsed back into a silent period of searching for the perfect blood-alcohol level, and maintaining it for hours, while sitting quietly in their chairs.

Chapter 7

Julian awoke the next afternoon in that same chair, where he had apparently fallen asleep, now covered by a blanket that Milo must have tossed on him as Milo had left the night before.  
A hung-over Julian was one of God’s more unpleasant creations, and it was made worse by the series of dreams that had riddled his sleep.  They were all of HER, the girl whose name could never be spoken in his presence.  She was one of the hundreds of girls who had applied for the preposterously generous graduate-school scholarships that he had advertised as a way of meeting them.  She was one of the dozens that he had managed to seduce.  But she was the only one of them, the only one in his life, really, to have ever triggered that little spring that can make a man’s heart burst open.  And in his dreams overnight, he had relived it all - the overwhelming joy, the rapture of new life being born in a place where it had never been.  And then the final act, in which the smitten, besotted, helpless man confessed his feelings and placed his naked, vulnerable heart in her hands, and watched as she dropped it callously, with the words, “What are you thinking?  You’re twice my age.”
It was a dangerous brew, the hangover and the emotionally evocative dreams.  In some men, it might lead to depression; in others, to a drunken binge.  But in Julian, out of wounds emerged rage - in this case, a rage so pure that it seeped into every cell of his being, so thoroughly that he couldn’t feel it in the way that one might normally feel an emotion.   Instead, it had simply become his nature, to be lived out in action.  It had already been doing so for weeks, but now it suddenly propelled him with greater force.  It was time to make his move.  He spent the next hour pacing around his library, thinking, calculating, and planning….
When it had all become clear in his mind, he placed a call to Felicia, and in a shaken voice, said that he needed to come and see her right away.  
When he arrived at her apartment door, he slumped against her doorframe, assumed a look of incomparable grief, and knocked.  When she opened her door, her look turned frightful when she saw him.
“Julian,” she said, “are you alright?”
“Please,” he said, “help me inside.  Help me sit down….”
She led him inside to her sofa.  He sat down carefully, and as she was still standing in front of him, he put his arms around her, buried his head into her belly, and began to weep.
“What is it?” Felicia asked.  “What’s wrong?”
“I told you,” he said between sobs.  “I told you that our love was too fragile for this world….”
“What do you mean?”
“It can’t sustain it.  The Earth despises anything this heavenly….”
“What are you talking about?”
“Please,” he said, leaning back and taking her hands, “come sit next to me….”
She sat, beginning to tremble.
“What is it?” she asked.
“I…I have some terrible news,” he said.
“What?  Please, tell me.”
“I’ve been getting some dizzy spells.  I just saw my doctor….”
“Is something wrong?”
“I…have a tumor.”
“Oh, no.  Where?”
“In my brain.”
“Oh, no!  Where in your brain?”
“It’s…right against the brainstem.”
“Can they operate?”
“Not where it is.”
Felicia began to shake even more.
“Other treatments?” she asked.
“It’s too late,” he said, stricken.  “It’s too big.”
She looked at him, terrified.
“Is it…fatal?” she asked hesitantly.
Julian simply nodded, and sniffled.
“Oh, no!” she cried.  “No!  It can’t be!”
“It can,” he said.  “It is.”
“How,” she asked, “…how long?”
“Weeks,” he said, looking at her sadly.  “I only have weeks....”
Felicia burst into tears.  She fell against him, shaking hysterically as he held her closely.
“NO!” she screamed.  “No, don’t leave me!  Don’t leave me here alone!”
“I’m so sorry,” he said, stroking her hair.  “I never wanted to leave you.  But this horrid world never allows anything precious to stay….”
“No!” she cried.  “No….”
“I told you.  Something this wonderful, this delicate, it could never last here.  Its home must lie elsewhere….”
“No,” was all she could keep repeating between sobs.
“What we’ve had is so special,” he said.  I wanted it to last forever….”
“Oh, God, I only have weeks left to be with you.”
She continued weeping into his moistening shirt.
“Felicia,” he said, “I…I’m afraid that it’s worse than that.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, looking up at him.
“Yes, I do have a few weeks left, but….”
He began to tremble.
“But,” he said, “those weeks aren’t destined to be pleasant.  They’ll be filled with pain, insanity, delirium.  It’s already beginning….”
“Oh, no!” she cried.  “My poor love.”
“I…I don’t think I have the strength to endure it.”
He held her face in his hands, looking directly into her watery eyes.
“Felicia,” he said.  “I need you.  I need so much for you to be here with me, right now.”
She tried to compose herself, and then looked into his eyes.
“What awaits me is horrible,” he said.  “I’ve known such joy in your arms.  I don’t want to go out this way.  I want to go now, before all the agony, the horror, the madness sets in.”
“Can’t you…isn’t there anything they can do?” she asked.
“Nothing.   They want to move me into a hospice today.  They say they can medicate to relieve a little of the pain, but….”
He looked away and shuddered.
“No!” she wept.  “It’s not fair!  It’s not fair….”
“It never is,” he said.  “This is a fallen world.  Nothing beautiful can stay.  But I still have the power to end my life on my own terms.  I don’t want to rot away in pain and delirium.  I want to go now.  I want to go while I can still feel the love that I feel for you.”
A burst of strength welled up inside her, calming her, and she put aside her own grief, now thinking only of him.
“You mean this, don’t you?” she asked.
“Yes, my darling," he said.  "Yes.”
She nodded sadly. 
“I understand,” she said softly.
“Thank you,” he said.  “Thank you.  I knew you would.”
“I would never…want you to suffer.”
“I don’t think I could bear it.”
“But when…were you thinking of...doing this?”
“Now.”
“Now?” she asked as her terror resurfaced.
“Yes.  I need to do it now.  I feel…relatively well, for the moment, but I could lapse into an agonizing state any time.  I could become incapacitated in an instant, and unable to carry the deed out.  I need to do it now.”
She composed herself again, and just looked at him sadly.
“How,” she asked, “were you thinking of…doing this?”
He caressed the scar on her wrist.
“I’d like to do,” he said, “what you once tried.  And I’d…like you to be there for me as I do.”
She had become fully calm by this point.  In fact, she seemed devoid of any emotion at all.  She simply nodded, solemnly.
“I love you so much,” she said.  “I’ll do anything for you.”
“You’re an angel,” he said.  “You’re a gift from Heaven.  How you’ve managed to survive in this realm so long, I’ll never know.  But I’m so grateful that you’re here for me.”
He smiled tenderly.
“I don’t know what I could ever do to thank you,” he said.
She looked at him as if she was no longer there, but instead, far, far away.
“You’ve done,” she said, “exactly what I’ve needed to be done….”
She stroked his hair, still looking into the distance.
“Where,” she asked, “would you like to do this?”
“I’d like to do it here,” he said, “in your tub, where you once tried.”
He looked at her adoringly.
“It’s one last way,” he said, “of letting me feel even closer to you.”
“Yes,” she said, as if off in a dream.  “Yes.  It couldn’t be more perfect….”
“My angel….  You’re too wonderful for this world.”
“Yes.”
“Can you…take me there?”
“Yes.”
She stood slowly, gently pulling him up with her.  She led him by the hand into her bathroom, and then began to fill the tub.
“I suppose,” he said, “that I should get undressed.”
“Yes,” she said, still seeming far away.
“And…you have a razor blade?”
“I do.”
She pulled a box from a cabinet and took one out, setting it on the rim of the tub.
Julian turned around and began to undress.  When he had taken off the last of his clothes, he turned, and saw that she was also naked.
‘You’re…you’re going to sit in the tub with me?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said.
“You’re so kind to me.  I don’t know what I’ve done to deserve you.”
She simply kissed her finger and then placed it against his lips for a moment.
“How shall I do this?” he asked.
“We’ll face each other,” she said.  “If you’d like, I can cut your wrist for you.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“That might be a good idea,” he said.  “You’ve done this before.”
“Yes,” she said, “I think I know the right amount of force to use.  You can just lie back, and I’ll take good care of you.”
“My angel....”
“You can just close your eyes, and I’ll slit it quickly.”
“So kind….”
“And then,” she said, “I shall slit mine.” 
Julian looked at her, with his mouth fallen a bit.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“I’m going with you,” she said.
“But…why?”
“Because you were right,” she said.  “Our love couldn’t have survived here.  I’ve never really survived here.  I never knew what life was until I met you.  I wanted to leave this world before, and I tried.  There’ve been times I’ve wanted to ever since.  And now that I’ve shared this love with you, if you leave me here alone, this world will truly become my hell.  I want to go with you.”
Julian caressed her cheek as he looked at her questioningly.
“Are you sure?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said.  “I think I was stopped the first time just so this could happen.  Before, I was going alone, and in pain.  Now, I can go with you.  I can go in joy.”
For the first time that day, she began to smile.
“This is the most wonderful moment of my life,” she said.
He studied her for a few seconds, and then said, “All right.”
He smiled at her lovingly.
“That thought,” he said, “had never occurred to me, that you might be willing to…come with me.  But that would make me so happy if you did.  It’s our one chance, our only chance, to still be…together….”
Felicia looked around her bathroom.
“We need some preparation,” she said.
“What?” he asked.
She rummaged through her cabinet and brought out a small bottle.
“We need to apply some anesthetic first,” she said.  “I only need a little, but we should probably put a lot on you.”
She poured some on the inside of her wrist, and massaged it in.
“Hold your wrist over the sink,” she said.
Julian did, and she poured the remaining contents of the bottle onto his wrist, and then let the water run to drain the excess spillage.  He could feel it begin to take effect quickly.
  “That’s quite a powerful drug,” he said.
“Yes,” she said as she turned off the sink.  “I hope it’s enough for you.  I’ll have to cut yours deeply.”
“I’ll...I’ll be fine.  I have a high tolerance for pain, and it will only last a minute - and then we’ll be…on our way...together….”
“Yes, we will….”
Felicia looked at her bathtub.
“It’s full,” she said.
She turned off the faucet and they climbed into the tub, sitting in the water and facing each other. 
“I have a thought,” Julian said.
“What?” she asked.
“I want to cut my own wrist.  I don’t want you to kill me.  I don’t know what the consequences of that might be for you.  I’ll do it myself.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.  I could never place such a burden on you.”
She took the razor blade and handed it to him.
“Is your wrist numb yet?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said.  “I’m very sensitive to medications.  Is yours numb?”
“Numb enough - I only need a tiny little cut.”
He studied the razor blade carefully, and then poised it over his wrist.  He looked up, into her eyes.
“To our love,” he smiled.
“To our love,” she smiled.
He looked down at the blade for a moment, and then looked back up.
“I have another thought,” he said.
“What?” she asked.
“You’ve already tried this before, and you were stopped against your will.  I’d hate for you to go through that again.  If you’d like, you can go first, and I’ll be here with you, to make sure there are no…interruptions.  And then I’ll do it to myself.”
“That’s so kind of you,” she said.
He smiled gently.
“You’ve been through enough already,” he said.
She took the blade from him and held it over her wrist.  She paused for a moment, and then looked up at him.
“Thank you,” she said, ‘For everything.”
He placed his hand gently on her cheek.
She inhaled deeply, and then sliced the blade across her wrist.  The blood began to pour from her vein. Her arm dropped, and Julian watched the red swirls dancing through the water.  He looked up into her eyes, as she looked into his.  Before long, her eyelids began to droop, and then close.   Her body slumped lower into the tub.  He watched her carefully.  After her eyes were closed for several minutes, he knew that they would open no more.  
He gently stepped out of the tub, and knelt at the side, studying her, taking it all in - the expression on her face, the limpness of her body, the pinkish tone her skin was taking from the increasingly bloody water....  He didn’t know exactly when it was that she died, but he stayed there for over an hour, observing her, absorbing every detail....  
When he finally felt that he had had his fill, he stood up and carefully dressed himself, making certain that he didn’t touch anything in the room.
He looked down at her one last time.
As he had been driving to her apartment, he had had the notion that perhaps he would tell her, after she had slit her own wrist, that it was all a sham, a cruel and hideous sham, that he had never loved her at all.  But as it had all transpired, that thought had never occurred to him again.  She was a kind woman, and he had no desire to cause her any pain.  In fact, he was happy that he had given her some joy is her final moments.  There was nothing in him that had wanted to make her suffer.  There was only something in him that had desperately needed to make someone die.

Chapter 8

Julian stood before his fireplace, stirring the embers of his clothes and of the towels which he had used to clean himself upon his return home.  It was a most contented moment, a man and his hearth.  What could be more satisfying than this?  He imagined a kinship between himself and the solitary caveman, stirring the ashes of the remnants of his kill.
So, he thought, this is it - the most human of acts.  Nature red in tooth and claw, but he had done it with neither tooth, nor claw.  He had done it with words.
He began to wonder, was it a higher act that he had done, to seduce someone to their death rather than to inflict it?  He instantly felt that his method was the superior one.  Perhaps the other might be more satisfying on some baser level, but he would leave that to others - to those savages who lacked his sophistication and intelligence.  His was a soul of refinement.  His hands were clean.  His standing in the society of Nobility was undiminished by this.  No, if anything, his standing had just been raised.  He could now see further, and more clearly, than anyone who had never committed the deed.  His powers were immense, and for the first time in a month, he finally felt at peace.

Chapter 9

It was several nights later that Julian and Milo were once again engaged in their passion.  Julian puzzled over the position on the chessboard.  
“This is so bizarre,” he said.  “I’ve never seen anything like this.”
He looked up at his friend.
“Are you going to tell me name of the arcane opening that you played?” he asked.
Milo smiled.
“Of course not,” he said.  “This is an obscure one.  If you can’t find a strong defense against it on your own, I’m not going to tell you where to look.  After the last thumping you gave me, I needed something new in my arsenal.”
“It’s outlandish,” Julian said.  “The structure of the pawns - it looks almost haphazard.  But there are lethal lines I can already see, ready to spring from this.  Are my counter-attacks deadly enough, or quick enough?  I see so many vulnerabilities for you, but can they be breeched before your attacks begin?  It’s a fascinating line.”
“It is.  This one will keep you on your toes.  Your initial moves were a classic reply, but since then we’ve veered off into unknown territory.  We’re both on our own, mano a mano.”
Julian delicately pushed his pawn to C-4 and tapped his clock.  The move seemed deftly aggressive, but as Milo studied the position, it began to look more like a timid, defensive move, out of character with Julian’s usual vicious assaults.  It allowed Milo to relieve a Knight from defensive duty and lead the charge.
Julian responded with his best counter-attack, but after ten moves, realized that it wasn’t as strong.  He needed to circle his wagons, and struggle to come away with a draw.  To most serious chess players, there’s no shame in a draw; a half a point in tournament play.  But to Julian, a draw was little different than a loss.  Although a loss would leave him enraged, a draw always left him feeling wan, impotent, his bloodlust unfulfilled.  But in this position, it was the most he could hope for.  He bottled up his men into a protective fist, but that only gave Milo the chance to reposition his Rooks. The guns now aimed at Julian’s fort seemed destined to dismantle it.  Slowly, and with great inner pain, he shut off his clock.
“That,” said Milo, “is your best move - resigning with dignity.”
“I tip my hat,” said Julian.  “Well played.”
“Are you armed?” Milo asked, smiling.
Julian nodded toward a locked cabinet.
“Of course,” he said.  “But never within Impulse’s reach.”
“A wise idea, that.”
Julian stared evenly at Milo.
“Yes,” he said, “it is….”
Milo studied his friend for a moment.
“You don’t seem yourself tonight,” he said.
“Oh?” Julian asked.  “How is that?”
“There’s a lack of life in you.  You’re often moody, and sometimes amusingly despondent; that’s not new.  But even when you are, your aggression is always there.  I don’t see your killer instinct tonight.”
“You don’t….”
“No.  Is everything all right?”
“Oh, yes, fine.  I don’t know, perhaps a flu coming on.”
Milo pressed the back of his hand to Julian’s forehead.
“No fever,” he said.
“No?” Julian said.  “Hmm…perhaps something else.”
“Maybe a pick-me-up is in order.  Did you get the photos I emailed you?”
“I haven’t checked my email since this morning.”
“They’re from Penelope.  She has some new girls working for her - three from Columbia.”
“The university?”
“No, you fool, the country.  They’re beautiful.  And they come from a town that’s filled with violence and trauma.  You know the intensity that that can instill in a good whore.  Shall we send for them tonight?”
“I don’t know,” Julian sighed.  “I’m not sure I’m in the mood.”
“Oh, now you really have me concerned.  I don’t know who you are, but what have you done with Julian?  Bound and gagged him and stuffed him in a closet somewhere?  I didn’t even know he had a twin.”
Julian smiled for a moment, but then looked puzzled.
“I don’t know, Milo,” he said, “I’ve just had this feeling of…confusion lately.”
“About what?”
“I’m not sure.  I’d been having this sense of…ecstasy, and…contentment for the last few days.  But today, it began to fade.”
“What happened today?”
“Oh, nothing really, but I’ve just felt this…letdown from how I was feeling before.”
“Well, what brought on this ecstasy of yours?”
Julian thought for a moment, and then said, “I’m not sure that I’m ready to talk about it yet.”
“Something chemically induced?”
“No.”
“Well, then, you have to tell me.  I haven’t found anything in years that’s given me a sense of ecstasy besides taking Ecstasy.  If you’ve found something else that can do that, you have to share.”
Julian pondered that for a moment, and then said, “No.  It’s something I have to digest before I reveal.”
Milo sighed.
“All right,” he said.  “I’ll leave it to your digestion.  But you’ll have to tell me soon.”
“I will….”
“Well, what do you say, then?  The night is young.  Another game?”
“No, I don’t feel up to speed tonight.  I’m afraid you’ll just maul me.”
“Are you hungry at all?  Out for a little meal?”
“No, not hungry.”
“Hmmm.  Well, how about if we have a look at those photos?”
“Well, I suppose.…”
“Good.  Where’s your computer?”
“It’s in the den.”
“I thought this was the den.”
“No.  This is the library.  The den is up on the third floor - the room with the moose.”
“Oh.  Well, let’s go have a look.”
“All right.”
They walked upstairs, logged into Julian’s email account, and opened a photograph of the Columbian imports.
“Well?” asked Milo.
“Oh, my,” said Julian.
“Was I wrong?”
“My, my, my….”
“Are you sure you’re still not in the mood?”
“My spirits are perking up a little.”
“I thought they might.”
“When are they available?”
“Whenever we want them to be.  Penelope said that she would clear their schedules for us if they’re already booked.”
“Such a dear.”
“Isn’t she though?”
Julian was about to open another photograph of them when the doorbell rang.
“Are you expecting anyone?” asked Milo.
“No,” said Julian.  “Hold on.”
Julian walked downstairs and answered the door.  An older man in a trench coat stood at the door.
“Yes?” Julian said.
“Hello.  I’m Detective Baker.  Police Department,” the man said, showing his badge.  “I’m looking for a Mr. Julian Farnsworth.”
“That would be me.”
“Mr. Farnsworth, may I come in?”
“Of course.  May I take your coat?”
“No, thank you.  Mr. Farnsworth, do you have some place where we could sit?”
“Yes.  Right this way.”
He led the detective into the library.
“Please,” he said, “have a seat.”
The detective sat on the sofa, while Julian took a chair nearby.  He knew that the police might visit.  If they bothered to run even a routine investigation, everything would lead them right to him.  His telephone calls were probably the only ones Felicia had received in…ages.  And his fingerprints were on Felicia, and in her apartment, although he had been very careful to leave none in the bathroom itself - the scene of her demise.  The detective spoke first.
“Mr. Farnsworth,” he said, “are you acquainted with a Miss Felicia Cummings?”
“Well, yes,” said Julian.  “I am, or…I was.”
“What do you mean, you were?”
“Well, we had been dating for a short time, but I recently broke it off.”
“When did you break it off?”
“Let me think….  It was three or four days ago.   Monday, I believe.”
“Have you heard anything from her since then?”
“No. I haven’t.”
“Well, I’m sorry to tell you that she’s no longer with us.”
“What do you mean?”
“She died.”
Julian’s mouth fell open.
“Oh, no!” he gasped.  “What happened to her?”
“It appears to be a suicide.”
“Oh, my God!”
“I’m sorry to be the one to tell you.”
“Oh, no, this is terrible!  This is all my fault!”
“What do you mean?”
“I…I ended the relationship with her.”
“Why are you so confident that that’s what caused her to do this?”
“Well, she had threatened to when I did.  When I said I thought it best that we not see each other anymore, she told me she would kill herself.  I…I didn’t think she actually meant it.”
“Were you aware that she had attempted suicide before?”
“Actually, I was.  We had talked about it….”
“And that didn’t give you pause to think that she might try again?”
Julian shook his head.
“Idiotic,” he said.  “How could I not have taken her seriously?”
“So, you had no contact after, what, Monday?  The day you said you broke it off with her?”
“No.  When did this happen?”
“We believe it was either Monday or Tuesday.”
“Did she leave a note behind?”
“No.”
“Oh, the poor girl - not even a note to anyone.”
“Well, she had no family.”
“Yes, I know.”
“And from what we can tell, not any friends either.”
“She was a bit of a loner….”
The detective was studying him carefully.  Julian could only imagine the confusion created by the contrast - Julian with his debonair appearance, and Felicia with…well…hers... - raising questions as to why Julian would have been involved with her in the first place.  
“How long would you say you were…dating her?” the detective asked.
“About…two weeks,” said Julian.
“And during this time, she developed strong feelings for you?”
“Yes, she did.  And in some ways, I was drawn to her as well.  She isn’t…or wasn’t…the type of woman I normally date, but she was a remarkable soul - the most sensitive woman I’ve ever met.”
The detective nodded, still perplexed, but a little less suspicious.
“But,” he said, “you decided to end the relationship.”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
Julian thought for a moment.
“My feelings were…beginning to diminish,” he said, “while hers were escalating rapidly.  It had gotten far out of balance.”
“And when you decided to end it, did you do this by phone?”
“No, I felt she deserved an explanation in person, so I went to her apartment.”
“How did she take the news?”
“She took it very hard, at first - she was crying and somewhat hysterical.  But I worked to calm her down.  I think that that’s why I didn’t take her threat seriously.  She made it while she was upset, but after a while, she seemed to accept it all.  When I left, she seemed perfectly calm.”
“Uh-huh.  And do you recall about what time you left that day?”
“I can’t be certain.  I believe it was around four o’clock.”
“When you were at her apartment, do you recall…touching anything of hers?”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, cabinets, pens, the telephone.…”
Julian recollected what he could, and suddenly panicked.  The razor blade!  His fingerprints would be all over it!  He tightened his face to look like he was trying very hard to concentrate on the question, but it was really to hide his feeling of stupidity.  
“Well, the telephone, no,” he said, ‘pens, no.  Cabinets, no….”
His expression changed, as if something had just come to mind.
“When she was crying,” he said, “and saying she would kill herself, she ran into her bathroom and picked up a razor blade.  I calmed her down, and took it from her, and then set it on the rim of the bathtub.  Was that how she…?”
“Yes,” the detective nodded.  “She slit her wrist.”
“Oh, my God,” Julian said as he looked at his hand.  “I put it right where she could see it.  If I had just kept it and taken it with me….”
“I wouldn’t blame yourself, Mr. Farnsworth.  She had more.  And she wasn’t impulsive.  She took her time.  Drew herself a nice, warm bath….”
Julian nodded.
“Thank you,” he said.  “Thank you, Detective.  I appreciate your kindness.  But I’m still going to have to live with this.  She was a dear, dear woman; I had nothing but the fondest of feelings for her.”
The detective stood up.
“I appreciate your time,” he said.  “Again, I’m sorry to have to tell you about this.”
Julian stood up and shook the detective’s hand.
“Well,” he said.  “Thank you again for your kindness.  Let me know if I can be of any help.”
“I will.”
Julian escorted the detective to the door.
“Thanks again,” he said
“Thank you,” the detective said.  “You have a nice evening, Mr. Farnsworth.”
“You, as well.”
Julian closed the door, and stood in place for a moment, re-running the conversation through his head.  As he recalled it all and realized that he had said exactly what had needed to be said, and had handled his one mistake perfectly, a smile began to grow on his face.  It continued to grow as he walked back upstairs to rejoin Milo, who was enjoying pornography on the Internet.
Milo looked up at Julian as he entered the room, and asked, “Who was that?”
“A detective,” said Julian.
“What did he want?”
“Just investigating a robbery in the neighborhood.”
“Anything interesting?”
“No, just a thief hot-wiring someone’s Jaguar.”
“Well, that thief will be sorry once he finds out how much maintenance they require....”
Milo leaned back from the computer.
“Julian,” he said, “have a look.”
Julian looked over Milo’s shoulder at a video of a dozen South American women performing all manner of sexual acts upon two South American men, surrounded by bundles of cocaine.
“Did you call Penelope?” he asked.
“I was waiting for an update on your mood,” said Milo.
Julian smiled, and said, “Make the call.”

Chapter 10

The next afternoon, right after waking up, Julian wandered through his home, avoiding the rooms in which he, Milo, and their Columbian guests had done most of their carousing, preferring to leave their doors closed until the maid service arrived later that day.  He felt a strange emptiness as he did.  The night before, he had been filled with an unexpected elation after his encounter with the detective, pleased with himself for having handled the questions so well.  The Columbians were merely the icing on a delicious cake of superiority that had made his evening such a happy one.  But today was a new day.  The elation had faded; the memories of last night’s debauchery were now distant.  He padded around in his robe and slippers as a growing sense of melancholy began to saturate him.
It was inexplicable, really.  He wasn’t accustomed to introspection, but he couldn’t help but notice the shift in his mood.  Eventually he drifted into his library, and began looking through his collection of books, hoping that something would draw his attention, but nothing did.  He glanced at the chessboard and thought about researching his chess books to find the obscure opening that Milo had bludgeoned him with the night before, but he couldn’t find the motivation.   Instead, he just sat down in one of his chairs, and looked around the room, puzzled by his state.
As he sat, his mind drifted to many things, but thoughts of HER, the girl who had spurned him and wounded him so deeply kept arising, and every time they did, he felt a stabbing pain in his heart, and a rage after each one.  He had thought that his episode with Felicia would be a cure for this, a final act of catharsis and revenge, and it had been, for the first few days, at least.  But it seemed to only act as a temporary balm, as he could feel the pain anew, and no less deeply than before.  Had he miscalculated?  Was his affair with Felicia a misdirected act, lacking the therapeutic efficacy he had expected?  Perhaps it was; his fury was returning.  He once again found himself imagining what it would be like to exact his revenge upon HER, the girl responsible for his misery.  Immensely more satisfying, he was sure.  But how?  Murder was not his style, not for a lack of motive, but simply because he could never imagine committing a crime that could cost him his freedom.  It was risk versus reward, the classic calculation of investment.  Destroying HER would provide a tremendous emotional reward, but the risk was unacceptably high.  His fling with Felicia had given him a large, though apparently brief, reward, while carrying no real risk at all.  Mathematics are indisputable - a large reward with a large risk versus a smaller reward with virtually no risk whatsoever.  The choice merely made itself.
He wandered upstairs to his den, sat in front of his computer, logged on to his Internet dating site, and began to read through the profiles of women looking for love.
Most he rejected quickly - the self-assured ones, the ones with smiles that revealed their love of life.  He would pause at the ones who had subtle scowls on their face.  He knew that they were unhappy, but he could tell that they were the kind to direct their pain outwardly.  It was the ones who turned it inward who he sought, those who blamed themselves for their disappointments and misery.  Those were the ones whose uncertainties he could foster, who might already be on their way to their self-demise, if only they could be given a little help.
There were small hints that would catch his attention and suggest that they could be worthy of his pursuit.  Sad expressions in their photos would cause him to look more closely.  He could imagine them sorting through all their photographs, searching for the most alluring ones, and only able to come up with ones that made them look haunted by life.  He would study their narratives for signs of desperation - admissions of loneliness, hints of barely existent self esteem.  Any who mentioned Virginia Woolf, Anne Sexton, or Sylvia Plath among their favorite authors - all famous suicides - were noted.
Perhaps he might stumble across another one like Felicia.  Her photograph had jumped off the screen when he saw it.  It wasn’t sadness on her face; on the contrary, it was an immense smile, but one that had such lunacy behind it that he knew at once that something was incredibly amiss. 
As he scanned through the profiles, there was no one who leapt out at him in that way.  It was just as well, he thought.  Felicia had been so easy; too easy, really.  It had taken so little effort and wit on his part to guide her to her proper end.  Perhaps someone who only had a few latent tendencies in that direction could prove to be more of a challenge, someone worthier of his skill.
There were three who seemed promising - two whose narratives showed indications of despair or instability, and one whose photograph had such a profoundly sad expression that he didn’t even bother to read what she had to say about herself.  He wrote a letter of introduction and sent off a copy to each.  He then reviewed his own profile, to see if it could use any refinement.  He added his new lie about his charitable work for poverty-stricken children, but aside from that it all seemed perfect - the carefully chosen photographs, conveying his elegance and disarmingly good looks, as well as subtly, yet unmistakably, hinting at wealth.  But more importantly, they seemed to portray a sense of vulnerability and loss, qualities that would be a lure to women who harbored the same in themselves.  And his descriptive narrative of himself seemed impossible to improve upon.  It demonstrated his intelligence and charm yet drew upon women’s sympathies with the lie that he was only now gently emerging from three years of mourning and chastity following the tragic death of a fictional fiancée.  No, better bait could not possibly be created.
His work done, he smiled as he made his way downstairs to fix himself a hearty breakfast.

Chapter 11

That evening found Julian and Milo sitting in Julian’s library, quietly sipping chamomile tea.  It was an evening that called for temperance, after the festivities of the night before.  Their friendship was such a close one that they could sit together for hours without a word spoken and feel not a hint of discomfort.  
After a while, Milo began to wander around the room, browsing through the books on Julian’s shelves.  He found one that caught his eye, and pulled it down, leafing through it as he stood.  Julian watched him as he did, and asked, “What did you find?”
Milo looked at the cover.
“An Anthology of Greek Tragedies.” he said.  “I do so love a good tragedy.”
“That’s why you’re such a contented man,” Julian sighed.  “This world is made for you.”
Milo carried the book to his chair and sat, reading.  Julian sat quietly for a while, and then decided to go upstairs to see if any of his prey had responded to his letters.  He logged on to his dating site and was pleased to find that all three had already sent replies.  He read the first letter.  It read:

“Thank you for your kind letter.  However, I have recently met someone, and am becoming involved, so I’m afraid that I’m unavailable.  I wish you the best of luck in your search.”

“Fool!” Julian said out loud.
He thought for a moment.
“Lucky fool...,” he said.
He read the second.  It read, simply:

“I’m looking for someone younger than you.”

  He looked at her profile again.  She was thirty-five.  Julian had lied and listed his age as forty-six.
“Thirty-five?” he yelled.  He stewed in his outrage.  Remembrances of his recent rejection began to swirl through his mind, forming a deadly brew.  
He read the third.  It was longer, and read:

“My dear Julian,
I must say, I’m very flattered by your letter.  I’ve read your profile, and am impressed, and intrigued.  I would be happy to learn more about you, and to let you know whatever else you would like to know about me.  I’m afraid that I’m not as well-read as you are, but I’m always open to learning new things, and trying new things.  I suspect you could be a wonderful mentor, among (blushingly) other possibilities; 
Priscilla”

Julian opened her profile to read it again.  Thirty-nine (or so she said), never married, an administrative assistant (whatever that meant).  Interests: art, music, poetry.  Favorite writers:  Jane Austen, Emily Dickinson, Sylvia Plath.  She had several other photographs posted that he hadn’t looked at yet, so he opened them.  None were very attractive, and they all showed different, and unusual characteristics.  In the first one that he had already seen, she looked like a classic neurasthenic - uncertain, overwhelmed, a little too excited.  In another, she looked dead, save for a look of hollow torment.  In the other two she was clad in lingerie, in a blatantly seductive display.  It showed a horrible lack of judgment, yet the odd constellation of qualities fascinated him.  He truly had no idea what to make of her, but his curiosity was lit.  He smiled, and began to type his reply:

My dear Priscilla;
Thank you for your reply.  I had sent letters to several others on this website, but frankly, it was you who I had most hoped would respond.  We seem to share many interests, and that is so important if a relationship is ever to progress to something lasting, and meaningful.  I don’t know why you say that I seem more well-read than you.  Your taste in literature shows a tendency towards the classics, and even if one has only browsed a few of them, one couldn’t be better read.  You mention Jane Austen.  I am forced to make an embarrassing confession, one that I wouldn’t normally make, but I feel such a warmth and kindness in you already.  I love Jane Austen.  There, I’ve said it.  How awkward for a man to admit.  If any of my male friends were to find out, I would never stop being the butt of their occasional sophomoric teasing.  But I’ve delighted in her stories.  She brings such richness to her characters.  And Emily Dickinson - what poet has ever better captured the subtleties of some of our most intimate emotions?  And Sylvia Plath - poor, poor Sylvia.  Such depth, and such pain.  Why is it that the greatest beauty only emerges from the most tortured souls?    
I could write at length about our mutual love of these dear writers, but the Internet would run out of bits.  I hope I’m not being too forward - but I wonder if I could suggest that we meet for an innocent drink some evening.  I suspect our conversations would be a greater joy than our letters, if for no reason other than the selfish one of mine that they would take place for me in the company of (and now it’s my turn to blush) a woman as beautiful as yourself. 
Sincerely, 
Julian.

He sent off his reply, and then returned downstairs to the library.  Milo was absorbed in his book, so Julian decided to make a new pot of tea.  He stared absently at the tea kettle as it heated.  As it began to whistle, he turned off the gas, filled a new teapot with chamomile leaves, poured the water, and carried it to the library.  He set in on a table, and took his seat, enjoying the room.
Milo looked up from his book and noticed the new teapot.
“Thank you,” he said.  “I was about to make us a new pot myself.”
“No,” said Julian, “just sit.  Enjoy your book.  Which story are you reading?”
“Medea, by Euripides.”
“Good?”
“Delicious.  You’ve never read it?”
“No.”
“When I’m finished, I’ll return it.  I think you would enjoy the main character.”
“Why is that?”
“Oh,” said Milo, “nothing….”
Julian let Milo’s enigmatic reply pass.  He was thinking about Priscilla, wondering what kind of quarry she might turn out to be.  They both settled back into silence, Milo in his book, Julian in his fantasies.

Chapter 12

The next day, Julian returned to his computer, and found a reply from Priscilla awaiting him.  It read:

“My precious Julian;
I’m touched by your appreciation of my favorite authors.  Yes, I can imagine that your male friends would be merciless if they found out that you like Jane Austen.  Men do seem to enjoy tormenting people.  But you seem quite unlike most.  I’d love to meet you for a drink, and I know a quiet little place that would be perfect.  I get off work every day at 5:00, but on some days, go to my gym afterwards for an aerobics class and a sauna.  My phone number is 890-555-7463.  I forward it to my cell phone during the day, so you can reach me anytime.
See you soon!  Kisses!
Priscilla”

Julian was pleased with the prompt reply, but unsure of what to make of her boldness.  Perhaps she was more self-assured than he had hoped.  In any case, it was time to find out.
He called her that afternoon.  She said she could meet him at 6:30 after her workout.  He said he’d be wearing a beige linen suit and blue tie so she would recognize him.  When he asked how he would recognize her, she replied, “Don’t worry; you’ll notice me.”
At 6:30, Julian was sitting at the bar.  It was devoid of patrons, so he simply enjoyed his drink and waited, wondering what she had meant by her words.
After ten minutes, he noticed a woman walk through the door.  More precisely, he noticed a women’s outfit walk through the door.  It was a sheer, low-cut, very short dress.   With the sun behind her, it was essentially transparent, and she almost appeared to be wearing nothing but the smallest and laciest of underwear.  She spotted the man in the beige linen suit, smiled, and walked up to him.
“Julian?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said, standing up, taking his eyes off her outfit for the first time and looking up into a large pair of dark sunglasses.  “And you must be Priscilla.”
She held her hand out for him to shake, which he did.  She held his hand longer than one would formally.
“I must be,” she smiled.  “Why don’t we sit in one of the booths in the back?  It’s darker, and much more private.”
“All right,” he said.
He picked up his drink and followed her to a booth.  She took a seat, and he began to take a seat opposite her.
“No,” she said.  “Come sit on my side.  Sitting on the opposite side seems so…adversarial.”
“All right,” he said, sliding in next to her.  The waiter came by, and she ordered a Manhattan as she removed her sunglasses.  Julian indicated that he was fine with his drink.
“Well,” he said.  “It’s certainly a pleasure to meet you in person.”
“Thank you,” she said.  “The pleasure is mine as well.”
“Did you have a nice aerobics class?”
“No, I skipped the aerobics.  I just did a little shopping, and then took in a sauna.”
“Oh?  What did you go shopping for?”
“For this outfit.”
She smiled at him, leaning back a bit, allowing him a better look.
“Do you like it?” she asked.
“It’s lovely,” he said.
The waiter came by, placed her Manhattan on the table, and departed.
“Lovely?” she smiled.  “Is that all?”
Julian studied her.  She looked about ten years older than her photographs, which weren’t that appealing to begin with.  Her hair was now blonde, in fact, some odd shade beyond yellow, and a little frizzy, as though she had tried to lighten it a bit but had fallen asleep while soaking it in peroxide.  She had a somewhat manic smile that was reminiscent of the one in her over-excited photograph.  Overall, this was a fairly unattractive and somewhat crazed woman, yet in the forwardness of her demeanor, there was something tempting in the depravity of the moment.
“All right,” he said.  “It’s…daring.”
“Yes,” she laughed.   “I like that word better - ‘daring.’”
Julian found himself amused by her.  She was going down a completely different road than he had hoped for, but it was a road that he didn’t find disagreeable for the time being.
“Very daring,” he said.  “And I love to be dared.”
She smiled, and then studied at him.
“You look older than your photograph,” she said.
Julian felt a rise of anger.
“But I like that,” she said.  “You look even more distinguished than I had imagined.  And I love distinguished.”
“Do you?” he asked.
“Yes.  It’s rare.  I knew from your profile that you had it, but you have more than I thought.”
“So, that’s a good thing.…”
“It's a very good thing.”
She slid closer towards him, pressing her leg against his as she glanced down at his drink.
“What are you drinking?” she asked.
“Scotch,” he said.  “I noticed they have a very old, very fine Scotch here.”
“Could I taste?”
“Of course.”
She took a small sip, and let it linger in her mouth.
“Mmmmmm,” she said.  
“You like?”
“I do.”
She leaned in more closely.
“I like your cologne as well,” she said.
“Thank you.”
She pulled away and leaned back against the wall of their booth, staring at him.  She was posing for him, in a manner that was overtly seductive.
“So, tell me,” she said.  “What is it that you like?”
He looked her up and down for a minute.
“At the moment,” he said, “I like the way the hem of your dress has crawled even further up your thigh.  And I like your thigh.  I like both of them, in fact.”
She smiled.
“What else do you like?” she asked.
 “The neckline on your dress,” he said.  “It’s perfectly cut for you.  It slides slowly across your collarbone, across the first few ribs, and then ends in a wonderful valley of delight,” he said, taking in the shape of her breasts. (Enhanced, he thought, and not very well done).
“And?” she asked.
“And I like that smile you have.  It’s the smile a volcano must have just before it erupts.”
“I like how you like,” she smiled.
“Thank you.”
He looked around the bar.
“It’s a very quiet place here,” he said, “…and dark.”
“Yes,” she said, “there’s never anyone here this time of day.  It’s our own private nook.”
“It is, isn’t it?”
He took a sip of his Scotch, and looked at her again, as she was sitting against the wall, smiling at him.  She shifted into a new pose, even more suggestive than the last.
Julian simply smiled back, saying nothing, waiting to see what she would do.
The expression on her face began to change, from a playful smile to something more serious, more beckoning, and then, almost desperate.
 Julian took one more look around to make sure that there was no one near, and then leaned in toward her, and slowly ran his hand up the inside of her thigh.  She slumped down, forcing his hand up even further.  It found its own way from there.  Julian smiled as he deftly performed his task, which ended with her biting her lip to stifle her cry.
He moved back to his original spot and took a sip of his Scotch.  He looked at her as she was still slumped down, breathing hard, eyes closed.
“Well,” he said.  “That’s something I never read about in Jane Austen.”
With her eyes still closed, she asked, “Do you live near here?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Will you take me there?”
Julian took a twenty-dollar bill from his pocket, set in on the table, and took her hand.
“I would love to,” he said.

Chapter 13

The following evening, Julian and Milo were back at the chessboard.  Julian had trounced him in the first game, and they were taking a pause before the second, sipping their cognacs.
“So,” Julian said.  “How is Euripides coming along?”
“Wonderfully,” said Milo.  “I know you’ll enjoy it when I’m finished.  It had me up late last night.  What were you up to?”
“I had a novel little experience.”
“What was that?”
“An Internet date - surprising one.”
“How so?”
“A classic nymphomaniac - textbook.”
“Oh? Tell.”
“Had me diddling with her in the bar where we met, and then we came back here for another few hours.”
“Attractive?”
“Not really.”
“Talented?”
“Enthusiastic.”
“Well, score one for the Internet.”
“Two.”
“Two?”
“Never mind.…”
“What do you mean, ‘two’?”
“Nothing.…”
“So, when will you be seeing her again?”
“I don’t think I will be.”
“Why not?”
“It wasn’t what I had hoped for - best left as a one-time thing.”
“Oh, Julian, a textbook nymphomaniac?  That must be interesting enough to explore another time or two.”
“I don’t know….”
“I mean, not for the sex.  But if she is textbook, as you say, she’s certain to have a number of odd craters in her soul.  They could make for interesting sight-seeing.”
“Hmm, that’s true....”
“Just be careful.  Some of them can bite.”
“Yes.  I’m sure you’re right….”
Julian thought for a minute.
“Odd craters,” he said, mostly to himself.  “Yes, maybe there’s something useful there….”
“Beg pardon?”
“Oh,” said Julian, snapping out of his thoughts, “nothing.  Next game?”
“Let’s!”

Chapter 14

The next evening, Julian was poised, cell phone in hand, ready to call Priscilla, pondering which Julian would she respond to best, Julian the distinguished, or Julian, satisfier of nymphomania.  He decided to begin with the former.  He entered her number.
“Hello?” Priscilla said.
“Hello, Priscilla, it’s Julian.”
“Oh, hello.”
“Did I call at a bad time?”
“No.”
“How are you?”
“I’m…fine.  I thought you would call yesterday.”
“I’m terribly sorry.  I had emergency business to handle and didn’t have your number with me.”
“Oh.  Well, I was very hurt.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I mean, after the other night, well, I thought we had something special.”
“Oh, I couldn’t agree more.  It was a very…special night.”
“Do you mean that?”
“Of course.”
“So, what about it was special for you?”
“Oh, where to begin….”
“Was it just the sex?  I mean if it’s just the sex, you can get that anywhere, you know.”
“Oh, no, Priscilla, it wasn’t just the sex.”
“Well, what was it then?  I mean, we didn’t even talk.  All we did was fuck all night.  So, what was it, if it wasn’t the sex?”
Yes, Julian thought, textbook, odd craters….  He stumbled for an answer.
“It’s indefinable,” he said.  “It’s either there or it isn’t.”
“Yes!” she said.  “Yes!  So, you know what I mean!”
“Yes,” Julian said, thinking to himself, “No.”
“I’m so glad to hear that!  Are you free tonight?” she asked.
“I am.”
“Could I come see you right now?”
“That would be lovely.”
“I can leave in a half hour!”
“All right.”
“I need your address.”
Julian hesitated a moment, but then gave it to her.
“Okay,” Priscilla said.  “I’ll see you then.”
“I can’t wait.”
“Bye.”
“Goodbye.”
Julian looked around his library, mulling things over.  He regretted that he had gotten rid of an old psychiatry textbook the last time he had winnowed out his collection.  He would love to read the section on nymphomania.  But he smiled when his eyes fell upon his new, framed photograph of Sylvia Plath.
 

Chapter 15

Priscilla arrived twenty minutes later, wearing a long coat.  After walking in the door and kissing Julian, she stepped back and slowly, seductively opened her coat, revealing a rather trashy ensemble from Frederic’s of Hollywood.  Julian was fairly repulsed by the thought of having sex with her again, so he had taken a hefty dose of Viagra, which would allow him to hold up his end for a while, and then begin to get a better look at those craters.  They caroused for an hour - in the living room, in the library, in the billiards room.  They finally gave it a rest, curled in bed in one of the guest bedrooms.
“Boy,” said Priscilla, panting and out of breath.  “I needed that.”
“Me, too,” Julian lied.
“This is quite a home you have.”
“You think?”
“Yes.  It’s huge.”
“I find it comfortable.”
She leaned over and softly bit his neck.
“And you,” she said.  “You’re an animal.”
“Oh?” he asked.
“Yes, a big, strong, beastly animal.”
“You’re too kind.”
She curled up against him.
“And you understand me,” she said.
He didn’t understand a thing about her, but said, “You mean that others don’t?”
“Are you kidding?  They don’t have a clue.”
“What is it they don’t understand?”
“What it’s like.  What I’m like.”
“What do they miss?”
“Everything.  But you get it.  You see me.  You know what this is.”
He kissed her lightly on the forehead.  He had no idea what this was.
“How could they be so blind?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” she said.  “They just are.”
“Tell me.”
“They have no idea how intensely passions can run.”
“Don’t hate them.  Pity their loss.”
“It’s MY loss too!” she growled.  Then she pressed her head against his chest, and said softly, “But now I have you.”
“Yes.  You do.”
“And you understand me.”
“Yes.”
“I liked the photograph,” she said.
“The photograph?”
“Sylvia Plath.”
“Ah.  Yes.”
“She was someone who was misunderstood also.”
“Completely.”
“Look what happened to her, because of a MAN - reduced to killing herself in her own oven.”
“A flame that bright can’t be sustained by this world.”
“It can be - with the right man.”
“Yes, but I suppose they’re rare.”
“More than rare - if ever a girl should find one, she should hold on tight!”
She threw her arms around him and squeezed.  He could barely breathe.  She loosened her grip and they lay quietly for a while with her head on his chest and her eyes closed.  His mind turned things over.  An evil smile crept across his face.
“I’m sorry I didn’t call yesterday,” he said, starting to probe a little.
“I almost went out of my mind,” she gasped.  “I thought you were throwing me away.  I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t called today.”
“It was thoughtless of me - unforgivable.”
She kissed his chest.
“It was,” she said.  “But I forgive you anyway.  All morning yesterday, I was SO happy.  I was just dancing through the halls at work, singing and laughing.  My boss told me to take the day off.  He called it a ‘sick day’.  I went out to the park, and spent the day just taking in the sunshine, waiting for you to call.  It was heaven,” she said.  Then he felt her droop in his arms.
“But then,” she continued, “as the day went on and I didn’t hear from you, I could just feel it all draining away.  It got worse and worse.  By evening, I could barely find the strength to walk back to my car.  Driving home, I had to keep resisting the urge to just cross the centerline and plow into the next oncoming car.  By the time I got home, all I could do was crawl into bed and weep.  I tried to tell myself, it’s too soon, you’re overreacting, but, well, you know how it is.”
“Yes, I do.”
“I slept horribly.  I woke up and just couldn’t get myself out of bed.  It was like I was sucked into a deep hole, and just wanted to die.  It was torture.”
She suddenly sprang up in bed, grinning madly.
“But then you CALLED, you CALLED!” she said as she began shaking Julian around like a rag doll.   “I knew I was wrong!  I knew that you wouldn’t fail me!”
She threw her arms around him and started kissing him everywhere.  
Julian was repulsed at the antics of this crazy woman, yet thoroughly amused by the thought of how interesting this might turn out to be.
 

Chapter 16

Two nights later, Julian and Milo were sitting on Julian’s back deck, sipping mint juleps, admiring the fading light of day.  
“I’m bored,” said Milo.
“You’re bored?” said Julian.  “Imagine how God must feel.  All of Eternity on his hands….”
“He can deal with his own feelings.  I have to deal with mine.  And I’m bored.”
“I’m telling you, learn to feel it as a pleasure.”
“When I’m old.  Right now, I’d prefer to eliminate it.”
“Any ideas?”
“Not a one.”
Julian thought for a minute.
“I know,” he said.
“What?” asked Milo.
“How about a wager?”
“On what?”
“Forget that for the moment.  First, what could we wager that would get our blood up?”
“Not money.  We both have far too much of that.”
“A finger.  Loser must sever a digit.”
Milo looked at his hand.
“No,” he said.  “I’m too fond of mine.”
Julian looked at his.
“I couldn’t do it either,” he said.  “What would you suggest?”
Milo thought.  His face lit up.
“I know!” he said.  “Loser must refrain from alcohol, sex, and any type of drug for…one week.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“No,” he said.  “Too stiff.”
Milo sighed.
“You’re right,” he said.
Julian’s face lit up.
“I have it,” he said, “- a public embarrassment.  We’ll attend the next meeting of our neighborhood association, and the loser must present a proposal to them, vigorously, and with a straight face, that all hired landscapers be required to pair up and wear deer suits, to give the area a more natural look.”
“Haven’t you given those people enough grief as it is?” Milo asked.
“The old fossils need the grief.  Keeps their bile flowing.  And I think you’ve given them far more grief than me.”
“Julian, your pyrotechnics mishap last year set three other mansions on fire.”
“It was only minor damage.  I think everyone was more upset when you went through your phase of picking up runaway girls and letting them each stay at your estate for a week or two while you had your way with them.”
“That was fun.”
“For you, yes.  But the ones with drug addictions broke into twenty of the neighborhood homes, including mine.”
“That did get a bit out of hand….”
Milo thought, and then nodded.
“All right,” he said.  “A public embarrassment.  The stakes are determined.  So, what shall we bet on?”
Julian thought for a moment.
“It’s nine P.M. right now,” he said.  “I will wager you that before midnight tonight, a woman will appear at my front door, pound on it maniacally, call out my name, burst into tears, and collapse in a heap.”
Milo looked at him blankly.
“That’s the bet?” he asked.
“That’s the bet.”
Milo looked away and thought for a moment.
“Is this someone you’ve invited over?” he asked.
“No.”
“Have you spoken with her today?”
“No.”
“Are you going to speak with her between now and midnight?”
“No.”
“All four elements must be displayed - pounding, calling your name, crying, and collapsing.”
“All four.”
Milo extended his hand.
“It’s a bet,” he said.
Julian shook his hand.
“We can settle in for a few games of chess,” Julian said.  “If a car pulls up, we’ll run upstairs and watch from the third floor.  I’ll have the front grounds well lit.”
Milo sat back in his chair and smiled.
“I’m no longer bored,” he said.
“What are friends for?” Julian smiled.
The air was beginning to chill, so they took their drinks inside and began to set up the chessboard.
“So,” Milo asked, “who’s the woman?”
“Just some woman,” Julian said. 
“Anyone I know?’
“No.”
“Is this your nymphomaniac?”
“Why, yes.  It is.”
“Hmm.  I didn’t think of that.  When was the last time you saw her?”
“Two nights ago.”
“Have you talked to her since?”
“No.”
“Does she tend towards hysteria?”
“She’s bi-polar, I believe.”
Milo thought for a moment.
“Well,” he said.  “That’s not as insane a prediction as I first thought.  But there are four elements.  Do you think you can actually predict all four?”
“I like my odds.”
“Has she been calling you?”
“Repeatedly today, but I haven’t been answering.”
“Damn.”
They were an hour into their first game when they heard a car come to a screeching halt in the driveway.  They scrambled upstairs to watch from the window, as Priscilla emerged from her car.  She stood for a minute, not sure of what to do.  Then she walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell.
Milo looked at Julian.
“You said she would pound on the door,” he said.  “Ringing the doorbell doesn’t count.”
“Give her time,” said Julian.
She rang several more times, and then began to walk away.  She stopped, looked at Julian’s car, and ran back up to the front door, and began hammering on it.
“Julian!” she said.  “JULIAN!!   PLEASE!  I KNOW YOU’RE IN THERE!”
“That’s two,” said Julian.
“The easiest two,” said Milo.
Priscilla continued to pound on the door.
“JULIAN.  JULIAN!  PLEASE!”
Milo turned to his friend.
“Lively woman,” he said.
“Yes, she is.”
Priscilla banged on the door with a greater fervor.
“OPEN THIS DOOR, YOU BASTARD!” she yelled.
Julian was a little taken aback.
“I hadn’t expected rage that quickly,” he said.  “I’ll have to keep that in mind.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, nothing….”  
Priscilla hammered on the door again and again.
“JULIAN!!!” she screamed.  “JULIAN!!!!”
She kept pounding on the door, but her blows grew weaker and weaker, and she began to cry.
“Julian,” she said, more quietly between sobs.  “Oh, God, Julian.  No.  Not you.  Not you, too….”
“That’s three,” said Julian.
Milo sighed.
“How do I let you talk me into these things?” he asked.
Priscilla slumped against the door, weeping.  She continued to make tiny little blows on the door.  Then she stepped back away from it, holding her head.
Milo straightened up.
“That was a slump,” he said.  “That wasn’t a collapse.”
“Priscilla,” Julian said softly.  “Don’t let me down.”
Priscilla walked slowly, dizzily toward her car.  She leaned against it, her face buried in her hands.  She stayed that way for several minutes, then slowly dropped her hands and stood mutely for a moment.  Then she put her hand in her purse and pulled out her car keys.
Milo jumped up.
“She did it!” he yelled.  “No collapse!”
Julian sighed.
 “I was so sure of it,” he said.  “Without the collapse, I’ll never get anywhere.”
“What do you mean?”
“Nothing.…”
Priscilla put the keys into the car door, and then suddenly slumped against it.  She stayed in that position for a minute, and then slowly slid down, into a heap on the ground.
Julian jumped up.
“I knew it!” he yelled.
Milo’s shoulders fell, and he sighed deeply, shaking his head.  He looked up at Julian.
“Well, what?” he asked.  “Are we just going to leave her there?”
“I don’t want her to see me right now,” Julian said.  “You go down and take care of her.  Tell her I’ve been out of town for the last couple of days, and you’re looking after the house.  Say you were out in the backyard if she asks why you didn’t answer the door.”
“All right,” said Milo.
He made his way downstairs, to attend to the crumpled woman in the driveway.

Chapter 17

The next afternoon, Julian called Priscilla.
“Yes?” she answered weakly.
“Priscilla,” he said, “it’s Julian.”
“Julian?”
“Yes.  My God, I am so, so sorry.”
“Julian?”
“Yes.  I am so sorry.  I heard about last night.”
“It’s Julian?”
“Yes.”
“That old, heartless bastard Julian?” she growled.
That got a little rise out of him, but he let it pass.  
“Please don’t be angry,” he said.  “I was out of town and didn’t have your number.  Are you all right?”
“Like you care, you ugly old worm.”
He let that one pass as well.
“Priscilla, please, don’t be angry.”
She burst into tears.
“You have no idea what I’ve been through!” she cried.  “I almost went out of my mind.  How could you not return my calls?”
“I was out of town,” he said, “and I had accidentally left my cell phone at home.”
“But you have my number from the email I had sent you!  You could have looked it up!  What, there are no computers where you were?  You just don’t care, you horrid old bastard!”
“Priscilla, please!  Let me explain.”
“What?  What could possibly explain why you’ve torn me apart this way?”
“I deleted that email.  I had your number stored on my cell phone.”
“Well, why didn’t you have someone go into your house and find it so you could call me?”
“I did.  I had a friend come by to search for it, but it turned out that I had left it in the trunk of my car.  I just now found it.”
“Do you know what that did to me?  Do you have the slightest idea?”
“I’m sorry.  It was awful of me.”
“I cried for hours that first day.  And then I got enraged at you, and I…I damaged some things in my apartment.  And then I just fell into the deepest pit you can imagine.  I couldn’t eat.  I couldn’t sleep.  I just wanted to die.  Oh!  It was horrible!  How could you do such a thing?”
“Priscilla, I’m trying to explain….”
“It was so thoughtless.  If I meant anything to you, you’d never let that happen!”
“Priscilla, I am so, so sorry.  Please.  Let me come see you.”
“Why?  So you can mangle me some more?”
She started sobbing again.
“Oh, you monster!” she said.  “How could you treat me this way?”
“Priscilla, please,” he said.  “I want to see you.  Let me make it up to you.”
“How could you?  How could you possibly make it up to me?  Oh!  You don’t know what it’s like!  You act so nice to me, and then you just abandon me.  After all I’ve given you!  You must think you’re so wonderful, with your big house and your fancy car.  But you don’t deserve me.  I’m young, and I’m beautiful, and I’m full of life.  You’re just a dried-up old maggot - an old, old maggot!”
She was really beginning to get on his nerves now, but it only increased his resolve.  Unlike Felicia, he was developing no fondness for this one.
“Priscilla, please,” he said.  “Don’t be so cruel.  I understand that I’ve caused you pain.  I’m so, so sorry.  That’s the last thing I would ever want to do.  You have every right to be enraged with me.  But please, don’t let this come between us.  I…I don’t know what I’d do if you shut me out of your life.  Do you think you’re the only one who is vulnerable?   Do you think you’re the only one who has been caught up in this rapture that we’ve found together?  Please, don’t close yourself off from me.  I do care.  I care for you more than you could possibly imagine.”
She began to sob hysterically.
“Oh, God,” she cried.  “The pain I’ve been through.  I can’t take it anymore.  I haven’t had the strength to get out of bed, and if I had had any strength I would have just killed myself - anything to end this misery.  Don’t you know?  Don’t you know?  God, I thought you understood.”
“Priscilla, I do understand.  I know the depths with which you feel.  I would never have intentionally neglected you this way.  It was an emergency business trip - I had tens of millions at stake.”
“Why didn’t you leave and come home as soon as you realized you couldn’t call me?  That’s what any real man would do.”
Wow, Julian thought.  This is astounding….
“Priscilla,” he said.  “I…I have no defense.  All I can do is throw myself at your mercy.”
Her sobs began to calm into sniffles.
“You don’t deserve it,” she said.
“I know,” he said.  “I know.  I am unworthy.  But mercy is precisely for the unworthy.  Can you find it in your heart to forgive me, to give me one more chance?”
“One more chance to destroy me?  How could I?  There’s so little left to destroy.  All I am is rubble.  You don’t know.  You just don’t know.  Nobody knows….”
“Priscilla, I do know.  Believe me.  I know what it’s like.  How do you think I felt when I realized that I had no way to reach you?  I could only imagine what you were thinking, how you were feeling.”
“Then why didn’t you just come home?”
“It was a terrible lapse in judgment.  I was trying to keep from losing millions, but then I realized that one could never put a price on your feelings.  I thought I could handle it quickly, but as it dragged on, I went into a panic thinking about how you must be feeling, so I just left it all to return home.”
Her sniffles continued, but then softened.
“You did?” she asked.  “You gave that up for me?”
“Yes,” he said, “but I should have done it sooner.”
“Yes, you should have.  You could have spared me this agony.”
“The agony was mine as well.  On the flight home, I was beside myself.  I feared I might lose you forever.”
“So…so you felt it as well?”
“Yes, I was sobbing like an infant.”
“Oh, my poor baby….”
“You have so much life in you - such ecstasy, and rage, and sorrow.  How could any man not be utterly captured by you?”
“I’m…I’m a lot to handle….”
“You’re intoxicating.  I’ve never met a woman like you.”
“Do you mean that?”
“Yes, of course.  But I’m certain you’ve heard that so many times.  How could you not have every man under your spell?”
“None of them seem to know how to deal with me.  They all seem to get…frightened off….”
“But Priscilla, I know how to deal with you.”
“Do you?  Do you really?”
“Yes.  And if you give me one more chance to see you, I promise that you’ll discover that I do.”
“Oh!  Oh, you dear, dear man….”
“So, you will?  You’ll give me another chance?”
She was silent for a moment, and then said, “Yes.”
“Oh, Priscilla, you have no idea how happy I am!”
“One more chance.”
“That’s all I ask.”
“We’ll see what you can do with it.”
“Yes.  We shall.”
“Maybe we can meet tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow?  No, no, my darling.  I’ve been out of my mind the last two days.  I want to see you now.”
“I don’t know.  I need time to recover.”
“I can help you.  I can do more for you than you can imagine.”
“I’m…I’m a bit of a mess.”
“That’s only because of the intensity of your emotions that have been ravaging you.  And it’s that intensity that I want to see.  I want to see it now.”
“I don’t know….”
“Please, Priscilla.  I do know.  I want to see you as naked as you are.  It’s your depths that seize me.  You say you’re a bit of a mess, but that simply makes you all the more beautiful.  It’s the real you, pulled every which way by your passions.  That’s who I want to see.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“You think that you can…handle all of that?”
“Oh, believe me,” he said.  “I know I can.”
“Well, I guess I could freshen up a little.  Should I come over?”
“No.  I want to come see you where you are, where you’ve been the last two days.  I want to be in the bed in which you’ve felt so much of life tearing at you. I want to revel in your surroundings.”
“I don’t know.  I’d have some straightening up to do.  I’ve broken a few things….”
“Priscilla, please, don’t let it worry you.  I want to see the full fury of your passion.”
“Are you sure?”
“More than you could possibly know.”
“Um…all right.  I guess....”
“Can I come by now?”
“I’ll need an hour or two.”
“An hour - that’s all that I can bear.  What’s your address?”
She gave him her address.
“All right, my precious,” he said.  “One hour.”
“Okay.  I’ll see you then.”
“I can hardly wait.”
They ended their call.  Julian began to pace around the room to let some time pass, building his intensity as he kept repeating to himself the words that she had spoken:  “Ugly old worm….  Old, old maggot….  Old, old maggot - eh?  Old, old maggot….”

Chapter 18

Julian found a parking spot a block away from Priscilla’s apartment building.  It wasn’t the nicest part of town, and he hoped that no one would mess with his Bentley.
He rang her doorbell. She buzzed him in, and he made his way upstairs, and through the shabby hallway to her door.  He knocked, having no idea what might await him on the other side.
She opened the door, wearing the most hideous lingerie he had ever seen.  She looked like she had aged another ten years since the last time they had met.  She threw her arms around him and buried her head in his neck, biting and sucking on it like a starving kitten.  He was utterly repulsed, but careful not to show it.  He pushed her away gently and closed the door, saying, “Not just now.  I know you’re not feeling well.”
“I feel fine,” she said, “now that you’re back.”
“But…you’ve been through so much.”
“But I’m fine now.  More than fine!  I’m so happy to have you here.  God, Baby, I missed you so much.”
She began to tug away at his belt buckle.
“Let’s sit down first,” he said.  “Let’s talk a bit.”
“Let’s talk later,” she said.
“No, let’s talk now.”
“NO!” she yelled.  “We talk LATER!”
Julian was taken aback by her sudden rage, but didn’t show it, and gently held her by the shoulders and smiled sweetly.
“I want to make sure that everything is all right between us,” he said.
“It’ll be fine,” she said, wrestling with his belt buckle, “if I could just get your clothes off….” 
Julian had a momentary thought of going along with it, just to enjoy the hideousness of it all, but decided that he wanted to get her into as agitated a state as possible.
“I really think we need to talk some things out first,” he said.
“What’s wrong?” she sneered.  “Can’t get your limp old dick up?” 
“Priscilla!  Please.  I just want to talk a bit.  Why are you so harsh with me?”
“Because you hurt me so much!  Oh, I’m sorry, Baby.  Please, let’s just get these clothes off of you and you can make love to me and then after that we can talk and talk….”
“Really,” he said as he grabbed her hands and held them down.  “I think it would be best if we just took it slowly for a moment.”
“That’s it!   Grab me!  Hold me down!  Do it rough!”
“We’re not doing anything rough.  We’re just going to have a nice, quiet conversation.”
“What is WRONG with you?” she yelled as she fought to free her hands.
“Nothing is wrong.  I just think you seem a bit…out of control at the moment.”
“Out of control!?  Out of control!?  Of course, I’m out of control!  That’s what this is all about!”
“Well, frankly, you’re alarming me.”
“What do you mean!?  My God, what are you doing to me?  Why are you keeping yourself from me?”
She escaped his grasp and tried to tear open his shirt.
“Priscilla!” he said as he grabbed her wrists and pinned them behind her back.  She glared at him with her eyes blazing.
“Please,” he said, “Indulge me in this.” 
He led her to the sofa and sat her down, still holding her wrists behind her as he sat next to her.  Her eyes stayed glued to his, vibrating with frustration.
“You,” she said, “you…son of a bitch.  You send me into hell and then you sweet talk your way over her and now you won’t even be a MAN.  LET ME GO!”
“I’m not going to let you go,” he said, “until you promise to stop acting like a crazy woman.”
“Why you…,” she said as she struggled against him.  “How DARE you call me that!?  Don’t you EVER call me that again!”
He had to fight to keep her under control, finally wrestling her down on the sofa and kneeling on top of her upper arms to immobilize her.  
“Oh,” he said, “I dare.  Look at yourself.  You’re out of your mind.”
She tried to wriggle out from underneath him but was hopelessly pinned.
“That’s better,” he said.  “Now we can have a nice, civilized conversation.”
She glared up at him, rage building, saying nothing.
“We can talk about other things,” he said.  “Like poetry.  I know you love poetry.”
She squirmed underneath him.
“Fuck poetry,” she said.
“Tsk, tsk,” he said, “such a potty-mouth.”
An evil smile crept across his face.  She noticed his changed expression but didn’t know what to make of it.  He continued.
“What happened to that sensitive woman with her love of literature?” he asked.   “It seems as though a lascivious beast has taken her over.”
“You’ve been enjoying it,” she said.
“All things in their proper time.”
“This is a very proper time.”
“No.  I don’t think it is.  You said some very cruel things to me, and I want you to take them back.”
“I was angry.  I was hurt.   Get OFF of me!”
“Yes, I know.  And how you lash out when you’re angry.”
“I have a temper.”
“So I’ve noticed.”
“It’s part of being passionate.  You said you liked that.”
“Oh, I do.  It was fun.”
“See?”
“Yes.  It was marvelous fun - once.”
A bit of confusion crossed her face.
“What do you mean, once?” she asked.
“I mean, it was quite amusing," he said.  "A woman meets me in a darkly lit bar, in a sleazy little outfit.  She exhibits a pathological craving for sex.  How could a man pass up such an opportunity?”
“What do you mean, once?”
“Well, my dear, after a night of such depravity, you can hardly expect a man to want a repeat performance.”
Her confusion grew, and her mouth began to quiver.
“But…but,” was all she could muster.
“But, but, but,” he said.  “You sound like a little motorboat.”
“What…what are you saying?”
“My God, for a woman who has thrown her vagina at so many men, you really don’t understand much about us, do you?”
A look of panic began to creep onto the already complicated expression on her face.  Her mouth fell open, but she was unable to speak, so Julian kept the conversation alive.
“The chance for a quick, anonymous bonk is one of our greatest joys,” he said.  “But after that, the only feeling we can have for such a woman is revulsion.”
“But…but...,” she said.
“There she goes again, my demented little motorboat.  What?  Do you think that kind of behavior of yours inspires our higher nature?  Do you expect adoration to follow?  My darling, the only thing that follows that is the need for maximum distance - and a shower.”
New emotions were adding to her increasingly contorted face.
“But,” she said, “you...I…we….”
“Yes, my sunflower?” he said.  “What is it you’re trying to say?”
“But...our second date….”
“Ah, that.  Well, a date is hardly the right term.  One thinks of a romantic dinner, or of taking in a play.  Our second romp might be a better word.  I don’t imagine you’ve had many of those.  Have any men ever asked you out a second time?”
She began to hyperventilate.
“I don’t imagine any have,” he continued.  “I can see a long history of it:  frantic copulation, followed by the abrupt disappearance of your cohort.  And then you, chasing maniacally after him, as he dodges you like a thief fleeing a pursuing constable.  And then you, ending up back here, curled up like a fetus, sinking into your little pit of doom.  What a dreary pattern.  It must just sap the life out of you, more and more each time.”
“But,” she said, her voice shaking, “you saw me again….”
“Yes.  That.  You don’t think it was because I wanted to make love to you again, do you?”
A small look of curiosity was added to her aura of terror.
“But...yes,” she said.  “All those things you said.…”
“You are a gullible one, aren’t you?” he said.  “Of course, I wanted to see you again.  Not out of affection, or even less, out of erotic desire.”
“But…why?”
“Because.  You’re a fascinating specimen.  I have a lively curiosity, and the opportunity to see someone like you become fully unraveled, well, it was too rich to pass up.  That was quite a performance you had last night, your little display at my home.  I was there, of course, watching with my friend.  I even lured him into a wager that you would show up and go through your antics.”
Her whole body went limp underneath him.  She looked at him, helplessly.
“You shall know the truth,” he said, “and the truth will set you free….”
She turned her face away.
“Why?” she asked.  “Why are you here?”
He shrugged.
 “It’s tourism,” he said.  “…nothing more.  It’s like observing some bizarre wonder of nature, or the aftermath of a disaster - the flattened trees near Mount Saint Helens, or the ruins of Pompei….”
He took hold of her jaw and turned her face towards him, examining it closely.
“Yes,” he said, “it’s like that as well, the ruins of an ancient place - the damage, the erosion, the insults of time….  The light of day does you no favors.  You’re getting old, my dear. You, too, are showing signs of decay….”
“Oh, God,” she said.  “Oh, God.…”
“It’s difficult, I know.  The truth can be so harsh.”
“Please….”
“Yes?’
She could barely speak.  He let go of her head, and it fell back to the side.
“Please.” she said.  “Go.”
“Go?” he said.  “And leave you here alone?  No, I’m afraid that’s a terrible idea.”
She tried to ask again but didn’t have the strength to expel the words.
Julian carefully climbed off her.
“I can tell that those hands of yours will be much more well-behaved now,” he said.
He sat on the arm of the sofa, watching her closely.  She rolled onto her side and brought her knees to her chest.  A low moan was barely audible.
Julian spoke to her.
“It’s extraordinary, really,” he said, “how quickly your moods cycle - frantic mania, to rage, to a deep, deep plummet.  One day without a phone call and you’re ready to jump off a cliff.  And this is going to be a bad one, I fear, much worse than before.”
She was motionless, and unresponsive, so Julian just kept speaking, but now as a soliloquy.
“You ascended to quite a height, meeting me,” he said, “running around at work, acting like a giddy fool.  What a plunge, from there to here.  This will definitely be a new low.  I’m not sure you can make it out of this one.  If you think that you’ve been in pain before, that’s nothing compared to what you’ll be feeling soon.  I know that in the past, your bouts have been horrendous - all that suffering, all that despair.  How many times have you wanted to just end it all?  I’m guessing many.  How many times have you actually tried?  I’ll hazard another guess:  you’ve made attempts, but you’ve failed.  They were only halfhearted.  The pain was too much to bear, but you still had hope, and it kept you from succeeding.  You had the notion that it could somehow be different.  Next time - the next man you would meet would love you, adore you, and rescue you from your madness.
“But now you know the truth.  There’s no one who can do that.  Lord knows, you’ve tried enough of us.  No one has even come close, have they?  You had some manic moments when you thought that it might be me.  But darling, look how very wrong you were.  Now you get to see us as we really are - beasts to the core.  It’s only gotten worse and worse in your life, hasn’t it?  Once you were young, and desirable.  What’s left for you now that that has faded away?  Meeting men in darkened bars, so they can’t see how much older you are than you appear in your photographs - really, now.  I would imagine that little quim of yours was once quite the magnet.  But it’s gotten old, my dear.  It’s become stale, and frankly, a bit squalid from all the seed that it’s imbibed….”
He watched her for a minute as she was silently deflating.
“Oh, my tulip,” he continued, “- what a pickle you’re in!  Sinking deeper and deeper, and nothing to stop you anymore.  No more vain hope to slow your descent.  No, it would be unthinkable for me to leave.  I fear that you would only harm yourself.”
He sat quietly, just watching her as she lay motionlessly....
After ten minutes of this, he stood up, pulled a pair of latex gloves from his pocket, slipped them on, and began to explore her living room.  It was devoid of all the little frills that he usually found in a woman’s home.  No photographs of friends or family.  No odd little objects or keepsakes.  He looked at her book collection.  Yes, she did have some Jane Austen, and some Emily Dickinson.  And Sylvia Plath!  She owned every book that Sylvia had ever written.  She wasn’t kidding.
He began to roam through the rest of her apartment, looking for items that might come in handy as the afternoon progressed.  He looked through her bathroom.  There was nothing useful there, no razor blades, nothing in her medicine cabinet that would be fatal if overdosed....
He wandered into her bedroom.  Yes indeed, she had broken a few things in the last few days.  He avoided the broken glass as best as he could, looking through her drawers and under her pillows to see if she kept a gun in her home, but found none.
He went into her kitchen to see what toxins she might have in a sink cabinet - liquid drain openers had so many more uses than normally advertised.  The first thing he noticed upon entering was a lovely antique stove, completely out of character with the rest of her dismal apartment.  He imagined that it must belong to her, perhaps a family heirloom.  He knew that model - no pilot light for the oven, and no fussy safety valve on the gas line.  If one turned on the gas, it would simply build, and build….
He thought about that for a minute.  Modern gas wasn’t as lethal as the old coke-fired forms, but enough of it in a sealed room would asphyxiate, especially if someone was passed out or asleep….
He examined the kitchen more closely.  There was only one small window, which was closed, and upon further inspection, quite well sealed.  There was no water heater, or anything else which might have an open flame.  There was only one doorway - the one leading into the living room, where Priscilla was still lying on her sofa.  He glanced in on her.  It was like watching a stew slowly cook.  It would take a while before it was ready - and might need a bit of tending to from time to time.  A little stir here and there….
There was a single French door with a dozen glass panes, hinged to the doorframe.  He closed it to see how tightly it fit.  It was quite snug on top and on the sides, but there was a quarter-inch opening between it and the floor that could present a problem.
He rummaged through the cabinets and found a large towel in one.  He took it out and set it next to the doorway.  Feeling a little thirsty, he opened her refrigerator.  He found a soft drink, which he carried back into the living room, where he sat down in a chair and resumed his vigil.
He was enjoying his soft drink as he watched Priscilla.  He heard a tiny sound from her, so he went over and knelt beside her.
“How are we feeling, my little rosebush?” he asked.  “Is it dark in there?”
She emitted a small moan.
“My,” he said, “it sounds dreadful.  Anything I can get for you - can of Sprite?”
He heard her mutter something inaudible.
“Beg pardon?” he said.  “I can’t hear you.”
He leaned in, putting his ear next to her mouth.  She tried again.
“You’re inhuman,” she barely said.
“Oh,” he said.  “On the contrary, I’m as human as human gets….”
He hadn’t thought that it would be possible for her to become any more deflated than she already was, but when those words reached her, she went completely limp.  He kept his ear near her mouth, but there were no more words of hers to come.  Eventually, he stood back up, and took his seat in the chair, watching her again.  They stayed like for another twenty minutes before Priscilla moved, just a bit.  He went to her side and knelt, speaking softly into her ear.
“It’s so painful,” he said, “and so unnecessary.  How many have times you’ve been here before?  But never like this, I’m sure.”
She tried to speak, but he couldn’t hear.  Again, he leaned in with his ear to her mouth.
“Say again?” he asked.
“I want to sleep,” she barely whispered.
“Oh, I’m sure you do.  But you know there’s no sleep for you in this state.  Perhaps a short nod, filled with nightmares, and then a sudden jolt back into your misery, but no real sleep.  How nice it would be.  ‘Nature’s balm’, Shelley called it.  But you’re far beyond that.  There’s no balm that will heal you anymore.”
“I want to sleep….”
“Would that you could - and would that it would help.  Sorry.”
“Please, help me sleep.”
“There’s nothing I can do.  Sedatives would only make it worse.  I’m afraid the only sleep left for you is the Big One, the one that would finally give you peace.”
“Yes,” she said.
“Is that the one you want?”
“Yes.”
“But how?  You don’t even have the strength to move.”
“Help me.”
“I’m sorry.  I can’t do that - a little vow to myself.  I can’t use my hands - only my words.”
“Please.”
He leaned in toward her and spoke softly.
“That’s a wonderful stove in your kitchen.  Yours, I’m guessing?”
She gave no response.  He continued.
“You must have had it hauled all the way up here,” he said.  "You must have a great fondness for it.  It’s a marvelous old relic, with none of the modern safety features.  If you turn the gas on in the oven and forget to light it, the gas just builds and builds…  A person could turn it on, and lay her head inside, and sleep would come, very quickly.  No pain.  No discomfort.  Just a gentle nap, never to awaken again to your misery.  Just like your dear Ms. Plath did to end her little horror show.  And it’s the only thing in here that conveys your personal touch.  How fitting an altar to surrender yourself to.”
“Help me,” she whispered.
“I can only use words.  I can offer you support - a few words of encouragement.  You know I’m your biggest fan.”
“Please.  Take me there.  It hurts so much.”
“Sorry.  That I can’t do.  But I know you can.  There’s still a little bit of life left in you.  You can feel it, stabbing away at you, and you know it will never stop.  Use it.  Make one last little effort.  All you have to do is drag yourself in there, turn on the gas, open the oven door, and flop your head inside.  You’ll just be enveloped by a loving, merciful cloud.  Then nature will simply take its course.”
“Please.  Help me in there.”
“You’ll sleep so much better if you do it yourself.”
He stood up and watched as she struggled to lift herself up, but all she could manage was to roll off the sofa and fall onto the floor.
“That’s my girl,” said Julian.  “You’re halfway home.”
She slowly crawled into the kitchen.   Julian walked behind her and added his advice.
“You should close the door to the living room,” he said.  “There’s a towel next to the door.  Shove it against the bottom of the door to seal the gap.  It will keep the gas in the kitchen and help you get to sleep more quickly.”
While still on her hands and knees, Priscilla picked up the towel.  She looked up at Julian as he stood on the other side of the threshold.
“You could have stopped this,” she said weakly.
He looked directly at her, and then smiled.
“I could have,” he said.  “But I won’t.”
She leaned backwards and took in a small gasp of air, the victim of one final blow.
Julian walked back into the living room and took his seat, watching this all unfold through the windows of the French door.
Priscilla slowly closed the door and pushed the towel against the opening at the bottom.   Using the last of her strength, she crawled over to the stove, opened the oven door, removed all the shelves inside, turned on the gas, dropped her torso on the open oven door, and let her head fall inside.  
She was so devoid of energy after all her efforts that from that moment on, she never moved a muscle.  Julian knew it would take a while for asphyxiation to set in, so he settled in to watch.  There wasn’t much to see.  Her death looked no different than the last moments of her life.  Julian couldn’t tell exactly when she died.  He merely contented himself watching what, from his vantage point, appeared to be a non-event.    
He stayed there long after he knew she was gone, wanting to observe as much as he could.  But after a while, he began to catch a slight whiff of gas, and decided it was probably time to go.
He let himself out, making sure that no one saw him leave.  He made his way quickly to his car, and then realized that he needed to report the gas leak.  As luck would have it, there was a pay phone on the corner.
Still wearing his gloves, he looked through the attached phone book for the gas company’s emergency number, and then entered it.   He was happy to discover that there was an option for the mute which allowed him to report the location of a hazardous gas leak by entering information by touchtone.  He did so, grateful that he didn’t need to leave a record of his voice.
He got back into his car and waited for the utility truck.  It arrived quickly, and he watched the crew enter Priscilla’s building.  After a few minutes an ambulance raced by with its siren wailing.  It stopped in front of her building, and the paramedics ran inside.  Twenty minutes later a slow, silent coroner’s van pulled up.
He started his car and pulled away from the curb, pleased with his actions of calling in to prevent a catastrophe.  No need to harm the innocents, he thought.

Chapter 19

That evening found Julian alone in his library.  He was sipping a delicate sherry while browsing through two brand new books that he had added to his collection the day before.
The first was an updated edition of the psychiatry textbook that he had previously owned.  He had purchased it to read up on nymphomania, but that was no longer included as a specific diagnosis.  Instead, he had read everything on bi-polar disorders, and had found it all very helpful in dealing with Priscilla.  He was skimming through it now at random, amazed and delighted by the pantheon of pathological disorders that infected the world around him.  It was like touring a jungle, being astounded at the variety and ferocity of life.
He set that down after a while, and then picked up his other new book - “The Crimes of Love” by the Marquis de Sade.  He had tried reading him years ago, and found him dull, but now he was wildly amused by the ramblings of the mad old Frenchman, underlining passages, adding notes to the margins....
After an hour, he set that book down, and found himself simply leaning back in his chair, with a sense of utter contentment.  All felt right in the world.  He allowed room for that emotion to blossom, simply enjoying his sherry and his favorite chair.  Before long, the feeling had escalated to a rapturous joy.  There was nothing he could do but inhale the fragrant scent of that rare flower and let himself bathe in it.  He sat thusly for hours, with hardly a thought in his head, except for the notion that all was in balance, all debits paid, all credits received.

Chapter 20

The next evening, Milo had accepted Julian’s invitation to come by for dinner.  They were sitting in the library, enjoying their drinks, as a small staff of caterers prepared their meal in the kitchen.  Julian had originally thought of going out for dinner but was strangely unwilling to leave his library that day.  The experience of the night before was still lingering as an afterglow, and he felt as if leaving that room would disturb the gentle landing from the heights to which he had soared.  
Milo found his behavior a bit odd, but that was nothing new.  But he could tell that Julian was in an unusual state - he had an almost transcendent aura about him.  Milo was tempted to inquire, but decided to let it be, as it was probably just a passing breeze.  But it was Julian who began to speak about it.
“Milo,” he said, “I had the most wondrous evening last night.”
“What did you do?” asked Milo.
“Nothing, really.  I was here, at home.  But I found myself swept up into an overwhelming sense of happiness. It arose from nowhere, but it seemed to take me to the greatest heights, like I was touching the edge of some great revelation.”
“How nice.”
“It was.  I still feel the aftermath of it today.”
“You do seem in a special mood.”
“I am.  It’s only a faint echo of what I experienced last night, but the taste of it lingers.”
“And just out of nowhere?”
“Yes.  I was just sitting here, and it began to arise.  It was like a very special gift - as if I had a birthday that I knew nothing about.”
“Well, a toast to your mysterious holiday.”
They raised their glasses and sipped.  Julian found himself unable to stop speaking about it, as if it was some sort of puzzle that he was trying to solve.
“It wasn’t a simple joy, or just a feeling of bliss,” he said.  “It was more a sense of…something being righted, like a ship that had been listing to one side suddenly finding its perfect sense of balance.”
Milo could see that his friend was off in a bit of reverie, so he remained silent, and left Julian to his own thoughts.  It was then that the waiter knocked gently at the door.  Julian didn’t notice, so Milo went to the door, and let him in.  The table was already set up in the library, and the waiter rolled in a cart brimming with appetizers. Milo directed him to the table, and then took a seat.  The waiter left, and then returned with a variety of wines.  Normally, Milo would allow his host to make the selection, but as Julian was dreamily gazing around, Milo allowed the waiter to choose.  The wine was poured, and the waiter left the room, closing the door behind him.  Milo sat at the table, waiting for his friend to join him.  Several minutes passed before Julian noticed that the appetizers had arrived, and he promptly took his seat.
“I’m sorry, Milo,” he said.  “You should have started in without me.  How long has this been here?”
“Only a minute or so,” said Milo.  “I didn’t want to disturb you.”
“Well, thank you.  I guess I was off in my own world.”
“It seemed like a lovely world.”
“It was,” he smiled.  “It is.”
Milo lifted his wine glass.
“Well,” he said, “we can certainly drink to that.”
Julian lifted his.
“Yes,” he said, “we can.”
They each took a sip of their wine.
“I let the waiter choose the wine,” said Milo.  “I hope you don’t mind.”
“Not at all,” said Julian.  “I have no idea what’s on the menu.  I hired Francois and just told him to surprise us.”
“An excellent call.”
“Thank you.”
They began to try out the appetizers, each one a treasure on its own, but perfectly complimenting the others as well.  They ate in silence, Milo still allowing Julian his private psychic space.
There was a soft knock at the door.  Again, Julian didn’t notice, so Milo let in the waiter, who was bringing in the soup.  Milo smiled and placed his hand on the waiter’s shoulder.
“There’s no need to knock,” he said.  “Just let yourself in.”
The waiter nodded, placed the soup at their places, and took his leave.
Julian caught the scent of the soup, and leaned forward, savoring the smell.
“Ah,” he said.  Then he looked at Milo.
“It’s passed now,” he said.
“What’s passed?” asked Milo.
“The reverie.  I’m back.”
“It seemed like a pleasant journey.”
“Oh, it was.  There’s just the smallest remnant now.  A memory,” he smiled, “…a very fond memory.”
“It all passes in time.”
“It does, doesn’t it?  All things pass - the good, the bad, pleasure, pain….  But that sense of balance, that sense of being righted somehow…I hope to remember that.  It seemed like a state beyond all the others.”
“The mystic ideal, the Axis Mundi - the nave around which all the spokes of life revolve….”
“You think?”
“Who knows?  You speak of it in the same terms that others have - the Enlightened, the Cognoscenti.  When they find the point of perfect balance, all the lesser values fade.  Joy, sadness, hope, despair - all become meaningless.  Standing in the absolute center point is the ultimate experience, beyond all the opposites.  You’ve had a glimpse.”
“But how to bring it back?  And how to maintain it?”
“Ah, now there’s the question.  Ascetics strive for it with all they have, and it’s elusive, even for them.  I doubt that it’s within the reach of a couple of decadent old farts like us.”
Julian sighed.
“Of course, you’re right,” he said.  “But what an odd thing that it should alight upon my shoulder, if only for a night.”
“It has its own ways,” said Milo.
“I suppose it does.”
“Incredible soup….”
“Isn’t it?”
Julian stirred his soup, thoughtfully.
“Why not me?” he asked.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Why not me?” Julian repeated.  “Perhaps there’s a calling I’ve overlooked.  Something I’m meant to pursue.  Something that’s veiled by all…” he looked around his roomful of treasures and held his hands open, “…this.”
Milo shrugged.
“Why not you?” he asked.   “Callings have seized upon odder men.”
“I wonder,” said Julian.  “I truly wonder….”
“It requires dedication.  There are vows to be made.”
“Traditionally, yes.”
“Poverty, chastity….”
“But who’s to say those are necessary?  Perhaps a more circuitous route….”
“One leading through bordellos?  Intoxicants?  Mindlessly frittered wealth?”
“Yes.  Yes.  And yes.”
Milo shrugged.
“Who’s to say?” he asked.
“Precisely!”
“Only time will tell.”
“Yes, I suppose.  But I tell you, Milo, should that experience ever return to me again, should that absolute resplendence ever find its way into my soul again, I vow, here and now, I will do everything I can to find its secret, and do whatever is necessary to seize it.”
“And how do you suppose you might do that?”
Julian laughed.
“I have no idea,” he said.
“Nor do I, I’m afraid,” said Milo.
“It’s a tricky business.”
“That it is.”
Julian toyed with his soup, mulling the thought.
“It’s not going to happen,” he asked, “is it?”
“Probably not,” replied Milo.
Julian sighed. 
“Oh, well,” he said.
The waiter entered again, this time delivering their main course.  The aroma that entered the room was incredible.  Both Julian and Milo closed their eyes, leaned their heads back, and slowly inhaled.  They both opened their eyes at the same time, smiling at one another.
“Life is good,” said Julian.
“Life is good,” Milo agreed.
 

Chapter 21

Life was certainly not good for Gwendolyn.  She lay in her bed, sobbing while buried under her blankets.  How could she have been such a fool?  How could she have let this happen again?
She had let her guard down and allowed feelings of affection to arise.  Michael had done so much to draw them out, showering her with attention, and declaring his love for her.  But as she had been out running an errand, there he was, at a sidewalk café, nibbling at the nape of another woman’s neck.  
Why was it so hard?  Why did she have so much love to give, but no one ever seemed to have a bit of it to return?  Michael had seemed to genuinely care, but it had all been a lie.  Gwendolyn couldn’t even confront him.  All she could do was watch for a minute, from a distance, before slowly walking away, as the world died before her eyes.
She had no idea what was to become of her now.  She wondered if she would ever come out from underneath her comforter again.
 

Chapter 22

Over the next two days, Julian was unwilling to spend time anywhere but in his library.  He would find himself simply sitting, as if waiting for someone, or something, to arrive and take him elsewhere.  He felt like a lonely man at an empty train depot, with his ragged little suitcase at his side, waiting for his train to arrive, but having no idea whether the station was even in service.  There was no one behind the ticket counter, no other passengers-to-be on the benches.  But there he sat, waiting, hoping….
The station was filled with cobwebs.  The clock on the wall had hands that no longer moved.
 

Chapter 23

Gwendolyn was beginning to stir.  After two days buried underneath her comforter, only sticking her hand out at times for small drinks of water, she was, at last, beginning to feel enough of the vital force return that it felt right to emerge.  She put on her robe, went into her back yard, and sat, taking in the night air.
The summer evening had set her garden in full bloom, and she could smell all the fragrances, with a clarity she never had before.  It made all the hard work she had put into it suddenly seem worth it, if just for that one moment’s scent.
As the night went on, she began to feel a little better.  She took a warm, scented bath, and spent an hour doing her yoga.  Her appetite arose, and she made herself a small meal of vegetables, tofu, and brown rice.  After she finished it, she sat in her living room, reflecting upon the recent events that had brought on her melancholic bout.  Why was it that every man she had ever begun to feel affection for had turned out to be deceitful?  Was it just in their nature, or was she merely that bad at reading into people’s character?
As she looked around the room, her eyes settled on her computer, and she suddenly found herself thinking about the man who had emailed her a week or two ago, the one whose letter had seemed so nice, but who she had casually brushed off with the reply that she was becoming involved with someone, and therefore unavailable.  What was his name?  Jonathan… Jude… No, Julian.
She turned on her computer and logged on to her dating site.  She found his letter, read it again, and then read his profile.  She felt so touched as she did.  Here was a man who looked truly noble and kind.  She felt so heartened to see that there was someone in the world who was actively involved in charity work, and so very moved to read about how he was only now, after three years of grieving and abstinence, reaching out after the loss of a fiancée to a premature death.
How could she have so blithely dismissed someone like him?  Here was someone who had such compassion and substance.  And his photographs seemed to convey such gentleness, as well as a look that he, too, had known suffering.  Certainly, it was too soon for her to pursue any romantic possibilities, but he seemed so sweet, and fragile.  Perhaps, if it wasn’t too late, she could find in him a sympathetic new friend, and so she wrote:

Dear Julian;
I feel I owe you an apology.  I’ve just reread the wonderful letter you sent me and feel terrible that I was so cavalier with my response.  We are all prey to our moments of blindness, and I’m afraid that I have recently gone through one of my own.  How vulnerable this human heart is.  It yearns to be set aflame, but how easily a flame can turn it to ash.
I hope that you can find it in you to forgive me.  It’s apparent that you put a great deal of sincerity into your letter.  And from reading your profile, it’s equally apparent that I’m writing back to a man of great character and compassion.   I would be delighted to make your acquaintance, and offer my friendship, if it’s not too late.
Gwendolyn
 

Chapter 24

That same evening, Julian was slumped in his chair, taking sips from a glass of not particularly pleasant Scotch, a bottle of which had been proffered to him months before by a party guest who obviously had no sensibilities for the finer things of life.  But on this night, Julian had found himself strangely drawn to it, over his exquisitely distilled nectars.
He was three-quarters of the way through the bottle when his doorbell rang.  He ignored it, as well as the second ring.  The third elicited a deep sigh from him, and he pulled himself up to go answer the door.  
“Hello, Milo,” he said as he recognized his friend.  He turned around, leaving the door open, and returned to his library.  Milo came in, shut the door, and followed him in.  Julian slumped back into his chair.  Milo took a seat, holding a book.
“Can I get you a drink?” Julian asked, unenthusiastically.
“I suppose a bit of whatever you’re having,” said Milo.  
Julian laughed a bitter laugh, and said, “Beware what you ask for.”
He poured a glass for his friend and held it out for him.  Milo walked over to Julian’s chair to receive it.
“Thank you,” he said.
“Try it first,” said Julian.  “You may decide to retract.”
Milo took a sip, and grimaced.
“What is this?” he asked.
“Nectar of the Mortals,” Julian replied.
Milo picked up the bottle and examined it.
“Why are you drinking this?” he asked.
Julian held up his glass and studied it.
“When one tumbles from a great height,” he said, “it’s best to drink what’s served at the bottom.”
Milo placed his glass down, and walked over to Julian’s liquor cabinet, where he poured himself a glass of something far more palatable.
“Well,” he said, “I’ve fallen from no heights, so I hope you don’t mind.…”
“Not at all,” said Julian.
Milo returned to his seat, and then handed Julian the book that he had brought.  Julian looked at it.
“Ah,’ he said.  “The Greek Tragedies.   Had your fill, have you?”
“Yes,” said Milo.  “They were quite fun, though.”
“You didn’t need to bring it back.  You were welcome to keep it.”
“No, I thought you might like it back.  I especially recommend ‘Medea’.”
“Do you….”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Oh, just that it’s a good tale.”
Julian dropped the book on the small table at his side and resumed sipping at his glass of vile Scotch.
“Actually,” said Milo.  “I just wanted to drop in on you.  You haven’t been returning my calls.”
“Yes,” said Julian.  “I apologize for that.”
“I wanted to make sure everything was all right.”
“Oh, fine - fine.  Couldn’t be peachier….”
“You don’t look peachy.”
“No?”
“No.  You look appalling.  And drunk.”
“Yes.  And yes.”
“What is it?”
“What is it….  What is it…?” Julian wondered aloud, looking around the room curiously, and then turning back to Milo.  “I can’t say that I know.”
“Life is full of mystery.”
“That it is.”
They sat for several minutes in silence, Milo enjoying his drink, Julian scowling whenever he sampled his.
“So,” Milo finally said.  “You’ve tumbled from a great height….”
“Yes, I suppose I have,” said Julian.
“Are you referring to your rapture of the other night?”
“Yes.”
“These things are unpredictable - and rare.”
“Apparently.”
“I wouldn’t make much of it.”
“I’m not - just balancing the scale a bit.”
“Well, I wish I could join you in your descent, but I could only stop by for a minute.  I have an engagement this evening.”
“Anything interesting?”
“Hardly - dinner with my sister and that dreary thing she refers to as her husband.”
“Oh.  It’s a shame you didn’t stop by an hour ago.  I could have given you the perfect gift to bring along.  But as you can see, I’ve already drunk most of it.”
“Yes, too bad.”  Milo smiled.  “It would have made an eloquent statement.”
They lapsed back into silence for a while.  Finally, Milo stood.
“Well,” he said, “I should be off.”
Julian stood, walked him to the door, and said, “I wish you an enjoyable evening.”
“Thank you,” said Milo.  “But I’m afraid you’re wishing for the impossible.”
“I do that sometimes.”
“Well, try to enjoy yours as well.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“When you’re in the mood for company again, give me a call.”
“Of course.”
“Or if you’re in the mood for distraction, I received another email from Penelope today.  You’ll have to see these to believe them.  I forwarded the photos to you.”
“Perhaps I’ll have a look later on.”
“Even you will find them novel.”
“Well.  Something to look forward to….”
Milo patted his friend on the shoulder.
“Good night,” he said.
“Good night.”
Julian stood at the door, watching Milo climb into his car and drive away.  He looked around at his front grounds, and felt a warm, pleasant evening breeze.  He was in no mood for pleasant breezes, so he closed the door and headed back to his library and his wretched Scotch.  He settled back into his chair and his bout of self-pity.
“Why not me?” he asked the room.  “Why is it that ecstasy is dangled before my eyes, only to quickly fade away?”
He had been thinking about his euphoria of the other night, but he immediately found his thoughts returning to his disastrous last encounter with HER, the girl who had wounded him so.  Another ecstasy which had found its way to him, but this one hadn’t merely faded away like the one the other night.  No, this one had been stolen away by her - grabbed from his hands, thrown to the floor and trampled into the carpet.  Rage erupted in him, and he hurled his bottle of supermarket Scotch across the room, where it shattered against the wall.  He glared at the sudden stain on his very expensive wallpaper.  That was her fault as well.  If not for her insulting existence, that stain would never have appeared.  But there it was.  Evidence that she was a scourge upon the Earth, that all she could leave in her wake was ruin.  
A wave of pain and grief seized him.  He collapsed into his chair, sobbing like a child.  How could his feelings have been so discarded?  What kind of heartless, vicious animal could do that?
The pain instantly cycled back into rage.  She couldn’t be allowed to get away with this.  The skies called out for Justice.  But how?  How?  He had been over it a thousand times before.  He had no idea how he could kill her and get away with it.  But there had to be a way.  He had to come up with one….  
He stood up, walked slowly over to his liquor cabinet, and poured himself a glass of the most expensive Scotch that money could buy.  He took a sip, instantly erasing all traces of the rotgut that had lingered on his palate.  He returned to his chair and turned his thoughts to the finding of a proper solution.
He began by merely glancing around the room.  An inspiration of genius never comes from linear thought, he knew.  Instead, it needs time to gestate.  He had put his mind to the task, and now he just needed to give it room, and let it find its own way.  So he simply let his thoughts wander, happier thoughts, now that he felt a noble purpose at work.  He slowly savored his new drink as he looked aimlessly around.
His eyes settled upon the book that Milo had returned.  He picked it up and began to browse through it.  He skimmed through the introduction and noticed a short summary of “Medea”.  As he read it, he began to sit upright.
“Medea” - The tale of a woman abandoned by her husband, who vows to take her revenge.  But she realizes that to merely kill him would be to let him off too easily.  So instead she kills everyone he holds dear, including their own children, so that he is left with a lifetime of suffering and grief.
Julian took a deep breath, gently closed the book, and set it back down.  A smile grew as he could feel his whole mind recalibrating itself to this new idea.  Of course, he thought.  The question wasn’t how to do away with her.  The question was how to make her suffer for what she had done.
He tried to recall what he could of her life, and who might be important.  She had been raised in a quiet home, an only child, by stern and distant parents - academics, both of them, who pushed her to excel, but never showed her the slightest hint of affection.  They had died in a car accident when she was thirteen, at which point she had been taken in by her only relative, her father’s unmarried sister - a woman with an unusual name that he couldn’t recall - something awkward; something befitting a spinster.  Her aunt was apparently the only person she had ever known as a child who had tried to show her love, but she was a cold and angry girl, the true product of her parents’ neglect, and while in her care, had shown her aunt nothing but disdain and rebellion.
She had only spoken about her aunt briefly during their affair, and always in mocking terms - “Batty, desperate old prude who really needs to get laid” was one that he recalled.  Her aunt had struggled mightily to develop a genuine relationship with her, apparently out of her aunt’s own huge unfulfilled need for love, which had only served to make her aunt an easier target for the cruel girl to torment.  After she had left to attend Harvard on a full scholarship, she never even bothered to contact her aunt anymore, and her aunt’s occasional phone call or letter was never responded to, except for occasional requests for money.  Eventually her aunt’s attempts to convey her love had been beaten down to only daring to send an annual Christmas card, which likewise was never replied to, except for the one time she decided to mortify her aunt by sending her photographs of her work as a lingerie model to show her aunt what a horrible job she had done of raising her.
No, apparently there was no one who meant a thing to her.  Certainly not him, he had learned.  Her only interests were her studies, in philosophy and literature.  What discussions they had had!  He remembered those nights, lying together in his bed after hours of fornication, as he would let his eyes and his hands wander over her exquisite body, and they would talk of Dante, and Tolstoy.  And Plato, Pythagoras, Kant.  Whitehead!  How could a girl, a child almost, with such tight, unsullied skin possess a deeper understanding of Whitehead’s metaphysics than he had been able to muster?  No wonder his heart had burst open so unexpectedly.  All he wanted was her and was willing to give her everything.  What kind of fool would reject that?  What kind of fool would reject him? - only a heartless fool, a heartless, soulless, inhuman fool.
Well, he thought, if there’s one thing in this world that might produce a soul where none exists, it’s suffering.  It was more than simple vengeance for him to make her hurt.  It was his duty.
He let his mind ponder this for a while.  There was nothing he could do to derail her studies, nothing he could think of to destroy that would make her suffer right now….
But he knew this coldness of hers would someday begin to thaw.  There was a heart gestating in her somewhere.  He had simply assumed that when own his heart had burst open for her, hers would naturally follow, and he was stunned when it didn’t. 
But one day that hardness was destined to crack, and when it did, she would no doubt come to realize how much her aunt had sacrificed and cared for her.  Her aunt would be her only connection to her lost childhood, an invaluable thing to a girl who was finally beginning to develop a soul.  How lovely it would be, he thought, if when that finally happened, her aunt was no longer alive.  Not only would her most precious connection be lost, but she would be consumed by guilt over her horrid treatment of her aunt, and would have no chance for redemption.  It would eat at her for all her days.
His mind began to perk up as he thought about this more.  Yes, when her heart would begin to awaken, if her aunt was gone, that would hurt.  But how much more it would hurt if her aunt hadn’t merely passed on but had been brutally taken out!  The horror of learning of her aunt’s murder could very well be the trigger that would finally break her open and fill her with endless pain.
He tried to recall what he could about her aunt.  He seemed to remember that she worked as a librarian.  She lived in a small house in town, the humble home into which she had taken her beautiful, brilliant, orphaned niece, and cared for her until the ungrateful child abandoned her for her Ivy League studies without a word of thanks.
He could probably figure out a way to track her aunt down, but it still brought up the old dilemma – how could he murder someone and get away undetected?  There had to be a way.  And this could be so much easier than killing HER.  With HER, he would be the prime suspect; his motive would be obvious.  But no one would ever think to tie him to some lonely spinster who had met a tragic fate….
He thought for a while, and then decided it was best to just let this brew in his subconscious.  The mere fact that something useful was fermenting there was enough for now to lift his spirits.  He decided to go have a look at the photos that Milo had sent his way.
He walked upstairs to his den and opened his email.  There was an assortment of new things waiting for him there, but he zeroed in on the one from Milo.  He opened the photographs of Penelope’s new employees.
The first photograph brought a smile to his face.  Standing in front of Red Square in Moscow were two blonde, identical twins, each wearing a long mink coat that was opened to reveal that the mink coats were all that they were wearing.  The next featured four lovely, naked East Indian girls, each one demonstrating a different posture from the Kama Sutra.  But it was the third photo that truly made him inhale.  It was a choreographed pose of two stunningly beautiful Japanese women.  One was wearing dominatrix attire, and was standing over the other, who was bound and gagged and kneeling in the most provocatively submissive position that he had ever seen.  
His first impulse was to put in a call to Penelope and make his plans for the night.  But then he thought of Milo, dear Milo, who he was certain, had had the very same impulse, but had decided to wait, and give Julian the opportunity to share the experience with him.  He smiled, knowing that all he could do was return the courtesy.  He would call Milo tomorrow, and they could make their arrangements from there.
He went back into his inbox to see if there was anything else that needed his attention.  Nothing was pressing, but he noticed an email from his Internet dating site informing him that there was a letter waiting for him on their website.  He sighed, and then shook his head.  It was probably another high-powered woman who thought she had seen her equal in him, or any number of other stray, irritating types.  Or perhaps it was a letter from one of the depressed ones to whom he had written, who had suddenly come to her senses and realized what a prime catch he seemed to be.  But that thought only elicited another sigh from him.  He had gone down that road twice now, and each time, it had only provided a temporary relief.  No, his mind was resetting itself upon a different path now.  No need to waste his energy on strangers.
But the night was young, and the Japanese duo would have to wait, so out of boredom, he decided to see who was calling his way.
He logged in to his dating site, and realized, that, yes; it was, in fact one of the women who he had previously emailed.  This was the one whose photo had such a pitifully sad expression that he hadn’t even bothered to read about her before sending off his letter.  He opened her reply and began to read.
Yes, he thought to himself as he read.  An apology - damned right….  Moments of blindness…heart turned to ash…a man of great character and compassion…blah, blah, blah….
When he came to the bottom of the letter, he jerked a bit.  Gwendolyn.  Yes, that was the name of the spinster aunt.  Amazing, he thought, two Gwendolyn’s in the same town….
He pulled up her profile to find out more about her:
Age: Forty-five.
Occupation: Librarian.
No, he thought.  No, it couldn’t be….
He quickly skimmed through:
Interests:  yoga, literature, spirituality, exotic teas, gardening, and New York Times crossword puzzles.
Marital status:  Single, with no children, although she did spend a few years raising her orphaned niece….
No, he thought.  No, this can’t be happening….
Her narrative went into more detail about her family life - parents both deceased, only one sibling - a younger brother who had…died tragically in an automobile accident nine years ago, whereupon she had taken in his only child, a lovely girl of thirteen who was now about to graduate from Harvard….
 Julian’s arms dropped to his sides, stunned.  From a deep, dark place within, an evil smile began to make its way up.  Never, he thought, had the stars ever aligned themselves so perfectly.
He took some time to savor the moment.  No need to track her down now, and perhaps no need for a risky murder.  He could just romance her to the hilt, and then see if he could find some way to guide that sad, sad face to its self-demise.  And how much more traumatic this could be for her niece - to learn not of her aunt’s murder, but even more tragically, of her aunt’s suicide!  She would blame herself, thinking that her cruelty had caused it, and feel tormented forever!
He smiled as he crafted his reply:

Dear Gwendolyn,
No apology is required from you, but if my forgiveness quells any remorse you might harbor, I gladly offer it.
A heart set aflame, only to be turned to ash?  It’s a feeling that I, too, have known.  It might seem like blindness in retrospect, but really, it’s the nature of the heart.  The only tragedy is how others, or the very nature of the world, can fail it.  Loss, indifference, abandonment…these can all take their toll, and force the heart to move to a deeper place, where it might find shelter, and a place to heal, but perhaps a place where it can also learn to grow in ways that it otherwise never could, and to discover a deep appreciation for that most fundamental of human connections - friendship.  Your simple offer of that is one that touches me sincerely, and one that I would be grateful to accept.
I leave it to you as to whether we should begin to foster that through exchanging letters for now, or to meet sometime in person.  Whichever way you feel most comfortable proceeding, I can already sense a special warmth.
Your letter has added a lift to my day.
Julian

Chapter 25

Gwendolyn read Julian’s letter that same night, shortly after he had sent it.  She was so touched by his graciousness, and his understanding. And how happy it made her that he was so open to her offer of friendship!  The thought of simply sitting with him, talking, and sharing their thoughts, sent a warmth through her - and it was one that he, too, already seemed to feel.  She wanted to meet him immediately, so she replied:

Dear Julian,
Thank you so much for your graciousness in overlooking my initial neglect.  I think it would be wonderful to meet for tea anytime.  I’m free most evenings after work and know of a cozy spot in my neighborhood - a perfect atmosphere for what I suspect could be a delightful conversation.
Feel free to call me.  My number is 890-555-2949.
Gwendolyn
 

Chapter 26

Julian had remained at his computer after having sent off his letter to Gwendolyn - first replying to a business email and then watching Japanese pornographic videos.  He was in the middle of enjoying one when he noticed a pop-up indicating that a new email had arrived.  He checked it quickly, hoping that it was a reply from Gwendolyn, and was delighted to see that it was.
He called her the next afternoon.  They exchanged a brief hello, and then agreed that it would be nicer to carry on their conversation in person, so they decided to meet that evening at a small café near her home.
Julian thought this out carefully.  He needed to do everything perfectly from the start - this was the only one that he couldn’t afford to let get away.  He had so little to go on for sizing her up - some belittling remarks from a snotty niece, a sense from her letter that she was perhaps emotionally unstable - quite prone to both infatuation and despair - and one photograph that displayed the facial expression of someone who was about to take her final step off of a very high ledge.
This wasn’t enough to know how to properly approach her, so he decided to do so as conservatively as possible.  His very first task was to simply not frighten her away, so he dressed down for the occasion, to avoid intimidating her.  If he sensed the need to seem more attractive at some point, he knew that he could charm any woman at a moment’s notice.  Better to start low, very low, and see how it went from there….
He arrived at the café and saw her reading at a corner table.  He simply observed her for a moment as she read.  She was a very…plain-looking woman - not attractive, but not unattractive - just…ordinary.  Her hair was just beginning to turn gray, and she was allowing it to, making no attempts to color it.  She was dressed nicely, but conservatively, in a knee-length gray skirt and highly-buttoned white blouse, as though she was unaware that clothing could ever be used to entice a man but was merely something to hide one’s body and keep it warm.  She was wearing a pair of black-rimmed reading glasses, the kind that, if worn by one of Penelope’s escorts, would scream, “Sexy Librarian Look!”, but on Gwendolyn, simply murmured, “Librarian”.
He approached her gently and introduced himself, playing the role of a cautious man.  She removed her glasses and rose to give him a very formal handshake, and they took their seats.  As they began their initial small talk, Julian was studying her carefully.  She was a warm and intelligent woman and seemed to be quite at ease with him.  Julian had thought that she would be nervous at first, but then realized that she probably considered him to be far out of her league and assumed that he was only destined to be a possible friend, so the normal anxiety that someone might feel when first meeting a potential lover was absent.  Instead, although she was poised and restrained, she seemed excited by his company.  But underneath that he could also see the depressive qualities lurking.  She had the posture of one who had been through many disappointments in life, and who had never really been loved - the slump of the shoulders, the slight caving-in of the chest, the general sag....  
But the more they talked, the more he could see her excitement grow.  He remembered her line about the heart being set aflame and then turned to ash, and he began to realize that she probably lived at the mercy of intense emotions.  He could sense some obsessiveness in her, along with her aura of depression, and as her excitement was building, it seemed to be rising already to a mild level of mania – a combination of traits that might prove to be very useful as things progressed.  But she also appeared to be a reasonably level-headed woman, who lacked the frank lunacy of either Felicia or Priscilla.  This would take so much more skill, and so much more time.  But he had all the time in the world for this one….
As their conversation progressed, Julian was content to simply be attentive and let her go wherever she desired.  As she grew more comfortable with him, she moved away from superficialities, and began sharing things that were more personal - giving a little background about her younger days in school, and even touching briefly upon her past relationships, which had all been short-lived, ending in heartbreak.
Julian responded by elevating his attention.  The more she revealed, the more he demonstrated that he was a man who not only understood - he was a man who truly cared.  
They were only able to meet for a short time that evening, as Gwendolyn had a meeting to attend at the library.  Julian was anxious to see her again soon, but didn’t want to push, and was happy when she suggested that perhaps they could meet for dinner the evening after next.
Julian gladly accepted, and walked her to her car, where they exchanged a friendly handshake goodnight.

Chapter 27

The next evening, Julian and Milo were again at the chessboard.  It was early, and the Japanese duo wasn’t scheduled to arrive until midnight.
Julian found himself again defending against that same maniacal opening that Milo had trounced him with before, with its kaleidoscopic positioning of pawns, as if they were lost and didn’t know the rules of the game.  The lack of coordination of Milo’s pieces left gaping vulnerabilities, but also gave him unusual lines of counter-attack.
The last time, Julian had uncharacteristically played defensively, but tonight he wanted blood.  If it was War that Milo wanted, it was War that he would get.  Julian launched his strongest attack, and Milo did the same.  Pawns were crushed; Bishops impaled.  When the smoke had cleared and the casualties removed from the board, both of their Kings had had their protective fortresses shattered, and both had been drawn forward to capture attacking enemies.  They were naked and helpless - it was only a matter of who could be the first to deliver the fatal blow. 
Twice Julian began attacks on Milo’s King, but both times he was repelled by counter-attacks from out of nowhere.  And then he saw a beautiful line that Milo couldn’t possibly defend against without eventually losing his Queen in the process.  Sure enough, twelve moves later Milo was forced to surrender his most powerful piece in exchange for a mere pittance.  Julian simply smiled, awaiting Milo’s resignation.
But Milo didn’t resign.  Instead he positioned his weaker forces around the odd pawn structure that had been created by his psychotic opening.  Julian could only laugh at Milo’s attempt to play this out to the bitter end, but he actually preferred it this way.  He didn’t want a gentlemanly resignation to this game - he wanted to hogtie, sodomize and decapitate Milo’s King - a fitting fate for having sent his men into war with a battle plan that was drawn up by a Surrealist.
And then Milo made his strangest move yet - advancing his King further into the open, as if begging to be put to death.
Julian’s stronger army was momentarily impeded, but time didn’t matter.  He could do this slowly, torturing Milo’s King, making him pay for his folly.  But it would be wise for Julian to protect his own King first.
Retreat wasn’t an option; Milo’s smaller army had secured open squares behind Julian’s King.  Julian would have to bring some of his attacking forces back, but they were unable to get there quickly, hampered by that hallucinatory pawn structure.  His King, too, was naked for now, but at least he had the sense to stay put, unlike Milo’s lunatic Sovereign, who was wandering straight into the fray.
Julian studied the position carefully.  This was trickier than he had first thought.  Milo’s King was indeed naked, but unassailable for the moment.  But why was he walking into a minefield?
And then he saw.
Milo’s King was strolling, leisurely, untouchably, across the board, to where he would soon come to a halt in front of Julian’s King, eliminating his final two escape squares.  There was nothing Julian could do to stop him - his own King would be nailed to the spot, from where he could only watch as one of Milo’s tiny little pawns would then march slowly forward, and then shove a dagger straight up his groin.
Slowly, and with a raging heart, Julian gently stopped his clock, resigning the game.  He looked up at Milo, who was trying so very hard not to smile.
“So,” Julian said.  “At what point did you envision your King coming into play?”
“Oh,” said Milo, “about twenty moves ago, as I was luring you into that attack that would win my Queen.”
Julian nodded.
“And your little pawn assassin?” he asked
“At the same time;” said Milo, “it was all one orchestration.”
Julian nodded, expressionlessly.  Then he looked Milo straight in the eye.
“That’s twice,” he said, “that you’ve played that ridiculous opening on me.  I will love you forever, Milo, but if you play it again before telling me its name so I can study its variations, I will pull out a gun and wing you.”
“Nothing in the torso or head?” asked Milo.
“Of course, not - only a limb.”
“I could live with that.”
“As could I.”
Milo laughed.
“Julian,” he said, “my friend eternal, you are, without a doubt, the worst loser on the face of the Earth.”
“And proud of it.”
They both smiled, and Julian refilled their snifters.
“That’s one for you,” said Julian.  “Are you ready for the next game?”
“Fire away,” said Milo.
“I found a little something myself:” Julian said as they reset the chessboard and the clock, “a variation from Steinitz.”
“Going back to the nineteenth century, are we?” asked Milo.
“Obscurity begs for obscurity in return.”
Julian shoved his pawn to King’s Bishop 4.

Chapter 28

The next evening, Julian arrived at a small Thai restaurant that Gwendolyn had chosen.  When Gwendolyn saw the waitress escorting him to her table, her face lit up.  He allowed himself to look excited as well, although still cautious and reserved.
He suggested that Gwendolyn order their dishes, since she was familiar with the restaurant.  He wanted to let her take the lead in all things for now, and move in whatever way and at whatever pace felt right for her.
With Gwendolyn rapidly growing at ease with him, their conversation became very lively.  They talked about current events for a while, and a longer time discussing their shared appreciation of classical literature.  Julian asked about Gwendolyn’s day at work, drawing out little details about her job, expressing a keen interest in tasks which he found agonizingly dull.  When she asked him about his own work, instead of telling her that his wealth was all inherited and being squandered wildly, he said that he had studied finance in his early days, and was fortunate to have his hard work pay off, which allowed him the joy of devoting more time these days to finding ways to diminish the suffering of impoverished children.  When she asked what he enjoyed doing in his free time, instead of regaling her with tales of Bacchanalian nights with Milo and with Penelope’s whores, he said he liked to get in some leisurely reading, a little gardening, and the occasional challenge of a difficult crossword puzzle.  He was caught off guard when she began talking enthusiastically about her own gardening and asking him questions about his.  In reality, the only thing he knew about gardening was how to berate the landscapers, but he felt that he held his own in the conversation, playing the novice, and beseeching her advice, as he expressed his admiration for her expertise and zeal.
As their dinner went on, they were establishing a cozy rapport.  Julian was always following her cues.  If she talked about casual subjects, he did the same, but if she spoke of anything more serious or shared any intimate thoughts or feelings, his attentions would likewise turn more serious.  If she grew silent, he followed suit.  When she would make amusing comments about things, he would add his own sly remarks, and elicit her laughs.  By the time they were finished with their desert and enjoying the last of their jasmine tea, they seemed like two old, dear friends, but Julian could tell that her feelings were becoming more complicated, as though his actions and demeanor were already beginning to lead her to believe that perhaps there was a greater possibility in the air.  There were moments when she acted a little flustered, as if greater emotions were beginning to stir, almost against her will.  Every time this happened, he was careful to mimic her, acting as if he, too, was having feelings that were starting to move beyond mere friendship - which seemed to elevate her nervousness even more.  
As he was walking her to her car, he was pondering his next move, but was spared the trouble, as she suggested that they have dinner the evening after next.  Julian readily agreed and asked her if she had a place in mind.  She suggested that he should be allowed the honor of choosing the site of their next rendezvous, and they exchanged a warm handshake as they said goodnight.
 

Chapter 29

The next night, Milo was in a mild state of shock.  Julian had just finished the last of his three savage victories on the chessboard, and Milo felt appropriately cowed.
“I don’t know what has gotten into you,” said Milo.  “But you were certainly in fine form tonight.”
“Was I?” said Julian.  “Well, thank you.”
“I’ve known your play to be aggressive, but tonight, you were ferocious.”
“Sometimes this game just brings out the best in me.”
“I feel humiliated.”
“Now, now, you actually played quite well.”
“Yes, I know I did.  But your play was more than sharp - it was malicious.”
“Well, nothing personal, you know.”
“Of course not, but a thrashing this brutal - one can’t help but be a bit rattled by it.”
“Well, it’s not as if I’ve never been on the receiving end of one of your drubbings.”
“My wins have never been quite as…violent as yours were tonight.”
Julian smiled.
“Yes,” he said.  “They were rather barbarous, weren’t they?”
“Rather,” said Milo.  “I just hope if I’m ever in a good bar fight that I have you by my side.”
“We don’t run into many of those in the neighborhood, do we?”
“No.”
“It’s a shame.…”
Julian added a little more cognac to their snifters.  
“So,” said Milo.  “Do you suppose I could have a rematch tomorrow night?  Perhaps that beast inside you will have toned down by then.”
Julian smiled.
“Oh,” he said.  “that beast is just beginning to awaken.  But I’m afraid I can’t offer you a game tomorrow.  I have a date.”
“With whom?” asked Milo.  “Not another of your Internet commoners, I hope.”
“Actually, it is,” said Julian.  “A very special one.…”
Milo looked at him suspiciously
“You know,” he said, “I’ve never seen a man describe a woman as ‘special’ with the kind of malevolent smile that crossed your face as you said it.”
“Oh?” said Julian.
“Yes,” Milo laughed.  “Just what is it that you’re up to with these poor creatures?”
Julian took a sip of cognac, and then pondered the question for a minute.
“Not yet,” he said.
“So, when will you tell?” asked Milo.
Julian thought for a moment.
“After this one,” he said.
“Really?”
“Yes, Milo, after this one last one, I’ll fill you in on all the details.”
“I can’t wait to hear.”
“Oh, trust me.  You’ll find that this tale was one worth waiting for.”
“It must be.  You’ve never withheld anything from me before.”
“I know,” Julian smiled.  “I think that one of the most delicious things in this friendship of ours is the vast amount of dirt that we have on each other.”
“So true.”
“Your statutory rapes,” said Julian.
“Your insider trading,” said Milo.
“Your collection of Cambodian National Treasures, whose whereabouts the government is still eager to discover.”
“Your cache of contraband weaponry….”
“Your mail order brides.…”
“The list goes on….”
They both laughed.  Julian swirled his cognac.
“But this one,” he said, “this one - this will be one for the books.”
They both sipped their cognacs and lapsed into silence.  Each had had fond memories stirred by their list of previous capers, and they were both content to simply allow themselves to quietly enjoy their nostalgia.

Chapter 30

Meanwhile, Gwendolyn was having a contented night of her own.  She was sitting on her sofa, wrapped in a shawl, a teapot filled with rose hips sitting on the table beside her, a Mozart concerto in the air, and a New York Times crossword puzzle in her hands.  She was halfway through it, with only a few clues that had her stumped.  She began to let her mind wander and found herself imagining a scene much like the one she was in now, only with Julian at her side, the two of them enjoying the puzzle together.  
She caught herself drifting away.  No, she thought.  You’re doing it again.  You’re letting your heart race ahead.
Hadn’t she been through enough?  Hadn’t her recent experience caused the lesson to sink in for good?
But no, she thought, this time it’s different.  She had never met a man like Julian.  She had never felt at ease so quickly and had never felt attended to so genuinely.  Surely, she could allow herself the pleasure of letting her imagination run.  It already had a long way to go to catch up to her heart, which, despite her best efforts, was moving forward at a speed she had never known.  How could it not?  Every time she thought of Julian, she could see another wonderful quality in him that she had overlooked.  Not just the outward superficialities, but the inward things:  the graciousness, the sensitivity.  He had been through so much, and it had only brought out qualities she had never seen in other men - humility, vulnerability….  
The thought had occurred to her:  why did he seem so interested in her?  He seemed far out of her league.  But perhaps it was this inner richness of his that drew him to the same richness that she felt inside herself.  They were kindred souls; of that she had no doubt.  Maybe this depth of his allowed him to overlook the more…superficial things.  She knew that she wasn’t unattractive on the outside but imagined that Julian must have come across a number of beautiful women who were interested in him - women who most men would prefer.
But Julian wasn’t like most men.  Despite all his wonderful qualities, he seemed so cautious, and unsure of himself, which only made him more endearing - so different than the few men who she had tried dating before….
Oh, the thought of those men.  How awful they now seemed.  Even with so little to offer, how they seemed compelled to scatter it around to as many women as they could.
But not Julian - here was a man who had actually committed himself to one woman, only to have her taken away by Life’s fragility.  How that must have wounded him!  Yet out of that wound, a greater compassion had emerged, and if that’s what he was seeking in return, what woman had more of it to offer than her?  She had so much love inside to give, but all her life it had been ignored, or toyed with, or simply tossed aside.  It almost demanded to be given, yet she had never met any takers.
And now she could feel it, building, more than ever, with a life of its own.  Her better judgment knew how much pain this had caused her before, and was trying to stop it, trying to keep it from carrying her away.
But already she could sense that her better judgment was losing the battle….
 

Chapter 31

The next afternoon, Julian placed a call to Gwendolyn to confirm their date.  As they spoke, she asked if he had decided upon a restaurant.  When he told her that he had chosen a quiet little place in his neighborhood, she offered to drive to his house to meet him and save him the two long drives of picking her up and returning her home.
Such a thoughtful woman, Julian thought as they ended the call.  He now had time to enjoy a cocktail before he prepared himself for their date.
When she arrived, Julian gave her a partial tour of his home - a complete tour would make them late for their reservations.  They were about to leave when Julian’s cell phone rang.
“Excuse me one moment,” he said to Gwendolyn.
“Of course,” she said.
“Hello?”
“Julian!  It’s Milo!”
“Hello, Milo.   How are you?”
“I’m in danger!”
“What is it?”
“There’s a prowler in my yard!  He appears to be armed!”
“Well, for God’s sake, Milo.  Call the police!”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“Well, after our talk last night, I had a little desire today to have a look at the Cambodian statues.  I keep them in an underground bunker on my property.  But I’ve taken them out, and they’re here in my living room.  If the police came by and caught a glimpse of them, well, they might mean nothing to them, but if anyone found them curious, I could be in serious trouble.”
“Ah, yes.  I could see that….”
“And in the meantime, there’s someone stalking around, checking for unlocked windows!”
“Well, what are you going to do?”
“What am I going to do?  I’m going to call you and ask you to get over here with a weapon and frighten him off!”
“You want me to come over and engage a prowler in a firefight?”
“No.  Just get a jump on him.  When he sees the size of whatever armature you decide to bring, I have no doubt that he’ll simply flee.”
“Milo…,” Julian sighed.
“Julian, please!  I’m desperate!”
“Alright, calm down.  I’ll be there in five minutes.”
“Thank you.”
Julian ended the call and turned to Gwendolyn.  Her eyes had widened.
“I’m afraid that I need to run out for a bit,” he said.
“You’re going out into a firefight?” she asked, incredulously.
“No, no. nothing of the sort - I’m sure that my friend is mistaken.”
“But you said.…”
“I just need to go calm him down.  He has these…unfortunate fits of paranoia.”
“Would you like me to go with?”
“No, just make yourself at home.  I’ll be back before you know it.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.  Why don’t you go into the kitchen and make yourself some tea?”
“Well, all right….”
“And then just…enjoy it in the living room.  You’ll be very comfortable there.”
“All right.…”
“That’s the girl.  Go ahead.  I have to find my car keys.”
“Be careful, will you?”
“Don’t worry.  It’s nothing that requires caution.”
“All right….”
“Go on.  There’s tea in the cabinet next to the stove.”
“All right….”
She gave him one last look of concern, and then turned around and walked toward the kitchen.  As soon as she was out of sight, Julian ran into the library and unlocked his cabinet.  He glanced over his collection and decided upon an AK-47.  He made sure that it was fully loaded, re-locked the cabinet, raced out the door and into his car, and sped out of the driveway.
Gwendolyn prepared a cup of tea for herself and took it into the living room.  She looked around the room, still overwhelmed by his enormous home.  She sat for about ten minutes before she began to grow worried.  To help dissipate her anxiety, she got up and began to explore the house a little more.
She wandered aimlessly through different rooms, and then opened the door to one she hadn’t yet seen.  She found herself in his library and was stunned by its opulence.  She began to have a look around.  She saw the chessboard and the chess clock.  She smiled as it brought back fond memories for her.  At one time, she had become fascinated with the game herself, and had played, and studied it quite a bit.  It had been years ago, but she imagined that he, too, had discovered its pleasures and challenge.
She admired some of the artwork, and then began to browse through his books.  Indeed, she thought, he is a lover of the classics.  She explored the room a little more.  She found two books that were sitting on a table next to a chair, each one with an elegant bookmark protruding from it.  She assumed that they were books that he was currently reading, so she decided to have a look at them.
The first was an anthology of Greek tragedies, book-marked in the middle of “Medea”.  The book underneath it took her aback.  It was “The Crimes of Love”, by the Marquis de Sade.  She opened it to where it was book-marked, and found numerous passages that were underlined, and margins that were littered with exclamation points and smiley faces.  She felt a sudden wave of panic, and quickly closed the book and returned it to its original spot.  Why would such a gentle man be reading such filth?  Surely there was an explanation, but to ask for it would be to admit to her snooping, which she would be terrified to do.  She scurried back to the living room and to her tea, where she tried to calm herself down as she waited for him. 

Chapter 32

It was almost an hour before Julian finally made it back home.  He rushed inside, and found Gwendolyn still sitting in the living room.
“I am so, so sorry,” he said.
“Is everything all right?” she asked.
“Yes, fine.”
“How is your friend?”
“Better now, thank you.  He was in quite a state.  It took a while to calm him down.”
“Was there a prowler?”
“No, of course not.  It was all in his imagination.  The poor man, he goes through the most unfortunate delusions at times.”
“Is he seeing a doctor for this?”
“Yes, but medications and therapy can only go so far.”
“Well, he’s lucky to have a friend like you to help tend to him.”
“He’s such a dear soul.  He deserves all the help he can get.”
“But how are you feeling now?  This must have been a draining ordeal.”
“Oh, I’m fine.  I just feel terrible that I had you waiting here all alone.”
“Oh, I’ve been fine - just…having some tea in your wonderful living room.”
“You’re such a patient soul.”
Julian looked at his watch.
“Well,” he said, “I’m afraid that we’ve missed our reservation, but if we leave now, we’ll get there just in time for last seating.  Shall we go?”
“All right,” she said.
They left the house and walked into the driveway.  Julian had a thought.
“Would you mind terribly,” he asked, “if we took your car instead of mine?”
“That’s fine,” said Gwendolyn.  “Is there something wrong with yours?”
“No.   It’s just that I’m almost out of gas.  I hadn’t expected this side trip.  I’ll have someone deliver some in the morning.  I’m not sure I have enough to make it to the gas station.”
  His gas tank was almost full, but the partially unloaded AK-47 in his trunk concerned him.
“All right,” said Gwendolyn said.  “But I’m afraid that my little Toyota isn’t as luxurious a ride as your Bentley.”
“It’s the company that matters more,” Julian smiled, “and that couldn’t be better.”
They climbed into Gwendolyn’s car and headed off to dinner.

Chapter 33

Julian leaned back in his chair as he watched Milo ponder his situation.  He had every confidence in Milo.  Although they had only been studying the game for a few years, they both had ratings that were approaching Master status, and anyone of that caliber could see at least ten moves ahead.  He knew it was only a matter of time before Milo would realize that every line in this position would end up costing him a pawn, and if this game was played out to its very end, that single lost pawn would be decisive.  Good chess players have enough respect for their opponents that they simply assume that an advantage will not be squandered, so the gentlemanly thing to do is to simply resign.  And Julian knew that Milo was both a great player, and a gentleman, so he merely enjoyed the moment, as he waited for Milo to see the light.
A minute later, Milo stopped his clock.
“Well done,” he said.  “My Queen’s Knight’s pawn is lost.  He’s yours in eight or nine moves.”
“That he is,” said Julian.
“Well, it’s been an even night - a win apiece, and one draw.”
“It’s like kissing your sister,” Julian mused.
“I beg your pardon,” said Milo.
“No,” said Julian, “it’s an expression that athletes use to describe a tie.  Rather eloquent coming from their feeble little minds.  Of course, they’re referring to their own sisters.  I wasn’t suggesting that I kiss yours.”
 “I couldn’t imagine why you would want to.”
“Well, your sister is actually a very attractive woman.”
“I would think that kissing her would be worse than a loss.”
“Beautiful eyes…a wonderful figure….”
“Do you fancy her?”
“Well, as I said, she is attractive.”
Milo thought for a moment.
“It’s funny,” he said.  “But I think that I would find it awkward if you were to seduce her.”
“Oh, believe me, Milo.  I would never think of such a thing.”
“Why not?”
“She’s your sister.”
“Why would that stop you?”
“As you said, it would be awkward.”
“So you mean that there are actually some lines that you wouldn’t cross.”
Julian thought, and a look of surprise crossed his face.
“You know,” he said, “I guess there are.”
“Will wonders never cease?”
“Never.…”
They both leaned back and let their minds wander.  After a time, Julian spoke up.
“So,” he asked, “how are you feeling after last night’s adventure?”
“Oh, fine, thank you,” said Milo.  “And thank you again for coming to my aid.”
“No thanks required.”
“I can’t even think about what it would have been like if he had made his way inside.”
“Not pleasant, I’m sure - him armed, you not.”
“And if he knew anything about antiquities.  Do you know what those statues are worth?”
“Not to mention what he might have done to you to get away with them.”
“Yes, that, too….”
“I’ve always been telling you, Milo, you need to have some protection.”
“I’ve never felt comfortable around guns.”
“Well, it’s time you learned.   Please, let me give you one of mine.  We’ll go out to the shooting range and I’ll teach you how to use it.”
“The shooting range in your backyard?”
“No, I’m afraid that that one is out of commission.”
“Why?”
“Our neighborhood association obtained a restraining order against me.”
“For what?”
“A few stray bullets that went off course.”
“Ah.”
“They’re so touchy.  The Binghamtons raised quite a stir.  One little bullet made its way into their backyard, and you’d think they’d been invaded by foreign troops.”
“A little upset, were they?”
“It missed the old shrew by a good twenty feet.  It serves her right, being out there, tanning that leathery old skin of hers by the pool at high noon….”
“Some people might find a bullet whizzing by their head to be a bit disturbing.”
“With all that Valium in her, I’m surprised she even noticed.”
“The anxiety-ridden are often hyper-vigilant.”
“Apparently.  So, what do you say?  Will you let me arm you properly?”
“I suppose.…”
“Excellent!  Let’s see what we can fix you up with.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“I think a .357 would be good for starters,” he said.
“Isn’t that a rather large weapon?” asked Milo.
“It’s all relative, Milo.  Compared to what I have squirreled around here, it’s a pea shooter.”
“Well, if you think so….”
“Good.  Come by at three tomorrow.  We’ll take a drive out to the range.”
“All right.  Is there anything that I need to bring?”
“No, just your reluctance, and I guarantee that by the end of the day you’ll have a new hobby.”

Chapter 34

It was several evenings later that Julian had plans to come to meet Gwendolyn for dinner at the same Thai restaurant.  During their previous dinner date near his home, something had seemed a little amiss with her, and when he had called her the following day, she told him that she had come down with a cold and would need a few days to recover.  Julian had expressed his sympathies, and offered her any assistance she might desire, perhaps some chicken soup, or some Ayurvedic herbs.  She had assured him that she would be fine, but had expressed her appreciations for his thoughtfulness, adding that her only concern was that she hadn’t passed her cold along to him during their last date.
Over those few days, Julian had phoned regularly to check in on her, and again offer any help.  She had assured him that she was fine, but genuinely appreciated his attention and concern, and offered to take him out to dinner, as a show of gratitude as soon as she was feeling better.
He arrived at the restaurant and let the waitress lead him to the table where Gwendolyn was already seated.
“How are you feeling?” Julian asked as he took his seat.
“Oh, much better, thank you,” Gwendolyn said.  “And I want to thank you again for how kind you’ve been towards me the past few days.”
“Oh, no thanks are needed,” said Julian.  “The thought of you lying in bed, all achy and stuffy.… I wanted to do whatever I could.”
“Well, it was very thoughtful of you.  I must confess, I’m not used to such sympathies.”
“No?”
“No.  I’m afraid that most men don’t possess your gallantry.”
“Oh, I don’t know that I would call myself gallant.”
“Well, I certainly would.  Calling in on me so often, offering your aid….”
“What else could I do?  You were suffering.”
“Well, I want you to know that I was very touched by it.”
“I’m happy to hear that.  But, as I said, what else could I do?”
“You could have acted as most men would.”
“And how is that?”
“Perhaps one phone call, just to say an obligatory hello.  Or perhaps not even that.”
Julian showed a look of disbelief.
“I can’t imagine that anyone would show that little concern,” he said.
“I suspect that you haven’t had much experience…dating men,” she smiled.
He laughed.
“No,” he said.  “I don’t suspect I have.”
“Most don’t show that kind of chivalry,” she said.  They tend to be a little more…self-centered than you.”
“Is this so?”
“Yes,” she smiled.   “I’m afraid it is.  You’re quite the exception.”
“Well, I suppose that I’ll have to take your word on this.  But I’m glad that you find me so.”
The waitress arrived to take their order.  Julian allowed Gwendolyn to order for them.  After she had done so, Julian noticed that she began to look a little apprehensive.  He felt the need to inquire.
“Gwendolyn?” he asked.
“Yes?” she asked, smiling nervously.
He looked at her closely, caringly.
“Are you feeling all right?” he asked.
She fumbled with her glass and tried to force another smile but was unable to.  Instead, she suddenly began to look extremely distressed.
“Gwendolyn,” he asked, “what is it?”
“Oh!” she said, putting her hand to her mouth.  “I don’t know how to say, or how to ask….”
“To say what?”
“I…I have a terrible confession to make.”
“What is it?”
“You’re going to think horribly of me!”
He reached out and placed his hand on hers for a moment.
“How could I ever do that?” he asked.
“But…it was so…rude of me,” she said.
“What?”
“When I was in your home the other night,” she said, “when you had gone out to attend to your…unstable friend…I’m afraid that, after a while, when you didn’t return….”
“Yes?”
“Well, I became a little nervous.  And to distract myself, I…began to take a little walk around your home….”
“Yes?”
“I…wandered into the room with all the books….”
“My library.  Yes?”
“And I was having a look at your book collection, and…I happened to notice a couple of books lying on a table.  I assumed that they were books you were currently reading, and I wanted to see what it was that was capturing your interest these days, so I had a look at them….”
“And?”
She put her hand to her mouth again, looking mortified.
“It was unforgivable of me to be prying that way,” she said.
Julian laughed a kind and gentle laugh.
“Not at all,” he said.  “I’m happy that you were curious to see what I’ve been reading lately.”
“But…but,” she said. 
“Yes?”
“But what it was what you were reading!  The Marquis de Sade?”
Julian thought quickly.
“Oh, that,” he smiled.
“And,” she said nervously, “…and…and…the margins were all marked enthusiastically.…”
“Gwendolyn,” he laughed as he took her hand and held it softly, “my poor dear, what a frightful impression that must have made!”
  “Well,” she said, with an odd mixture of emotions on her face, “yes.  I mean, I couldn’t understand why you were reading that.  It seems so…out of character for you.”
“Oh, I can’t imagine what you must have thought.”
“I didn’t know what to think.  I was so taken aback by it.”
“I suppose a bit of explanation is in order.”
“Well….”
He laughed again.
“Oh, this is so comical,” he said.  “You see, I have a friend with whom I share a great interest in French literature.  We’ve devoured so much of it, but in all that time, neither of us had ever read the Marquis de Sade.  It had never occurred to me, really.  I mean, I don’t normally go in for…literature of that sort.  But my friend was browsing through a used bookstore and came across that copy of “The Crimes of Love”, and decided to purchase it, just to have a look.  I mean, the Marquis is, after all, at least a minor figure.  My friend had read through parts of it, and found it rather unseemly, but he wanted me to read a bit, and see what my impression was.”
“And?”
“Well, have you ever read any of his works?”
“I had to read a little in college.”
“What was your impression?”
“That it was…rather vile.”
Julian laughed.
“That’s putting it mildly,” he said.  “The man is grotesque.  And I can’t find any redeeming elegance in his style, either.  And what you must have thought when you saw all of those…hieroglyphics in the margins!”
“Well…yes.”
“Those markings weren’t from my friend.  And certainly not from me!  It was a used copy of the text.  Apparently, the original owner had a higher opinion of him.”
“So it wasn’t.…you….”
“No,” he laughed.  “My God, I’m surprised you didn’t run screaming from my home!”
“Well, it did upset me.”
“I would imagine!  Oh, I’m so glad you told me about this!”
“You are?”
“Yes!  Of course.”
His look turned serious.
“How awful it would have been,” he said, “to have you think that I…that I would actually be…enjoying that kind of…literature.  What a horrible misunderstanding that would have been.  That could have driven such a wedge between us.”
“I had no idea what to make of it,” she said.
“It must have disturbed you terribly.”
She smiled, wiping a tear that had fallen down her cheek.
“I don’t know what to say,” she said.  “I’m so relieved.”
Her looked turned apologetic again.
“But,” she said, “how rude of me to have been prying that way.”
“Please,” he said, “don’t give it a second thought.  I’m just so glad you told me about this, so we could clear the air.”
“I guess I am, too.”
“But this must have been troubling you the other night, when we went out for dinner afterwards.”
“Well, yes.  I did feel a little…confused.”
“I can certainly understand that.  I wish you had brought it up then.  But I suppose you were a bit overwhelmed by it.”
She laughed a little.
“Yes,” she said.  “That’s fair to say.”
“You know,” he said, “I could sense that something was bothering you that night.  I later assumed that it was just your cold coming on, but now I understand.”
“It was upsetting.  I’m afraid that I’ve….”
She trailed off.
“That you’ve…?” he asked.
A look of sadness and embarrassment came over her face, and she looked down.
“What is it?” he asked.
“I guess,” she said, “that perhaps this is an evening for confessions….”
He looked at her with an expression that told her she could tell him anything, and be forgiven, if not adored.
“Let’s just say,” she said, “that I haven’t had…the best of luck with men.”
“How do you mean?” he asked.
She sighed, shaking her head.
“Men so often present themselves in one way,” she said, “but turn out to be so different.”
“How so?” he asked.
“They express feelings of concern, or affection, but….”
She looked to the side.
“But?” Julian asked.
She looked at him.
“But it’s always just a pretense,” she said.  “They say whatever they can to…try to get what they really want, to become…physical…and they prey on the most vulnerable aspects of a woman’s soul to try to get it.”
Julian shook his head, sadly.
“I have to apologize for those of my gender,” he said.
“Someone should,” she said, and then smiled, and touched his hand.  “And of course, wouldn’t it be one of the few who probably isn’t like that, who would take on the sins of the rest?”
“I’d certainly like to think that I don’t act that way.”
“I already sense you to be a very rare man, but it will make you all the rarer if you don’t.”
“Well, let’s keep a good thought,” he smiled.
“For the moment, I’m happy to give you the benefit of the doubt.  You know, Julian, you are the most extraordinary man I’ve ever met.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  And I’m shocked that you’re so unaware of it.  You must surely have met so many women who have been charmed, if not entranced, by you.”
Julian looked a little embarrassed.
“Well,” he said, “with all the work that I do with my new foundation. I don’t actually have much time for socializing.”
“But even so, I would think that you would run across some women in your life.”
“Well, I do…sometimes….”
He looked away sadly, into the distance.
“But,” he said, “it’s only been recently that I’ve actually begun to feel as if I’m…ready to begin dating again….”
“Yes,” she said, “your fiancée.  I’m so sorry….”
“Thank you.”
“That must have been very difficult.”
He looked down, and then nodded.
“Yes,” he said.  “It was.”
“I know how painful it can be,” she said, “to lose someone you love.”
He nodded again, still looking down.
“Very,” he said.
She reached over and gently placed her hand on his.  He looked up at her.
“Thank you,” he said.
He gave her a grateful smile through his look of grief.  They held their eye contact for several seconds, but then her gaze broke away nervously, just as their food arrived.  They filled each other’s plates, and then ate in silence for a minute.  It was Julian who finally spoke up again.
“You said that you understand my feelings,” he said.  “Are you referring to your recent loss?”
“Among others,” she sighed, looking down.
“It can be painful.”
“I’m afraid that some of us are better able to handle our pain than others….”
“What do you mean?”
She continued looking down but didn’t reply.  It was Julian’s turn to reach over and place his hand on hers.  He could see a tear running down her cheek.
“What is it?” he asked.
“It’s…it’s nothing,” she said.
“No.  Please, tell me.”
She looked up at him, her eyes misted.
“You have a way of making a woman feel so comfortable,” she said.
He smiled, but said nothing, giving her room to speak.  After a minute, she allowed herself to continue.
“Some of us,” she said, “take things too much to heart.  When we fall from a great height, we fall to an even greater depth.”
“I think that I know those depths,” said Julian.
“Do you?” she asked gravely.  “Do you really?”
“I…I think I do….” he said, with an inquiring look.
She studied him for a minute, and then looked back down.
“No,” she said.  “I don’t believe that you do.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“Some of us fall to such depths that…it’s not always certain that we’ll be able to find our way back.…”
“I don’t understand,” he said.
She looked to the side.
“I can’t believe that I’m talking this way,” she said.
She turned back to face him.
“But you have such a way of putting me at ease,” she said.  “I just feel…defenseless with you.”
“There’s nothing you need to hide,” he said.
“With you, I don’t feel as if I could.”
He smiled tenderly.
“I wouldn’t want you to,” he said.
“But some things are so…painful to admit,” she said.
“But once they’re admitted, the pain can often ease.”
She sighed.
“Perhaps you’re right,” she said.
“I suspect I am.”
She looked up at him, vulnerably.
“There have been times,” she said, “after I’ve suffered a loss, that I’ve been hurled into the darkest of pits - times when I’ve spent days, even weeks, unable to find my way out.  Just trapped, helplessly, under all the pain and despair, unable to move, unable to eat, only able to lie there, and feel the torture of that place.”
“Has this happened often?” he asked.
“Every time,” she gasped. “Every time that I’ve begun to feel the first stirrings of affection for someone, and then discovered a deceit, or simply been…rejected, for whatever reason, I’ve fallen into that abyss.”
“But…you always found your way out.”
She looked at him, utterly naked.
“I hope,” she said, “that what I sense about you, your kindness, your understanding, your goodness, is true.”
“I’d like to believe that it is,” he said.
She took a deep breath.
“There have been times,” she said, “in which I couldn’t find my way out.”
“I’m not sure I understand,” he said.
She looked down.
“There have been times,” she said shakily, “in which I considered taking my own life.  And…and there was one time in which I actually tried….”
Julian had to suppress the thrill that ran through him upon hearing those words, and channel it into the most caring look that he could muster.
“My God,” he said, as he touched her hand.  “I’m so sorry that you’ve been caused such pain.”
“I just seem to have a frailer nature than most,” she said.
“A more sensitive nature.”
“I’m not sure I see the difference.”
“It means that you’re capable of feeling all emotions intensely.”
A small smile broke through her look of defenselessness.
“You say the most wonderful things,” she said.
“I just say what I see,” he said.,
She looked up at him.
“Those are very kind eyes through which you see,” she said.
He smiled…kindly.
“So, the pain was that unbearable?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said.  “But it’s not just the pain….”
“No?”
“No.  It’s also the confusion, the doubt.  I always wonder what it is that I’ve done wrong.  What was wrong with me, that they would reject me?  What was it that I lacked that would cause them to seek out other women?”
Julian thought quickly.  He wanted to continue with his sympathies, and to keep gaining her trust, but he also had to avoid saying anything that would actually help, anything that might stop her from needlessly blaming herself.  This wasn’t therapy, after all….
“It must be so painful,” he said.
“Yes,” she said.
“For men to do this anyone, but especially to someone like you - so caring, and sensitive….”
“Women do possess a more fragile nature, though I think that mine is more fragile than most.  I’m not sure that men’s hands are designed to handle such fragile things.  They’re designed for building railways, mining for diamonds, felling trees.  Loading the cannons in times of war.…”
Gwendolyn took both of Julian’s hands into her own, and turned them over, studying his palms.
“Not a single callous on yours,” she said.
“I suppose not,” he said, “just a few small blisters from gardening.”
In reality, they were from the recent shooting spree with Milo at the range.
“Gentle hands from a gentle soul,” she said.
He smiled at her, and then he resumed his look of concern.
“But,” he asked, “when was it that you…attempted….”
Her look turned sad again.
“There’ve been a number of times in the last few years in which I contemplated it,” she said.  “The one time I tried was…about a year ago.”
“How did you…try?”
“I’d prefer not to…go into details….”
Julian really, really wanted to know, but this was the wrong time to push.
“Yes, please forgive me,” he said.  “That was so intrusive of me to ask.  I’m just so happy that you weren’t… successful.”
“That’s so nice of you to say,” she smiled.
“Well, I truly mean it.”
They exchanged nervous smiles as their dessert arrived. They began to slowly nibble at it in silence as Julian contemplated the best direction to take this.  After a few minutes, he carefully spoke.
“If it’s of any comfort to you,” he said, “I want you to know that I’ve been through a time in which I…thought of it myself,” he lied.  “In fact,” he lied again, “I also...once attempted....”
“Really?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“What brought this on for you?”
He looked down at the table, sadly.
“It was when my fiancée…,” he said, not finishing his sentence.
“Oh!” she said.  “I can certainly understand.”
He continued to look down.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked.
“Not really,” he said.  “Not right now.…”
“Well, if you ever feel the need.”
He looked up at her, and then gave her a small smile.
“Thank you,” he said.
“Of course.”
They smiled awkwardly at each other, and then slowly finished their dessert.  Their bill arrived, for which Julian produced a credit card.
“Next time,” said Gwendolyn, “Presuming that I haven’t frightened you away, dinner will be my treat.”
“If you’d like,” he said.  “And no, you haven’t scared me away.  If anything, you’ve truly honored me by being so revealing.”
“As I said, you make it so easy.  A woman can hardly help herself.”
After the bill was settled, Julian escorted Gwendolyn to her car.  As she was searching through her purse for her keys, he asked, “Do you suppose that you would be up for dinner on Friday?”
“That would be nice,” she smiled.
“I can come to your part of town if you’d like,” he said.  “Traffic would be bad heading west on a Friday evening.”
“That’s so thoughtful of you.  I’ll think of somewhere cozy.”
“So, I’ll call you on Friday afternoon?”
“Perfect.”
“Well,” he said, extending his hand for a goodnight handshake.  She took his hand, and then gave him a short kiss on his cheek.
“Thank you,” she said, “for being so kind.”
He smiled.
“Drive safely,” he said.
“You, too,” she said.
She got into her car and drove off.  Julian began to walk to his car, with a smile growing, and growing.  This had been a night of tremendous stride, and surprise.  So quickly, he had found what he was looking for.

Chapter 35

Julian was mulling things over as he sat in his chair, sipping his Scotch.  It was so generous of Gwendolyn to have simply turned all of her cards face up for him to see.
So…rejection - that was the key.  The mere loss of someone she cared for was enough to send her into a profound depression, but only the feeling of being discarded could be enough to take her all the way.  If he could lift her to the greatest height of being adored and then tell her that he was throwing her away, he could start her descent, but he would need to give her a parting gift of the most vicious of personal rejections to complete the task.  It would be like lighting the fuse on a bomb of self-blame, and then handing it to her just as he was tossing her into the pit - he could simply stand at the edge, his hand to his ear, waiting for the explosion.
But this was the riskiest of endgames - you only get one shot.  If it fails, there are no second chances.  It was the endgame he had played with Priscilla, and even though she was such an easy target, it had required a steady verbal pummeling to drive her to her death.  Gwendolyn was much more level-headed; with her, it would require a rejection that was so elaborate, and so…thorough.  And before he could deliver it, preparation would be required.  He would have to gain her love, completely, and continue to escalate it to unprecedented heights, but he would also have to dismantle whatever defenses she had.  He would have to discover her strengths, so he would know how to kick the legs out from under them when the time came, and to find her resiliencies, and carefully begin to take them apart.  The complexities involved were enormous, and the more he contemplated them, the more intoxicating the sense of challenge grew.
He broke away from his thoughts to top off his glass of Scotch, and to do the same for Milo, who was engrossed in one of Julian’s books.
“Do you realize,” Milo asked, looking up from the book, “that with the proper ammunition, a single shot from a .44 Magnum can drop an elephant at a hundred yards?”
“Milo,” Julian sighed, “I fear I’ve created a monster.”
“Can you imagine what it would do to a man at twenty paces?”
“I’d prefer not to.”
“I definitely think that I should upgrade from that little .357 that you’ve given me.”
“You’re too frail for a .44.  The recoil would tear your arm off.”
“Nonsense.”
“I could show you right now, if it weren’t for those damned Binghamtons.  I have several .44 Magnums.  I’d like to see you take a shot with one, and then take you down to the emergency room, and laugh as they try to rebuild your shoulder.”
“I learned to handle myself ably with your .357.”
Julian laughed.
“Eventually,” he said, “you were able stop endangering yourself and everyone else at the range.  But trust me on this, Milo.  You’re not ready for a .44.”
Milo sighed.
“But it seems so…impressive,” he said.
“Oh, it’s that all right,” said Julian.  “But take this a bit more slowly.  God, your speed of obsession amazes me at times.”
“It’s not obsession,” Milo beamed.  “It’s vigor.”
“Believe me; you passed vigor after your first hour with a gun in your hand.  You’re well into the land of mania.”
“Well, is that so bad?”
“Normally, no, but with firearms, at least a flicker of temperance is called for.  For God’s sake, I’d wager that last night, when you were at home with your new .357, you probably scanned your grounds a dozen times, just hoping that your prowler had returned.”
Milo’s beaming smile faded, for only a moment, before it returned as he said, “All right, so that’s a wager that you would have won.  What of it?”
“I’m merely suggesting that this one time, you pace yourself a bit.”
“All right,” he sighed, “I shall heed your wise counsel.  I’ll wait on the .44.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
Milo returned to his wide-eyed reading of “The Manual of Firearms”, while Julian returned his thoughts to the courting of the fair Gwendolyn.
 

Chapter 36

For Friday’s dinner date, Julian met Gwendolyn at a small, Middle Eastern restaurant in her neighborhood.  They began with small talk - Gwendolyn seeming reluctant to revisit the depths of their previous discussion, and Julian content, as always, to let her to set the pace, but eventually, it was she who delicately brought it up.
“I wanted to thank you again,” she said, “for your remarkable sensitivity the other night.”
“What are you referring to?” he asked innocently.
She smiled.
“I’m referring to your kindness and understanding when I confided the things that I did,” she said.
“Oh, that,” he said.
“Yes.  That,” she smiled.
“Well, I’m just touched that you were willing to share that much of yourself with me.  I feel terrible that you’ve been so mistreated in the past.”
“Thank you.  That’s very kind to say.”
Julian smiled, kindly.
“So,” Gwendolyn asked cautiously, “how has your…online dating been going?”
“Oh, I haven’t pursued it much,” he said.  “I had met a couple of other women briefly for coffee before…you and I met.  But I haven’t seen them since.  There was just…no rapport.”
He watched her to see how she would react to learning that she was the only woman he was seeing.  He noticed that her hands began to tremble a bit.
“So, why do you suppose there was no rapport?” she asked.
“There either is or there isn’t,” he said.  “I’m not sure that one can analyze it.”
“But I’ve always thought that men were simply drawn to beauty, whether there was rapport or not.”
“For most, I guess.  But even then, every man has a different sense of what he finds beautiful on the outside.”
“So, what is it about a woman that you find…attractive, on the outside?”
Julian pondered her question for a moment.
“I’m almost embarrassed to say,” he said.  “I suspect that I’m different than most men in that regard.”
“How is that?” she asked.
“I find that signs of character that make their way to a woman’s exterior are the most disarming features to me.”
“What might those be?”
“Oh, lines, wrinkles, a little graying of the hair,” he said, as he noticed her lines, wrinkles, and graying hair.  “I couldn’t imagine being drawn to a woman under forty.  There isn’t enough life experience to create character in one until then.”
“So, would you be drawn to, say, a woman in her seventies whose face revealed her life experience?”
Julian smiled.
“Now,” he said, “I suspect you’re teasing me.”
Gwendolyn smiled.
“You’re too sharp for anything to get by you, aren’t you?” she asked.
“No,” he said, “actually, I can be quite gullible at times.   I’m afraid I can be easily had.”
“I find that hard to believe.  How can a man retain his innocence at your age?”
“Too much trust; too little experience.”
“But with all your business dealings…”
“Well, in business, I’m certainly nobody’s fool.  But that’s only a small part of life.  In other areas, I often feel that I’m lagging.”
“Such as?”
“Well, with women, for one….”
“How so?”
“I think that men are generally less developed emotionally than women.  We’re simply inferior in trying to sort out our feelings.  You women are light years ahead of us.”
“It’s a rare man who would think that way.”
“I must confess, I only have limited experience with women.  I had…dated my fiancée for seven years, and there was a long period before her in which I was too involved with my business to have time to date.  I’ve only had one other relationship in my life.  But in both, I was absolutely humbled by their abilities to understand themselves and others.  I generally find myself at sea when it comes to that.  I had to rely upon their better judgment and insight in sorting through any issues between us.”
“I have to say, that hasn’t been the attitude of the men I’ve known.”
“No?”
“Not at all - just the opposite, in fact.  They’ve all seemed to think that they’re superior in every way, and that their opinions have been rendered infallible by some divine right.”
“I can’t imagine why.  It’s seemed so apparent to me,” he said, with a look of wonder and disbelief.
“Well,” she said, “that’s just one more example of how different you are than most men.  But it’s refreshing, and if I might say so, quite disarming.”
“Well, I’m.…”
He made his hands shake a bit, and then dropped a small piece of pita bread onto the floor.
“I’m glad you see it that way,” he said.  “I’ve always thought that it was something of a shortcoming in me.”
Gwendolyn smiled incredulously.
“Are you serious?” she asked.  “It’s one of the most endearing things a woman could possibly find in a man!”
She quickly suppressed that look of endearment, and then glanced away nervously.  She fumbled with her wine glass.
Julian followed suit, making his hand shake as he picked up his glass.
The waiter arrived with their plates of entrees, and they began to spoon various dishes onto each other’s plates.  As Gwendolyn was about to place a spoonful of moussaka onto Julian’s plate, she began to shake even more, and the spoon tumbled out of her hand and onto the floor.
“Oh!” she said.  “I’m so sorry!”
She raised her hand to call over the waiter, and as she did so, she upended her wine glass, spilling its contents across the table.
“Oh my God!” she said, horrified.
“Gwendolyn,” Julian asked, smiling, “are you all right?”
“Yes, yes.  I’m sorry.  Could you call the waiter over?”
Julian caught the waiter’s eye and motioned to him, pointing out the mess that Gwendolyn had created.  The waiter politely cleaned it up, assuring her that it was no problem at all.
Julian laughed a gentle and caring laugh.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said, obviously flustered.  “I’m fine.  I’m sorry….”
“It’s all right,” he said with his kind laugh.  “Don’t worry.”
Tears began to well up in her eyes.
“Gwendolyn,” he said.  “Really, it’s nothing to worry about.”
She tried to compose herself, and said, “It’s not that.  It’s not that at all.…”
“What is it?”
She looked up at him, helplessly.
“You don’t know,” she said, “do you?”
“Know what?” he asked.
She held steady, but tears began to roll down her face.
“Gwendolyn,” he said, taking her hands.  “What is it?”
She squeezed his hands tightly.
“Please,” she said, looking down.  “Forgive me.  I’m such a fool.”
“Whatever are you talking about?” he asked.
“Oh, Julian,” she said, leaning forward and pressing his hands against her forehead.
“What?  What is it?”
She couldn’t speak.
“Gwendolyn,” he said.  “Please.  You can tell me anything.”
She kept looking down, holding his hands to her head as she spoke.
“Oh, Julian,” she said, “I can’t keep this up.”
“Keep what up?” he asked.
“I…I can’t hide my feelings any longer.”
“What…feelings?”
“You don’t know,” she said as her tears increased.  “You don’t know.  God, I’m such a fool….”
“Please.  What is it?”
“I’ve tried not to.  I know that it’s too soon….”
“Please….”
“Julian,” she said as she brought their hands down and looked up, almost helplessly.  “I’ve never met anyone like you in my life.  I never even imagined that anyone like you existed….”
Julian projected his most innocent look.  Gwendolyn looked down again, and then continued.
“I’ve tried to contain them,” she said.  “I’ve tried to keep these feelings from arising, but I’m overwhelmed by them.  They have a life of their own.  And they’re much stronger than anything that I have to stop them.”
“Are you saying that you have…feelings of affection for me?” he asked.
“I’ve tried not to.  I’ve tried to not let myself get carried away….”
“Gwendolyn, I…I’m so inexperienced at this.  I simply didn’t know….”
“I’m sorry.  I’ve tried….”
“No.  What I mean is…I’ve been feeling the same.  But I had no idea that you were, so I’ve been…keeping my feelings to myself.”
She looked up at him, surprised.
“You have?” she asked.
“Yes,” said Julian.  “Gwendolyn, this closeness we’ve shared…I’ve been so moved by it.  I…I wish I had had the nerve to speak up first.  But I…didn’t know…if you….”
“You...feel...?
“Yes.  I…I wanted to speak up, but I thought it would be too hasty.  I’m sorry that I didn’t…try to....”
“No,” she said, with a look of relief.  “It’s all right.  I know you’re a cautious man.  I’m just so happy that it’s not only me.”
She leaned forward and pressed his hands against her head again.
“Please,” she said, “just for a minute, let’s not say a word.”
They sat in that position, silently, for a minute.  Then Gwendolyn leaned back slowly, lowering their hands, and looked at him nervously.
“Julian,” she said, “I…I’m afraid I have something to confess.”
“What?” he asked.
“I’m probably not…your typical woman….”
“I knew that as soon as I met you.”
“No.  I mean that…oh, this is so hard to say….”
“What is it?”
“I’m not sure what your previous girlfriends were like, but I’m.…”
She stopped.
“Yes?” he asked.
“I’m rather…conservative in some ways,” she said.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“I mean that…I like to take things very slowly.”
“Do you mean as in.…”
“As in…physically,” she said, hesitantly.
“My darling, I feel the same way.”
“You do?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Do you really mean that?”
“Yes.”
“Where have you been hiding?” she asked, wondrously.
“I suppose where we all hide,” he said.  “Right where we are but waiting for the right person to come along and bring us out.”
She pressed their hands to her head and looked down again.
“Please,” she said.  “Again, just for the next few minutes, not a word.”
They stayed in that position for several minutes.  At one point, the waiter stopped by to see how they were doing, but quickly walked away.
Finally, Gwendolyn looked up at him and smiled.
“I think,” she said, “that our food is getting cold.”
“You’re right,” Julian said, returning her smile.
She let go of his hands and they sat upright.  She began to fill their plates with the various entrees.  Julian sensed an array of emotions in Gwendolyn - relief, joy, nervousness….  As always, he wanted her to take the lead for now, so he remained silent as she did.  The finished their meal in that manner, without a word exchanged.  The waiter returned to clear the table and ask whether they wanted coffee or dessert.
Julian looked at her.  
“Baklava?” he asked.  “Or Turkish coffee?”
“Baklava would be nice,” she said, “but coffee would keep me awake all night.”
Julian spoke to the waiter.
“Two baklavas,” he said.  “And I’ll have a Turkish coffee.”
As they waited for their dessert, Gwendolyn slid her hand into Julian’s and smiled, without a word.  He simply followed suit.  When their dessert arrived, they ate slowly, savoring every bite.  When they had finished, Gwendolyn paid the bill, and they left the restaurant.
“Well,” Julian said.  “What would you like to do now?”
“It’s late,” she smiled, “and I’ve had a long day.  A long, wonderful day….”
“So, shall we call it a night?”
“I think that would be best.”
“May I walk you to your car?”
“I’d be honored.”
They walked to her car, with her arm tucked into his.  When they arrived there, she retrieved her keys and looked up at him.  Julian wasn’t sure what to do, but she leaned forward and gave him a lingering kiss on his cheek.
“Good night,” she said.
“Good night,” he said.
“Call me?”
“Of course.”
She smiled, got in her car, started it, and waved goodbye as she slowly drove off.
Julian smiled as he walked back to his car.  So far, he thought, so good.  Now it gets tricky….
-
Chapter 37

Over the next few weeks, Julian and Gwendolyn began to develop a bit of a routine.  After their mutual declarations of love, it hardly seemed right to continue meeting in restaurants; it felt more appropriate to spend time together at one of their homes.  That home turned out to be Julian’s, which made perfect sense to him.  His was so luxurious, and he imagined that she might find hers to be embarrassing in comparison.  He pictured a sad little hovel, surrounded by other grotty little homes.
Julian would have catered dinners prepared for them, and afterwards Gwendolyn would make exotic teas that she had brought over for them to enjoy in his living room, where they would sit together for hours on his sofa, with Gwendolyn cuddled against him.  Sometimes they would both be reading, or they would work on a crossword puzzle together, taking breaks to exchange endearments, but often Gwendolyn seemed happiest doing nothing - simply drinking in his presence and saying little.
At times, she would delicately probe into his feelings, to gauge their depth, to be sure that she wasn’t alone in hers.  Julian would respond with the sincerest expressions of affection that he could fake, and always made sure to return the question, to appear vulnerable, needing his own reassurance.  After these exchanges, Gwendolyn would allow herself to surrender a little more, and curl up against him more tightly.  Julian was content to indulge her; she was settling in so nicely and seemed to be almost overwhelmed with her feelings.  Whenever she spoke about them, Julian was amazed by their potency.  The heights she described mirrored the depths of her bouts of previous despairs that she had mentioned.  Although she lacked the severity of Priscilla’s bipolarity, he had no doubt that she was genuinely manic-depressive.  For now, he was doing all he could to encourage her joy to escalate, knowing that at some point, it would be time for a sudden, and very brutal, change of direction.
He was mulling this over as they were cuddling on his sofa one Sunday afternoon, after a wonderfully catered brunch, when Gwendolyn leaned over and kissed his cheek.
“Did you enjoy the photos I sent you today?” she asked.
“Which photos are those?” he asked.
“The ones from my trip to Hawaii a few years ago - I emailed them just before I came over.”
“Oh, I haven’t checked my email since this morning.”
“There were so many beautiful spots I found.  I really wanted to share them with you.”
“Oh, that was so thoughtful.  I’ll have to look at them later.”
“I’d love for us to look at them together.  I can tell you all about each one.  Could I show them to you now?”
Julian thought quickly.  His computer was turned off, so there was nothing incriminating on display.  But he wasn’t comfortable having her peer into the inbox of his email.  There was probably nothing suspicious in it; it only consisted of the names of the senders and a brief subject line.  He could open it and quickly click the one that she had sent.  Surely there would be no harm in that, unless Milo had emailed him in the last few hours with another set of photos from Penelope, and had written something stupid in the subject line, like, “New whores from Penelope!  Venezuelan!”
But Milo was generally discreet, and to resist Gwendolyn’s enthusiasm now would only raise suspicion, so he said, “All right.”
They walked up to Julian’s den and sat down at his computer.  He logged on with his password and entered his username and password to get into his email.  He quickly found the email that she had sent him and clicked it open.  As he opened each file to view the photographs, Gwendolyn pointed out features in them, and told him little tales of what she had done there.  Julian found them all mundane but expressed amazement at how exotic all the locales seemed. 
“Well,” she said after he closed the last picture, “I’m glad you enjoyed those.”
“Very lovely,” he said.
“Perhaps someday we might be able to visit them together.”
“That would be delightful.  Maui seems so wondrous….”
He closed her email, signed out of his account, and then turned off his computer.
“Thank you,” he said.  “That was very sweet of you send me those.”
“You’re welcome.  It would be so much nicer to show you in person.”
“Yes, I think I would like that.”
They walked back downstairs.  Julian headed into the living room, while Gwendolyn wandered into the kitchen to prepare some tea.  She filled the kettle, turned on the stove, and then rejoined Julian on the sofa.  Just as she sat down, his cell phone rang.
“Hello?” he said as he answered it.
“Julian!  Thank God I reached you.  It’s Milo.”
“Well, hello.”
“I need your help.”
“What is it?”
“I’m in jail.”
“You’re in jail?” 
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“I shot someone.”
“My God!  Who?”
“One of my landscapers.”
“Why?”
“I thought he was a prowler.  I forgot that they were coming today.  I looked out my upstairs window and saw a man with what I thought was a knife, poking around near a ground floor window.  I grabbed my .357, pointed it at him, and demanded that he drop his weapon.”
“What happened?”
“He just looked up at me and waved it around.  Apparently, he doesn’t speak English.  I panicked and shot him.”
“How is he?”
“He’ll be all right.  I got him in the shoulder.  I’m sure it did some damage, though.  He’s in surgery.”
“Oh, Milo….”
“They were pruning shears.  He was just trimming the roses.”
“What are you being charged with?”
“Aggravated assault, but it was a clear case of self-defense.”
“Milo, the man was thirty feet below you.”
“Well, he seemed threatening….”
“I’m not sure how well that will hold up.”
“I’m sure my lawyer will get it sorted out, but he’s in Tahiti.  And in the meantime, I’m being kept in a holding cell, and I need you to get me out of here!”
“What - a prison break?”
“No, you fool - bail.”
“How much is it?”
“Two hundred thousand.”
“Milo, I don’t have that kind of cash lying around here.”
“No.  You go to a bail bond outlet.  I’m not sure how it works, but there are a number of them within a block.  I know that even paupers can go into one and make the necessary arrangements.”
Julian sighed.
“All right,” he said.  “Where are you being held?”
Milo gave him all the information.
“Okay,” Julian said.  “I’ll come by and take care of it.”
“Please hurry,” said Milo.  “I’m being housed with criminals!  Two of them are fighting over the right to…court me….”
“I’ll come as quickly as I can.”
“Thank you.  I owe you one.”
“Two.”
“Two.”
“I’ll see you soon.”
He ended his call, and turned to Gwendolyn, who was looking at him with another wide-eyed expression.
“Jail?” she asked.
“Yes, I’m afraid so,” he said.
“Who?”
“My friend Milo.”
“The one with the imaginary prowlers?”
“Yes.”
“What did he do?”
“He shot one of them.”
Gwendolyn looked at him oddly.
“He shot an imaginary prowler?” she asked.
“No,” Julian said, “a landscaper.”
“I thought that he suffered from a mental illness.  How did he get a gun?”
“I have no idea.  But I have to get down there right away to bail him out.”
“Shall I come with you?”
“No.  No, I’d rather spare you from having to go through this ordeal.”
“All right.  Shall I just wait for you here?”
“You know, this could take a long time - a very long time.  I’d hate to just leave you waiting here alone all day.”
“All right,” she said.  “I do have some errands to run.  Will you call me later?”
“As soon as I get back home.”
“Okay.”
The tea kettle began to whistle.  Gwendolyn rushed into the kitchen to turn it off, and then they left the house together.  Julian walked her to her car.
“So,” she said, “you’ll call me when you’re finished?”
“Yes,” he said.
“Be careful there.”
He kissed her lightly on the forehead.
“No need to worry,” he said.  “I’ll talk with you soon.”
They both got into their cars and exited the driveway.
 

Chapter 38

It took eight hours to get Milo out of prison, eight hours that were shared with a variety of unpleasant characters.  It was truly a relief for Julian to finally return home, and throw back a few shots of alcohol to erase the memories.  He could only imagine how much worse it must have been for Milo, having been inside, although he had a pretty good idea, as Milo had spent the entire ride home catharting his experience.
Once Julian had settled back down, he placed a call to Gwendolyn.  She was about to go to bed, so they only spoke briefly.  Julian asked if she wanted to come by the next evening, but she said she had to work late the next two nights, and suggested Wednesday instead.  As Julian’s schedule was generally as open as a savannah, Wednesday was fine for him.  They exchanged some endearments, and then said goodnight.
That left Julian with some time off from his current project, so he decided to see if he could arrange something for Milo, to help ease some of his trauma from the day.  
He placed a call to Penelope, to solicit her recommendations.  She suggested a two-course special:  a first course of two large German girls, both highly skilled in modalities of therapeutic massage, and a second course of two mind-bendingly beautiful new girls from Sri Lanka, equally skilled in the art of the most tender of healing, erotic ministrations.
Julian had never been steered wrong by Penelope, so he made the arrangements, and then called Milo, and told him to come over at ten the next night, for a special surprise.

Chapter 39

Wednesday evening found Julian and Gwendolyn again cuddling on his sofa, enjoying some tea she had just made, after their delightfully catered dinner.  Gwendolyn seemed to be taking his presence in deeply, breathing as if she were imbibing his scent, and smiling radiantly.
Julian was pleased that her infatuation was escalating so intensely, but as he contemplated how and when he could play his endgame, it caused him serious concern.  The best time to execute it would be as she was at the peak her of emotion, and her feelings were growing so rapidly that it might be approaching very soon.  But as the time for pulling the trigger seemed to be nearing, he felt completely at a loss.  He knew that he could break her heart to bits at any point by now, but how could he do it so thoroughly that he could be sure to send her all the way to her death?  It was such a risky play - only one shot allowed.  He felt the need to begin probing into her more quickly, to look for strengths and disarm them, to look for weaknesses and start to exploit them.  It was time for him to start taking the lead.  There was groundwork that needed to be done….
 He drew her in more closely, and she let herself settle in further.
“There’s so much eloquence in your silences,” he said, “but I’m so moved, and I learn so much when you talk about your feelings.”
“Often silence best expresses how I feel,” she said.  “Sometimes it seems as if words can only detract.”
“Yes, but even those words that you’ve just now spoken have such wisdom.  One simple sentence, and you’ve taught me so much.  Perhaps you’re right, that an eloquent silence is the best expression of how you feel.  Yet…there’s often pleasure in trying to describe the indescribable - to find words that give our feelings color, and nuance….”
“Yes, there can be.  I often search for words to describe what I feel, but I usually keep them to myself.”
“But I would love to hear the words that you come up with.”
“Really?”
“Yes.  I do feel that you possess wisdom that’s greater than mine.  I often find myself wanting to hear more from you.”
“I assumed that you might actually prefer silence to hearing me prattle on.”
“Oh, no, just the opposite.  Yes, silence can be wonderful, but I love to hear you speak about what goes on inside.  You said that you often search for words to describe your feelings but keep them to yourself.  What words do you come up with?”
Gwendolyn thought for a moment.
“There’s one that’s been obsessing me lately,” she said.  “But it seems so...bizarre….”
“What is it?” he asked.
She thought again for a moment.
“Otherworldly,” she said.
“That’s a lovely word,” he said.
“Yes, it is lovely, but it’s an unsettling word as well.”
“What do you mean?”
She laid her head on Julian’s shoulder and placed her hand on his chest, thinking….
“I’ve never before gotten the chance to let my heart fully bloom,” she said.  “It’s always been cut short in the past.  But with you, for the first time, it’s finally being allowed to happen.  I feel so comfortable, and secure with you.  I can finally let it open, and blossom.  And your patience in refraining from…becoming…physical….  It’s allowed me to let my love grow in its purity, without being…distracted by…baser desires.  And as it has, it’s manifesting a quality that I never could have imagined.”
“Which is?”
“I’ve always had an intuition that love needs time to flower on its own, before expressing it…physically.  Sexuality seems…premature, as if it would disrupt the process of love being able to first find its own true essence.”
“Yes,” said Julian.  “We both feel that way.”
“But I feel as if I’ve been discovering that…there’s even more to it than that.”
“Which is?”
“This will sound so odd….”
“Please, tell me.”
Gwendolyn thought for a moment.
“I’m not…coming to any conclusions about…how things might progress…in that regard,” she said.  “So, I don’t want you to think that I’m stating any firm…moral convictions about how I might act…in the future, or how I might feel about that at another time….”
She fell silent for a minute.  Julian allowed her to take her time.
“But,” she said, “I feel as if I’m coming to very unusual discoveries about love, about the heart, when it finds itself opening as deeply as mine is - and is elevated to the heights that it is….”
“I’d love to hear them,” he said.
“I had always felt that it would be best for love to flower, chastely, at first, and then when the time was right, to let it find its expression in…the physical act.  But…I’m feeling something that is a little different than that.  As I said, it’s not a conclusion, just…a process of discovery….”
She fell silent again.  Julian allowed this, but after a time, felt the need to draw her out.
“Please,” he said, “go on.”
She stayed silent for a minute, but then continued.
“As I feel my love growing,” she said, “it’s so immense, and so powerful.  Yet for all its power, it feels as though it has…enemies - forces that oppose it.”
“What do you mean?” 
“When I’m sitting with you here, like this, we’re in a cocoon of sorts.  It’s a safe place. It’s a familiar place, here, in your living room.  But once I leave here, although I feel the same love after I do, as I get out into the world, there are so many distractions that start to eclipse it.  But it’s not just distraction.  There’s something more.  At first, I thought it was just the harshness of the city - so many jagged edges.  And they all seem to…tear at my feelings….”
She grew silent again, trying to find the right words, and then continued.
“But it’s more than just the city,” she said.  “I find myself imagining being with you, just as we are here on your sofa, only being out in nature somewhere - some gorgeous meadow, laying back against a tree, and taking in all the beauty around us.  But even there, I look more closely, and I see the whole realm of life - the trees, plants, insects, animals - all struggling against one another to secure their own place in Existence.  It looks so peaceful to innocent eyes, but in reality, it’s all one horrific battle - life fighting against life, organisms all forced to eat other organisms to survive, each one struggling to have its brief moment in the sun.  It’s a fierce battle, and in the midst of it, this love that I feel has a…fragility….”
“Yes,” said Julian, “I see what you mean....”
“It’s confusing to me,” she said.  “Love feels like a force more potent than anything I’ve ever known, yet it feels…threatened somehow.  Not by you - you do nothing but make it grow stronger, unlike…any others I’ve known, who failed it, and left it to wither.  No, you only strengthen it, more and more….”
“What is it you sense that threatens it?”
She pondered that for a minute, searching for the right words.
“It sounds so odd,” she said.  “I’m almost afraid to say.”
“I’d really like to hear,” he said.
“It feels as though…this world itself is what threatens it….”
Julian’s attention perked up.
“Please,” he said, “explain.”
“This isn’t easy to describe,” she said.  “My love feels so powerful, yet so many things in this world stand against it, and seem capable of altering it, corrupting it….”
She pressed in more tightly against him.
“Is this making any sense to you?” she asked.
“I…I think I understand what you’re saying,” he said.  “But please, try to describe more clearly what you feel.”
She thought for a minute, and then continued.
“This world can be a brutal place,” she said.  “All of its elements coming into conflict, even on the most rudimentary levels:  inanimate matter and forces colliding against each other, and on the higher levels - Life - again, all organisms in conflict.  Everything in battle, everything in opposition - it’s the Darwinian struggle, and only the strongest survive.  The rest are destroyed.”
“This is not an idyllic realm.”
“No, it isn’t.  And one never notices until one looks very closely.  Or….”
“Or?”
“…Or until one finds oneself suddenly engaged in that battle….”
She grew silent for a minute.  Julian felt the need to draw her along further.
“Please,” he said, “elaborate.”
“I’ve never been engaged in that battle,” she said.  “As humans, we live incredibly innocent, sheltered lives.  Our species has emerged on top, so we never fear being devoured by beasts.  And if we’re fortunate enough to grow up in a time of stability and peace, our survival never feels endangered.  It’s is simply taken for granted, as long as we live in a place that isn’t besieged by war or have bodies that aren’t ravaged by disease….”
She stopped herself as a mortified expression suddenly filled her face.
“I’m sorry,” she said.  “I…I wasn’t thinking.  How insensitive of me to say that.  Your fiancée….”
Julian feigned a look of pain.
“It’s all right,” he said.  “It’s something…that I’ve just had to live with.  There’s no harm in being reminded.  Please, I’d love to hear you continue with what you’re saying.”
“But,” she said, “that was so thoughtless of me, saying that as part of an…abstract line of thought.”
“No, don’t let it worry you.  And besides, what you’re talking about may not be abstract at all.”
She thought for a moment.
“You’re right,” she said.  “This isn’t abstract.  This is something I genuinely feel engaged in.”
“Please,” he said, “go on.”
“I guess my point was that, until very recently, I’ve never felt this…battle.  Survival has never been an issue for me, personally.  But I suddenly feel it.  Not that I, myself, am in some way threatened.  But this tremendous love I feel - this love feels as though it’s been born into the midst of a battle.  It flourishes, and grows, for now, but as I said, it feels…endangered.”
“And what endangers it?”
“The physical realm….”
“How so?”
She pondered again for a minute before resuming.
“This love that’s flowering in me,” she said, “- it feels as though it’s made of something different, something beyond the physical.  It’s…otherworldly.  Again, that word….  It feels as though it’s somehow in opposition to the physical; they clash.”
She thought for a moment, and then continued.
“I don’t think I’ve mentioned to you,” she said, “that I’ve sometimes gone down some rather…unusual spiritual paths in my life….”
“No,” he said, “but I’d love to hear about it.”
“I’ve never subscribed to any particular religion, but I’ve explored a number of different practices and ideas and found great beauty in some of them.  As a young woman I flirted with the notion of becoming a nun, but the conventional orders didn’t feel right for me.  I was drawn to ideas that were much more extreme than traditional Catholicism allows.”
“Such as?”
“I found that some of the older movements, long ago, had ideas that really struck me - ideas that were considered heresies, and severely discouraged.  The Gnostics, the Manicheans…I felt that they were really onto something.  Are you familiar with them?”
“Only a little; I’m sure you know much more.  I’d love for you to tell me more.”
“What fascinated me was their sense of Spirit being made of something other than Matter - a finer substance - and the two being in opposition.  And this same opposition is in the individual - the soul made of a different, and finer, substance than the body.  I think this idea has always been fermenting in the back of my mind.  It gave rise to the intuition that being celibate, at first, was crucial to allow love to bloom.  And as you’ve allowed me to let my love grow, chastely, this intuition has felt validated for me, but now I’ve been finding that it goes even further....”
Again, she fell silent, and again, he felt the need to keep her going.
“Please,” he said, “explain.”
She thought for a moment.
“At first,” she said, “my thought was that the physical body was simply a distraction to…the finer substance that love is made of.  But now I’m beginning to sense that it’s more than a distraction; it’s a threat.  It can not only deflect attention away from love, it can misshape it, and distort it.”
“It can do more than distort it,” he said.  “It can destroy it.”
Gwendolyn looked up at him curiously.
“Do you think?” she asked.
Julian’s assumed a profoundly sad look.  
“I don’t just think,” he said.  “I know.”
Gwendolyn saw his expression and placed her hand tenderly on his cheek.
“Tell me,” she said.
Julian remained silent for a minute, and then spoke.
“I…I’m not sure that I’m ready to,” he said.
“If you’d ever like to tell,” she said, “I’d love to try to understand.”
“Thank you.  In time….”
“So, you don’t think that what I’m talking about is…crazy.”
“Far from it – I think you’re approaching a very deep truth.”
“I’m only beginning to sense some things.  This is all so new, and in ways, unsettling, and there’s so much to absorb.”
“It takes a rare soul to begin to sense them.”
“And suddenly I get the feeling that maybe you’ve sensed them even more than I have.”
“Perhaps….”
Gwendolyn placed her head on his shoulder and snuggled in more closely.
“So much to absorb…,” she said.
They fell into silence, each with their own thoughts.
Julian had been taking this all in carefully.  It reminded him of what he had tried to implant in Felicia.  Felicia had already been on the brink of suicide when he met her, and one his tasks had been to convince her that this world was a truly inhospitable place for any feelings of love that he could inspire in her, so there would be nothing holding her back when the time came to entice her into an attractive way out.
He now realized that this was even more crucial with Gwendolyn.  Although she was prone to suicidal tendencies at times, she wasn’t nearly as close to it as Felicia had been; he was going to have to drive her there himself.  But when the time would come for him to do that, it would be so much better if Gwendolyn, too, somehow felt that this world was the wrong place for her to be.  The seeds of this idea were already germinating in her thought, but now he needed to nurture them, to take them further, to steer them properly, and to move them deeper than mere thought - he needed to entrench them into her soul.
Before he could steer her into the abyss, he needed her to have no desire to grasp for branches on the way down.  In fact, if he could play it right, he wanted her to be absolutely drawn to the bottom of that abyss - to feel that it was her true home, her final refuge from pain, and if possible, her greatest longing.

Chapter 40

The next night found Julian and Gwendolyn cuddling on his sofa after dinner, drinking tea and working on a crossword puzzle together.  Julian was anxious to take their conversation of the previous night further but felt that she would need some time to absorb what they had discussed.  He couldn’t push just yet; he would have to be patient and let her return to the subject only when she felt the desire.  He imagined that it would be a while before she brought it up again.
He had imagined incorrectly.
After a short time, Gwendolyn set the puzzle down and spoke.
“Last night,” she said, “as I lay in bed, it was hard for me to sleep; I found myself compelled by what we had been talking about.”
“Oh?” Julian said, delighted at the way obsessive personality traits could come in so handy….
“Yes,” she said.  “The fact that you didn’t think that my thoughts were…mad…sort of…gave me permission to let myself explore my feelings more deeply.”
“And what did you discover?”
“Well, the more I delved into them, the more they did begin to feel mad.”
“How so?”
“I felt something…different…than what I had described last night.  Yes, there’s something about the world that feels hostile to love at times, and makes it feel fragile and threatened in some ways, but last night, I began to sense something else - something more immediate, and in a way, more frightening.”
“What was it?”
She thought for a moment.
“When I feel my love,” she said, “and my heart, growing as much as it is, it’s becoming so immense.  And as it does, it begins to feel…constrained.  As if it’s pressing up against a limit that prevents it from blossoming fully….”
“Which is?”
“The body…the body itself….”
“Please,” he said, “go on.”
“As my love grows, as my heart expands, it begins to feel so much larger than…,” she looked down at her body, “…this material vessel.  My heart feels held back by it.  Almost…imprisoned….”
She pressed her head into his chest.
“Can you possibly understand what it is that I’m trying to express?” she asked.
He gently kissed the top of her head.  
“I know exactly what you mean,” he said.  “In fact,” he said, as he let a shudder run through him, “I fear that I know it all too well….”
Gwendolyn had felt that shudder and looked up at him.  She saw an expression of profound sadness on his face.
“What is it?” she asked.
“It’s something,” he said, “that I’m not sure I’m ready to discuss just yet.…”
“You know that you can tell me anything.”
“Yes.  Yes, I do, but…not just yet.  In time, I will.  But for now, I’d love for you to continue with what you were saying….”
“All right; it’s…comforting to know, though, that you have some understanding of what it is that I’ve been feeling, and that it’s not really madness.”
“Oh, but it is; it is madness, of a sort.  But love, allowed to fully bloom, is always a form of madness, at least when seen from a lower realm.  What it demands flies in the face of our normal values.”
“How do you mean?”
“As you said last night, love feels as though it’s made of a finer substance, something not physical - otherworldly, as you put it so well.”
“Yes.”
“Or, in another word, Spirit.”
“Yes....  Love, when it grows, feels made of Spirit….”
“And as you said, there have been so many before us who have felt this…opposition between Spirit and Matter - between the Soul and the Body….”
“Yes, there have….”
“I did some reading today on the Gnostics and the Manicheans.  I wanted to learn more about them, so I could understand your attraction to their ideas.  I was so taken with the clarity of what they were saying, and the fervor with which they said it.  They had such an extraordinary sense of the value of the Spirit, or the Soul, and how Matter, or the Body, was its prison.”
“They did, and they practiced such severe austerities to try to separate the two.”
“Some were quite harsh in their practices.”
“Yes, the early Church found them to be far too severe for its liking, but it could never completely suppress them.  Even within the established religious orders, the Mortification of the Flesh became an accepted idea, although not taken to the same extremes.  But practices designed to help separate the Soul from the Body, although done more moderately, became common.”
“And that was just within the bosom of the Church itself.  Outside of that cozy - some might say, timid - environment, other mystics and ascetics pursued it with much greater intensity.”
“Yes, they certainly did.”
“Not to mention the history of Martyrs.  So many of them felt this body to be an anchor, holding them back….”
“Yes, many went willingly, even ecstatically, to their own death.”
“They felt it to be their highest calling - a necessity to allow their Spirit to be released, so it could find its way…home….”
Gwendolyn grew silent, pondering this all with a look of intense interest.  Julian was reluctant to say more; in fact, in his enthusiasm, he worried that maybe he had gone too far.  That was one heavy dose that he had just delivered, and he thought it would be best to be quiet and see if any of it was taking hold.
“I wonder…,” she said.
“Yes?” he asked.
“All of these mystics, and martyrs, and ascetics were inspired by a love of God.  I’m swept up in a merely human love.  I wonder if all this applies.…”
Julian thought, and then chose his words carefully.
“This isn’t something that the mind can answer,” he said.  “This is something that only the heart, only Love, can know.  You have to ignore the mind, and simply feel the heart.”
“Perhaps you’re right,” she said.
He let another shudder run through his body, which Gwendolyn felt.  She looked up at him and saw another sad expression, and a tear forming in his eye.
“I…I know I’m right,” he said.  “I’ve looked into my heart,” he said, nodding, “...and I already know….”
He turned away, looking as if he was trying to hold back more tears.
“What is it?” she asked.
“I,” he said, “…I don’t feel ready to talk about it…yet….”
She placed her hand on his cheek but said nothing.
“I’ll tell you someday,” he said, “but…I need time….”
“Only when it feels right,” she said.
“Thank you,” he sniffed.
He wiped his tears with his sleeve, and then looked at her.
“That’s a question,” he said, “that I’ve had to face, and I know its answer, at least for me.  I can’t…talk about it yet, but I know that it’s one that the mind can’t fathom.  It can only be answered by the heart.  You have to look into your own heart to see.”
She merely nodded, and then placed her head back against his shoulder, silently, contemplating it all.  After a minute, she spoke.
“Yes,” she said.  “You’re right.  The heart knows.  Human or Divine, Love is Love. It doesn’t matter what brings it to life, or what draws it.  It has a life of its own.”
He kissed her lightly on the forehead.
“And with a life of its own,” he said, “what does it seek?”
She thought for a moment.
“It simply seeks to live,” she said.  “And it seeks to grow, without restraint….”
“Yet you feel a restraint,” he said.
“Yes.  And this is what seems terrifying.”
“Please, describe what you mean.”
“As I said, what feels to be its restraint is…the body itself.  My heart feels as if it seeks to expand but feels held back somehow.  The body seeks nothing but its own survival.  But the same is true for…the Spirit…that is being born in me now, and which feels…as if this body is simply too small….”
“They live in conflict.”
“But why is this so?  Why does the heart feel trapped by the body?  Why does it feel that its nature is to...go beyond it?”
Julian thought for a moment.
“Think of it this way,” he said.  “Imagine the eggshell for a flourishing chick.  It provides a crucial protection while the chick is young, and small….”
“But then the chick begins to grow…,” she said.
“Yes, and then before long, the once-necessary shell becomes its prison.  The chick expands, and eventually must break through, into its new, and proper, realm.”
Gwendolyn pondered that.
“And the heart,” she said, “at first slumbers through life, and is shielded from the dangers of the world by the body, until it’s awakened, and then as it grows, it finds itself constrained by the body….”
“All new life must one day leave its womb…or die.”
Gwendolyn snuggled in against him more tightly, with an almost frightened look on her face.
“This isn’t what I imagined Love would be,” she said.
“Love is more than we could ever imagine it to be,” he said.
They were silent for several minutes.  Gwendolyn eventually spoke again.
“To think,” she said, “that it begins as the faintest of stirrings, yet becomes a force so strong that it asks for liberation.”
They fell silent again, each lost in their own thoughts.  
Julian could barely restrain his excitement.  In his impatience, he had been almost reckless in pushing his line of thought, yet she had followed him all the way.  How far down this line could she go, he wondered?
His mind began to race with possibilities.  Brutally rejecting her was such a risky endgame - again, that would only allow one shot to topple her King.  Sure, her King was a bit wobbly, having tried once before to dive off the board, but now he could see a whole new line of play.  Knights and Bishops all began to reposition themselves.  How much better it would be if he could take this further!  The game would no longer be to topple her King, but instead, to turn it into a besotted devotee of Love, eyes turned Heavenward, and then to merely assist in its Ascension.
And this line would give him more than one shot - he could envision making multiple attempts, if needed.  Any failure wouldn’t risk of ending the game.  In fact, each one could be felt by her as a way of taking Love even deeper, while gradually weakening her ties to the world, and to the body, getting him ever closer to the final win.
Yes, that initial line of attack was still there - to emotionally bludgeon the life out of her, but that now seemed like such an feeble play.  If he could take this new line all the way, it was the most beautiful endgame that he could imagine, to get someone to give it up, to give it all up, for Love.
 

Chapter 41

The following evening once again found Julian and Gwendolyn on his sofa.  They were each reading quietly.  Julian was browsing through a classic book on the lives of famous mystics, while Gwendolyn had borrowed his copy of “An Anthology of Greek Tragedies”, and was absorbed in “Medea”, wanting to join him in his reading interest.  Since she was lying on her side with her head on his lap, turned away from him, Julian felt perfectly at ease allowing the smile of irony that was helplessly taking over his face.
After a while, she closed her book, and set it on the table.  She rolled onto her back and looked up at him.
“I stayed awake for hours last night,” she said.  “After I went home, I was still caught up in what we had been talking about.”
“Oh?” he asked.
“Yes.  An idea this…seismic…once it’s broken through, truly commands one’s attentions.”
“And where did your contemplations lead?”
“My thoughts were scattered in a dozen directions, but I kept reminding myself of what you said - that this isn’t something to be sorted out by the mind, but only by the heart.  So, I had to work to keep my mind still, and to let my heart take the lead.”
“Were you able to do that?”
“Often, yes.”
“And?”
She became absorbed in her reflections for a moment, and then spoke.
“The heart truly has reasons,” she said, “that reason will never know.”
“Words of wisdom,” he replied.
“The heart has a life of its own, and as it grows in the ecstasy I feel, its life is all that matters.  Spirit is all that matters.  Love is all that matters.”
“Yes.”
“And if not properly nurtured, its life is at risk.”
“And what does it require for its nurturance?”
“At first, it requires a spark to light it, and you’ve provided that for me.  Then it simply requires the stable presence of the one who lit it, and again, you provide that so well.”
“As you do for me.”
“But as it grows larger and larger as it’s nurtured, it feels a new need.”
“Which is?”
“To simply be allowed to be, and to grow, with no constraints.”
She held up her arm and observed it.
“Ashes to ashes,” she said, “dust to dust.  This body is but a vehicle, a launching pad.”
“A womb,” he said.
“Yes, a womb, perfectly meant to fall away.”
“Or to be left behind….”
Gwendolyn fell into silence, taking that in.  Julian worried if he might have gone a step too far….
After a minute, she spoke.
“That is the question…,” she said.
“What is?” he asked.
“Does one let it fall away, in its own time, or does one take the matter into one’s own hand, and freely sever the cord?”
“Your view?”
“I’ve been wrestling with that.”
“And?”
“I have no conclusions.”
“Describe your wrestling.”
“On the one hand,” she said, “it’s the body that gives birth to the heart.  The body arrives first, with all its coarseness, and weight.  Does one owe it the honor of allowing it to live, and die, in its own way, of its own accord?  On the other hand, once the heart is awakened, does the heart then owe its allegiance, not to its source, but to the direction in which it’s being drawn?”
“Which view seems more compelling?”
“To me, they seem evenly balanced.”
“Perhaps you’re leaving something out of your equation.”
“Which is?”
“Again, this isn’t a matter for the mind to discern, it’s a matter for the heart to discern.  It’s not a question to be thought out.  It’s a dilemma to be felt.”
“Yes, this is true.”
“You can’t let your mind influence your view.  You have to feel it in your heart.”
“Yes.”
“And when I once felt the full weight of this dilemma in my heart, my answer became clear.”
“Which is?”
He fell silent for a minute.  She looked up at him and saw the same grieved expression she had seen the previous night.  She said nothing, allowing him to speak only if he wished to speak.
He spoke.
“I want to tell you a story,” he said, “that I’ve never told to anyone.”
“I want to hear,” she said.
He took a deep breath.  He had already spent the last few days dreaming up the fictitious tale he was about to relate, but he knew that he would need to pay close attention to her reactions, and to improvise along the way….
“This…ebullience,” he began, “that I feel with you is very special - don’t get me wrong.  But I must confess, I once felt something similar.…”
“Was this with your…fiancée?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“That must have been…very difficult.”
He looked at her gravely.
“More than you can possibly imagine,” he said.
“Yes, I’m sure,” she said.  “To lose someone to whom you were so close.…”
“No.  That’s not it.  I mean, yes, of course, that itself was…hard.  But that was far from the worst part.”
“I don’t understand.…”
“Let me try….”
He looked off into the distance, gathering his thoughts.  
“Yes,” he said.  “The loss of someone with whom you are so close, so wedded, is very hard, especially someone like her.  She was truly an angel.  She was from another realm.  I had never met someone with such grace, and such wisdom.  She seemed so out of place here, as if she had most of her weight on a higher plane and was only lightly dipping her toe into this world.  When I first met her, I found it hard to fathom that someone as ethereal as her could have made it that far in life, and that nothing had yet taken her out.  Her nature was that fragile.  She seemed like a traveler whose visa had long ago expired, like heaven overstaying its time on earth.  Every moment with her felt precious, but tenuous.  It always felt to me that it could never last, that this realm could never allow her to remain for long.  Too much chaos, and brutality.  As you said, too many jagged edges.
“But that sense only served to intensify what I felt for her.  To know that it’s limited, to know that it will someday come to an end.… It raises the pitch.
“For a long time, my sense of her temporality was only an abstraction in my mind, but that changed suddenly when we learned that she was…dying.  When she first got her diagnosis, she only had weeks left to live.  And my…mental abstractions were suddenly all too real.  In our last days together, our love grew exponentially, as if a lifetime of Love was being compressed into a few, final days.  And it was then that I learned about Love, about how the heart, when it’s truly awakened, expands, with a life of its own, so immensely that it feels constrained by the body….
“And as I looked back on our life before then, I realized that, if it hadn’t been this illness that was threatening our love, it would have been something else.  What we had was made of such frail stuff.  It was far too fine a thing for this brutal realm.  Bodies being born, bodies dying, ‘the thousand blows that the flesh is heir to’.  I felt that even if she was given a reprieve, and we could have had our entire lives to spend together, our love could never have lasted.  Something would have torn it apart.  It can’t be sustained here.  This isn’t its place.  
“In those last days, we would just be together, saying little; there was so little to say.  Our silence together spoke volumes; words could only detract from the love we both felt.  I knew that she was leaving.  I knew that her body couldn’t hold her much longer.  But she seemed so at peace with it all, as if she was preparing to embark on a wondrous journey.  And I…wanted nothing more than to join her on that journey.  As my love grew so immensely, I came to know that my heart’s fidelity no longer belonged to…this world.  It belonged to her, and even more, to the direction in which both of our hearts were being drawn, together….
“As we knew her final day was nearing, I had already come to my decision - I was going with her, the moment she passed on.  I had even talked with her about it.  I wanted her blessing; I trusted her judgment more than I trusted my own.  She was so serene in her response.  She told me, with the greatest love, ‘Whatever you decide will be perfect.’  That was all I needed to hear; it erased any last doubts that I had.
“She had been spending her last days at her home.  There were a few friends who would come in from time to time, but on the day that she knew would be her last, we asked that no one come by that day - we needed to be alone.  And that’s how it was when she died:  just me at her side, and a loaded gun on the table next to her bed.  I was holding her hand, and she gave me one last smile, and then closed her eyes.  I checked her pulse.  As soon as I knew that she was gone, I immediately picked up the gun….”
Julian paused, as he put his hand to his mouth, and tears welled up in his eyes.  Gwendolyn gave him time.  After several minutes, he continued.
“I was shaking so badly,” he said.  “As I started to bring the gun to my temple, I dropped it onto the floor, and the cylinder popped open, spilling all the bullets.  I got down on my knees to retrieve them and reload, but I was trembling so badly….  Each time I would pick one up and try to load it, I would drop it again.  I knew that I needed to do it immediately if I wanted to be with her, but as I kept picking up bullets and dropping them, picking them up and dropping, my shaking only increased.  I kept trying, for five minutes, then ten, then twenty.  But it was no use.  And I realized by then that too much time had passed - I knew that she had moved on without me, that I had lost the chance to be with her.  I was beside myself with grief, but I still kept trying to reload - even though I felt that it was too late to join her, I still wanted to end it all, because my pain and humiliation was too much to bear.  I wanted so much to go with her, but my hands failed me.  My body failed me.”
He looked at Gwendolyn, in anguish.
“I failed,” he said.
He put his head in his hands and continued.
“I never doubted that it was the right thing to do,” he said.  “I simply lacked the fortitude.  In the weeks, the months, that followed, of all the emotions that I felt - the loss, the pain, the grief, the raging against the gods, the worst one was the sense of guilt, and shame, that when the time came for me to truly follow my heart, I didn’t have the guts….”
Julian then lapsed into silence.  As Gwendolyn watched him, she could see a pained and harrowed expression on his face.  He sat, quietly, with his look unchanging, for several minutes.  She finally felt that it was time to help draw him out.
“But,” she said, “if you had….”
“If I had,” he said, “I would have followed my heart.”
“But you would also be…dead.”
He looked at her, with his face now even more pained.
“Ever since that moment,” he said, “I’ve never really been alive….”
She didn’t know quite how to respond.  She simply reached up and placed a tender hand on his cheek.  He held his hand over hers.
“Since that moment of failure,” he said, “I’ve felt haunted.  I’ve been walking through this world as a shadow.  I don’t belong here.  I was supposed to be somewhere else.”
She rubbed his cheek gently, saying nothing.
“I’ve tried to rationalize it away,” he said.  “I’ve tried asking myself, ‘What if the roles had been reversed?  What if I was the one who was dying?  What if it was her asking me for my blessing?’  Would I say to her, ‘No.  Live.  Remember me, and what we had, but go on with your life.  Go through your time of mourning, but let yourself heal, and once again, find your pleasures in life.  Find someone new.  Love again.  Love with all your heart again.’?  I tried to believe that that’s what I would have said, that that was the right thing to say.”
He sighed deeply.
“But in the end,” he said, “I could never make myself believe it.  I kept remembering how very wise she was, how she seemed to possess knowledge that was beyond what the rest of us know, and how, when I asked for her blessing, she had answered me.  And the more I felt her answer, the more I knew that it was true.  Her words were so simple.  ‘Whatever you decide,’ she had said, ‘will be perfect.’
“But the look on her face was so loving, so peaceful, and so radiant, that I knew that she knew what my heart would decide.  There was only one choice: to follow Love, wherever it may lead.  She fully expected me to come with her, because she knew that, once one truly knows Love, one must be willing to follow it completely, to let it lead the way, wherever that might be, and that to fail to do so is the truly suicidal act.
“So, by failing to act in that moment, my body lives on, but I murdered my Love.  And I lost her forever….”
He then fell into silence.  Gwendolyn was unwilling to break it, so they simply stayed in their position, quietly, for the next few minutes, each with their own, unspoken thoughts.
By that time, she felt that it was finally appropriate to speak.
“It must be hard,” she said.
He looked down at her and nodded.
“It is what it is,” he said.  “It’s the fate I’ve created for myself.  I go on, I live my life, but it’s a haunted life.”
“But how,” she said, “does this affect…I truly don’t mean to sound selfish…but, how does this affect your feelings for me?”
“No, I don’t take that as a selfish question.  It’s a very genuine one, and a caring one, to ask.”
He stroked her hair as he looked at her gently.
 “I didn’t think,” he said, “that I would ever want to meet another woman.  I had known Love.  I had known it to its apogee.  What would be the point?  To feel that splendor again, to climb that summit again…I had already been there and found myself to be unworthy of the gift.  Why would I want to do it again?  And even if I wanted to, was it even possible anymore?
“But over time, life develops movements of its own.  For three years, I had been living as a phantom.  I still am, really.  But phantoms do feel.  They eat, they breathe - they develop longings for company.  I never expected that I would ever feel anything remotely like what I had felt before, but it was as if an unseen hand was gently propelling me forward and sending me out into the world again.  I guess I felt the need for a new friend.  And maybe, something would come out of that friendship, something…well, not healing.  I don’t believe that healing is possible, but something…comforting - a balm.  Life still had its…small pleasures.  I had no design, no intentions.  I merely stepped out again.
“It seemed so pointless, at first.  I would write to women, meet them, talk….  But it’s so horrible out there - the shallowness, the selfishness, the lack of mind, and depth.  It just felt useless.
“But then, when I met you, it suddenly didn’t feel pointless.  It felt…wonderful…to meet someone so kind, and so understanding.  I could simply be myself and open up.  The pleasure of warm, intelligent company is not to be underestimated.  I began to feel more alive around you.  I didn’t anticipate that.  And in time, in a very short time, my feelings began to escalate.  I had no idea it was possible.  It takes a remarkable being, to light such a flame in a man, especially in one with such a damaged wick as I possess.  But you did.  The radiance, the joy…it’s all come back.  But.…”
He lapsed into silence again.  She waited for a minute, and then asked, “But what?”
He sighed.
“But,” he said, “it’s a radiance, and a joy, that’s no less than what I’ve known before, but it lives in a changed being.  It lives in a ghost.”
“I don’t…understand,” she said.
“I can’t say that I do, either.  I was surprised that I could feel this way again, and once I did, I felt equally surprised that it didn’t change me.  When I first began to feel the love for you that I do, I assumed that I would be washed clean, that there would be a rebirth, a resurrection of sorts.  But it hasn’t happened.”
“But it’s still so new.  Perhaps in time….”
He stroked her hair, and gave her the smile of an old, journeyed soul, taking in the question of a pure and innocent child.
“Perhaps,” he said.
He continued to stroke her hair, but the look on his face suddenly turned very solemn.
“No,” he said.  “I can’t lead you on that way.  I can’t tell you something that I know isn’t true.”
She looked at him, seeking more.
“Believe me,” he said, “I can feel as much love for you as any man possibly can.  And I believe that my love can light your own as brightly as anyone’s could.  But my love will always be the love of a broken man.”
“But broken things can be mended,” she said.  “Broken things can heal.”
“Some things, once broken, can never be healed.  But.…”
She waited, but he didn’t continue, so she spoke.
“But what?” she asked.
“But they can be redeemed,” he said.
“I don’t…understand the difference.”
“It’s a very large one.”
“Explain.”
He thought for a minute.
“Meeting you,” he said, “knowing you, loving you, has set my heart aflame once again, as I never imagined it could be.  And the rapture is as strong and as wonderful as it ever was before.  But now, it co-exists with an anguish, one will always be with me, unless….”
“Unless…?” she asked.
“Unless,” he said, “I take this miraculous second gift, and vow to follow my heart, wherever it leads.”
“And it will lead to…?”
He looked at her solemnly.
“We’ll have to find out…,” he said.
She reached up and stroked his cheek again.
“You’re remarkable,” she said.
“As are you,” he said.
They fell into silence again, each lost in their own thoughts, and feelings, for a full ten minutes.  Finally, Gwendolyn spoke.
“What unfolds from you,” she said, “is more depth that I ever dreamt possible.”
“It can only unfold,” he said, “in the presence of an equal depth.”
Those were the last words spoken on the subject.  They simply stayed in their positions, Julian sitting, with Gwendolyn’s head in his lap, exchanging tender, meaningful caresses, for the next half hour.
Eventually, Gwendolyn spoke.
“It’s getting late,” she said.  “I should be getting home.  Work tomorrow.”
“Of course,” he said.
“We can’t all have the luxury of your leisure.”
“I guess not.”
“Will you walk me to my car?”
“Of course.”
They slowly rose, and after they did, Gwendolyn threw her arms around him, and held him tightly.  Julian did the same to her.  They released their hold, and gazed at each other, with a mixture of adoration, and gravity.  Then they turned, and walked outside, to Gwendolyn’s car.  She took both of his hands into hers and gazed into his eyes.
“Another…otherworldly evening,” she said.
“Yes,” he said, “it has been.”
She brought his hands to her mouth, and then kissed them.
“To Love,” she said, “wherever it leads….”
He took hers and kissed them as well.
“Wherever it leads,” he said.
They held their gaze for a moment, and then she climbed into her car, started it, gave him one last smile, and drove off into the night.
Julian watched as she drove away.  What an extraordinary woman, he thought.  What a truly incredible soul – to be able to ponder ideas like this with such clarity, to be able to feel these things with such depth….
He took in a deep breath.  As he exhaled, a dark smile arose within.
It’s almost a shame, he thought.
The smile darkened, and slowly made its way up to his face.
Almost…, he thought.

Chapter 42

Over the next week, Julian and Gwendolyn spent most evenings at his home, curled up on his sofa, reading books that she had brought over from work - books on the lives and writings of the great Christian mystics and martyrs, exploring the ideas that were now completely obsessing her.  
The first night, Julian had again ordered an extravagantly catered dinner, but as Gwendolyn had became more entranced with her readings, she had decided that she wanted to pursue a path of austerity, and to begin eating only small amounts of brown rice each day.  Julian pretended to join her in her new lifestyle, but not being the austere type, he indulged in elaborate dining when they were apart, but when together, their meals only consisted of small bowls of rice, and cups of boiled water, with no added tea.
Their conversations would begin each night with small talk, exchanging little stories of how their day had gone, but would soon veer back into the topics that were capturing Gwendolyn.  Julian didn’t have to feign interest; he himself was becoming fascinated with the subject, although largely for how he could use it to steer her in the desired direction.
One night, after their dinner of brown rice, they were reading together on his sofa, sipping their hot water.  Julian had his nose in a book about the Desert Fathers, while Gwendolyn was lying with her head in his lap, browsing through a chapter on Saint Rose of Lima.
“Hmm,” said Gwendolyn.
“Yes, my love?” Julian asked.
“Saint Rose thought herself to be too beautiful, so she disfigured her face with pepper and lye.”
Julian made a mental note of that and stored it away.
“Self-mutilation,” he said, “is so common among the mystics.  The chick,” he said, looking away dreamily, “pecking at its shell…,”
“That must have been terribly painful,” she said.  “One would think the lye would be sufficient.  Why add the pepper as well?”
“Perhaps her heart was feeling a greater pain, as it was trying to find its way out….”
“Perhaps, but still,” she shuddered.
“The lengths that some have gone to," Julian said.  "I’m just now reading of how Saint Simeon spent thirty-seven years living continuously on a three-foot by three-foot platform atop a pillar in the Syrian desert.  Thirty-seven desert summers, thirty-seven desert winters, exposed to the elements….”
“Really….”
“And one thinks of the Gnostics, castrating themselves, in the days before anesthesia….”
“Yes, many of the Gnostics went to extremes.”
“Oh, castration is nothing compared to what others have done.  I was reading today about the Donatists.  Have you ever studied them?”
“No, I haven’t.”
“They were an early Christian sect, influenced by the Gnostics, and one that was very determined to liberate the Soul from the Body.  Many would form small groups, and hand in hand in hand, leap off cliffs together to their deaths.  Others would take all the money that they had, and seek out passersby, offering them all they owned to stab them to death.  They were generally rebuked, but were very persistent, and would eventually find someone to take them up on their offer.”
“I had never heard of them.”
“It was a short-lived sect.  No matter how many converted, the number of members tended to dwindle quickly over time.”
“Yes, I see how that could happen….”
“But they lived, and died, solely to liberate the Spirit.  They understood that the Body is its prison.”
“I don’t know,” Gwendolyn said, observing her own arm, and then looking down over her body.  “It has its…own beauty.  And it has its place….”
“It does - as a womb, as a vessel which gives birth.  Our hearts could never have found each other, and have been brought to life, without it.”
“But what to do once it has served its purpose?”
“As you said so well, that is the question.  What have you been learning from practicing our austerities?”
She smiled.
“I’ve only begun,” she said, “but already I can feel how…denying my body’s demands allows my heart to grow even more.”
“It’s what so many others have discovered,” he said.  “Tell me, as your heart has grown, does it still come up against restraint?”
“At first, as I turn away from the body and…refuse to feed its desires, I can feel it fall away to a degree, and it does allow my heart to expand even more.  But yes, soon again, my heart hits resistance.  Mortification of the Flesh has so far that it can go….”
Julian smiled gently as he stroked her hair.
“It has so very far that it can go,” he said.
She looked up at him and returned his gentle smile.
“When I’m with you,” she said, “my heart truly has no limits.”
“Nor mine with you,” he said, “except for its one constraint.”
They held their enamored smiles.  After a minute, Gwendolyn’s suddenly turned frightened, but it soon passed, and her smile grew more radiant.
“A moment’s fear?” asked Julian.
“A moment’s,” she replied.
“Fear only arises from the body.  Love itself knows no fear.”
Gwendolyn pondered that.
“So true,” she said, “so very true.  Love only knows Love.”
“Yes,” he said.  “The tragedy is when Love is directed to the wrong thing.  I just read a wonderful line about that.  Let me find it….”
He leafed through his book.
“Yes,” he said, “here it is.  ‘Go to the cemetery and see what you love, when you love your body.’”
Gwendolyn closed her eyes and absorbed that, and then opened them and smiled at Julian.
“That’s so beautiful,” she said.
“Others have known the beauty of Love,” he said, “and of the Spirit, and have taken it so much further then we’ve been able to.”
“It takes time, I suppose, to fully understand.”
“Perhaps it does, but there are also times, or circumstances, in which this knowledge can suddenly become clear.”
“Do you think?”
He looked at her gravely.
“I’ve had such a time,” he said, “and such a circumstance….”
“That’s right,” she said.  “Your understanding is far ahead of mine.”
“At the time, apparently my understanding hadn’t penetrated deeply enough.”
She returned his solemn look.
“And now?” she asked.
“I can’t say that I know,” he said.  “I imagine that at some point it will be tested again, and only then will I know.”
“What do you imagine might test it?”
“I suppose confronting the only thing that can truly drive the point home.”
“Which is?
“Mortality.”
She looked up at him and stroked his cheek.
“For so many,” he said, “it was only when they realized the inevitability of Death that they finally understood the primacy of the Spirit, and the meaninglessness of the Body.”
“There are so many spiritual practices that strive to elicit this sense,” she said.
“Yes, there are.  And I suppose you’re right, that when one follows such a practice, it does take time for that sense to take root.  But then there are situations in which this sense is suddenly unavoidable….”
“And you’ve been in such a situation…with your fiancée.”
“Yes.”
Gwendolyn took this all in and thought about it.
“We all know, intellectually,” she said, “that death is our Ultimate fate.  But we avoid thinking about it, so we can just enjoy the moment, without…dwelling on that.”
“Yet,” he said, “but being intensely aware of the fact that that is our fate can enhance each moment.  As I said before, it raises the pitch.”
“I suppose you’re right.  I remember reading that, even at an early age, Tibetan monks spend years meditating on their own death.”
“It prepares them for the Inevitable.  They have no fear of Death.  They know that it’s where they’re headed, so they learn to relinquish their attachment to anything which is only temporal.”
“And this body is most temporal.”
“It is.”
“These monks have also said that it makes them appreciate each moment of life more deeply.”
“Exactly - in surrendering to Death, they also surrender to each moment, and especially to the most wonderful thing in each moment, whatever that may be.”
“Yes….”
“Tell me,” he said, “what is the most wonderful thing that you know, right in this very moment?”
She thought for a few seconds.
“Love” she smiled.  “This love that you light in me - it’s the most wonderful thing that I’ve ever known....”
“And I, too,” he said, “have found Love to be the most wondrous thing to surrender to.”
“It seems to command it.”
“It does.  And I’m happy to obey that commandment.”
“As am I.”
“In fact, I’m more than just happy to surrender to it.  I’m compelled.”
“Yes, compelled….”
He looked at her intently.
“It’s my path of redemption,” he said.
“Yes,” she said.  “I’m beginning to understand what you meant when you first said that.”
“To follow Love, wherever it goes, whatever it demands….”
“I’m beginning to believe that it’s also my only path now, as well....”
“You look almost sad when you say that.”
She thought for a moment.
“Perhaps,” she said, “because it can demand sacrifice….”
“Sacrifice of what?” he asked.
“I sense that it can require…sacrifice of everything that isn’t Love.”
“Such as?”
“Everything.  One can go mad; one can lose one’s entire self if one fully surrenders to Love.”
“Does the sacrifice feel worth it?”
She thought for a moment, and then smiled.
“Yes,” she said.  
Julian smiled back, and gently stroked her hair.  Gwendolyn sat up slowly and curled up against him as he held her more closely.  They simply stayed in that position for another half hour, without a word.
Eventually Gwendolyn looked at her watch and realized that it was nearing her bedtime.
“Another wonderful evening,” she said, “but I’m afraid I must be going.”
“Yes,” he said, “I can’t keep you up too late.”
After a few more minutes, they both rose from the sofa, and he took her hand as they walked to her car.  As she was retrieving her keys from her purse, she said, “Oh, I was wondering if I could ask a favor of you.”
”Of course,” he said.
“Are you free tomorrow afternoon?”
“There’s nothing pressing.”
“I received a notice from my postal carrier that there’s a certified letter for me.  It said that he’d come by tomorrow between three and five o’clock to try to deliver it again, but I’ll have to run errands all over town tomorrow for work.  Someone needs to be there to sign for it.  Do you think that I could trouble you to come by tomorrow and wait for it?”
“I’d be happy to.”
“Thank you,” she smiled.  “That’s so nice of you.”
“Think nothing of it.”
“This will give you a chance to see my humble little home for the first time.”
She rummaged through her purse and produced a set of keys.
“These will let you inside,” she said.  “Just make yourself at home.”
“All right,” he said.
 “Let me write down the address for you.”
She did so, and then handed him the slip of paper.
“So,” he said, “between three and five?”
“Yes,” she replied.
“I’ll come by at two, in case he arrives early.”
“You’re such a dear.”
“I’m happy to be of service.”
They exchanged a long hug, and then Gwendolyn got in her car and drove off as they both waved good bye.

Chapter 43

The next afternoon, Julian pulled into Gwendolyn’s driveway.  It was, indeed, a humble little home, he thought, as he turned off his car, and walked up to her front door.  He unlocked it and stepped inside.
He was stunned.
Hanging on every wall of her living room were large, framed photographs of HER, of Gwendolyn’s niece, of the scourge responsible for all his misery.  There were dozens of them, some as large as three feet by five.  The room was a sick, garish shrine, created by an obviously insane woman, in homage to a spoiled little brat who despised her.
He looked over all the photos, too shocked into immobility to do anything else.  There were several of her as a child, displaying her disarming looks, even at such young ages.  There were others of her as a teenager, blossoming into the exquisite beauty that she was becoming.  Others, more recent, showed the full flowering of that magnificence.  And then, the final three that he saw plunged the dagger fully into his heart, and into his loins.
He had never seen the erotic photographs the she had alluded to from her lingerie modeling, but here they were, and they set everything ablaze in him.  He longed, he ached, he agonized for her.  The photos tore into him like shrapnel.  He collapsed on the floor, writing in pain, crying like an infant.  This love, this ardor, this passion for her that burned so powerfully in his soul was still there, but now only seared it.  Wave after wave of grief swept over him.  He curled up into a ball in a primal, useless effort to ward it off.  But it came, and came, as fresh, and as brutal, as he had ever felt it.
He lay helplessly a minute, but in Julian, with a rapidity that no one else on earth possessed, pain would cycle into rage.  He found himself standing again, staring at all the photos, barely restraining himself from ripping them off the wall, smashing their glass coverings, and tearing into them with the ferocity of a thousand piranhas.  It took all his strength, and his wits, to keep from doing so, but he held his fury in check, and simply allowed it to course its way within him, and to brew.
His motive, already compelling, grew tenfold in its strength.  
He left the house and sat on the front doorsteps.  That living room was a storehouse of gunpowder for him, and he needed no more.  He was now packed to the gills.
He sat there, waiting for Gwendolyn’s letter to arrive, his mind racing with angles, moves, and strategies.  His entire being was now reduced to a single line of intent.
 

Chapter 44

Gwendolyn arrived home at six, and found Julian still sitting on her doorsteps.  She sat next to him and gave him a kiss on his cheek.
“Hello,” she said.
“Hi,” he said.
She leaned back a bit.
“You don’t look very well,” she said.
“No?” he asked.
“No.  Are you feeling all right?”
Julian stared straight ahead with a dazed expression.
“Actually,” he said, “I haven’t been feeling well today.  I’ve been having some… very strange dizzy spells.”
“Oh, you poor dear,” she said as she put the back of her hand to his forehead.  “No fever.”
“No, it doesn’t feel like a flu.  I’ve been feeling dizzy, and just very…odd.”
“What do you suppose it is?”
“I don’t know, but I’ve made an appointment to see my doctor first thing tomorrow morning.  It’s probably nothing, but I should have it checked out, to make sure it’s not anything serious.”
“Oh, I’m sorry you’re not feeling well.   Have you eaten today?”
“I ate a bit of rice this morning, but nothing since.”
“Well, you should eat something.  Why don’t I make us some rice for dinner?”
Julian was in no mood for setting foot in that living room again.
“I wonder if it might be okay,” he said, “to splurge a bit.  Just this one time - maybe go out for dinner….”
Gwendolyn thought for a moment.
“Well,” she said, “I’m really enjoying this new austerity….  But maybe the change in diet is too abrupt for you.  Perhaps that’s why you’re not feeling well.”
“Perhaps,” he said.
“There’s a little vegetarian restaurant nearby.  Why don’t we go there for dinner?  I can simply order brown rice for myself, but maybe it would be good for you to order something more substantial.”
“That might be nice.”
“Alright, let me just change clothes quickly.”
She stood up.
“So,” she said, “I know that it’s nothing like yours, but what do you think of my humble little abode?”
“Oh,” he said, “it’s…very cozy.”
“Thank you.  Did you get to see the garden in back?”
“Um, no, I didn’t.”
“Well, come.  I’d love to show you.  I’m quite proud of it.  You might learn a thing or two from it for your gardening.”
“Oh.  Alright….”
“Okay.  Let’s stand you up,” she said, helping him up.  She started walking him toward the front door.  He stopped.
“Can’t we just walk around the side of the house?” he asked.
“No,” she said, “the gate is locked, and I keep the key inside.  We have to go through the house.”
In the two seconds that were available, Julian was unable to come up with a plausible reason not to, so he found himself being led into her living room.
“Oh,” Gwendolyn said as they entered the room.  “You’re probably wondering about all of these photographs.”
“No,” he said.  “Not really.”
“These are all photos of my niece.  I don’t know if you remember from my profile on our dating site, but I had raised her after my brother died, when she was thirteen.  She’s quite beautiful, isn’t she?”
“Um, yes - very lovely.”
“She’s been at Harvard for the last four years, finishing up her undergraduate studies.”
“You must be very proud.”
“Yes.  She’s a brilliant girl.  I imagine she’s doing very well there.  She, um….”
Gwendolyn trailed off, and then looked down, a little sadly.
“Actually,” she said, “I’m not really sure how well she’s doing there.  We don’t…communicate…very much….”
“No?” Julian asked.
“No, she’s a…troubled girl, difficult childhood.  She has sort of…cut me out of her life.  I try to keep in touch with her, but she…doesn’t accept phone calls from me.  I send her cards to say hello, but she never writes back.  Well, sometimes she sends me a letter asking for financial aid….”
Gwendolyn sighed deeply.
“Oh,” she said, looking up, “that reminds me.  Did my letter arrive today?”
Julian had received the letter from her postman an hour before. He pulled it out of his sport coat pocket and handed it to her.
“Thank you so much,” she said as she opened it and began to read.
“Oh, my goodness,” she said.
“What?” he asked.
“Speak of the devil….
“What?”
“I haven’t heard from her for…two years….”
“From who?”
“From my niece.  It’s a letter from her.”
She read it for a moment, and then put her hand to her mouth.
“Oh, dear,” she said.  
“What is it?” he asked.
She held up her hand to stop him from speaking so she could continue to read.
“Oh, no,” she said.  “No, no, this just isn’t right….”
“What is it?” he asked again.
“It’s....sort of a form letter that she’s apparently sending to all of her friends.  Well, she added a personal note to me at the bottom - another request for money….”
“What’s in the letter?”
Gwendolyn looked up at him, concerned.
“Well,” she said, “I know nothing about her personal life, but I think she’s been so devoted to her studies that she has very little experience with men.  She’s only twenty-two….”
“What is it?”
“Well, it seems as though she’s gotten engaged, and while that might normally be good news to receive, the man she’s getting married to is one of her professors, and apparently he’s sixty-one.” 
Julian was stunned.  He couldn’t move.  He couldn’t utter a sound.  Gwendolyn looked down and read from the letter:
“‘Yes,’ she writes, ’I know what you’re all thinking - Herman is sixty-one, and that’s far too old for me, but age doesn’t matter at all - as soon as I met someone as brilliant as Herman, I just couldn’t help falling in love….’”
Julian was frozen.  Gwendolyn looked at him.
“Julian?” she said.  “Are you all right?”
He couldn’t respond.
“Are you having another dizzy spell?” she asked.
He couldn’t move or speak.
“Would you like a glass of water?” she asked.
She waved her hand in front of his face but got no response.
“Julian?” she said.  “My God, should I call 911?”
He looked at her, utterly lost.
“No,” he said.  “No.”
“You don’t look well at all,” she said.
He stared blankly into space.
“I need to go home,” he said.
“Maybe you should just lie down here on the sofa,” she said.
“No,” he said, barely cognizant of where he was.  “I want to go home.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes….”
“Are you…well enough to drive?”
“I need…to go…home....”
“Well, okay.  If you’re sure.…”
“Yes....”
“I guess you’ll have to let me take you out to dinner another time.”
“Must…go…home....”
She helped him out to his car, and then watched as he got in and started it up.  She motioned for him to roll down his window, which he did.
“Would you like me to give you a ride to your doctor’s tomorrow?” she asked.
“Doctor,” he repeated, as if that word, as if any word, was just a sound that had no meaning.
“Yes, your doctor’s appointment tomorrow,” she said.  “Would you like me to drive you there?”
He looked at her and had no idea who she was.  She looked very concerned as she saw how disoriented he seemed.
“Are you sure you’re all right to drive?” she asked.  
Her words were just more odd sounds that meant nothing, like the sound of wind whistling through trees.  He turned away, slowly backed his car out of her driveway, and very slowly drove away.

Chapter 45

After a sleepless night, the next day found Julian pacing back and forth in his library, thinking, calculating, and planning.  He felt as if he had been through a war, a bar fight, and Hell.  The fatigue and the lingering emotional concussion from the day before had him in a ragged state, but he figured he could put that to use during his next move.
He placed a phone call to Gwendolyn.
“Hello?” she answered.
“Gwendolyn,” he said in a wavering voice, “it’s…me.  It’s Julian.”
“Hello, my poor dear.  Are you feeling better today?”
“Gwendolyn…I need to see you.”
“Oh, I’ve missed you too.”
“I…I need to see you now.”
“Are you all right?”
“I’m….”
“You don’t sound well.”
“Please.  May I…come over?”
“Of course.  Did you see your doctor this morning?”
“I…I need to see you.…”
“Well, yes.  Come over.  Is everything all right?”
“I’ll…I’ll be over…as soon as I can.”
“Okay.  I’ll see you soon, my darling.”
“Yes.”
He ended the call.  He slipped on a pair of latex gloves and rummaged through his home for various items:  plastic bags, electrical cord, razor blades, liquid drain opener, rope….  He unlocked a cabinet and browsed through his weapons.  He decided on an untraceable .22, loaded with untraceable ammunition.  He put them all in a bag, took it out to his car, tossed it in the trunk, and sped off.
Yes, he thought.  This is sloppy.  This is artless.  But he was far beyond caring about art, and no longer gave a damn about elegance or nobility.  He just wanted it done, and wanted it done now.  If there was nothing in her home which she could use to kill herself, it was no longer beneath him to provide her with the means and take his chances from there.  Hell, if she had trouble bringing herself to do it, he might even be willing to lend her a hand.
The sooner he was finished with her, the better.  He now had a professor to hunt down as well….
But as he was driving, he realized that he couldn’t let himself start thinking that far ahead just yet.  He needed to devote his frazzled attention to the immediate task at hand.
 

Chapter 46

Julian stopped his car a block from Gwendolyn’s home to gather himself.  He took a deep breath, changed his expression from murderous rage to one of incomparable grief, and then slowly drove into her driveway.  He turned off the ignition, stumbled out of his car, and then staggered toward her door.  When he arrived there, he slumped against her doorframe, and then knocked.  When she opened her door, her look turned frightful when she saw him.
“Julian,” she said, “are you alright?”
“Please,” he said, “help me inside.  Help me sit down….”
She led him inside to her sofa.  He sat down carefully, and as she was still standing in front of him, he put his arms around her, buried his head into her belly, and began to weep.
“What is it?” she asked.  “What’s wrong?”
He didn’t answer.   She could only hold his head and wait for his sobbing to subside.  After a it did, but he continued to hold her tightly, breathing heavily.
“Please,” she said.  “Tell me what’s wrong.”
He composed himself a little, and took her hands in his, guiding her down onto the sofa next to him.
“I…” he said.  “I…bad news….”
“What is it?” she asked.  “My darling, what is it?”
“I’m…not well.”
“What?  Did you see your doctor?”
He nodded his head as he sniffled.
“What did he say?” she asked.
Julian began to cry again.  She stroked his face tenderly.
“Please,” she said.  “Tell me.”
“They found a tumor,” he said.
“Oh, no,” she said.  “Where?”
“In my brain.”
“Oh!  Oh, dear!”
“Yesterday, remember?  I was feeling dizzy?”
“Yes.  My God.  Where is it in your brain?”
“It’s…it’s right against the brainstem.”
“Oh!” she gasped.  “Oh, no!”
She looked at him fearfully.
“Can it…be removed?” she asked.
He slowly shook his head.
“No,” he said, “Not where it is.”
She began to tremble.
“Are there…other treatments?” she asked.
“It’s too late,” he said.  “It’s too big.”
Her mouth fell open, and she began to breathe heavily.
“Is it...,” she started to ask hesitantly, “…what’s the prognosis?”
He looked at her, anguished, and simply shook his head.
“No,” she said, breathing harder.  “No….  A second opinion?”
“I had three,” he said.  “Two of the city’s best neurosurgeons happened to be at the hospital where I had my MRI.  My doctor brought them in.  I’ve seen the MRI myself.  There’s just…,” he trailed off.  “There’s nothing they can do.”
She fell backwards, and Julian had to lunge to catch her so she wouldn’t tumble onto the floor.  He gently pulled her towards him as her head fell against his chest.
“No,” she said, almost in a whisper.  “No….  No….  No….”
Tears began flowing from her eyes, dampening his shirt.
“God, no,” she said as she wept.  “No.  This can’t be.  This can’t be….”
Julian simply stroked her hair as she clutched his shirt and began to cry harder.
“No,” she moaned.  “It’s not fair.  Not you.  Oh, God, Julian, not you….”
“My love…,” he said.
“Oh, God,” she said, hyperventilating through her tears.  “Oh, God….”
“It’s alright,” he said, trying to comfort her, but she was simply inconsolable.  He just held her for several minutes as she cried, unable to speak.
 “I’m so sorry,” he finally said.
“Oh, God,” she said.  “Oh, God, Julian, don’t leave me.  Don’t let them take you away….”
“I’m sorry.  My love, I’m so, so sorry….”
“How...,” she said, looking up at him and trying to form the words, “…how long?”
“Weeks;” he said, “I only have weeks to live.”
A look of terror swept over her.
“Weeks??” she said.  “Only weeks?!”
“Yes,” he said mournfully.  “I don’t know how it didn’t manifest before – the symptoms came on so suddenly.”
“Oh, my God!  How can it….  How can….  How long have you had it?”
“I have no idea.  But it’s obviously growing fast.  I hardly felt a thing, but yesterday I began getting so dizzy.  And today…it’s just been getting so much worse.”
Her expression looked like she was drifting off into another world, and her head fell back against his chest.  
“No,” she said.  “No.  This can’t be happening….”
He held her for several minutes, as neither of them spoke.  He could feel her growing limp.
“No,” she finally said, weakly.
“I’m so sorry,” he said.  “It’s so wrong.  Why now?  Why not months ago, before I met you?  It would have been terrible then, but now…now it’s unbearable.”
“No….”
“So much love I feel for you - why couldn’t this have happened when I was so alone?  I had nothing to really live for back then.”
“No….  No….  This can’t be real….”
“I had nothing to lose.  But now….”
“Please,” she said.  “Please, just hold me….”
He simply held her, in silence, for several minutes.  It felt like the life was draining out of her.  After a while, he decided that it was time to start draining it all the way.
“My love,” he said, “I wanted to take this so much further.  I….  I already knew that I wanted you in my life forever….”
She looked up at him, now even more grief stricken.
“You did?” she asked.  “You felt that much?”
“Yes,” he said, “it happened so quickly, but I already knew that you were the only woman I would ever want in my life.”
“So, this wasn’t just…?”
“No, no, my love, it was everything to me.”
“So, I’m losing…more than I even dared imagine?”
He returned her grief-stricken look, and merely nodded.  Her face contorted even more, and she buried it into his chest again.
“No,” she said weakly as she began to cry again.  “No, no, no.  Oh, God, no….”
“I’m so sorry,” he said.  “I’m so, so sorry….”
He gently rocked her.  After a few minutes, her crying subsided, and she spoke softly.
“Please,” she said, “let me…take that in.  Even just for a moment…let me feel…what it is that you’ve just said….”
“I only wish,” he said, “that I had said it sooner.”
“No, it was too soon to…bring that up.  But now, just to know…just to know that that’s what you were feeling….  Let me take that in.  Let me take that in…all the way….”
She pressed against him tightly, breathing heavily and deeply.  After several minutes, she looked up at him with the most incredible combination of sadness and love that he had ever seen.  He did his best to imitate the same look in return, knowing that he had to foster both of those feelings in her to pull this off.
“Do you,” he asked, “I mean…did you…have similar feelings?”
“Yes, she said, “but I…had no idea that you felt that much.”
A small, grateful smile was added to his expression.
“Thank you,” he said.  “It means so much to me, just to know that.”
She leaned her head against him again and began to cry softly.
“How can one feel so happy, but so sad, in the same moment?” she asked.
He just held her tightly.  He could feel both of those emotions in her - something draining away, more and more, while an even deeper attachment to him was forming inside her.  It was the perfect combination.
“No,” he said, “this wasn’t just a casual affair.  We’ve grown so close, so quickly.  I wanted,” he began to cry softly, “…I wanted this to go so much further.  I wanted it to go on forever.”
“I’ve waited my whole life for this,” she said.  “And now that it’s here, it’s…leaving….”
“I’m so sorry….”
“My love for you…it’s suddenly building, even more, so quickly, so immensely.  It’s as if…years are being compressed....”
“Yes, yes, I know just what you mean.”
“Is this…, “she said, looking up at him, “...what you felt…when your fiancée…?”
“Yes, my love.  And I feel the same way with you now.”
She grew silent, pressing in against him.  After a few minutes she spoke.
“So,” she said, “All we can do is feel what we feel, in whatever moments we have left.”
“Yes,” he said.
She pressed against him more tightly, and he drew her in more closely.
“But,” she said, “there aren’t that many moments.  You said…that you only have weeks - only weeks for us to be…together?”
He began to cry softly.  She looked up and saw his eyes closed, and an expression of immense grief.  He opened his eyes and looked at her.
“It’s...,” he said, “…my illness isn’t destined to be like it was for my fiancée.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“With medication, her illness left her feeling reasonably comfortable, and completely lucid, right until the end.”
“And yours?”
“And mine…won’t be that way….”
She stroked his face tenderly.
“What,” she asked, “what do your doctors think will happen, as it…progresses?”
“That,” he said, “…that things will deteriorate…rapidly.”
“Oh, God….”
“I can already feel things coming on.  Yesterday I was only a little dizzy and disoriented at times.  But today I’ve been having…episodes of such intense symptoms.”
“It’s progressing that fast?”
“Yes.  They want me…to move into a hospice.”
“When?”
“Today.”
“So soon?”
“Yes.  I could start to lose capacities at any time.”
She began to cry again.
“Oh, God,” she said, “it’s so unfair….”
“This life,” he said, “this world, this realm - it’s all so unfair….”
“So, we just have to…be present, to whatever moments we have....”
“When Love is this deep, time isn’t measured in length.  It’s measured in its depths.”
“Yes.  Yes, you’re right.  I feel so much.  My love is growing.  It’s so immense….”
“These…bodies…were never meant to last.  That we get to know so much love, just in this very moment - it’s a blessing that few ever get to know.”
“Yes.  Yes, I believe that’s true….”
“All we can do is to follow that love…wherever it leads….”
She fell silent for a minute, as if something was slowly coming to mind.
“My God,” she finally said.
“What?” he asked innocently.
“All the things we’ve been talking about these last few weeks….”
“Which…things?” he asked.
“Following Love, wherever it leads….”
They sat quietly for a minute.  He could feel something shifting inside her.
“All of these ideas,” she said, “I’ve been playing with them, as if they were toys….”
Again, they fell silent.  Julian was hesitant to speak.  He wanted to see how far she would go on her own.  After several minutes of silence, he felt the need to try to move things along.  This was going to require so much more work than it had with Felicia….
“My body,” he said, “is failing.  It was never meant to last.  It’s a womb, and a womb only.  It’s given birth to my heart, and now as my body fails, my heart, my love, is growing, even more….”
“As is mine,” she said.  “But my body…isn’t failing.”
“But, as your love grows, does it still feel…constraint?”
She was silent, as if searching inside to answer.  After a moment she spoke.
“No,” she said.  “It feels…different…than it did before.”
“How so?” he asked.
“My love - it’s growing so much, but my body…it just feels so weak - as if…there’s so little of it left.”
He could feel what she meant.  Her body felt almost completely limp, as if most of its vital force was drifting away.
“So,” he said, “your love grows stronger, yet your body grows weak.”
“Yes,” she said.
“Just as it was meant to - your austerities - the Mortification of the Flesh….”
“Yes.  Perhaps….”
“Our bodies are growing weaker…together….”
“But…I had thought…that it would be a joyful process.  But all I feel is sadness.”
“No, you feel both.  Only your body, as it dies, feels sadness.  But feel your heart.  Feel the love that we have for each other.  Don’t you feel the love that I do?”
“Yes, but…the sadness….”
“The sadness is only from the body.  Now that you’ve reminded me of all this, I feel it so clearly.  The sadness, the grief that I’ve been feeling - it’s the body that grieves, and the body only.  My love is becoming more and more alive.  As you said, so much love being compressed into each moment….”
“Yes.  Yes, I feel that too, but…it’s so sad too….”
“No, that’s only the body - the womb, as it falls away.  Do you think that your love’s home is your body?  What was that line?  ‘If you love your body, go to the graveyard to see what you love’.”
“I don’t know!” she yelled as she started to cry.  “I was playing with all of this as if I was a child, in a dream!  But now it’s real!  I have no idea what to think!”
“Remember what we had known - that this isn’t something to be thought, but something to be felt?  Feel your heart; feel your love.  Can you still feel your love for me?”
“Yes. Yes, I can.  But it’s beginning to all feel…so weak….”
“No!  It’s not Love that’s growing weak - it’s the body.  Let your body grow weak, but please, for me, for us, focus on your heart - just feel Love, and Love alone.”
She pressed herself against him and grasped his shirt, pulling herself in even more tightly.
“Yes,” she said.  “I can feel it.  My love is still strong - stronger than ever.”
“And follow that love!” he said.  “Please, don’t let that die!”
“I won’t.  I’ll hold onto this with all I have.”
“Yes!  Please, I need that from you.  My love is growing stronger every moment too.  I need yours to do the same.  It’s…all I have.  It’s all I have in this world…and perhaps beyond it….”
“I’ll always feel it.  I’ll always be here, right with you.”
Julian could feel her riveting herself to him, while her body seemed to be deflating, as if all her strength was grasping onto her feeling of love, letting everything else fall away.  It was time to push that as far as he could.
“And I, too,” he said, “will always be here for you.”
“But,” she said, “you’re...going away....”
“No!  My Love, my Spirit, will never go away.  Only my body is leaving.”
“Do you think that…Love will continue somehow…after…?”
“After death?” he asked.
He took her head in his hands and looked gravely into her eyes.
“There’s only one way we’ll ever know,” he said.
She looked at him, confused.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
He looked at her, steadfastly.
“My love,” he said, “Suddenly it all makes sense…again….”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“What awaits me is horrible - the pain, the sickness, the delirium that will set in - and soon.  There’s only one course of action.”
“What?”
“Perhaps I could bear the physical agony that’s coming - but to live my remaining few weeks while losing my mind?  I can’t bear the thought of being alive and losing touch with the incredible love I have for you.  I can’t live that way!  I refuse!”
“But what…choice…?”
“Gwendolyn, I still have the power to end things on my own terms, while I can still function - and while I can still feel all that I do for you….”
She looked at him with horror.
“Are you,” she asked, “…do you mean…?”
“I mean,” he said, “that I refuse to surrender my love for you.  I want to feel it forever.  I’ll never give it up.  I’ll never let this horrid body take it away from me.”
“What…exactly…?”
“I’m going to take the only action that might allow our love to continue without ever being interrupted.”
“Are you talking about…?”
“I refuse to rot away, looking at you, and having no idea who you are.  I want to go now, while I can still feel the love that I do, before this…ghastly, mortal realm steals that away from me - from us.”
“You’re talking about…taking your own life?”
“No!!  I’m talking about saving my own life - saving my heart, saving my love, saving our love, before this rotting flesh robs us of it!”
Her face became overwhelmed with sadness.
“Gwendolyn,” he said, “I’ve known this once before, and I know it again now.  I’ll never let Love die again.”
She leaned her head against his shoulder.
“So,” she said, “I don’t even have…weeks to be with you.”
“No, my love,” he said.  “Even if I didn’t take this action, you wouldn’t.  You’d be at the bedside of a man who was out of his mind, who had no idea who you are.  Do you want to watch our love die that way?”
“No, that would be…unbearable….”
“It would be - for you.  For me, I would only be in agony and delirium, with no idea of what it was that I had lost.  But I’ll never let that happen.  I’ll never give you up.  We’re wedded.  I’ll never give that up.”
“Isn’t there anything…anything at all to give you more time?”
“Nothing, nothing at all - but what more time do we need?  How much more can we feel for each other than we do, right in this very moment?”
He could feel her bind herself to him even more tightly, as her body seemed to deflate even more.
“I can’t imagine,” she said, “ever feeling more love than this, ever feeling more…wedded to anyone, than this….”
“So,” he said, “your love is as deep as mine?”
“Yes….”
Julian sensed that it was now or never….
“So,” he said, “how far will you follow your love, our love…?”
“I’ve followed it as far as I can,” she said weakly.  “I don’t know how much farther I can follow it.”
“Feel your love!  Feel its strength!  Where does it lead you?”
She grew silent, holding onto him more tightly.  After a minute her body collapsed into him.  When she finally spoke, she seemed as if she was floating off, into another realm.
“My love has only known one home in this world,” she said.  “Everywhere else, all it ever found was rejection.”
She took a deep breath, and then all her weight fell against him.
“My love has only found one home in this world,” she said.  “Its home is with you….”
He pulled her in closely.
“And,” he said, “I’ve wanted you to be in that home - forever….”
She pressed her head against him as she began to cry.
“This isn’t fair!” she said.  “You had weeks to process this with your fiancée!”
“Sometimes our innocence is lost slowly,” he said, “but sometimes Life can steal it abruptly.”
“And mine has been stolen abruptly!  I don’t know what to think….”
“Again, this isn’t something to be thought.  It’s only something you can discern by feeling.”
“My feelings are so confused.  I feel so sad.  But I feel so much love for you - more than ever; more than I ever could have imagined.”
“And I feel exactly the same for you.”
“But I’m terrified!  This is all so sudden!”
“I’m so sorry, my love.  I wish it were otherwise.”
She looked up and gently stroked his face.
“No, my love,” she said.  “Don’t apologize.  Please don’t feel any guilt.”
“But I’ve put you in a terrible position.  You’re right - one should have…weeks to absorb this all - to digest it, and to feel what’s right.”
“But it’s not your fault that I don’t.  I just…need to…digest…and….”
She trailed off, and simply leaned in against him.
“Please,” she said, “just let me…take this all in…and try to digest….”
She fell silent again.  Julian wanted so much to add words to her digestion, but realized that for the moment, he had said all that he could.  He would have to wait for her to speak next.
After several minutes, she inhaled deeply.  When she exhaled, it felt as though all the life in her followed her breath on its way out, and she slumped against him.
“I could never live in this world as a ghost,” she said, weakly, “and without you, that’s exactly what I would be.  I can only follow my heart.  I can only follow Love….”
She looked up at him, sadly.
“I can only follow Love,” she said, “moment by moment.  And in this moment, my love can only follow you.”
He looked at her with immense hope.  Tears welled up in his eyes.  She continued.
“I could follow my body’s desires…to keep on existing,” she said, “but we know that those desires will always lead to the grave.  Or I can follow Love, even if I can’t be certain where it leads.”
“The only certainty is that wherever it leads,” he said, “I’ll be with you.”
“This is the only true love I’ve ever known,” she said.  “How could I abandon this?  How could I abandon you?  It would be what everyone has always done to me….”
She laid her head against his shoulder.
“No,” she said, “Love demands that I not do that to you.  You’ve given me so much.  How could I just let you leave this world, alone?”
She gently stroked his chest.
“And how could I continue to live with myself,” she said, “knowing that I hadn’t followed my heart….”
She fell silent for a moment.
“But,” she said, “a decision this grave….”
She looked up at him.
“As you once did,” she said, “I feel the need to ask for someone’s blessing….”
He looked at her with the greatest expression of love that he could muster.
“Whatever you decide,” he said, “will be perfect.”
She laid her head against him again.
“Yes,” she said, “your fiancée’s words.  She did possess wisdom beyond ours….”
“If we listen to our own hearts,” he said, “we both possess the very same wisdom.”
She fell silent as she pressed into him more tightly.  After a minute she spoke.
“You’re right,” she said.  “My heart does know.  It’s not even me that chooses.  Love chooses.  It has a life of its own.  And it belongs with you; it can only follow you, wherever you go....”
Her body grew more limp against him.
“It’s not even a choice,” she said, a little dreamily.  “Coming with you - it’s simply my heart, following Love….”
When she looked up at him, her expression was changing from one of sadness to one that was…becoming seriously rapturous.  Julian mimicked her, returning the same expression.  They simply gazed into each other’s eyes, in silence, as he caressed her hair.  Gwendolyn seemed to be drifting off, into another dimension, almost ecstatically.  Julian just allowed her to do so, and to linger there for a little while.  But he realized that he needed to do something, fast, while her resolve was there - to bring the matter to its end before she came to her senses.
“Gwendolyn,” he said, “I’m beginning to feel…very strange….”
“How so?” she asked.
“Very dizzy, and my vision…everything is starting to look…distorted….”
“My poor baby….”
“I think…I think we need to get on with this…before I lose the ability….”
She stroked his cheek gently, with her rapturous smile building.
“Yes,” she said.  “We do.”
He smiled at her, gratefully, lovingly.
“How…,” she said.  “How were you…thinking of doing this?”
He mulled over the objects in his trunk.  The .22 seemed most effective.
“I think that…what I had attempted once before, but failed,” he said.  “A single shot to the head.  It’s quick, painless, and certain.”
“No,” she said.  “That’s not true.  The shot has to be perfect, or one doesn’t succeed, and is left in a horrible state.”
“What do you mean?”
“I told you that I…had attempted suicide once before.”
“Had you…tried to shoot yourself?” he asked, looking at her head, thinking that she must be one terrible shot....
“No,” she said.  “I could never do anything so violent.  I had taken barbiturates, but I was unable to keep from vomiting.  After several tries, I ran out of them, and before I could obtain more, the mood passed.  But the next time I felt the desire to…end my life, I researched methods carefully, to look for one that was certain.  If I was going to do it, I wanted to be sure that I’d never fall short again.  One thing I learned is that gunshots are very uncertain.”
Julian thought about the other objects he had brought.  None seemed very…elegant.  He thought it might be wise to inquire.
“So,” he asked, “what did your research come up with?”
“A poison,” she said.
“Can we…obtain it?”
“When I wanted to…end my life the last time, after my research discovered it, I obtained it.  And I still have it.”
“You have a poison?  Here?”
“Yes.  When my mood lifted and I changed my mind, I had meant to dispose of it but never got around to it.  It’s extremely potent.  It’s not something you can just pour down the drain.  I’d have killed thousands of innocent fish….”
“What kind of poison is it?”
“It comes from a rare insect in the Amazon.”
“How does it work?”
“It’s completely painless.  It paralyzes the large muscles at first.  One simply becomes numb yet remains alert for a while.  Eventually a coma sets in, and then the heart simply stops.”
“How did you learn about this?”
“I was online, in a support group for people contemplating suicide.  There was a gentleman who would come on at times who offered rare poisons for sale.”
“In a support group for people contemplating suicide?”
“Yes.”
“Isn’t that a bit…malevolent?”
She stroked his cheek lovingly.
“It’s a dark world we’re leaving…,” she said.
Julian thought quickly.  It made more sense than anything in his trunk.
“And it’s completely certain?” he asked.
“Completely,” she said.  “We’ll feel no pain at all.  But as I learned after my barbiturate attempt, if one is to ingest something lethal, it requires preparation.”
“Such as?”
“One needs to take a strong antihistamine.  It helps to prevent vomiting.”
“Do you have any?”
“I always do - I have terrible allergies that kick up at times.”
“Is that…all?”
“No, with this particular poison, one has to mix it with a very bitter ale of some sort.  It has a noxious flavor, and the ale disguises the taste, and prevents retching.”
“Do we have a bitter ale here?”
“No, but I think they sell one at the corner store.  I can go check.  If not, we’ll have to pick one up elsewhere.”
“Shall we…do this here?” he asked.
She thought for a moment, and as she did, her dreamy state seemed to be growing even dreamier.
“You know,” she said, “I’ve always hoped that when it was my time to pass on, it would happen while I was out in nature….”
She thought a little more.
“I know a lovely spot we could go to,” she said.  “It’s in the woods, a few miles from here, away from the trails.  I often go there to be completely alone and practice my yoga.  I’ve never seen another soul in all the times I’ve been there.  I would love for that spot to be our point of departure.  Do you think that would be alright?”
Julian couldn’t see any objections.  It was much better than inside her home, with his car in her driveway and his fingerprints everywhere.
“I think it would be wonderful,” he said.  “I would love for us to move on together in a place that’s dear to you.”
“It’s a beautiful spot,” she said.  “It’s a short drive, and then just a little hike.  Do you have the strength to make it?”
“Yes, I think I do.  So…how do we proceed?”
“We should probably take the anti-histamine now, so it has time to take effect.”
“All right.”
She walked into her bathroom and returned with a bottle.
“A double dose would be best, just to be sure,” she said.  “It might make us drowsy, but that shouldn’t matter.”
They each drank two capfuls.
“Are there any other preparations?” he asked.
She thought for a moment.
“We just need some glasses to mix it in once we’re there,” she said.  “And a bottle opener - I think I have one here.”
“Is that all?
“Yes, except for the ale.  I’ll go to the store and see if they have it.”
“All right.”
“Will you be okay here, by yourself?”
“Yes, I’ll be fine, I hope….”
She stroked his cheek tenderly.
“I’ll be quick,” she said.
“Thank you,” he said.
She left, and Julian was alone with all the photographs of her niece.  He glanced at them from time to time, to help sharpen his determination.
Gwendolyn returned shortly, carrying a little paper sack.
“Yes, they had the ale,” she said.  “Give me just another minute.”
She headed into her kitchen, where Julian could hear her rummaging around.  She emerged a few minutes later, carrying a small backpack.
“I have everything we need,” she said, with her dreamy smile.
Julian appeared to hesitate, but then stood up and said, “All right.”
They walked outside and stopped for a moment, looking at their cars.
“Whose car should we take?” she asked.
Julian hated the idea of a long walk back.
“Any objections if we take mine?” he asked.
She looked at his car.
“Actually.” she said.  “I think it would be wonderful for my final ride to be in a Bentley.”
They climbed into Julian’s car, and set off for the woods.
 

Chapter 47

After driving into a remote area, Gwendolyn pointed out a spot for Julian to park the car.  They got out, and he followed as she led him into the brush.  They spent twenty minutes climbing through shrubbery, with Julian adding more fatigue to his lack of sleep, feeling increasingly sedated from the anti-histamine, and getting dozens of scratches from the bushes.  Finally, they arrived at a small open patch, where Gwendolyn stopped and looked around, as if still in a dream.
“Isn’t it beautiful here?” she said.
Julian looked around.  He wasn’t particularly a fan of nature.
“Yes,” he said.  “And you say you’ve been here before?”
“Many times,” she said.
“How did you find it?  I didn’t sense any kind of trail.”
“You have to know what you’re looking for.  As I said, it’s my own secret spot.”
She set her backpack down and gave him a long, loving hug.
“How are you feeling?” she asked.  “Did the walk tire you out?”
“No,” he said.  “I feel fine.  And you?”
“I feel fine - more than fine.  I’ve just been letting my heart follow Love.  I feel almost...radiant....”
“Yes,” he said.  “I feel the same.”
They held each other for a minute, and then Julian gently released her.
“I’m afraid,” he said, “that we should probably get on with this.  I can feel more…odd symptoms setting in.”
“Of course,” she said.  “I understand.”
She knelt, unzipped her backpack, and then pulled out a small towel, which she unrolled.  Inside it were two glasses and a little brown vial.  Then she pulled out the paper bag which she had brought from her corner store and placed that on the ground.  Then she brought out a notebook.
“What’s the notebook for?” asked Julian.
“For our parting notes,” she said.  “I already know what I want to write.”
She walked around behind him, set her backpack on the ground against a large bush, and then returned with a pen.  She wrote a few words, tore out the page, and handed it to him.  He read it aloud.
“I followed Love, to its End,” he read, and then smiled as he looked up at her.  “I couldn’t possibly improve upon that.”
She handed him the notebook and pen.  He wrote the same words, tore the page out, and showed it to her.
“I told you,” he said.  “You’ve spoken for us both.”
They set their notes on the ground.  Gwendolyn knelt in front of the items that she had produced from her backpack.  She was about to begin the preparation, when she suddenly stopped and looked up at him.
“Your redemption!” she said.
“What?” he asked.
“For when you failed the first time,” she said, “with your fiancée!  It’s a second chance, to complete it with your own hands!”
“Oh,” he said, “yes.”
“You should do this!” she said.  “You should be the one to mix the potions!”
“Of course; you’re right….”
He knelt next to her.
“That’s so kind of you to remember,” he said.
He looked over the items before him.  In his haste and his grogginess and his overwhelming motivation, he really hadn’t planned this out very well.  How could he get her to drink her potion alone?  This was a pact.  She was at his side and would watch him mix them.  She would expect them to drink it simultaneously, the romantic fool.  If she saw him hesitate or renege, she would realize that something wasn’t right, and either not drink hers or cause herself to vomit.  The game would be up.  He needed to stall for time, and to think….
“So,” he said, “this is all that we need to…do…what we’re doing….”
"Yes," she said.  "It’s all here.”
“This little vial - it has everything we need.”
“It has far more than we need.”
He picked up the vial and examined it closely.
“It’s that potent, is it?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said.  “The natives dip their blow darts in it to bring down large game, or in times of hostility, each other.”
He continued to study it carefully, still trying to come up with a plan.
“Amazing,” he said.
After a minute, he knew that he had to proceed, and just come up with something on the fly.
“So,” he asked, “how do I do this?”
“It’s very simple,” she said.  “The bottle of ale is inside the bag, and a bottle opener as well.  Pour about an inch of it into each glass.  Then take the vial; it has a dropper attached to the cap.  How much do you weigh?”
“Um, I weigh about one-eighty.”
“Okay,” she said. “Let me think….  It requires one drop for every thirty pounds.  I weigh one-twenty.  I need exactly four drops in mine.  No more, and no less.  This is crucial.  Any more would cause me to vomit, and any less wouldn’t do the job.  You’ll need exactly six drops in yours, and again, no more, and no less.”
“So,” he said, “four drops for you, and six for me.”
“Exactly four for me,” she said, “and exactly six for you.”
“All right.”
He set the vial back down and took the bottle of ale from the bag.  He looked at it closely, again stalling as he tried to come up with a strategy.
“I’ve never tried this one before,” he said.  “Does it have a nice flavor?”
“I don’t know,” she said.  “I was just told that it’s extremely bitter.”
“Well, yes, the good ones often are….”
He was still without a plan but knew that he just had to get on with it.  He took the bottle opener from the bag and opened the ale.
“So,” he said, “about an inch?”
“Yes,” she said as she watched him.
He poured an inch into each glass, and then set the bottle down.  He picked up the vial and studied it again.  
“So,” he said, “four drops for you.”
“Yes,” she said, “four, exactly.”
“And six for me.”
“Exactly six.”
He unscrewed the cap, being very careful not to let any of the poison drip onto his hand.  His scattered mind was still a blank.
“They use this on blow darts, do they?” he asked.
“Yes, my love,” she said.
“So very clever….”
Just then, Gwendolyn began to sniffle.
“My allergies are kicking up,” she said.
“Oh?” he said.
“Yes.  I need to get a handkerchief out of my backpack.”  
She stood up and walked over to her backpack, which was still lying on the ground against the bush, several yards behind them.  With her back to Julian, she began to rummage through it.  Suddenly, he had his chance.
He quickly put four drops of the poison into one glass, and then turned his head to watch her.  She was standing, facing away from him, blowing her nose.  While keeping his eyes on her, he screwed the cap back on the vial and set it down.  Then he turned back and carefully picked up the poisoned glass in his right hand, and the harmless one in his left.  He stood up, holding both, thinking, left, left, left, left….
She turned and walked back to him, blowing her nose again, and saw that he was holding the glasses.
“You’ve already mixed them?” she asked.
“Yes, my love,” he said.  “My hands were steady this time.”
“You put four drops in mine?”
“Exactly four.”
“And six drops in yours?”
“Exactly six.”
She smiled at him.
“I’m so proud of you,” she said.
He smiled back gratefully.
“Thank you,” he said.  “But it was you who made it possible.  It was your love, and your courage, that finally helped me find my own.”
He held his right hand out towards her.
“Set them down for a moment,” she said.  “I’d like one last hug before we do.”
Julian thought for a second.
“All right,” he said.
He set them carefully on the ground.
Left, he thought.  Left one is mine.  Left, left, left….
He stood up and they hugged each other for a minute, her head against his chest.  Finally, she looked up and gazed dreamily into his eyes.
“Are we ready?” she asked.
“We are,” he said.
“Oh,” she said.  “I almost forgot.  There’s one last step.”
“What’s that?”
“We each need to take a large drink of water first.  It clears the esophagus.  Otherwise, it might not go down smoothly.”
“Do we have any water?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said as she blew her nose again.  “There’s a bottle in my backpack.  Would you be a dear and get it?  That bush has something that’s making my nose run terribly.”
“Oh, of course.”
He quickly retrieved the water and opened it.  He took a large swig and handed her the bottle.  She did the same, and then set the bottle on the ground.
“Now,” he asked, “are we ready?”
“Yes,” she said.
He knelt and picked up the glasses.  Left, left, left, he thought, as his picked up the harmless one in his left hand, and the deadly one in his right.  Left one is mine.  Left, left, left….
He stood up and held the glass in his right hand toward her.  She accepted it and looked down at the liquid.
“This is the one with four drops?” she asked.
“Yes, my love,” he said.  “And six drops in mine.”
She looked up at him.
“We need a toast,” she smiled.
“Yes,” he said.
“Would you do the honors?”
He thought for a moment.
“To Love,” he said, “as we never could have imagined it.”
She took a deep breath as she absorbed his words, closing her eyes for a moment, and then opening them.
“Yes,” she smiled, “as we never could have imagined it.”
They gazed lovingly at each other.
“We need to take it all in one quick gulp,” she said.  “If we drink it slowly, it could cause us to retch.  It must all go down at once.”
“All right,” he said.
“You’re ready?”
“More than ready….”
“Then, together, at the count of three - one, two…three.”
They both gulped down their brew.
Very tasty, Julian thought.  I must remember this brand….
They set their glasses down.
“Now,” he said.  “What shall we do?”
She thought for a moment.
“I think,” she said, “that we should just sit on the ground and face each other as we wait - a time for an eloquent silence.”
Julian was happy to do whatever she wanted.  She was a wonderful woman after all, and he wanted her last moments to be as happy as they could be.
“Have you ever practiced yoga?” she asked.
“No,” he replied.
“Well, let me show you a perfect pose for the occasion.”
She sat down into a full lotus, with her legs crossed, each foot sitting happily on its opposite thigh.  Julian sat down in front of her and tried to imitate it, but had trouble getting even one foot up.
“I’m afraid,” he said, “that I don’t have your flexibility.”
“Let me help you,” she said as she stood up and bent over him.  Together they managed to contort him into a half-lotus, the best they could do.  She sat in front of him and resumed her full lotus with her knees pressed against his, and they resumed their enamored gaze.
Julian’s legs were horribly uncomfortable, but he wanted to go along with her, knowing he would only have to keep this up for a short time. The ground was rocky and uneven - he was used to much plusher surfaces.  He could feel his right foot beginning to tingle, but he maintained their enraptured look.
After several minutes Gwendolyn’s smile grew.
“My legs are completely numb,” she said, “and I can’t move them at all.  It’s already taking effect.”  
Julian’s legs weren’t numb, just tingling and falling asleep a little, but he knew it was from the ridiculous posture in which he was sitting.
“Mine as well,” he lied.  “Completely numb….”
“The poison works on the lower body first,” she said, “and then on the upper torso.  But already my arms are beginning to feel numb.  How about yours?”
“Yes,” he lied again.  “Mine too.”
His arms felt fine, but his legs were killing him.  He didn’t know how much longer he could hold out before untangling them and getting the circulation back, but he decided to give it another minute or so.
“It’s the most glorious feeling,” she said.  “The less I can feel my body, the more I can feel my love, and it keeps growing and growing.”
“Yes,” he said.  “I feel the same.”
“And as I follow it, I’m becoming pure Spirit, pure Love - no more constraint.”
“Such a glorious feeling…,” he said.
Julian couldn’t stand it any longer.  Using his arms, he tried to pull his foot off his thigh but was unable to.
“I’m sorry,” he said.  “My legs are more…uncomfortable than they are numb.  I need to reposition a bit.”
“That’s fine,” she said, “no need for discomfort.”
He struggled but still couldn’t unlock them.
“Can’t you untangle your legs?” she asked.
“No,” he said, still working on them.
“Not at all?”
“No,” he laughed.
“Well, no need to worry,” she said.  “The discomfort will soon pass.”
“Yes, of course,” he said, still struggling.
“The poison is working perfectly!  Now I can’t move my arms and they’re completely numb.  We won’t feel a bit of pain!”
“No, we won’t....”
He tried to pry his foot off his opposite thigh, but his legs were simply too inflexible to lift his foot enough to get it off.  He was stuck in this position, and he could feel his legs tingling more, and falling further asleep.  He kept at it but was getting nowhere.
“You can’t move your legs?” Gwendolyn asked.
“No,” Julian replied.  “It’s just locked in place.”
“Well, just let them be,” she said.  “They’ll be numb any moment....”
“I’m sure you’re right,” he said as he continued trying to free his foot, “but it would be nice to just...get them untangled....”
He continued to struggle, but simply couldn’t pry them apart.
“So,” she said, “you can’t move them at all?”
“No,” he said.
“I guess I shouldn’t have put you in that half-lotus.  Perhaps that was a bit too much.”
“That would seem to be the case....”
“But again, don’t let it worry you.  I can’t feel my body at all, or move it at all anymore.  It’s just taking a little longer for the poison to do the same for you.”
“I suppose you’re right....”
“Just relax, and let it take effect.”
“Yes,” he said as he kept trying to free his foot.  “Just...nice if I could stretch out my legs in the meantime....”
“But you can’t move them at all?”
“I can’t seem to....”
“Are they numb yet?”
They were somewhat numb, but mostly tingling all over with his circulation cut off.  He tried to somehow slide his foot over his knee.
“Well, yes,” he laughed.  “They’re definitely starting to be....”
“Well, no need to keep struggling with them,” she said.
“Well, just for now...get them free....”
“Really, just let them be.  You can’t move them because the poison is working exactly as it should....”
“Yes, I’m sure you’re right….”
“There’s no way you’ll be able to unlock them now, and in a minute, they’ll be completely numb....”
“Yes....”
“They’ll never bother you again....”
“Yes, of course you’re right....”
Julian worked a bit more to try to free up his legs, but then paused for a moment, and glanced up at Gwendolyn.  She gazed adoringly at him, and he did the same at her.  Then he watched as she gracefully stood up, stretching her arms out, arching her back, and closing her eyes as she took in a deep breath.  She let her breath out slowly, opened her eyes, looked down at him, and smiled.
Julian stared at her, blankly for a moment.  What was going on?
He watched as she turned and walked back to retrieve the bottle of water.  She opened it, took a sip, and then walked back over to him.  She sat down a few feet in front of him, observing him, and smiling.
His mind started racing.  What had happened?
He tried to unlock his legs again, but realized that they were now completely numb, and paralyzed.  Had he somehow mixed up the glasses??  He tried to stick his finger down his throat, but his arms were now seizing up as well, and he could barely raise them.  Instead he just tried to retch.
“It’s no use,” she said.  “It’s too late.”
He looked around frantically, and tried to scream for help, but his vocal chords were tightening, and his scream was no louder than his normal voice.
“That won’t help either,” she said.  “I’m sure there’s no one within a mile.”
He looked at her helplessly.  Nothing made sense.
“No,” he said, “this can’t be….”
“Ah,” she said.  “Denial, the first stage of grief….”
“Please,” he said.  “Help me.”
“What can I do?”
“Make me vomit.”
“Too late.”
“Ambulance….911….”
“They wouldn’t have an antidote.”
He began to panic.
“Please,” he said, “help me.  Do something.  I’ve…I’ve decided I don’t want to die this way.  I want to just pass away from my tumor.  I’m not ready to go just yet.  Please…I’ll do anything….”
“Wait,” she said, “that’s bargaining.  That’s the third stage.  Anger is the second stage.  Don’t you feel any anger?”
Terror trumps anger.  Julian looked up at her, terrified.
“No,” he said.
She studied him for a moment, thinking….
“Well,” she said.  “Then perhaps we can bargain.”
She pulled a second little vial out of her pocket, held it up, and smiled.
“Antidote,” she said.
Julian’s eyes widened, and he looked at her hopefully.
“Please,” he said.
She set it on the ground, and then looked up at him.
“I haven’t decided yet,” she said.
“Please!” he said.  “I need it!  I need it now!”
“We have a little time,” she smiled.  “I choose this poison very carefully.  It’s extremely slow acting.  It turns out that its slow action actually serves a purpose in nature.  It’s quite fascinating, really.  When one of the Amazonian insects stings its victim, it only paralyzes the large muscles at first, immobilizing it.  The insect colony can then begin to feast - eating their way through the muscles, and then onto the live, functioning organs, which, it turns out, carry a greater nutritional value if still alive.  The victim is fully alert, but its large muscles are completely numb, so it doesn’t feel a thing, at least while the insects are simply feasting on muscle.  But once they get to the organs, my God, the pain must be horrendous….”
“Please,” Julian begged, “help me!!”
“It’s always about you, isn’t it?” Gwendolyn glared.  “You don’t concern yourself much with the feelings of others, do you?”
“Please…”
“Has it never occurred to you,” she asked, “that other people have feelings?   That other people have lives, and needs - desires, passions, stories to tell?”
“Umm…,” he said, searching for words that might help.
“Well, they do, Julian.  You’re sitting here with one of them.  And she certainly has one heck a story to tell.”
His eyes were darting between her eyes and the vial.
“Aren’t you interested in her story?” she asked, smiling.
“Yes!” he said, willing to say whatever she wanted to hear.
“It’s a remarkable tale,” she said.  “I’ve been dying to tell someone, and you’re the only person I’ll ever be able to tell.”
She took another sip of water as Julian tried desperately to gather his thoughts – to figure out what had happened, and what kind of madness he was dealing with in Gwendolyn – and what he might possibly do to get the antidote.
 “These last few weeks have been a complete transformation for me,” she said, “and I suppose I actually have you to thank for it.”
A smile of hope crossed Julian’s face.
“Not,” she said++, “that that will earn you any points.”
His smile of hope vanished but was replaced by a larger smile that showed his overwhelming desire to do whatever he could to please her.
“Please,” he said.  “Tell me all about it.  I really want to hear.” 
She laughed.
“Then I shall tell,” she said.
She took a sip of water, and then began.
 “You had me going, my love,” she said.  “You truly did.  Experience has taught me to be suspicious when it comes to men, but you had disarmed me completely.  All that kindness that you had shown me, and your attentiveness….  After our first few dates, I was yours.  I couldn’t help myself.  I had never been treated so wonderfully in my life.  Already, I was more in love than I’d ever dreamt possible.
“But that first evening in your home, when you had to run off to help Milo with his imaginary prowler, I’m afraid that things all changed that night.  I told you about my discovery of the Marquis de Sade, but I didn’t tell you the rest.”
“The rest?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said, “the rest.  When you didn’t return after twenty minutes or so, I began to grow worried for you, and I was still feeling some anxiety after seeing your taste in literature.  So, to help dissipate it, I began to take a larger tour of your home - nothing unusual, until I wandered into the room with the moose.  It frightened the heck out of me!  I thought it was an actual moose.  It took a few seconds before I realized that it was stuffed.   As I was exploring the room, I noticed your computer and was admiring your screen saver when I accidentally touched the keyboard, and immediately found myself in your email inbox.  Your computer was still on apparently - just hibernating for the moment.  I started to turn away, but my anxiety overcame my sense of propriety, so I found myself sitting down and reading.”
“My…email…?” he asked, suppressing a grimace.
“Yes, my love, your email.  The first item that caught my eye was from Milo, because the subject line was thirty exclamation points.  I opened it up and found that it had three photographs:  two beautiful women, elegantly-minked, but otherwise naked, standing in front of the Kremlin - four lovely Indian girls demonstrating their knowledge of the Kama Sutra - and two Japanese women in fetish attire.
“I was shocked.  My only thought was, here I am, falling for this wonderful, gentle man, and he has a sickness - a craving for pornography.  I felt badly for myself, but I felt even worse for you.  What it must be like, having to hide your illness from the world - the shame, the guilt you must feel!”
“But Gwendolyn,” he said, ‘it’s not me.  Those were from my poor friend Milo - he’s a very…disturbed man….”
“Yes,” she said, “you mentioned that he suffers from a mental illness.”
“And it manifests in the oddest ways.”
“May I go on?  I’d really like for you to understand what I was feeling as I was discovering this.”
“Yes!  Please do!”
She did.
“But now my anxiety was in full bloom,” she said.  “I returned to your inbox and saw a notice from our dating website.  I opened it and found myself inside your mailbox there.  I looked through your most recent correspondence and noticed that there were some letters exchanged between you and two other women, Felicia and Priscilla.  I simply read one letter from each of them, and my heart was crushed.  The letters were so graphic:  from Felicia in her declarations of your tremendous mutual love, and from Priscilla, a filth-ridden ramble about things that you and she had done, as well as long, detailed descriptions of other things that she had in mind.”
Ah, Julian thought, jealousy – that’s what’s up.  I think I can undo that….
“But Gwendolyn,” he said, “those were old letters.  I had stopped seeing them before I met you.”
A look of surprise came over her face.
“Oh,” she said.  “You had?
“Yes!” he said.  “I had only met with Felicia a few times, and then…stopped seeing her.”
“Oh?”
“Yes!  She was completely out of my life!”
“Really?  She was completely out of your life?”
“Yes!   Completely!  …And Priscilla - I apologize for her…ramblings.  I had only met her one time, briefly, and could tell that she was a very troubled woman.  Nothing she wrote ever happened - it was all in her imagination - but she kept on emailing me….”
“Is this so?”
“Yes!  A very unstable woman….”
She nodded.
“May I continue with my story?” she asked.  “I really want you to understand what I was going through at the time….”
“Yes!” he said eagerly, desperate to please her.  “Please do.”
“I exited the dating site,” she said, “too crushed to read any more from them.  I was back in your email inbox, distraught, but wanting to find out more.  I opened another email from Milo, this one with a photo of three stunning women, South American, I believe.  But this time Milo had also written a note, which I can quote verbatim; I have a photographic memory, you see.  It read, ‘Penelope strikes again!   I fancy the innocent-looking one on the right; I presume you’d prefer the other two.  They’re only in town for a week!  Let’s book them for tonight!!’”
“Gwendolyn,” Julian said, “Milo is a very sick man.  He does have an unhealthy craving for pornography.  And he has delusions that he actually has…relationships with these women in his photographs…and that…I’m somehow involved as well.  I’m seeing to it that he gets the very best care, and his doctors have advised me to go along with his fantasies, for now…to humor him - to spare him from feeling the full extent of his illness, until they can make some progress with him….”
Gwendolyn’s expression turned to one of genuine concern.
“Is he really that disturbed?” she asked.
“Yes,” Julian said.  “I feel terrible for the poor man.  He’s actually a very gentle soul...."
“Well I hope his treatments help him with his condition.”
“We’re all doing the best we can for him.”
“That’s very kind of you.  May I go on?”
“Please!  I do hope we can clear up these misunderstandings!”
“Well, yes, I’d hate for there to be any misunderstandings….”
“Yes, tell me more.  So much misunderstanding here….”
“After reading that letter from Milo,” she said, “I just felt sick.  You were no different than the rest, I thought.  Worse even - a two-timer, no a three-timer, and a whoremonger to boot.  I wanted to turn away and flee, but I simply couldn’t find the strength.  I thought of how awful it would be to have you return and find me sitting there prying through your computer, but I couldn’t move.  I had no idea how you might react.  You could beg for my forgiveness, or fly into a rage, or maybe you’d just pull out a gun and shoot me.  I almost hoped for that - it would have been the most merciful thing to do.
“So, I just found myself planted in front of your computer, with my entire emotional history suddenly distilled into this one climactic moment of disillusionment and pain.  All I could do was let it crash in upon me.  It was just the beginning of a descent that I’ve been through so many times before.  But I knew this one was going to be the worst.  You had taken me higher than anyone ever had before, and now what I was reading had pushed me right to the edge of the abyss and was nudging me forward.
“And so, I sat, as if strapped into a roller coaster car as it was slowly being pulled up to its apex, knowing that the plunge afterward could literally be the death of me.  I simply awaited my emotional fate, certain that I would be cast into the deepest, darkest pit that I had ever known.”
She took a sip of water, and then continued.
 “But then the most amazing thing occurred,” she said.  “Right as I felt myself at the very top, the car simply stopped.  At first, I thought it was just a moment’s pause, as if the gods were winding up in order to hurl me down with all the strength that they could summon.  But I didn’t move.  Seconds passed, then minutes.  The car had come to a halt, just as it was poised on the summit.  I just sat there, atop the world, taking in the view all around me.  Ahead of me, I could see the abyss, the one that I’ve known so well, but suddenly, there was nothing propelling me forward.
“It was the oddest of feelings; I had no idea what to make of it.  I simply sat, and as I did, the landscape around me slowly began to change.  The abyss still lay before me, but to both of my sides, and to my rear, it seemed as though solid ground was beginning to form.  I just watched this happen.  Before long, the process seemed to be completed, and I carefully stepped out, and onto it.
“It felt as sturdy as it appeared.  I tested it, stomping it lightly with my foot, and then harder, and harder.  It was like rock.  I could still see the abyss before me, but as far as I could see in every other direction, this new, rigid landscape extended.  I didn’t have a clue what was happening, but then gradually I began to realize that I was standing on a solid plateau of utter indifference.
“I thought about all of the men who had ever discarded me, or deceived me, and none of you mattered anymore.  I didn’t care.  I just found all of you to be pathetic.  I looked back at the old Gwendolyn, buried under her comforter, crying her eyes out, and just stroked her hair, saying, ‘Goodbye, my love.  Was it really worth all that?’
“I began to walk around the room, as though trying out my legs.  Over the next few minutes, a sense of total confidence in my new emotional landscape began to set in.  I felt perplexed, but also strong, confident, giddy, almost elated.  I took one more look over the edge and into the abyss, and instantly knew that I would never need to go there again.  This, my greatest heartbreak, had finally been my cure.  I had no idea what might come next.  I would just have to wait and see….
“I didn’t have to wait for long.  As soon as I remembered where I was, and what I was doing, I thought of you, and I suddenly felt the most vivid sense of hatred that I had ever known.  Every ounce of pain that I had ever suffered at the hands of men suddenly reversed poles. Instead of the hurt and blame turning inward, it all became rage, and turned outward, and all of it became focused on you.  And how you deserved every bit of it!  You sweet, lying, three-timing bastard!”
Julian kept his sympathetic, attentive look, while struggling to keep his eyes from darting to the vial of antidote, and thinking, quickly.  So, a woman scorned…Hell hath no fury…therein lay her madness.  But now, how to mollify her?
“Well,” Julian said, “I can certainly understand your feelings at that point, given the…misconceptions that those emails must have given you.  But…so much misunderstanding here - where to begin…?”
“Well,” she said, “wherever you’d like, I suppose.”
“As I said, I was no longer seeing Felicia or Priscilla.  When you and I met, there was only you.”
“Is this really true?”
“Yes!  Yes, they were completely out of my life when I had first met you.”
“They were?”
“Yes!  Completely!  And those emails from Milo - I don’t even bother to look at the photographs; I have no interest in viewing such things.  I’m just trying to be there as a friend, so that he doesn’t feel alone in his tragic state.”
Gwendolyn nodded.
“May I continue?” she asked.
“Yes, please!” he smiled.  “I do hope we can clear the air.  I only wish that you had brought these things up at the time.  We could have nipped this right in the bud.”
She continued.  
“I knew that you were due home at any moment,” she said, “and I sorted through ideas of how I was going to confront you.  But as I did, I imagined that screaming a few choice words would mean nothing to you, that they would simply roll right off you, and never give you a moment’s pause.  No, you deserved more punishment than that, I thought.  What that might be, and how I could deliver it, I had no idea.  But I knew that I was going to make you pay.”
 “Well, certainly,” he said, “if any of the impressions you had at that moment were true, I could completely understand your anger.”
“Well, thank you,” she said.  “I’m glad that you understand.”
“Of course! Who wouldn’t feel that way given those misunderstandings?”
“I was quite enraged.”
“As anyone would be.”
“May I continue?”
“Yes, please!”
“For the moment,” she said, “I decided to just go along with things, be on my best behavior, continue with our date, and take my time thinking up my revenge.
“I was about to head back downstairs, but another thought occurred to me.  There were other women who you were seeing, who probably had no idea that they were dealing with a cad.  They needed to be informed.  I quickly went back into your dating site mailbox to see who you were corresponding with.  It was quite odd.  There were so many letters from women who were initiating contact with you, but none of them had ever been sent a reply.  It was only Felicia and Priscilla who you were writing with - and you had been the one to initiate contact with them.  I imagined that they must have been incredibly alluring women to have caught your eye, and caused you to ignore all the others, but I didn’t have time to pull up their profiles.  I just quickly found Felicia’s and Priscilla’s phone numbers in their letters to you, and then reset the computer back to your regular email inbox.  Then I hurried back down to the living room and made it just in time for your return.  We had our dinner date, although, I was terribly preoccupied that evening.
“On my lunch hour the next day, I tried to call them.  I made the first call to Felicia, but her number was no longer in service.  Then I called Priscilla, who I had almost decided to skip, thinking that anyone who would write letters with that kind of salacious smut probably deserved you.  But, no, even she deserved to know the truth.  I was even more surprised when I found that her number, too, was disconnected.
“This was indeed odd, as their correspondence with you had been so recent.  I decided to investigate further.  I checked our reverse telephone directory at the library, and quickly had their last names, and addresses.
“I took the rest of the day off work and set out to meet them.  I arrived at Felicia’s apartment building first.  I rang her doorbell several times, but no one answered.  I wrote her a brief note asking her to call me, and as I was trying to stuff it into the little slits in her mailbox, an older gentleman suddenly appeared.  It turned out that he was the owner of the building.
“When he noticed whose mailbox I was trying to put my note into, he asked me if I was a friend of hers.  I said that I was an old friend, and had tried to call her, but found that her phone was disconnected.  He proceeded to inform me, in the kindest of manners, that Felicia was no longer alive, that she had committed suicide, slashing her wrist in her bathtub.”
“Felicia?” Julian gasped.  “She…she committed suicide?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, no!  Oh, dear God!”
“Apparently you have quite an effect on women.”
“You think she did this because of me?”
“I had no idea what to think.”
“She had developed strong feelings for me, which I’m afraid weren’t mutual, but I never imagined that she would do something like that.”
“May I continue?”
“Yes!  Yes.  Please do.  Oh, poor Felicia….”
“I talked with the owner and learned more about her - that she was an odd and skittish woman, with no real friends.  He seemed shocked to learn that she actually had one, or so he thought, in me.  He gave me a box of her personal belongings that he had saved, just in case someone showed up who might find them valuable.
“I tossed them in the front seat of my car, and then set off to find Priscilla.  When I arrived at her apartment building, again, I got no response from her doorbell, and there was no outdoor mailbox in which to leave a note.  I was about to leave, when I noticed a doorbell for the building manager.  I rang that bell, and out came the rudest woman I’ve ever met in my life - dressed in a ratty old robe, hair curlers, cigarette dangling in her mouth....  When I explained that I was there to drop off a note for Priscilla, she just flat out told me that Priscilla was dead, that she had stuck her head in her oven and turned on the gas, and almost blew up the whole god damned building, and how you’d think that if someone was going to kill themselves, they’d at least have some god damned consideration for others.  Then she went into a tirade of how Priscilla was the worst god damned tenant she had ever had, dragging in men at all hours of the night, loud screaming fights, things crashing and breaking.  They had already cleared out all of her belongings and re-rented her apartment, and whoever it was that was moving in was certainly going to be one less god damned headache for her.”
“Priscilla, too?” Julian said.  “I had only met her one time for a drink and could tell that she was terribly unstable.”
“Apparently.”
“But still, that’s so tragic.”
“May I go on?”
“Please!  Oh, poor Priscilla….”
“I returned to my car.  I was too shaken to drive, so I opened the box of Felicia’s belongings and began to look through them.  I found some photographs, which, I learned from the notes on their backs, were all of Felicia herself.  I studied them carefully.  I truly mean no disrespect, but I found her to be far, far from what one might call attractive.  She was one of the most disturbed and insane looking people I had ever set eyes upon.  Why in the world, I wondered, were you pursuing someone like her?
“I dropped the photographs back into the box and puzzled over the situation.  Why, I thought again, would you have pursued Felicia?  You’re handsome, and charming, and rich.  You could probably have your way with any woman you wanted, and there were so many women who were writing to you.  Why would you choose this woman?  Or why would you choose Priscilla, who obviously was a deeply, deeply troubled woman?
“And then a chill ran up my spine as I wondered, why would you choose ME?”
She took another sip of water.  Julian tried to think of something to say, but Gwendolyn was on a roll and quickly resumed.
“When I got home,” she said, “I logged onto our dating site to have a look at their profiles.  I pulled up Felicia’s first.
“Felicia had only one photograph posted, and it sent a shudder through me.  What lay behind that maniacal smile?  I read her profile, which revealed a basically kind and simple soul.  But that photograph!  It’s going to be hard to forget….
“Then I pulled up Priscilla’s profile.   There were four photographs.   The first one showed a woman who couldn’t be called attractive, but she wasn’t a Felicia.  But the expression on her face was alarming.  She looked disconnected, and manic.  The second photograph looked like that of a completely different woman - haunted, hopeless.  She looked like her head was already halfway into that oven.
“The next two photographs were just lewd - practically naked, just throwing herself at men.  I remembered what Priscilla’s manager had said about her hauling in all sorts of men, and I could easily imagine a steady stream of alley cats seeing her photos, going in for one quick lay, but running into more than they had bargained for.  The impression created by all four of her photos was even more disturbing than that one photo of poor Felicia.  ‘What in God’s name could have drawn you to her?’ I wondered.
“Out of curiosity, I decided to browse through the profiles of other women on the dating site.  There were so many beautiful, intelligent, happy women there, some of whose names I recognized as ones who had written to you, who you never responded to.  Why weren’t you pursuing any of them?  Why the two pathetic creatures who you did?
“I decided to look at my own profile again.  When I pulled it up, my heart just sank.  After having just seen so many photos of such beautiful, happy women, when I looked at my own, I suddenly saw the saddest looking woman I had ever seen.  And I had loved that photograph.  I had always thought that it made me look soulful, and deep.  But now I just looked pitiful.  I could easily place myself in with Felicia and Priscilla, although in my photograph, at least I didn’t look deranged.  I just looked so abysmally depressed.  Why in God’s name had you written to me?
“I tried to understand, but it made no sense.  There were so many attractive women pursuing you, but here you were, romancing Felicia, and Priscilla, and me.  Why us?  Was there some odd quirk in you that drew you to such sad-looking or troubled women - a rescuer, a white-knight syndrome?  But if you fancied yourself as a rescuer, what an inept one you were!  Look at what had become of poor Felicia, and poor Priscilla….
“And suddenly it hit me.
“I sat, stunned, as a feeling of horror began to well up inside me.  I had to stand up, and pace around the room for a minute in order to actually absorb this.
“I sat back down at my computer, pulled up your profile, and looked at your photographs again.  Yes, I thought, what a charming, elegant, brilliant-looking man you were, yet with hints of sadness, loss, and vulnerability.  And I recalled the impression of you that I had come to form - a man of incredible sympathy and understanding, and of kindness.
“But now, as I examined you more closely, I could see the other qualities that were lurking behind that façade - the smugness, the cunning, the conceit.
“Who was this I had stumbled upon?  What kind of man would do this?  A sadistic man, for sure - to target the suffering, and the innocent.  To zero in on the most vulnerable women you could find and push them over the edge….”
Julian looked aghast.
“You think that I had something to do with their suicides?” he asked.  “That’s insane!  No, no, I retract that.  I didn’t mean to use that word.  That’s a horrible word to use.  I would never imply that you’re insane….  You’re a very sane woman - completely…sane….  But that’s so unfair of you to think that.  Why would I possibly want to do something like that?”
“Why, indeed?” she said.  “The question puzzled me.”
“There’s no possible reason.”
Gwendolyn sighed.
“Julian, my love,” she said, “think for a moment.  We’re sitting out here in the woods, for the purpose of committing suicide together.  Yet you mixed the poison into only one glass, and then tried to give that one to me.  How much longer do you plan to plead your innocence?”
Julian opened his mouth to reply, but it dawned on him that he had no reply to that.  He had no idea how she knew that he had only poisoned one glass; he had had his eyes on her the whole time.  Or how he ended up with the wrong one - but he figured it was best to just close his mouth for now, and to let her continue.
“I imagine, my love,” she said, “that you’ve been a liar since the first day you could speak, so I realize that it may be hard for you to understand this, but your lies will get you nowhere right now.  In this little game we’re playing, only the truth might possibly get you the antidote.  You might want to think about that.”
Julian simply nodded.
 “Do go on,” he said.
“Thank you,” she said.
She went on.
“I looked back on how gracious and thoughtful you had been with me,” she said, “and how you had presented yourself - as such a cautious man, with a lack of confidence that would be such a lure for a woman who had her own self-doubts - so at odds with the smug, cruel man who I now knew you to be.  I thought about all the ways that you had been playing this out with me, and I began to realize that this was more than just sadistic for you.  This was sport.
“But what a nasty game you were playing.  You had to be stopped.  But how?  I thought about calling the police, but for what?  Most likely, you’d avoided committing a crime, or if you did, you’d have been smart enough to cover your tracks.
“I slowly began to realize that there was only one thing that I could do.  I had to play you at your own game and see where I could take it.”
She took a sip of water.
 “I needed a few days to digest all of this,” she said, “and to begin to come up with a plan.  That’s why I told you that I had come down with a cold that day.  I was fine, but I needed time to think, and to do some research.  I knew that you must have studied all the different methods of suicide, so you would know how to properly guide your victims when you had somehow gotten them to that point, and to make certain that they didn’t fall short.  I had to be on equal footing with you, so I learned as much as I could.
“And I knew that this was going to be a dangerous game - there were so many unknowns.  I knew that your initial task was to gain my trust, and ultimately, my surrender.  You had actually managed to do that at first, but all I could feel for you now was horror.  But I had to compose myself and play the role of completely falling in love with you.
“I also knew that I had to lay some bait, to show you that I could be an easy target, or you’d just lose interest in me and move on to someone else, and no one would ever catch on to you.  So, I told you about my previous suicide attempt - a lie, of course.  I’d never dream of such a thing; I don’t have it in me.  But I needed you to see me as an easy strike.  
“But I had no idea how you would proceed from there.  I wondered if perhaps there was some psycho-sexual need that was driving you as well.  Did you need to bed your victims before you went on to the next stage?  Would I have to go along with that, in order to keep you in the game?  The idea repulsed me.
“That was why, when I first confessed my love for you, I presented myself as so…physically conservative, wanting to take things slowly.  You have no idea what a relief it was for me when you went along!  Thank God, I thought.  Thank God that you don’t want to sleep with me.  Thank God that you only want me dead!
“But still so many questions…. I needed to pry some more.  Remember that Sunday afternoon, at your home, when I wanted you to see the photographs of Hawaii that I had sent you?”
“Yes.”
“There was a reason for that.  As you logged onto your computer, and logged into your email, well, that photographic memory of mine.  I memorized all your passwords.  Now if I could only get myself alone in your home again….
“It was such a stroke of luck that poor Milo found himself incarcerated that day.  As we were leaving, you might remember, the tea kettle started whistling, and I ran into the kitchen to turn off the stove.   While I was there, I simply unlocked your kitchen door.  When we both drove off, I merely circled back, and had all the time I needed to see if there was anything of interest in your computer.  And my, oh my, was there ever!”
She paused and took a sip of water.
“I didn’t know exactly what I was looking for,” she said.  “I just began browsing.  I read another email from Milo - a photo of four very young girls in very skimpy cheerleader outfits, along with a note which read, ‘They’re in town for three days, in case you’re in the mood for some ‘cheering up’.  Don’t worry, they’re all eighteen - Penelope never takes risks.’
“I vowed to open no more letters from Milo.
“I went back into your mailbox at our dating sight and read another letter from Priscilla - just another example of her pornographic incontinence - and vowed to open no more letters from her either.
“Then I came to Felicia’s last letter and opened that.  I discovered that the final letter contained the entire history of letters between the two of you, as will happen if each letter is simply replied to, rather than composing a new one and sending that on its own.  I scrolled down to the bottom, so I could read your entire correspondence from the beginning.
“The first letters were polite and reserved, but they soon changed in their depth.  The most ardent declarations of love were being exchanged, but there was something odd that kept appearing in your letters to her.  For some reason, you kept harping on the idea that this earthly realm was hellish, and corrupt, and both of you were simply too delicate for it.  You kept saying that this tender love between the two of you was too fragile to last here, that this world was too harsh a place for it to survive, that there was a better place for both of you - another realm, beyond this one, where something this wonderful could flourish. 
“I had no idea what to make of this.  Why were you rambling on this way?  I had to spend a long time thinking about it before I could make sense of it….
“Priscilla was obviously out of her mind and was appalling to boot.  There could have been any number of different ways of driving her to the point of suicide, but I imagine that the simplest one would be to force her to take a good, hard look at herself in a very vicious mirror.  
“But Felicia was nothing like Priscilla.  She certainly seemed unhinged, but she also seemed like a sweet and gentle creature.  Simply being cruel to her would no doubt hurt her, but more would have been required to drive her to slash her wrist.  And as I thought about this, and about your endless insistence that this world was the wrong place for the love between you two to flourish, I realized that you weren’t trying to force her into her death, you were trying to lure her into it.  What an angle that was!  What an elegant play!  It began to dawn on me that whatever other motives were driving you to this, there was one that was crucial, if not dominant.
“You’re a sportsman, Julian.  You play for the love of the game.”
She took another sip of water.
“I saw your tremendous collection of chess books when I was going through your library” she said.  “I know the game well.  If you’ve studied a tenth of what you own, your rating must be at least nineteen hundred.  Or if you’ve studied more than that, who knows, perhaps you’ve achieved Master status by now.  What is your rating?”
“Nineteen-fifty,” he said, “but I’ve only been playing for a few years.”
“I used to play seriously myself, years ago.  I was up to twenty-one hundred, but my life just became too busy to pursue it any more.  But anyone who becomes enamored with that game finds an immense beauty in it.  The calculation, the strategy, the pure joy of seeing possibilities ten or fifteen moves down the road, and then being able to manipulate all the complexities of the game, and arrive at what was envisioned…  It’s exquisite.  It’s intoxicating.
“I knew that I had completely missed your capacity for evil, but I also knew that I hadn’t overestimated your elegance.  You live for beauty, and especially the beauty that comes from brilliantly outplaying an opponent.  I knew that the line that you must have played against Felicia was so much more elegant than the one that I had first presented - my fictional suicide attempt, brought on by rejection.  Why drive someone to take their own life, when you could play the far more beautiful line of inspiring them to do it?  Surely, you would find this line so much more challenging, and attractive.
“And besides, I realized, this was the only line that would give me some openings as well.  And as soon as I began to envision those possibilities, ten or fifteen moves down the road, I decided to make a little online purchase from your computer.  I did it in your name, using your credit card information, remembering it from the times that you had used it to pay for dinner.  I arranged to have it be sent to your home and insisted that it be delivered late on a specific day, and that if no one was at home to receive it, requested that they leave it behind the planter next to your front door.
“I returned to your regular email.  Nothing useful, but I kept going back, two weeks, four weeks, six weeks, eight weeks….
“And then….
“I almost jumped out of my seat when I saw that there was an email to you from my niece!
“I opened it, and it read, simply, “LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!!!!!”
“As I scrolled down, I found that, as was the case with Felicia, there was an entire history of letters between you and my niece.  I began at the beginning.  It was a letter from my niece, inquiring about a scholarship that you were offering.   This was followed up by an application form from you, along with a request for a recent photograph of her.  My niece’s reply was a completed application and a photograph.  You then offered her a plane ticket to visit you, along with your phone number.  She replied that she could come see you as soon as spring finals were over.
“From there, the email exchange ceased for a time, until June 15, apparently the day she returned to Harvard for her summer classes.  On that day, you had sent her a long, rambling letter filled with confessions of love, pledges of eternal devotion, eloquent descriptions of the days and nights you had spent together, and finally, unending, desperate pleas for her to reconsider, and come back to you.
“I was aghast.  My mouth fell open, and I just screamed, ‘You were screwing my NIECE!!!!????’
“With my hands pressed against the sides of my head, I continued on.  The reply from my niece was polite, explaining that it couldn’t possibly work - the difference in your ages was far too great.  She was sorry for any pain that she may have caused you, but really, were you actually thinking that this could have been more than a brief, though delightful, affair?  And then she gently inquired as to the status of her scholarship application.
“This was followed by an even longer letter of pleading from you, filled with examples of famous loves between older men and younger women, and again, your helpless admissions of a rapture that you had never known.  You offered her anything that you had if she would return; without her, you were bereft.  You proposed marriage.  You offered, at last, the most that you had to give: your naked, surrendering heart.
“My niece’s reply exhibited that heartless side of her that I know so well.  It read, ‘Thank you for your kind offers, but I’m afraid that I must decline.  However, if you could simply award me the scholarship for which I had originally applied, I would feel no need to see if this is a matter for the police.’
“There followed a number of even lengthier pleas from you, each one replied to with an increasingly curt and dismissive response, ending at last with the final one, telling you to leave her alone.
“I sat back in my chair.  I was stunned.  My neural circuits were completely overloaded.  The questions that all of this raised couldn’t even begin to form yet.  
“I closed that chain of letters, and wandered, in a state of shock, through more of your email.  I opened a number of letters from other young women, which stretched back for months prior to those of my niece.  They all had the same basic gist.  The writers were thanking you for a marvelous time, often in graphic, erotic detail, and gently inquiring as to where their scholarship application stood.  Many included lascivious photographs, perhaps as reminders, or incentives.  None of them had ever been sent a reply.
“I had just enough functioning brain cells to realize that I had best be going, before you returned home, requiring me to flee, rather than to simply leave.  There was no more prying for me to do anyway.  I had too much information to digest as it was.  So, I turned off your computer and left your home, locking the kitchen door behind me.”
Julian simply listened, expressionlessly.  Gwendolyn continued.
“It took me the rest of the day to absorb what I had learned,” she said, “and it all began to fall into place.  No, this wasn’t just sport for you, nor was it being done out of a long-running, sadistic nature.  Something had plunged you into this madness, and there’s only one thing can drive a man to this point.  It was love.  My niece had somehow found her way into that little heart of yours, and when she left you, she had left a wound so deep that it wouldn’t heal.  And in a narcissist like you, when an ego is wounded, out of that wound comes rage.
“But why, I wondered, hadn’t you taken the simplest route?  Why hadn’t you taken it out on her?  Crimes of passion are so common.  The departing lover is hunted down, and the vengeance is complete.
“It only took me a minute to understand.  It was a simple reason - a pathetic reason.
“You’re a coward.
“Only murder would satisfy your vengeance, and I have no doubt that you have it in you.  But you were afraid of the consequence.
“Didn’t that eat at you, to know that your fear was greater than your passion?  Or did you twist it around somehow, and even come to believe that playing this little game of yours made you superior to those mere mortals who lash out at their true target?
“But it must not have been working.  You had accomplished it at least twice, and here you were, at it again, with me.  It didn’t make sense.  You’re an intelligent man.  Wasn’t it dawning on you that this wasn’t doing the trick?
“I flirted with the notion that perhaps you had actually gone further down this road and awakened your primal beast.  Had you crossed that line and taken matters into your own hands?  That could explain your persistence; there’s addictive potential in murder.  When Felicia couldn’t bring herself to do it, did you take that blade and slash her yourself?  Did you end up holding Priscilla’s head in that oven when she couldn’t surrender that last little bit of her will to live?
“The possibility scared the hell out of me.  Was I putting myself even more at risk than I had imagined?  
“But the more I thought about it, I had to dismiss that idea.  Again, I remembered that above all else, you’re a sportsman.  The love of a good game is entrenched in you.  And a sportsman would never cheat; it would betray that love.  No, I realized, you had played it clean.
“And what talent it must have taken!  What skills, what art!  To send someone to their demise without a touch - I must say, I was impressed.  I realized then what a challenging opponent I had taken on, and also how the sportsman in you would so much prefer a beautiful line of attack to a simple one.
“So, I opened that new, more elegant, line of play for you, and you just perked right up when I did.  I remember those nights when I did, sitting with your arm around me, telling you about my revelations of the otherworldliness of love, and how my heart felt constrained by the body.  After we’d talk, and lapse into silence, and I was just cuddled up with you, I could feel all your thoughts recalibrating to this new line.  It was such a contented feeling, like a puppy nestling against a ticking clock.
“That first line I had shown you, that I was vulnerable to rejection, was useless.  I had made it out of haste.  Its only possible endgame would be you rejecting me in the most horrible fashion, hoping that you could destroy me that way, and if not, just moving on to your next victim.
“But the idea of taking love to its apex, and wanting to take an earthly love further, beyond this physical realm, would lead to a pact.  I needed you to pretend that we were doing this together.  It was my only possible opening.
“But it was such a difficult play for me - it would take so much time to execute.  I was afraid that you might become impatient and move on to easier victims.  But then I discovered the last little piece of the puzzle and realized that I could play this out as long as I needed to.  You would never lose interest in me….”
“Which was?” Julian asked.
“Again,” she said, “your taste in literature betrayed you.”
She took a sip of water.
“A lover,” she said, “wants to look as though she’s fostering mutual interests, and I remembered what else it was you were reading besides your beloved Marquis.  So, I read ‘Medea’ one night when I was with you.  That was why you were persisting.  I thought about it and remembered that there was a little bit of information about me in my niece’s application letter to you, just barely enough for you to recognize who I was.  You had stumbled across a proxy; you had found a way to damage my niece, short of crime.  You would have taken years to play this out if you had needed to.
“I remember the night when I was laying with my head on your lap, reading your copy of ‘Medea’.  The irony was so delicious, even more so, because I knew that you were probably delighting in your own sense of irony as well.
“And I also realized that this would give me a chance to catch you off balance.”
“How so?” he asked.
“I realized that my niece must still have the power to rattle you, so I went through all of my old photos of her.  I selected the ones that I knew would be the most provocative, and had them enlarged, and framed.  Then I had you come to my home yesterday, to wait for the letter that I had simply typed up and mailed to myself, so I had an excuse to invite you over.  Those photographs on the wall!  How I wish I could have been there to see your reaction!  The ones of her in the lingerie - I had almost thrown those out when I had received them, but I was so glad that I hadn’t.  I knew that those would be the ones that would really light your fuse.
“But to truly force your hand, I made up that story about the sixty-one-year-old professor, her fictional new love.  I knew that it would kill you, thinking that she had fallen for a man who was even older than you.  I knew that you would be on me in a day or two, and that you would be so unglued that you would be off your game.  You would be blinded, and careless.  You would be in such a frenzy to get it done that you would plunge through whatever opening you had, and I had already shown you your best line of attack.  All I had to do was to play along with you, and all you would do would be to go along with what it was that I was already setting up and look for an opportunity to evade your end of the pact.
“So, here we were, you, playing the bartender of Death, and me fishing around for my handkerchief, knowing that you would poison one, and only one, glass - with four drops, which is actually the lethal dose for a man who weighs one-eighty.
“When I sent you to fetch the bottle of water in my backpack, it was a simple task to quickly switch the glasses - with handkerchief in hand, of course, leaving no fingerprints on the glass that you ended up holding.”
She looked at the various items scattered around them.
“The bottle opener,” she said, “the suicide note that you wrote....  None of those ever touched my naked hand.  I bought the glasses and the bottle opener yesterday, and unpackaged them in my kitchen today, with gloved hands.  The bottle of ale, I bought yesterday, far from home, and made sure that the sales clerk took it from the shelf, and bagged it himself, and even then, I wiped his prints clean.  My purchase today, at the corner store, was simply a bottle of milk.  I didn’t want to look too prepared.
“And the vial of poison - I removed that, with gloved hand, from its envelope, as I was packing for us today.  That was the purchase that I had made in your name, from your computer, with your credit card, and picked up yesterday from behind your planter, while you were at my home, awaiting my letter.”
She took a sip of water as she looked around.
“I could leave these items,” she said, “the glass that you held, the bottle opener, the note, the bottle of ale, the vial of poison - all with only your fingerprints.  It will look like a simple suicide, the desperate act of a broken-hearted man, which I suppose is what it actually was - just not the desperate act that you had envisioned.  What was your toast?  ‘To Love, as we never could have imagined.’”
She smiled.
“Indeed,” she said, “as you never could have imagined….”
Julian nodded softly, defeated.
“It would take them a while to find you,” she said as she looked around.  “I have no idea where we are.  I just looked for an isolated spot to park, and then led us far into the brush until we found an opening.  They might have some idea of where to look, once they find your Bentley, but even then, I wish them luck.”
Julian was a naked King, all his pieces gone, facing Gwendolyn’s entire army.  His fate was in her hands.
“Well played,” he said.
“Thank you,” she smiled.
They looked at each other, each with their own assortment of emotions.
“So,” Julian said, “what now?”
Gwendolyn continued to look at him, and then her face turned a little sad.
“I’m afraid,” she said, “that I have a confession to make.”
“Oh?” he asked.
She picked up the second vial and studied it for a moment, and then showed it to him as she looked into his eyes.
“This vial,” she said, “contains no antidote.”
He looked at her, puzzled.
“No?” he asked.
“No,” she said.  “I’m afraid that there is no antidote.”
Julian closed his eyes and took several deep breaths as he absorbed the gravity of his fate.
“Tell me, please,” he said, “will it be as you described?  No pain?”
“None,” she said.  “It will be just as I said it would.  Are you feeling any pain?”
“No,” he said, opening his eyes and looking at her.  “I’m completely numb and paralyzed from the shoulders down.  My nick is stiff, my throat feels constricted; my head feels a bit odd…, but no pain.”
“Yes, that’s how it’s supposed to be.  In a while you’ll just pass into a coma; then when your heart fails, again, no pain.”
Julian’s breathed a small sigh of relief, and then looked down, taking stock of things.  After a moment, he looked up at her.
“How long before the coma sets in?” he asked.
She looked at her watch.
“About twenty minutes,” she said.  “We have a little time.”
He nodded, and then glared at her.
“So why the little game with the ‘antidote’?” he asked.  “Just having a bit of fun, stringing me along that way?”
“No, she said.  “I not cruel, but I really did want you to hear my story, and that was the only way I could hold your attention….”
She examined the vial.
“It’s just another vial of poison,” she said.  “I ordered two of them.  If one had been damaged in shipping, it would have made for an awkward endgame.”
She looked at him again.
“But I wanted to make you believe there was hope,” she said.
“Ah,” he said.
“And that it was up to me to deliver it.”
“I understand.”
“You do?”
“Yes.”
“So…now that you know what I’ve done, are you angry?”
Julian thought for a moment, and then looked surprised.
“Oddly,” he said, “…no”.
Gwendolyn looked confused.
“Why not?” she asked.
“Why not…,” he repeated as he mulled the question.  “A number of reasons, I suppose.  First, you were justified.  I forced you into this.   If I was outplayed, I deserve my fate.  It was actually quite courageous of you to take this on.  I can’t hold any anger towards you for it.”
He thought for a moment.
“And secondly,” he said, “we all have to go sometime, and there are so many horrible ways to die.  It looks as though I’ll have an easy one.  I’ve had a good life.  I would like to have more of it, but we all end up at this point eventually.  It’s a fortunate man who gets to live a life of pleasure for fifty-some years, and then die quickly, without discomfort.”
He thought a little more.
“In my life,” he said, “I’ve never taken defeat very well.  But any defeats I ever suffered were tiny ones, compared to this.  Apparently, in utter defeat, my resignation, likewise, is…utter.  It’s pure.  It’s complete.  I feel total acceptance.”
He looked at her and smiled sadly.
“I would extend my hand in congratulations,” he said, “but I’m afraid that I can’t move my arms.”
“Huh,” she said.  “I never would have guessed this.  I assumed that you would be raging all the way to the end.”
“I would have thought so too,” he said, with a look of surprise.  “I guess when one is staring straight at the Inevitable, anger becomes pointless, and simply vanishes.  Instead, other feelings emerge….”
“Such as?”
He tried to sort through them all.
“No fear,” he said.  “You’ve actually spared me the thing I suspect we all fear the most - the horrible or lingering suffering that can occur at the end.  Death itself doesn’t bring fear - just a curiosity.  I’m interested to see if anything comes next.”
“Remorse?” she asked.
“Some.”
“For?”
“Well, as I said, for dragging you into this - and the others as well, Felicia and Priscilla.”
“Were there others, Julian - besides those two?”
“No, no others - but that was two too many.  Their lives were desperate, but they still had the right to live them out however they saw fit, without my interference.”
“So...it seems as though I get to take your final confession.”
Julian smiled.
“Perhaps so,” he said.
“Other regrets?” she asked.
He thought again.
“I suppose I owe your niece an apology,” he said, ‘not as large as the one to you, or to Felicia or Priscilla, but an apology, nonetheless.  Even though she enjoyed our time together, I seduced her under false pretenses, and it wasn’t right of me to keep after her when she made her lack of interest known.  I’d ask you to pass my apology along to her, but I don’t suppose you’ll be able to do that,” he smiled.
“No,” she smiled.  “But it’s nice that you’ve come to that sentiment.  Any others?”
He thought again.
“Maybe the other girls I lured in as well.  They all seemed to enjoy our time together too, but it was bad form for me to be deceptive.  That was the first time I ever used deceit to draw in women.  I’m not sure why - just a playful whim, really….”
He smiled.
“But,” he said, “what was that wonderful question that Saint Augustine once pondered - ‘Why do stolen apples taste so much sweeter?’  They truly do, but still, it wasn’t right for me to steal.  I suppose if I could redo that, I’d just give all of them their scholarships.  Lord knows, most of them certainly earned it.”
“My guess is that you’ve spent years of having your way with women.  What about the rest of them?”
“No regrets,” he said, “and no apologies.  They all played willingly, knowing what was what.  Maybe an apology is owed to some of their husbands, but that’s really for the wives to offer, rather than me.”
“That sounds a little callous.”
“Not really.   All’s fair….  I made no wedding vows with the husbands.”
“But you enticed women to break theirs?”
“It wasn’t hard.  Most of them initiated it.  Again, it’s their apology to make or to not make.  Who knows what goes on in those marriages?  Perhaps the husbands owe far greater apologies than the wives.  I leave it to them to sort it all out.”
“What about all of your…prostitutes?”
Julian smiled at the happy memories.
“No apologies owed,” he said.  “They were all willing providers, and I always tipped them very generously.  The scales are balanced there - more than balanced.”
Gwendolyn looked at him, rather amazed.
“You truly are being honest with me,” she said, “aren’t you?”
“No reason not to be,” he said.
“You’ve lived a completely scandalous life, I have no doubt.  Surely there must be more regrets.”
“Not really….”
He thought for a moment.
“I certainly spent my life living out all of my desires, unfettered by what others thought.  And I was never very considerate of others, but I was never intentionally cruel, at least, not until this madness overtook me.  Before that, I may have annoyed a number of people along the way, but I think I provided far more amusement in my life than irritation.”
“I could see that,” she said.  “You certainly have no lack of charm.  In your good times you must have been very entertaining company.”
“I tried,” he smiled.
Julian thought again.
“I suppose I do have one other regret,” he said.
“What’s that?” she asked.
“My legacy - I got a little silly with that.  My money is destined for something rather…unusual - and perhaps far too frivolous.”
“What?”
“Oh,” he smiled.  “You’ll see.   Everyone will.  It will be quite a display - full media coverage no doubt.  But I dreamt it up at the height of my rage.  I was probably too careless.  With so many people involved, there might be injuries.  And it’s certainly a colossal waste of money.  I wish I could alter that.”
“Is there anything that can be done to change it?”
“Not without a signed codicil, and that requires a mobile hand, which I lack.  I’m afraid that the show will go on.  I hope you enjoy it.”
“So, I assume that your foundation for Third World children was a lie?”
“Of course it was.  But suddenly that seems like a much better use of the money than where it’s going.”
He thought for a moment.
“Yes,” he said, “That’s definitely something I wish I could redo.  I see this world as absurd, and my post-mortem act will certainly be a testament to that.  But it won’t change a thing, and now it strikes me that, even in an absurd world, easing the pain of the most innocent ones born into it would be a nice thing to do.”
“Huh,” Gwendolyn said, “I guess facing death can produce some different perspectives.”
“It certainly can,” he said.  “It helps me see so many things more clearly….”
“Such as?” 
Julian thought for a moment.
“What was it that led me to all this?” he wondered.  “What was that madness that I felt for your niece?  I mean, not the vengeance, but the infatuation itself…?”
He thought more, and then began to laugh.
“You know,” he said, “it’s just now dawned on me.  I’ve been with other women who were every bit as beautiful and brilliant as your niece, but never really felt a thing for them.  But your niece is the only person I’d ever met…who was even more heartless than me.  I saw a reflection of myself in her - a younger and prettier version, and, well,” he smiled, “I’ve always been quite taken with myself.”
He thought a little more.
“But,” he said, “what a nightmare it would have been if my infatuation had been returned.  Can you imagine?  Two utterly selfish creatures enmeshed with one other, each one angling for what they wanted, without caring a bit about what the other one wanted.  I probably suffered less pain by having her leave than I would have if she had stayed.  We’d have destroyed each other.”
“Huh,” Gwendolyn said.  “That’s quite an epiphany.”
“It is.  What insanity love is!  It’s like a horrible fever - it springs from the oddest pathologies and overwhelms the organism.  And like a fever, I guess it can either cure a disease or destroy the host.”
“So…how’s the fever now?”
Julian searched inside, and then looked at Gwendolyn with amazement.
“It’s gone,” he said.  “It’s been torturing me for months, but it’s simply vanished.  And what a relief!  My God, I never want to feel that way again.”
He smiled.
“Not that I’ll ever have the chance to,” he said.
“So,” she said, “how does that leave you feeling towards my niece?”
“Embarrassed, mostly.”
Gwendolyn studied him, bewildered.
“Huh,” she said.
“What?”
“This isn’t at all what I expected from you.”
“I wouldn’t have expected it of myself either.”
“What would you have expected?”
“I suppose pretty much what you had assumed - a raging until the end, wanting nothing more than to strangle you for this.”
“But you feel none of that?”
“Not a bit.”
Gwendolyn looked at him, somewhat stunned.
“So, after all this,” she said, “what are your feelings towards me?”
Julian pondered the question.
“You know,” he said, “I have the most complicated assortment of feelings towards you.  You’re quite right when you say that I’m a sportsman, and I hate to lose.  There were times when I was an inch away from shooting Milo over a game of chess, and I’ll love Milo until my dying day…which apparently will be today….  And in the biggest game of my life, you’ve completely outplayed me.  So, the sportsman in me is rather unhappy with you.  But he’s also a gentleman, who above all loves the game, so he tips his hat, and accepts the loss graciously.  Very well done.”
Gwendolyn looked at him blankly.
“That’s it?” she asked.  “After all this, your only feeling is being a good sport?”
“No,” he said.  “That’s just one feeling.  I’m trying to sort them all out….”
“Go on.”
“And I’m sure you know that I never harbored any ill-will towards you.”
“Julian, you tried to kill me.”
“Well, yes, but it wasn’t personal, at least not towards you - just a blind lashing-out towards that silly little niece of yours.  None of my emotions were aimed towards you directly.  Collateral damage, as it were.”
“And I’m supposed to forgive you because I was ‘collateral damage’?”
“No, I’m not asking for forgiveness.  My actions towards you were unforgivable.  I’m just pointing out that there was nothing about you, personally, that caused them.   In fact, I was developing very conflicted feelings as things progressed.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  I was so fully in the grip of my madness that I hardly noticed, but now that that’s lifted, I’m much more aware of them.”
“Tell me.”
Julian thought.
“When I was first…courting you, so to speak,” he smiled, “nothing particularly struck me, but after you started bringing up the whole subject of the otherworldliness of love, I found myself becoming genuinely fascinated with our conversations.  Your ability to talk about such a profound topic, and to do it so eloquently, had me riveted - not just as part of the game, but in its own right as well.  You have a remarkable capacity to go into deep and unusual emotions and ideas, and to emerge from them with an almost transcendental understanding.  I was so inspired by our talks that I found myself drawn into reading the great mystics, just to delve further into the things that you were bringing up.  And when we were together, there were times when I forgot that I was acting, as I was genuinely being lifted into higher realms by our conversations.  I haven’t met many people in my life that could do that for me.  I haven’t met any, actually.”
“I have to admit, “Gwendolyn said, “that even though my efforts to steer the discussions weren’t exactly authentic either, I, too, found that the things you were forcing me to come up with were fascinating.”
“Yes, very odd circumstances, but I guess what I’m saying is that even in the midst of my madness, on some level, I was genuinely enjoying your company.”
“I don’t know that I can say the same - I was too busy trying to avoid being killed.”
“I suppose that could dampen the pleasure of a good conversation.”
“It is a little distracting.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“And there’s another feeling that’s been dawning on me, just today, just after I…realized my defeat.  I couldn’t identify it, probably because I’ve never actually felt it before, but now I can.”
“What?”
“I think that after giving my greatest efforts to…achieving my objective, to discover that you had taken me on, and turned the tables on me and outmaneuvered me at my own game…I have to say that this is the first time I’ve ever felt…admiration…for another person.”
“I think there are other people who are worthier of admiration than I am - humanitarians, philanthropists….”
“Well, I don’t know any of them, so I’m only going on personal experience.  And in that realm, no one has ever exhibited more skill, or more nerve, than you have.”
“Well, it was rather forced out of me.”
“No matter what the cause, it was there to emerge.”
Julian smiled.
“Can’t you just accept a compliment?” he asked.
Gwendolyn laughed.
“All right,” she said.  “Compliment accepted.  I suppose it is nice to have it acknowledged.”
“And acknowledged it is.”
Julian thought for a moment.
“And there’s another feeling that I’ve developed for you as well,” he said, “just now, as you were revealing your story.”
“Which is?” she asked.
“It’s been rare for me to meet anyone who can actually be as devious as me - I think Milo has been the only one.  That’s a very special bond.”
“How so?”
“I suspect you’ll find out….”
Julian thought again for a moment.
“I know that I forced you into this game,” he said, “and much of it was frightful for you, but admit it,” he smiled, “on some level, I’ll bet that you were genuinely enjoying it.”
Gwendolyn smiled.
“Now that you mention it,” she said, “when I took this on, I knew it was necessary, but as things progressed, I had no idea that it would be so much fun.”
“See?”
“You are a sharp one, my love.”
“And now that I’ve drawn this deviousness out of you, you might find that people who don’t have it seem…a little boring.”
“I don’t know.  This is all new for me.”
“I think you’ll come to notice it more and more.  After this, other people will seem less interesting.  It’s a shame that it took all of this…insanity to cause us to meet, and to elicit this cunning from you.  Had it happened under other circumstances, we might have had an enjoyable friendship.  I know I would have loved playing chess against you.  I’m sure you’d have mauled me, but I’d have loved the challenge.  And our conversations in between games would have been delightful.   We could have had some pleasant times.”
“My game is rusty, so it might have been an even match at first.  But yes, as I said, I imagine that in your good times you were very amusing company.”
Julian smiled, and then lapsed into thought, and his expression turned more serious.  Gwendolyn noticed the change.
“Yes?” she asked.
“I think I’ve just noticed the strongest aspect of my feelings for you,” he said. “This may sound odd to say about someone who has just caused my death, but you’re probably the kindest person I’ve ever met, and I have to express my gratitude for the compassion that you’ve shown me.”
Gwendolyn looked puzzled.
“What compassion is that?” she asked.
“See?” he said.  “You’re not even aware of it.  That’s how deep it is in your nature.  Gwendolyn, I put you through hell, and there were a hundred ways you could have taken me out, many of them agonizing, but you chose one that’s painless.  If it was me in your shoes, when I’d have bought the poison, I’d have ordered an entire colony of Amazonian insects as well, just to enjoy watching my attempted-murderer have his organs devoured.”
Gwendolyn looked at him evenly.
“Don’t think it didn’t cross my mind,” she said.  “But the shipping logistics were a nightmare.”
Julian laughed, and Gwendolyn couldn’t help but smile.
“But seriously,” Julian said, “we both know all the methods of suicide, and the one you chose for me is a very humane one.  And you could be haranguing and berating me, but instead you’ve just sat with me and elicited my final confession, so to speak - given me a chance to come to terms with my life and my actions, and to face my death cleanly.  You could have just rolled me into the brush to live out my last moments alone, staring at the ground, mumbling all my newfound clarities into the dirt, but instead you’ve stuck around, and allowed me to spend my final time in the presence of genuinely pleasant company.  Really, you’ve given me far more than I deserve.  And I’m truly grateful.”
Gwendolyn looked at him, again with amazement.
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” she asked.
“Of course,” he said, and then lapsed into thought.
“Again,” he said, “this sounds odd to say, but in this short time we’ve had today, since I…realized that these would be my last moments, and in the way that you’ve been so present for me, this has turned out to be perhaps the closest friendship I’ve ever had.  I’ve had decades of fun with Milo, but this is different….”
He thought a little more, and his eyes began to mist as he continued.
“So much has been washed away in me in these last few minutes,” he said.  “I feel…cleansed somehow, and you’re the only person who I’ve been able to share this…new state with.  It’s only been a very brief time that we’ve had to really be genuine together, but it’s turned out…to be perhaps the most precious moments of my life.”
As Gwendolyn listened to him speak, she felt genuinely touched by his words, but after a moment, she seemed as if she suddenly remembered something, and her expression began to change - first to confusion, then to distress, and finally to…anger.  Julian had watched all these shifts occur.
“What is it?” he asked.
“No,” she said.  “No.  This is NOT what I expected.”
He watched as she stood up and began to pace around.
“No,” she said.  “Not at all.  This was supposed to be clean.  You were supposed to become increasingly vile as you realized that you’d been had.  You were supposed to grow more and more despicable, all the way to the end.  I was supposed to feel increasingly justified, knowing that I had taken out a beast.”
“Gwendolyn,” he said, “you were justified.  I was a beast.  You had to do this.  Why are you being so hard on yourself?”
“Why couldn’t you have just grown more abominable?”
Julian tried to shrug, but his shoulders were frozen.
“Sorry,” he said.
“Are you?” she asked.  “Are you really sorry that you haven’t been monstrous all the way to the end?”
“No,” he said.  “I’m just humoring you.  I don’t get this.  Why is this upsetting you?”
“Why is this upsetting me?  Julian, you’re ‘cleansed’, so you say.  Why do you think I’m upset?”
Julian thought for a moment.
“I don’t know,” he said.  “I guess that you’d feel more at peace somehow if, as you said, I’d been monstrous until my dying breath.  You wouldn’t have a moment’s remorse.  But for the life of me, I can’t understand why you’d have any remorse about this.  This was self-defense.  It was more than self-defense; you were defending others as well.  This was a heroic action of yours.  Please, sit down in front of me.  I can’t move my head enough to see you as you wander around….”
Gwendolyn paced a little more, but then sat in front of Julian and stared at him, with a complicated assortment of emotions on her face.
“Gwendolyn,” he said, “please. Don’t feel conflicted over this.  I’m sorry if having my insanity lift has made this harder for you.  But as I’ve said, that’s a wondrous thing that you’ve done for me.  I certainly find no cause for you to feel guilty, and I’m the one who’s dying here.  Why should you feel any guilt?”
She continued to look at him with the same expression but said nothing.  
“It makes no sense,” he said.  “You did the right thing.  And you did it kindly.”
Her expression clarified into one of genuine anguish.
“Julian,” she said.  “I’m not a murderess….”
“Of course, you’re not,” he said.  “This wasn’t murder.  I mixed the poison.  I drank it myself.  You only procured it and tricked me into it.  Well, I guess in a way that’s murder....  But no, it was self-defense, and the defense of others – completely justifiable.  As you said, I had to be stopped.”
Gwendolyn took a deep breath and closed her eyes, as she seemed to be wrestling with something inside. 
“I really don’t know what to think anymore…,” she said, mostly to herself.
Julian studied her, trying to understand.
“What is it you want?” he asked.  “Are you seeking my forgiveness?  I forgive you.  I more than forgive you.  I understand that you had to do this, and I’ve told you that I’m grateful that you’ve done it with compassion.  What more consolation can I offer?”
She looked away and muttered.
“You could have remained a monster until the very end,” she said.
Julian sighed.
“Gwendolyn,” he said, “you’ve got to stop beating yourself up this way.”
“This change,” she said, still looking away, as though talking only to herself, “this cleansing, this metanoia that you’ve gone through - has it really taken root?  Has it gone all the way through?”
She turned and looked at Julian, in a way that suddenly directed her question directly towards him.  He took it in and pondered it.
“Who knows?” he said.  “It seems to have, but then, I’m sedated.  I’m poisoned.  I’m dying.  These all do odd things to a man.”
“Yes,” she said.  “I suppose they do….”
“Why does it matter?  I’ll be dead soon.”
“Yes….”
“So why is this troubling you?”
“Julian, I’m not a murderess….”
“We’ve been over this, Gwendolyn.”
“I had to stop you….”
“And you did,” he laughed, “quite skillfully.”
His look turned very serious, and sincere.
“Gwendolyn,” he said, “if there’s anything I can say that will put your mind at ease, please, let me know.  After all that I’ve put you through, I owe you - it’s the least I can do.”
She looked at him, confused, disturbed, distraught….
“Please,” he said.  “There’s no point in this.  What’s done is done.  And you did the right thing.”
She continued to study him for a minute, and then let out a heavy sigh as she held her head and looked at the ground.
“I swear,” she said.  “You really are determined to be one never-ending pain in the rear for me....”
Julian looked at her, puzzled.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
She looked to her side, and then picked up the second vial of poison.  She studied it for a moment, and then looked up at Julian as she showed it to him.
“Antidote,” she said.
Julian looked at her blankly.
“That certainly is a mysterious little vial,” he said. “One minute it’s an antidote, and then it’s a poison, and then it’s an antidote again.…”
“No mystery,” she said.  “I also ordered the antidote, just in case anything went wrong.  If I had felt my legs begin to go numb, I would have put a few drops under my tongue immediately to stop it.  One never knows….”
Julian continued to look at her blankly, saying nothing.  She continued.
“I wanted you to think it was an antidote, so I’d have your attention as I told you my story,” she said.  “But after that I didn’t want you to think there was any way out of this.  It was for your own good, really.  I didn’t want to see you reduced to a beggar when I had no intention of giving it to you.  I wanted you to have an authentic death, knowing it was coming.  Partly curiosity - a little morbid on my part, I suppose, wanting to see what you were really made of, and truly expecting the worst, but also to give you the chance to make your peace.”
Julian simply nodded, still silent.
“I never expected what emerged from you,” she said.  “Once you knew that your death was inevitable, I expected that all the lies would end, and the real Julian would come out.  I suppose I expected a little remorse, but mostly I expected a torrent of rage, and selfishness, and a phenomenal amount of self-pity.  I imagined that I’d simply be euthanizing a rabid animal.  I had no idea that this kind of transformation would occur.”
“Sorry to disappoint,” he said.
“You see my dilemma.”
“I.... I’m not sure….”
“Of course, you’re not.  Empathy was never your strong point.”
“Well….”
She sighed.
“Damn it, Julian,” she said.  “Use your new ‘clarity’ and try to figure out what I’m struggling with.  Why do you think I’m so upset?”
“To be honest,” he said, “I’m beginning to feel a bit more faint than clear at the moment….”  
“Oh, great!” she said, throwing up her hands.  “So now you get to use your coma as an excuse!”
“Well…,” he said.
“Julian, it was necessary for me to lure you to your own death.  You were a threat to me, to my niece, and to others.  But at least for the moment, that all seems to have vanished.  Suddenly you’ve become humane.  And even though I didn’t actually kill you myself, I’m sitting here with the power to prevent your death.  Don’t you realize that withholding it is the same as murder?  You’re a scholarly man.  Haven’t you ever studied Ethics?”
“It was a required course in college, but it all seemed silly to me, so I skipped it and earned my credit by having an affair with my professor.  A lovely woman….”
“Well, damn it, Julian, it is.  Failing to prevent a death is no different than murder.  And you had it coming…while you were a lethal threat.  But has that passed?  Have you become harmless?  Is this new…humanity of yours permanent?  If so, I have no right to allow you to die.  But what if it’s only a passing phase - a temporary sanity, so to speak?  What if I let you live and the old, psychopathic, homicidal Julian re-emerges?  You’d become even more of a threat, after this.  And no games this time – you’d probably just kill me the old-fashioned way….”
“Ah.   Yes, I suppose I can see your dilemma then….”
“Thank you.”
She studied him carefully.
“So, tell me,” she said, “and be honest.  Is this change in you a permanent one?”
“I…I think it is…,” he replied.
“You THINK it is?” she yelled.  “What kind of answer is THAT?”
“Gwendolyn, think for a moment.  I know that you have the antidote now.  I’ve made my peace with death if that’s to be my fate, but all things equal, you know that I’d prefer to keep on living.  How can you trust me to give you an honest answer now?  I can say ‘Yes, I’m a completely new man, a saint really, and if you spare my life I’ll spend the rest of it catering to lepers’, but you have no way of knowing if I’m just lying to save my skin.”
Gwendolyn sighed and shook her head.
“If you wanted to keep assessing me,” Julian said, “you shouldn’t have told me that you have the antidote.  That wasn’t very bright.”
Gwendolyn just looked down and began to massage her forehead.
“What am I going to do?” she asked, mostly to herself.
“Are you asking my advice?” he said.
“No, just thinking out loud….”
“…Because I’m happy to offer it.”
She looked up at him.
“Sure,” she said, “why not.  Amuse me.  What’s your advice?”
He smiled.
“Whatever you decide,” he said, “will be perfect.”
She glared at him with narrowed eyes.
“Just one never-ending pain in the rear…,” she said.
They both sat silently for a moment.  Julian was beginning to feel increasingly woozy.
“Gwendolyn?” he said.
“Yes?” she sighed.
“I’m starting to grow very faint.”
“Then you’re entering your coma.”
“If you administer the antidote, what will happen?”
“You’d come out of the coma pretty quickly.  The paralysis would fade in an hour.  You’d probably feel a little dazed for a week or two….”
“And if you don’t administer the antidote?”
“The coma will last about ten minutes.  Then your heart will just stop.”
Julian began to look around at the trees and the sky, as if he was a small child, seeing them for the first time.
“What’s it like to be in a coma?” he asked.
“I’ve heard that sometimes people have a little dream at first,” Gwendolyn said, “but then you’ll be out like a light.”
“Oh,” he said.
Gwendolyn looked down as her anguish continued to build.  She massaged her forehead and began to speak to herself.
“I really don’t know what I’m going to do…,” she said.  
Julian felt his eyelids growing heavy.
“I’m not a murderess…,” she said.
His eyes began to slowly close.
“But if I save you,” she said, “will I be saving a harmless man, or one who will be an even greater threat than you’ve already been?” 
She softly shook her head.
“No,” she said.  “I can’t.  I’d be a fool to take that chance….”
She looked up at him and watched as his eyes shut completely, and his stiffened neck slumped forward, until it finally came to rest. 

Chapter 48

Julian felt…a little…dreamlike....
He let his eyes wander around his library, with its old shelves full of rare books, its priceless furnishings, antiquities, and artwork, and its tall, frescoed ceilings.  It was his favorite of the thirty-two rooms in his home….
His gaze drifted to a chessboard in front of him.
What was this he was looking at?  A game of some sort?  Yes, that seemed to be it.  But he had no idea what kind of game it was.
There were squares, different colored squares, in two dimensions.  But then things started to…expand….  Soon there were three dimensions, and then four.  The squares began to gently float around the room….
There were…objects…standing upon some of the squares.  The objects seemed to be alive somehow, filled with some vital force that was almost propelling them in varying ways – some straight, some diagonally, some sideways….  But their force was inadequate to propel them on its own.  It seemed as if something, or someone, would need to put them into motion, if the game was to be played….
He looked up, and saw Gwendolyn, sitting across from him, massaging her forehead, as she stared at the floating board….
He really didn’t know what this game was.  He only had a vague sense that somehow, at this moment, it was not his turn….
Only something, or someone else, could now make the objects move.
Or not….
His eyes, again, began to wander around his library….


THE END

