
Aloha Mannequins
By Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2010 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

All rights reserved
Cover design by the author

Smashwords License Statement

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.


"Aloha Mannequins is a funny story of eerie,
inner circles in Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

CONTENTS

PART ONE

PART TWO

PART THREE



PART ONE


“Eye Nodule”

THE ORCA KILLS THE SHARK by torpedoing into its belly from underneath, causing the shark to blow up. When this Gothic fellow opens his mouth, there is a shark inside. He has four rows of sharp teeth. He rolls his eyes back white. We all lean over the table with hungry eyes. He SNAPS his mouth shut and scares us and leans back, laughing like Santa Claus. 
“Hohoho!”
Someone I don’t know laughs with him to be his friend.
“Heehaw!”
The place is hot. Moist. Sticky. Dim. Everyone wears black for some reason, but not in a racist way…at least I hope not. I haven’t seen anyone yet with blond hair. Strange, dream-like music plays—not what I expected in a Goth club (I expected hard-core, industrial, German speed metal. Later, I find out that they DO play it. Just not on “these” nights). Something invisible and thick hangs in the air. Something is going to happen, but when? The suspense is a major thumbs down for me, although I assume these folks get off on it. The place is dirty – although it’s a strange, stylized dirtiness: controlled dirtiness. I try to remember the name of this bleak place: Galaxy or Neutrino or some other sci-fi-ish word.
Everyone looks happy – everyone’s having a good time. I see these people all the time at the mall, loitering outside of Longs Drugs. Mall security is always waving a finger at them, chasing them here and there while holding their jiggling belts. Taki hands me a bottle of something: Looks like a vitamin bottle. It’s small. I unscrew the cap and drink a taste.
Vodka. A vodka and vitamin C shot. It’s good, but one is definitely not enough. He opens his backpack and pulls out 3 more bottles and sets them on the table, almost as if they were trophies. He examines the empty bottle and I can barely make out his eyes behind his vampire-shades. He leans in:
“Did you drink all of this?”
“I thought that was what you wanted me to do.”
He laughs and continues unpacking his goods while bobbing and swaying to the music.
It’s so hot in here. My skin feels sticky. I sit alone on a couch (I hope nothing dead is under these cushions), in a corner that has been painted a thick black: The floor makes a sick, sticky sound when people walk past. That’s the key word for tonight, sticky. There’s a black-light, which means that passing white shoes glow. People in black trench coats and black tights walk about, aimlessly, showing off their threads to onlookers, doing that thing where they look over their shoulder at you and wink. Everyone has a bottle of water. You can’t bring water in a place like this…you must buy water at the front. But you can bring in all the alcohol you want. Huzzah!
A shortie and some tall white boy sit next to me. I don’t know how, but I start chatting with this girl. It’s very unlike me, due to my crippling shyness, so I assume those vitamin shots are kicking in. She’s not beautiful, by my ignorant standards, but she looks nice, and she is very friendly. She starts talking about her folks in Russia and the music in the current, local Goth scene. She asks where I’m from and I lie to seem more interesting.
“Russia. I’m from Russia,” I scream over the loud music.
After awhile, the man with the shark teeth arrives again and seems to be passing me odd glances. He’s thin, tall, and has long, blue-streaked hair. Lucky for me, he finds a friend to speak to before throwing his attention at me. I mean, what the hell are we going to talk about? The fluid dynamics of sharks? I’m a 1st time visitor to this small, black place with the yellow painted nuclear power sign out front. I don’t know the language. Yet.
I can feel the dizziness coming on hard, and I start getting the dread. I underestimated those deceitful shots. Someone walks by in the distance. I hope it’s not who I think it is.
My memory rewinds: It was.
Great. 
It was her, and I immediately feel depressed, and ugly, and insignificant. 


One Hour Earlier...

EXT. DOLE MOVIE THEATER – NIGHT

With friends. Just finished seeing Cowboy Bebop. Great film – in parts, anyway. See ex-girlfriend talking with movie promoter. Feelings of depression, uselessness, suicide, guilt, and major ugliness. Taki seems to notice, tries to make me feel better by complimenting my horrendous, shorty-short haircut. 
“You need to go out and find someone to fuck.”
And I say out of pre-panic attack: “Yessm.”

We pick up his two female friends – dressed in black dresses, of course (I feel out of place and uncool with my glasses and blue jeans) – in downtown at something like 11pm, and speed away into the night. I don’t speak to them. Or is it, they don’t speak to me.
Stop near Hawaii Culture Center and park on some dark, side road. The night streets are busy. People jaywalk. I’m excited. This is crazy goodness. I can’t wait to enter another universe. Maybe even a place where people understand me and share my mental poop.
Taki crosses the busy street towing two large, plastic Safeway bags of liquor as a trolley honks. The driver shakes a mean fist, tourists snapping bright pictures. The club’s entrance fee is a tad high for our wallets and there’s some discussion about my lack of cash. I’m too out of my mind to really be following any of this: Mind plagued by noisy images from the annoying past. It turns out that everything’s going to be okay somehow and we move ahead.
Taki says with a smile – smiling to maybe soften the blow:
“Hey look who it is...”
I see who it is and my stomach punches me. I should’ve known. Taki and her have similar tastes in clubs. Why didn’t I connect the dots earlier! If he’s going to a club tonight, surely would she.
I back up.
“Er...”
“Aw come on, man, don’t be like that.”
“I’ll just wait for you guys back at the car.”
“No, no, you’re going to come inside and hang loose. And then we’re going to find you some hot chick and get laid in spades.”
“I didn’t realize it was that easy! But no.”
All I hear as he yaps is her voice, saying over and over again, You’re a loser; call me when you grow up.
I imagine the sweet taste of alcohol and say: “Fine. Good.” I’ll be fine so long as I stay low and hide in some dark corner, on a suspiciously soft couch.


One Hour Later...

This couch is getting soft; I think I’m sinking into it. I take hold of the glass vodka bottle with my wee, skinny hands and take a swig. I remember then why I hate vodka. The stuff went down with a fight – it wanted to come back up, the furnishings of my stomach too poor for its liking. To be nice, I offer some to a girl that walks by. I don’t say anything of course, I just hold up the bottle and smile. She smiles back through those black-painted lips and says, “No thank you, kind sir. Vodka gives me the toots.” I nod and she walks off, vanishing into the dark.
I’m determined to hold the alcohol down. I hate to waste anything. I might as well be vomiting Taki’s money: Then what kind of a friend would I be?
I lean back. 
That couple is still here, chatting with Sharkman. A screwball kid with a sledgehammer walks up to the table, which is actually a giant, upturned wooden spool for industrial wire. He pounds his sledgehammer on the table, rattling empty beer bottles. It’s obvious to me that he does this for attention. His smile looks mean. No one cares, so he does it again, smiling brightly. Someone says Hello and the kid moves on.
Taki calls me and we head outside.

It’s noisy outside. Large groups of tall, white people lean against their cars, giving me the stiff one-eye as we walk past. The music inside the club tries desperately to free itself through the walls, sounding muffled. A lot of people have on contact lenses: Red ones, white ones, sometimes both. The glowing eyes are interesting. I feel so out of place. I keep my eyes down as we walk.
What’s a tiny white boy with glasses doing in a place where everyone wants to be a vampire? Besides, I like mummies better.
Taki walks me into an alleyway and we kneel between the front of a car and a length of dangling chain that’s blocking off a parking lot. A swinging sign on the chain reads DO NOT ENTER.
Taki reaches into his waist-cut, Matrix-looking, pleather jacket and pulls out what looks to me like a large, glass kazoo filled with The Buddha, aka marijuana. I’m shocked. That’s a lot of green. The whole thing is filled. More of who I assume to be Taki’s friends pop up…so many eventually, that there’s enough of us to make a cute circle. Odd how no one even makes on effort to introduce themselves. There’s something unsettling about that – there’s something unsettling about Taki’s buddies in particular: As if they just don’t give a damn about anything, even if they got run over by a truck-load of Hawaiian pigs.
All they want to do is smoke The Thigh and be lost in their little, tripped-out world.
There are some girls with us. All not very attractive. They seem rather dirty and lost. I like what they’re wearing, though: Gothic, black dresses…I’m reminded of Interview with the Vampire for some reason. I wonder if these people work at Taco Bell or Dip N’ Dots.
Everyone seems to be dazed out of their minds, and we haven’t even tongued the dung yet, if you catch my drift. Taki’s young, male friend (a brown-skinned chubby, showing off an Iron Maiden shirt) puts the glass tube to his lips and sticks a lighter down the grassy hole. He inhales, eyes growing huge, and the grass filaments light up like electrical wires. He passes it down the line – the girls try – another tries (are these people magically materializing?) – a heavy girl tries – and then it comes to me. I don’t want to look like a goof, so I try (other tries have ended in pity and shame. It’s no fun when the people you’re doing it with are trying their damndest NOT to feel the effects). I do the motions right, but for some reason Taki’s friend says that I’m doing it wrong, and helps me. I’m grateful, but boy do I feel the eyes on me. I assume that they all think I’m some kind of Narc.
One of the girls says:
“Oh Taki, you look just like Jesus!”
Taki, ever the cool one, cleaning the pipe, just mumbles something to the effect of: “Womp…womp,” smiling.
But the girl isn’t done yet:
“I’d like to kiss Taki on the mouth and suck his chicken.”
Everyone laughs. It was a joke, of course, just for attention. I’m disgusted. I look around to see everyone a bit more talkative and weird. At this point, abortions are a joke. Time escapes me. My limbs have no feeling. I start to wonder what would happen if a cop caught us. These yahoos probably wouldn’t even care.
I’m a bit envious. I’m depressed again and feel so out of freakin’ place. Who are these people? Where am I? I want something from Jack in the Box; have to remember to ask Taki to stop there after we leave this curious place.
These people are laughing. Is it at me? Would I even be surprised? Calm down. Taki is just saying something funny about old times with old friends...I laugh to be nice...mouth numb…my giggle tumbles out with a 1-second delay...arms feel like their spinning when they’re not…meat tingling just below the skin...I’m afraid that someone who works in one of the nearby stores will see us and call the fuzz...Come on, Taki, get your jollies and let’s go back inside before the cops come! Did I only think that, or did I say it?...They laugh – not looking at me, so maybe I just thought it. Taki stands, so I stand, confident. My head spins. I can tell that Taki is not immune to these hideous effects as well. It’s comforting to know. We walk past tall white guys – beefy thick arms able to break my neck if they wanted to. I see a goofy, human male, wearing spiked wristbands and a spiked neckband with a spiked doggie leash and spiked thighbands and anklebands, showing off his butterfly knife-dancing skills in front of a group of redheaded girls in black corsets. They seem to be ignoring him as they kiss each other in a bored way. All except for one disturbing girl: A large girl with a blue Mohawk, wearing a shiny, black trench coat and Goth slippers. She stares at him like a hungry wolf. Her hands are in her dress, moving around in circles.
I try with all I’ve got to walk straight. I feel like an idiot. I arrive.
INSIDE.
I’m sitting down on the couch...alone. When did I get here on this couch? Doesn’t matter. It feels good. I feel sick. My head spins spins spins. Makes my belly turn turn turn. Head, stop spinning! Stop spinning! You’re embarrassing me.
I close my eyes for a second. Try to control this mental, washing machine. Get a grip, man. Righty-O. I can do this. I’m strong. I’m a Virgo.
I open them:
What just happened?
There are at least five people on the couch now. Did I fall asleep? Can’t be. I’d know, right?? I look around in a frown, confused: Make eye contact with a young, black man. He’s thin and nicely dressed. Seems harmless enough. Wait, is he saying something to me? I lean in through the thick music and open my mouth:
“Huh?”
“Srjpir-0hoj3efkan.”
“WHAT.”
“Toot toot dingus frandj.”
“Oh.”
“I’m from the base,” he says, smiling. Pearl Harbor. Military.”
“Oh! Just relaxing, huh?”
He nods, happy that I understand him. I lean back and shut my eyes again because I’m dead inside: Last thing I see is this nice soldier boy, leaning forward with his hands in prayer between his knees, looking down and about to go into some surely, dreary life story. I want to hear it, just so I don’t hurt his feelings. But…
My eyes are heavy. 
They close.
I open them.
I’M ALONE.
Did everyone just vanish suddenly? The music is different, too. Softer. Still moody, not surprisingly. Sad sad Emo music. Poo-poos my soul. I realize now that all this “sad” music is giving me the mopes. People in the murky distance, who look like Gothic Nuns, give me final glances as they float down mysterious hallways like toys on wheels. I look to my left. Good Lord! Someone’s sitting next to me, leaning on me even: Sweaty scalp on my shoulder. It’s the chubby girl from outside, one of them anyway: Taki’s pale that smoked with us. I’m too dizzy to try and wake her up. I need to use the bathroom. My bladder is mean. My back feels like my front. My eyes are biting me. My legs are kicking themselves. My neck feels bloated. Things in my stomach want to fly out from my mouth. Damn. I can’t do it. I can’t hold down my own cherries. 
This is pathetic.
I close my eyes – maybe the world will change again and cease tumbling over itself and she’ll be off of me.
2 seconds later (or at least what consciously feels like 2 seconds later) I open my face – eyeballs rolling while I groan in belly pains. It feels like I’m vomiting out my eyes. The girl next to me is awake. She’s moving around, doing something. Objects before my eyes are soft, unfocused, floating in the air, spinning in place. 
“Ooooooooh…” I hear, very close to my bad ear.
I’m too ill to look at her, but I can see her in the corner of my right eye. She’s saying something again. Her arm is around mine, holding on for grim life. I see an image: We must look like an odd pair, like something out of Jerry Springer. A chubby girl and a thin fool, arm in arm, sitting alone on a couch, both gone totally sideways and inside out. She starts kissing my throat. I’m only slightly shocked. 
And then I see something that makes my heart faint and the hairs on my arms flail about.
“Blood in stool,” I say, cursing my luck.
I see my ex walking toward me. I can’t keep my eyes open. It’s as if she’s popping in and out of reality as she grins toward us. She says something to the girl around my arm, calls her by name. Not good, I think to myself. I don’t know why it isn’t good, but it isn’t. Jesus, does she know everybody here?
Ex to me: (brightly) “Hi!”
Me: (trying as hard as I can to sound normal) “…ello.”
Ex: “It’s really good to see you here!”
Why don’t I believe her? Sounds sarcastic.
Me: “Thanks! I saw you at the movies earlier.”
Did I say that right? I hope I didn’t stutter like I always do.
She says more, but unfortunately, it all skates over my glazed eyes. I’m trying really hard to remember her face, but even that takes too much concentration. My heart is a skydiver, yanking on the ripcord wildly, shrieking, “Where’s the parachute!?”
She leans in, smiling in a wrong way.
Ex: “It’s-really-good-to-see-you-here.”
It’s like she’s talking to a child – came near to sounding like a laugh. She walks away, probably went home to mentally vomit the pile of drunkenness known as Me. 
Is she really glade to see me? 
I hope so.
Heart: “Of course not, idiot.”
Girl: “I don’t think she likes me.”
And then she runs her tongue into my ear.
I barely notice, thinking of other images. The past seems so inviting.
I know – God I know – that I’ll remember all of this in the morning, and it will throw the next 5 months into the old, emotional meat grinder.
I lean back wanting Taki to take me home, and close my eyes again as the tongue in my ear vibrates.


2 Years Ago...

I’m with my X and her gay pal at a Goth club called The Dungeon, on Halloween, near airport. There’s a long line. As you can imagine, this is an important day, and we’ve got backstage passes (later we’ll learn they were useless). She gives the fat man at desk our tickets. They seem to know each other. He studies my ID and thinks nothing of me: “Looks like anyone else.” 
Why even say such a thing?
Asshole.
I feel ugly but keep up the façade. At least act like it doesn’t bother you. You’ve been acting on public access for over 5 years, acting shouldn’t be a problem. My friends try to cheer me up by saying: “You’re so handsome, you’re so pretty.” 
Pretty?? Is that supposed to make me feel better? I laugh, and we head inside. A naked man wearing a tight leather mask with a zipper mouth is on a wooden, mini stage, tied to cross. A woman tugs on his penis with pliers while hunched over and scanning the area, grinning. I expected myself to be thoroughly appalled, but instead I am moderately interested. It helps that the “slave” seems to be enjoying this odd “act”. We move to the rear of this wondrous place. 
There are bottles of Zima everywhere: On vibrating speakers, the ground, in the bathroom, the tables. We just stand in the back, outside under the moonglow, looking in. My girlfriend gyrates to the music. I touch her back and she feels it...smiles...and I feel so lucky. I feel very very very lucky and normal. We go back in and she scolds me for drinking a stranger’s discarded Zima bottle. I’m told that I could get hepatitis or something. They’d know, surely, both being in the medical field.
I’m embarrassed at the scolding. That’s what I get for trying to look cool. Like, “Hey, look at me drinking some stranger’s bottle of beer! I don’t care, since I’m so hard!”
Come to think of it, that was pretty stupid of me.
We stick toilet paper in our ears to soften the pounding bass. Now we’re dancing. I feel like an idiot. No one seems to care though, and soon enough I’m too drunk to care as well. The female DJ is topless. My girlfriend’s homosexual friend is dancing shirtless. My girlfriend grazes her fingers across his sweaty, muscular chest. I do the same…WHAT AM I DOING?? Get a grip, man. Don’t start going sideways on me now. 
I’m just jealous that she touched his muscles (at least I hope I’m just jealous). I’m such a child. 
Later, we’re by a staircase that’s painted black. She speaks with an older, white fellow, looks like he has money and a decent job, but ugly-ass hair. I grow jealous. Next to him, I look like a 16-year-old with far away dreams.
I don’t want her talking with him. I KNOW what he’s thinking. I know what he’s thinking! I wanna kill him! Did mention she was wearing a black leotard?
Uhg.
Not thirty minutes later, we’re in her SUV with her homosexual pal at the wheel. I have no idea where we’re going. We end up in a place in Waikiki called Fusions. I only see men in this place. There’s happy, techno music and many platforms below us to dance on. There are a lot of tiny, happy lights. Is that a disco ball? Nice people here. One fellow buys me a Cosmopolitan, and it’s good.
My girl/woman stands over a railing, looking down on barren platforms that move in disco lights. Must be a slow night. I stand next to her, dazzled by all these lights. She’s pretty…looks a little saddened by some mysterious problem. I touch the small of her back and she says, quite suddenly: “No, I don’t like that. Not here.” 
I catch my breath.
Yeesh. I was just trying to be romantic.
I retreat to the bar and hope some fool buys me another drink.
Doesn’t happen.
That night we argue in the kitchen: Trust me, love me, free me, have make-up sex with me.
I’m growing increasingly afraid of her. Does she love me, really? One day I’m going to get hurt in a bad way, I can feel it. 
Watch out.


2 Years Later...

I open my eyes: The girl has vanished – thank the Lord. Taki is here with his friends (their faces are blurred – as if I’m looking through some cheap JVC camera). I stand and make my way into the bathroom, eyes low to the crazy ground. CORNER OF EYES: The dance floor is empty, save for lone dancer male. Is he dancing, or having a vertical seizure?
BATHROOM.
Man pisses...I make my way to the urinal...so close now...BURST OF NAUSEA RUNS UP MY BELLY AND INTO MY BRAIN.
Uh oh. I’m falling.
Darkness.
Voices, distant.
“Hey hey glasses wake up water....”


***

Smell something familiar, stimulates memory…something from the past comes into my mind, something I read: Cat's urine glows under a black-light. 
Freezing wet tiles on my cheek. 
Stink of urine around sides of my mouth.
I’m lifted up.
I hope my black shirt’s not wet. It is, all around the right side. It better be water. My face is in the sink, hands helping me. Water blasting: Cold...splashed onto my face.
“Are you okay?”
For some reason, I mumble:
“…xoowh…my name is Bomb…qiff-93-yaw…my name is Rrrrr…daoc-super 3-a….” (or did I just think it?)
There’s a popping sound in my ears – feet dancing on bubble wrap.
Sledgehammer punk is at my side, splashing water continuously into my face and repeating: “Are you sure, are you sure, are you sure?” I think: Please Lord, pound him with the Fist of God. Someone hands me my glasses (I don’t put them on) and I hear fats say, “Sorry, dude, but you gotts ta go.” He sounds genuinely concerned. I head outside...and…they’re following me, aren’t they? (no) And judging me, and eyeing me out, giving me the stiff one-eye: Staring at meeeeeeee!!!! (no, no one’s following you)
Where’s Taki? Keep walking...don’t make eye contact with anyone. A few years from now, no one will remember this.
Really? 
No.
Fireworks go off over my shoulder, and I’m shook-up for a good 3 seconds. Where’s the fuckin car? Taki’s car? I don’t see it. What time is it? Don’t wait for him, boy. Take the bus.
I’m a good length away from the club. Good. I sit at the bus stop and get up abruptly and vomit on a fence. I’m impressed by the volume of my regurgitation. I feel sooo much better. I smile at myself, and nod my head in approval. I hope passing cars don’t honk at me and laugh. I’m at the wrong bus stop. I cross the street to the other one, and lay back and close my eyes. My head isn’t spinning anymore. Think back on bathroom: Feelings of anger. I know that everything happens for a reason. This is no exception. All proper emotions...much to learn from this. And what did I learn? Trust your gut. I shouldn’t have gone out after that movie: I should’ve gone home, home, home. I’m really angry with that one guy. I hate feeling this way. What kind of human being feels so much anger toward a fellow human? A bad one. I’m bad. I’m bad and ugly and disgusting and disgusted at myself and so very skinny that my mum makes fun of me and looks at me in repulsion many times when I walk past her while she watches the Filipino channel. My eye hurts. Is there a pebble inside?? It really hurts. I cry, which is the body’s natural way of washing out unwanted articles.
There must be some kind of nodule under my eyelid. I bet it’s because of that damn weed. I should check my medical dictionary when I get home.
My bus arrives. I go in and lean against a window, covering tears of extreme PAIN due to my shit eye. Must be around 4am, since buses don’t start up ‘til around this time. I take the long walk home and lay in bed, praying that my eye will feel better in the morning. 


“Broken Surfboards & Ugly Rent”

HOLLYWOOD HAS FED you a major lie. Hawaii has fed you a major lie. We don’t all surf. We don’t all enjoy wearing slippers. We don’t all live in the North Shore. I was born & raised here and I’ve never even BEEN to that side of the island.
What many humans across the globe don’t know is that Honolulu, the heart of Oahu, is a city with a taste for the modern and the sophisticated and the glam.
I wouldn’t be surprised if many still think we have goddamn volcanoes everywhere that go off in a panic every 5 seconds.
People are ignorant. They’re told what to expect of us and they don’t ask questions for some disturbing reason. It’s because they want to believe the fantasy, I’m sure. Believe in The Fake Hawaii. Yay.
And the majority of Hawaii is happy with it, seeing how we feed off the tourists. So nothing changes. They’re happy with how things are. Just fine and dandy. Because it’s what humans all over the wonderful world want, right? They want to believe this dribble. They see the postcards, the commercials of women dancing in grass skirts. They want to come to a paradise that’s away from the computers and the automo-biles and the “Interweb” and every fancy doodad and nasty, dagnabbit contraption. Like automatic doors.
This is why the typical tourist visits here, wearing irritating-to-see, rattan hats and unflattering shorts. But what they see are kids dressed as gangsters and old people wearing Gucci and little girls carrying Toki Doki bags. “Yeesh,” they think, unbuttoning their Hawaiian shirt. “Why does it feel like I never left home?”
Oahu has always been modern…up with the times.
There are plans for a monorail.
Rent is skyrocketing up the ying-yang.
The bus has jacked up the fare for adults from $1 to $2, and complain about how their jobs are more “dangerous” than cops'. Very good. I’ve yet to see a bus driver stop a speeding bullet with a dive. Driving a bus more dangerous than being a cop? 
The island is changing.
I look around today and see five construction cranes all huddled together. More condos. More people. More cars. Possible monorail (which won’t solve the traffic problem…won’t take the CARS off the roads).
Hollywood and Hollywood Hawaii can’t live the lie for very much longer. Soon the world will see Oahu as it really is: A mini-version of Cali. Or, and this is just my wish, a mini-version of Japan. God, I love that place. 
For now, outsiders will see Oahu like they see Rednecks. In any case, if one still desires for the good ol’ days…there’s always Maui.
For now. 


“Shite Darts”

I WAKE UP. It’s 3 in the evening. I don’t work today at the coffee company. Good. My eye still hurts, but it’s getting better. I check my caller ID. Taki didn’t call. Might as well. I wouldn’t call me either.
There’s a mysterious number on the caller ID. Uh oh. Did I give my number out last night? Hope not. Sheesh. If YES, then I hope it was to someone whose ying yang hasn’t gone topsy turvy. 
Whoever this strange caller is, called 25 times. Warren and I take the #1 bus to Honolulu Community College. During lunch I wait for him outside the library.
I’m not sure, but I think the chubby girl from last night walks past, dressed in black. Should I say hi? She did stick her tongue in my ear. 
Naw. 
Doubt she even remembers me. We make eye contact. Then she looks away, not seeing anything of interest. I suddenly feel pathetic. Did I take my St. John’s Wort this morning for my Social Anxiety Disorder? Think so. To feel better, I remind myself that I have friends. 
I wanna go back to that dingy Goth club. Not sure why. Guess it seems like a haunted house: I might find something exciting. 
Besides, I might find something interesting on the ground, like a used condom or a dead crab or nasty panties or a troll or maybe even forgotten weed. If I did, I’d smoke it alone in my room: In a controlled environment, haha.
I’d be safe, exploring the club during the day.
There’ll be no one there. 
They only use the place every once in a good while (I think every other Friday, or something like that). 
Hmm…where’s Warren? 
Sure is taking a long time. Maybe he’s making friends with that graphic design teacher, the one we call Mr. Rogers. I hope he didn’t get in the middle of a fight with his goofy school chums: A tall black guy and a Japanese husky guy. I don’t know why they can’t just get along. How hard is it to just chill out? Last time our Japanese pal got so mad at our black photographer friend that he punched a wall…came back the next day with a cast and everything. Pity, the things children do.
I check my watch, which I keep in my bag and never wear because it just hangs off my thin wrist, embarrassed of me. Where is he? Maybe class dragged on a bit.
Better check if he’s okay. Besides, I might walk past an attractive schoolgirl.
So I walk to the design building to greet him, and as I do so, I feel eyes on me. And I start to get the Fever: Are those girls, sitting on that bench, looking at me? They laugh. Are they laughing at ME now? Grr… I don’t know! 
Silence, brain, silence.
Brain: Ok, ok, can I at least smoke a cigarette later?
Me: “That’ll do, pig. That’ll do.”
A janitor, riding a golf cart full of trash cans, stops suddenly and all the trash cans go flying out. The girls scream in a laughing way and scurry off, just watching and whispering as the smiling janitor cleans his filth.
I look away and take a step…and walk into a wall. Is someone crying? It’s the chubby girl from the other night (or this morning). She says she remembers me. I ask if she’s okay. She goes into a long story of how her mum scolded her when she got home. When she jumped in the shower, she noticed there were hickies all over her left arm – from the shoulder down to her pinky.
Did I do that, I thought?
Gross me out.
She proceeds with her tale:
Then her mum found an Aspirin bottle full of weed and all Hades broke ass. Her mum turned into a werewolf and kicked at the stove and broke it. The oven door fell off. She picked it up and spanked her daughter with it…slow, heavy hits cutting the air – woosh woosh.
This Japanese mother, who can’t speak English very well, was shrieking, “No mo waking up at the crack of ass! No mo waking up at the crack of ass!”
I feel for the girl.
Beware the Japanese temper.
Aside from boyfriends that bruise their girlfriends (or vice versa), the one thing I will not tolerate is a parent that attacks their child. That’s a nono in my book-o.
When she tells me that her mum ran into the room crying and whipped out ye old samurai sword, I flip – my mouth just hits the grass, like WOMP.
I repeated what she said for dramatic effect.
“She got out the family blade? That’s heinous.”
Her mum attacked her. Chased her daughter with it. They both ran through the house – up and down the place – shrieking hideousities. Upstairs, the daughter jumped into the baby room and locked herself in the bathroom while her infant sister, House, cried on a dead mechanical baby-swing.
The mum kicked the door down. She chopped down the bathroom door in 2 amazing blows and the daughter retreated to the bathtub, barking like a dog to try and scare her away.
As punishment for being “disobedient” and weird, this mother cuts her back. Chubby girl turns around lifting her shirt and shows me and the sight makes me want to cry. She says that she needs my help. I ask her, “What do you need?” 
She wants to runaway to her cousin’s apartment, near Waipahu Racquet, but she has to go home first to get some clothes. She’s afraid to go there alone. There’s a good chance that the mum will be home, seeing how she doesn’t work and lives on government checks because she got injured on the job, working as a phone operator at Sprint.
I look at my watch.
We’re on Dillingham right now.
She lives behind Kalakaua Intermediate. 
Warren should be out soon. 

The housing behind the school is silent. The sun blasts. When she jiggles the key into the lock, panic sets in. What am I doing? Am I drunk?
I should turn around right now!
So we sneak into the place and go up into her bedroom where she throws her stuff into a garbage bag. As we leave and reach the middle of the stairs, we see the mum below us, sword in hand.
She has crazy eyes.
She says something to her daughter in a very snake-like way, in Japanese, softly. She spits on the ground. The daughter answers in English, “I can do what I want, Mommy. I’m an adult. I’m 16.”
The mum’s face turns sad and wrinkles and tilts a little as she makes a scary whining sound.
Then she whispers a word that I do understand: “Baka,” which means idiot. The frightening thing is that she’s looking at me when she says it.
The mum SHRIEKS a samurai’s shriek and runs up the stairs in little, quick steps – sword tailing behind her. We run back up. I trip and fall. Chubs grabs the back of my shirt and picks me up with one hand, throws me into the air and onto the landing. I belly-slide over the wooden floor and SLAM into a wall like a bowling ball screaming through a strike.
I can see into the baby room.
The child is sleeping on the swing, drooling. Only this time the swing is working.
Mother & daughter run toward each other – screaming while not avoiding a single step on the staircase. They mum swings the sword down on this chubby girl. Chubs is quick as a cat. She flies her hands up and slaps her palms around the blade, holding it inches from her brow. The mum pushes down, face nuts. They twirl, both of them holding onto the sword. Someone takes a wrong step and they both take a little tumble down the stairs and roll right out the open door. The sword flies out of their hands and spins through the air and lands into the grass with a SHEENK, swaying back and forth. The sun – as if on cue – screams out from behind a cloud. The street is busy. Mother and daughter have a kick fight and a fist parade on the front lawn.
The police arrive. I suppose, as I watch the fight in awe, that someone heard all the screaming and phoned the fuzz.
I yell out, “Jiggers, the fuzz!”
Mum and daughter cry as they fight. The mum punches her daughter on the cheek and it sounds like a loud, wet slap.
Before the Honolulu Police Department can even get out of their fancy black Mustangs, the mum does a baseball dive for the sword. All of a sudden, HPD moves like God pressed fast-forward on his remote control.
The mum waves the sword at them and says something nasty in Japanese. The cops – two Japanese men, a white woman, and a string-bean Filipino male – try to calm the lady down, holding out their hands and saying sweet things to her. 
The white officer offers her candy and begs her forth. The skinny Filipino cop tells the Japanese cops to talk to the nuts-O, but they shrug and don’t know how to speak Japanese.
The chubby daughter begs her mum to calm down. I hold her back, away from the bad news bears.
The mum makes the error of taking a swing at the fuzz, and they all take out their guns and shoot her in the kneecaps. She goes down with an “Aieeeeeeeee!” and they wrestle the old cuffs on her. 
Everyone’s yelling something to someone.
Onlookers clap.
Many cars have pulled over, holding up traffic to watch, sitting on their car hoods, sipping sodas and chatting on cell phones. I can feel the Camera flying away, pulling back to reveal the scene as we Fade to Black and the credits roll over classical music…

When the police take the chubby girl and her mum away, I’m already gone – snaked away from the scene during the wild mess.
I make it a point with myself to hightail it back to HCC and meet with Warren. Can't be late. He hates that.
I step into the elevator and go to the 3rd floor. There’s a girl standing with me in this yellow painted elevator.
She’s ugly.
I mentally punch myself in the gut for thinking such evil thoughts. 
The elevator opens and I walk down the cold hallway. The walls are lined with “Art” behind glass, of handprints and abstract blots. I pick up a discarded newspaper off the floor – The Honolulu Advertiser – and read the headline.

THE DOLPHIN MASTERS STRIKE AGAIN!

Apparently, there are these Save The Dolphins! enthusiasts, The Dolphin Masters. They believe that tourists AND local people pollute the oceans and aid in the purposeful extermination of all dolphins. They believe that THEY’RE the reincarnation of dolphins, and that humans are simply jealous of their large brains. A criminal psychologist on the morning news once said, “The worst thing we can do is underestimate them. They may be plotting a world-wide takeover, for crying out loud.”
Today – in the wee moon hours of the morning – they jumped a young couple carrying surfboards, hitting them with electric guitars. Witnesses say the same bizarre thing in identifying these horrible people:
“They were wearing these bright blue, full-body dolphin costumes…”
Yeesh.
These people are worst than the Mirovingian Vampires that prowl the streets at night in Waikiki, sucking people’s gore. 
I don’t think I’ll come back next semester. I like the class – love the cool teacher – but I feel like I’m wasting my time. I could be working on my writing. That feels much more productive. The problem is that I KNOW what I want to do with my life. No need to take class after class, hoping for a revelation of my future. I know what I want. Which can also be a problem. Because you end up not wanting to do anything else. It’s not that you’re lazy. You just would focus on your craft – what you love – and work hard at it – rather than working a 9-5 job folding clothes and getting spat on by customers from the mainland.
Warren’s class is silent.
It’s dark inside.
It’s a computer room. The monitors all look like portals to some bright, happy dimension. I can her Mr. Rogers yapping, saying something about “layers” and “RGB” and “pasting”. Is he talking about new birth control methods? I realize that he’s talking about the photo-editing program Photoshop. My ears hurt from all the technical talk. I’ve neglected using the Left side of my brain for so long now.
I see Warren sitting near the door, almost spilling out into the hallway. He sits with his head resting on his palm, other hand moving the mouse around in tiny circles. Why does he put himself through this shite? It’s always hard for me to watch: Heartbreaking, even.
That’s it.
I’m not coming back next semester.
Warren and I meet up with his father in the parking lot, and he takes us to our dart competition, at a bar across the street called Se LeVi. Being in a dart league does nothing for my self-esteem. Each time I miss a target, each time I miss a bull’s eye, I can feel the eyes of my captains, Warren & Dave, whipping my spine with thick wet noodles.
And it hurts like a mother.
It’s always the same. You see the same people. Samoans and Hawaiians laughing so loud, glass breaks and wood splinters. Team members call each other assholes if one of them misses an important throw, and bitches if they DO hit something! And that’s just the women.
It’s all in good fun.
As long as you’re drunk.
I once tried flirting with one of our competitors. She was older, and taken by another (one of the best – but not much liked – dart players).
This was at another bar, Emerald City, across from the Neal Blaisdell Center Concert Hall – here you can see Wrestling shows and Opera and concerts. I saw Metallica there once. Good times, especially when people you don’t know hand you hard liquor. 
She was sitting at the bar, singing karaoke, and I would’ve made my move…but I was too drunk. Instead, I would speed-walk occasionally into the restroom and puke something awful into the toilet. Later, as Warren’s dad drove down the freeway at 12 in the morning, I threw up in the back-bed of his red pickup truck. But I didn’t want my hideous filth all over his truck, so I puked in my hands, and then tossed the mess overboard and onto passing cars. There was a puddle on the back-bed, so I smeared it here and there because I thought that would help it dry up quicker. 
This is how I play darts.
These are my league nights.
Really, I come here to drink and take shots of whatever whenever, because I wanna be a part of the Laugh Pack. Just not too many 151 shots, please, oh please.
I am relieved each night it’s over. These things usually go on for 2-3 months, with us playing once a week on Thursdays (note: Nowadays, the other guys play 3-4 times a week). I love darts but I loathe playing in leagues! I don’t like being told when to do things. I wanna play when I feel like it. I can’t take the stress of competition. I can’t play, I say, okay? No way! 
But there are good nights, though. This one happened AFTER a darts night:
To cheer me up, a pal (who shall remain nameless, and who hates me now because I’m an idiot) and I hop into his truck and drive to DHV. It looks like your ordinary video store, but step inside, my friend, and walk to the right, for here there be much porn, indeed. 
The first thing that hits me is how bright the place is. It’s a rat maze of porn. A labyrinth. I expect to cut a corner and see David Bowie playing with a tiny, crystal ball.
I have never been here before, and I am shocked by the quantity – yet impressed by the quality of the products. Equally surprising, is the amount of Adult Cinema knowledge my friend has. He’s like the freakin’ scholar of porn. He knows exactly what he wants, and exactly where to go. I, on the other hand, find myself a tad uncomfortable. I see a young couple “reading” the back of a DVD box. They look at me – I quickly turn away and look at some crazy box covers. The couple walks past me, laughing. Are they laughing at me?! WHY? It’s because I look 14, I know it! Well, I’m not! I’m 25! Bastids.
I don’t want to be with people here.
Alone time, please.
I wish I had donkey eyes. The placement of a donkey's eyes enables it to see all four of its feet at once. If I had that super power, I could see anyone laughing at me behind my back. And I’d whip around and point and go AHA! Laughing at me, are you??
To relax, I find much entertainment while browsing the titties – I mean titles – on DVD covers: Blacks on Blonds, Browns on Yellows, MILFs, Zoo MILFs, Midgets on Acid, Vagina Wars, Toilet Babies, Japanese Screamers, Paranoid Creamers, Fart Eaters, Golden Showers, I Eat Doodoo, Old Couples (eww…), The Anorexic Playground, One in The Pink – One in The Stink, Touch my Tofu, Mothers & Daughters, My Ass is Haunted, Vomit Tryouts, Animal Fantasies….
One title that sticks to my mind in particular is Mother Makes my Entrance Wider with Devices.
I walk into the animal fantasies section and back up like a warehouse truck, “Beep beep beep”. I pick up a VHS. The cover is black. I hold it in my hands. Don’t turn it over. Don’t do it, son, you’ll regret it! I close my eyes and flip the box over. I’ll open my eyes very – oh so very! – slowly. If I see a hint of anything disgusting that’ll turn my eyes black, I’ll put it away.
So I open my eyes so very slowly and…
…see nothing but yellow.
So the front of the VHS is black while the back is yellow. Very mysterious. But also very good news for me. I don’t want to see any kind of animal sex. Ha! Although, it was exciting expecting to see it. That, I’ll never understand. Why do I want to see something I DON’T want to see? 
Meh! 
To be human. 
I explore the area further. I see panties that you can eat, as well as condoms; dildos ranging from the size of a pinky to the size of an arm; candy shaped as you-know-whats; and underground magazines from The Honolulu Mongoose to Fat Girls Urinating Local Style. I bypass the homosexual area by putting my hand to the side of my face, and come to a long line. 
It’s an autograph session…for someone named Diamond Head. 
Hmph, I say under my breath. Must be a local porn star. 
Because I don’t have my glasses on, I have to squint to get a good look at her “features”. I’d walk to the front of the line, but I’m afraid of angering all these women – Yessm, that’s right, women. It’s been said that women purchase more pornography than men. They all seem anxious, and I don’t want them mad because I don’t want my piss blown in. One of the women looks over her shoulder and tells the lady behind her that she just creamed her undies, she’s so excited.
I turn so I can find my pal and tell him the news, when suddenly there’s a ruckus. A woman with a heavy pigeon (local) accent raves.
“I no understand why you gotta come to my island and try dominate. Why you no can stay in Maui? I get kids, too, you know! I gotta support my family! And feed my kids foods!”
Her friend backs away, fearful. “No, Tasty, no. Not like this.”
The other women circle Diamond Head, as if to protect her from any sudden movements made by dear Tasty. The porn star stays in her seat, hands folded neatly on the table. I can see that some of the women already have fists for hands. Diamond Head SLAMS HER HAND ON THE TABLE – all jump back in awe.
“DON’T CHALLENGE ME!”
For a second Tasty is shocked. She then gets herself together and jabs a stick-like finger into Diamond’s chest.
“You goat.”
Diamond grabs her hair and the two go at it gorilla style – banging into the walls and making a mess – the other women cheer and hoot and hiss and spit. My pal stands over my shoulder, his face nothing but two wide eyes. People are screaming behind the walls of porn, “Emergency! Emergency!” The women are knocking down whole walls, hands on throats, kicking each other in the gut. Diamond had those pointy, metal heels and kicked with her eyes shut tight with rage.
Blood guns out from under Tasty’s dress and splats on the floor. They both fall and I can see a large purple gash in Tasty’s upper thigh.
An autographed copy of Diamond Head’s new DVD slides to my feet. Its title is “Who’s Eating Gilbert’s Ass-Grapes?” Starring Diamond Head, MangoGO, BJ Simpson, Braddah Kimo, Tuna Girl, and Cabbage Inside. A security guard rushes in laughing and separates the two. 
Tasty is furious.
“ROAAAAAR!”
She reaches under her skirt and flings a handful of yellow in Diamond’s face. The security guard takes the girls away, proudly.
My pal buys what he needed (3 DVDs at $29.99 each) and we both have a good laugh in the truck. Then we speak about darts and I tell him how much I hate it now. I’m in a slump. I use to be good – not really good – but good enough. Now I can’t even throw a fit. What the F’s the matter with me? I can’t clear my mind. My brain is so polluted with filth that I’m throwing tuna. My dart games are a mess. I see better games in my stool. 
My Team: Warren, Dave, Me, Barry, and Warren’s girlfriend, Janet. They’re all getting better. Improving. 
I have access to the best advice from all the grand masters on the island. One of the grand masters, at Scores, tried to help me. He changed my throw and everything – “Throw faster,” “Stand this way” – and it fucked me up like something weird. I’m hopeless. Not even a grand master blaster can release the pressure. Not even the Dart God can resurrect my game from the Darts Graveyard.


“The Black Building”

THE SUN’S PUNCHY. The street’s busy and yelling. What time is it now? 2:3o pm. Work was easy. Hopefully, I can save enough money to go skydiving. Once I do that, I can rest with the dead. Crash & Burn. Fall & Bounce. The End.
When I die I want my funeral to be outdoors, and I want the theme song from The Exorcist playing in the background on a loop and on a large television screen shall play my favorite movie/book Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas. My friend Brandy will tell everyone to stand and do a handstand because I think handstands are funny and everyone will do it because I’m dead and they feel bad.
I wish to be put into a coffin made of crystal and shaped like an amazing penis. It shall be lowered vertically, via crane, into the vagina-disguised grave, then raised, then lowered again, then raised again. This goes on for an hour, while everyone – still doing handstands – hops about here and there.
I stand outside the gothic stronghold, this black building – I don’t even know what it’s called. I thought it was Nortuary. I think it’s actually Galaxy. 
Tourists walk past.
Why must they always be walking clichés? DON’T wear kaki shorts/DON’T wear rattan hats/DON’T put on layers of coconut lotion (I hate it!) 5 inches thick. And please, oh please, put your loud ass, spoiled, CRYING, younglings on a leash! Strap on those mouth cover-ups that they put on crazy mental people, like Anthony Hopkins.
Why do you tourists wear all that shite anyway? Is it any more comfortable than dressing good and looking attractive?
I wipe the sweat from my brow.
Cars: “Honk-honk!”
Trucks: “Beep-Beep!”
Crosswalk signal: “Click click click!”
(You see, I don’t know how it is in other parts of the world, but in Hawaii, our signals click to inform the deaf that it’s ok to cross; actually, in Japan it’s more creative: Their crosswalks play a cute little tune!)
I see a person dressed as Batman, sitting at a bus stop. He is wearing slippers, and he smells like a bum. We make eye contact and I look away quick as a cat because I’m shy.
Half hidden behind a long fence that’s covered by a ratty black cloth, the black building looks so out of place – tucked away from the law offices and convenient stores and the Hawaii Convention Center and the Hard Rock Cafe. There are some trees loitering behind the little black building. Waikiki’s not so far off from here. I might walk there later at night and oogle at the pretty Japanese tourists.
I begin planning my day: Check out Black Building. Go to Hawaiian Brian's (a video arcade/pool hall/darts place) and work on my dart game with my other dart friends (who my main dart friends hate). Sheesh! Can’t we just get along?
Also, there’s someone there that I like, so that’s a plus. So she’s seeing someone else. Is it a crime to at least see her, I ask you? As you can see, I feel guilty for thinking this way. But that ain’t gonna stop me - Ha!
I walk past the shitty fence. It’s weird seeing the building so empty. It looks so dead. There are some of those giant spool/tables and bundles of extension cord. No cars; no people. Nothing else but a light coconut-lotion scent hangs in the air.
I look around and, stepping over a diaper, walk to the door. 
It’s unlocked. 
I look around again…and open it.

The first thing that hits me is the stench of lemon – some kind of thick air freshener. You can still smell out the alcohol underneath it, though. I cough, hand over mouth.
Lint floats in the air. I wave it all away and walk deeper. I remember their policy: You can’t bring water, but you can bring beer. 
It’s so stupid. 
Things were on the floor: Batteries, a few empty bottles of Zima, paper balls that people with weak ears put in their…ears. 
The deeper I go, the darker it gets. I swing my backpack around and zip it open, taking out my tiny, red flashlight that you can attach to a set of keys.
This is exciting. I’ve always wanted to be an explorer. As a wee one I had dreams of being an archaeologist – unlocking the mysteries of the pyramids and digging up talking, still-rotting and still-screaming Mayan skeleton heads. Better to go to the Pyramids of Giza, though, surely.
But we all know that Aliens built them, right? That they came down and created us out of an all-female species to make slaves that dug up their ever so precious gold – gold to save their dying planet. This is all true. Hands down. It’s in the bible – just disfigured after centuries of translations. The bible is a freak baby of a thousand fathers. 
The bible is Freddy Krueger realized.
My heart races.
Ah! The thrill of discovery.
Now I know how Harrison Ford feels.
I see that I’ve come to the bathroom and gently squeak open the door.
My tiny beam of light bounces off the white urinals. Splash. There’s a flopping sound, coming from the...
...bathroom stall.
I freeze.
Someone’s here besides me.
Time to leave.
Or is it?
Might not even be a person. I mean, who makes a flopping sound, anywho? 
I bend over and look under the closed stall.
No feet.
Feeling a bit more secure, I walk to the stall and open the door, slowly, with my foot, the red light shaking in my wet, cold hand. The door knocks against the wall with a soft thud.
The flopping sound ceases.
The toilet is a mess. Whoever used it last was surely going to hell. I aim the light at it. The lid is down, of course. Using my favorite tool (my foot), I lift it open – ready for any HEAVY stench of the Devil.
The flopping starts up again – in a mad FRENZY. Whatever’s in there is psychotic. I look in, and see something that’s not a goldfish (which is what I thought it would be). It’s the state fish, a Humuhumunukunuku Apua'a. I look in closer. It freezes. My light brings its eyes to a glow. Poor thing. At least the water looks “clean”. Should I call the humane society, or something? Can’t just leave it here like this. What if it’s claustrophobic? What if it’s a lover from a past life? Oh, God. That’s it! Must be.
Should I put it out of its misery and, oh I don’t know…flush??
There is a moaning sound.
A woman.
Ok. Time to go – seriously!
I run out from the bathroom on hushed tippy-toes.
The moaning is louder. But it sounds wrong: Fake, electronic.
Then I hear a goat “Bleep”.
I stop in my tracks. 
Interested, I follow the sounds.
As I turn a corner and walk down a dark hallway, the sounds of the moaning lady and goat come together and form a picture that makes me gag. Wind creeps in and my light cuts through so much floating lint. The closer I get, the more electronic the voice becomes. I turn another corner and come to a doorless room, painted black. Glowing stars are pasted everywhere. What’s lighting them? They must be battery operated. I search the room with my tiny light. There is no furniture. In the middle of the room stands a goat. It jumps back, belly jiggling. It stares at me, wild-eyed.
I’m born in the year of the Sheep, which means that I’m pessimistic and lazy, yet imaginative and lucky. I will live forever, happily, with a Rabbit or Pig.
We’ll see about that.
I walk closer to the goat. It doesn’t move. Something is strapped around its body: A fat, leather belt with a tape recorder. The goat smells good, like fresh, massacred lemons.
The voice on the tape moans and moans. I reach over and turn it off.
But the moaning is still here.
It’s coming from behind me. I shine the light into a gloomy corner…to find a mannequin sitting on a stool, straight-backed, hands on its lap, under a dripping pipe. My light is dying. It pops in & out on the dummy’s face. 
“Just like in the movies,” I say to myself. 
The dummy has large holes for its eyes, nose, and mouth. I walk over to it and can tell immediately that the sound is coming from inside. The moans come out shaky and wavy, like a tape that has been recorded on one too many times. The moans are in reverse I notice, each moan ending on a high note, like a whine when someone gets pinched. I shine my dimming light down its throat. There’s the strong smell of burning hair. To hell with it, I think. Why even bother? There’s nothing for me here. Time to get a Chilly Cheeseburger! 
The goat cries out.
It moves forward a little and stops.
There’s a rattling sound.
Someone tied a chain around the poor beast’s leg. I go over to it and fiddle with the chain, my light in my mouth.
“Poor beast.”
There is no lock – whoever did this simply made a thick (and sore) knot. It takes me a minute to untie the beast, but once I do, it kicks at me and runs out the room, weeping. I run after it for some reason. I can hear it trotting through the dark and hitting the walls.
I jump out the front entrance and into the BLAZING sun. The goat runs onto the sidewalk and scares some Russian tourists who start chasing after it. The animal makes the rookie mistake of rushing onto the street.
A #2 bus headed for Waikiki HONKS and screeches its heavy brakes, but it’s too late. The goat is hit and amazingly explodes. I jump back and yell, “EXPLOSION!”
Its insides are run over by cars and trucks and jeeps and bicyclists – all swerve past the three, scary, large skin bags of meat that were once the goat. I run up to the bus to get a better view of the remains (why do I do this, when I know I’ll be disgusted?). 
I look at the remains and I am sick.
The bus driver, a young woman with tanned skin, jumps out and hurries to the front of the bus. The passengers all walk out from the bus and stand around in a group: Old Chinese and Filipino people, a doctor in blue O.R. scrubs, 5 Canadian girls just out from private school, and a British muscleman in a tight yellow shirt.
The bus driver turns to me in a panic.
“What happened! What happened! What happened! What happened! What happened! What happened! What happened! What happened! What happened!”
I struggle not to stutter.
“It was a ga-ga-ga-goat!”
“Where did it come from? Sweet Jesus! Oh Jesus, you’re so sweet! It came out from nowhere! I believe it!”
I point to the black building.
“From there!”
“That place is nothing but trouble! I hate it so much right now!”
The driver then stares at the stew of hair and blackish goop that’s painted on her bus. Cars race by angrily. I make eye contact with a passing weener dog in a pink Beatle. The bus driver walks away – takes three wobbly steps and stands still. 
She pulls at her hair in a crazy way.
“Oh, NO! It’s so horrible! Dear God, why do you do this to me?? God, I need this job! Goddamn you!”
I want to say something to help, but I’m afraid she’ll tell me to shut up and mind my own business. She hangs her head and cries, loudly. 
The group of passengers – one by one – walk away. All except for the British muscleman. He stands there, crying and nodding his head. He then flexes his arms to tourists as if in a competition. They go “Ohhh” and snap pictures of his muscular bits.
The bus driver falls to her knees, puts her hands to her face. 
Without thinking, I walk over and pet her head.
The dark mess slides from the front of the bus and plops to the ground. I get close to her. She puts her head against my shoulder, and sighs.
Cars fly by and honk.
We embrace.


“I am the Boa constrictor”

WE’RE DRIVING in her car. I’m in the passenger’s seat, sneaking quick glances at her. After the accident, the police wagon soon arrived and we both told the story about the goat. Later, the mental wagon arrived and chased after the British muscleman.
As we sat in the ambulance, wrapped in orange blankets with oxygen masks over our mouths, she says she would like me to keep her company throughout this ordeal: She just moved from Utah and had no friends/she wanted a drinking partner/she wanted someone to watch her car as she went into the bus station and spoke with her manager.
I agreed to help, and then we were let go.

The bus station is noisy. As I sit in the car, waiting for her, I start to picture in my mind a little movie: Us standing before that damaged bus and mangled goat. The animal is singing to us with its bloody face, staring at us as we kiss, passionately. It winks at us in approval. Aww, cute!
I open my eyes and exhale.
Ants are on the dashboard – marching down into the glove compartment. I open it and fifty used tampons SPRING out. I panic to catch them, and I have to force each one back in the glove compartment like some kind of odd puzzle. I think nothing of it, for I’ll never understand women and their barbaric rituals. On the floor, just under my seat, is the holy bible. I pick it up and notice that there’s another copy right behind it – and behind that, yet another copy.
It begins to rain outside. The palm trees circling the station begin to sway. The cotton clouds in the blue sky snail toward the ocean. My window is rolled down just a tad: The wind whistles into the car a merry tune.
Natalie is her name, and as she walks toward the car, I can see her breasts jiggle a bit. I bite my tongue and extinguish all perverted thoughts because I don’t want to go to hell. Humans think of sex every 15 seconds, and yet my Catholic upbringing and respect for others makes me feel guilty.
Damn to be human.
She opens her door and sits behind the wheel, crying. She says…
“I have been fired!”
…and SLAMS the door shut.
I jump back in my seat. She gives out a quick GROAN and throws her back against the seat over and over in an insane temper tantrum. I want to say something comforting. Should I put my arm around her? What if she yells out in disgust and bites my hand? Will I vomit? 
She starts the car and we take off onto the freeway.
She drives down at such an amazing speed, that I fear we might go back to the future. Cars blur by in loud, short bursts of air: PHIT! PHIT!  
We say nothing to each other. 
Her eyes are watery – tears leaving wet marks on her blue jeans.
Fifteen minutes later we’re in Tantalus – a mountain decorated with white spots of rich houses. The kind of houses you find leaning on stilts. They’re frightening to look at. I fear that if there were ever an earthquake, the houses would tumble down. 
Natalie rented out one of these houses.
Yay for me.
We drive up to it and my heart drops: I see my own gruesome death as I fall fall fall into a giant coffin that busts into flames because of my damned luck. She says that the house belongs to a doctor friend, and that she could stay until he comes back in, oh, five months from Peru. The rent was cheap and she got free cable.
She tells me to make myself at home, so I lay down on the couch, watching as she makes her way into the bedroom. A shower is turned on.
I close my eyes, and fall asleep.
When I wake up, I find the fattest white cat in the world sitting on my lap. It looks at me and opens its mouth.
“Meow.”
I pet behind its ears and open my mouth.
“Meow.”
It’s nighttime already. I hear that the shower is still on. How long have I been out? I stand up and walk to the refrigerator. It’s a fancy place – very clean. I want a place like this. Except not one on stilts. There’s nothing in the refrigerator but five bottles of Budlight and a large frying pan of noodles and a paint brush covered in white paint. I lift up the cover and finger a noodle. Mmm…not bad. I wonder what else there is to eat. Maybe I’ll find those little marshmallows with apple-flavored goo inside! Mmmm, those things give my mouth an orgasm. The Japanese make them. They used to sell them at Shirokiya, but I can’t find them there anymore. I could ask the people who work there, but I’m shy, and I’m afraid that if I ask they’ll tell me to Scram! 
I go looking around for a plate & fork, opening cabinet after cabinet, and in each one finding piles and piles of magazines called Surgical World. The covers make me sick: Men and women sitting in the nude on cold shiny tables with medical instruments dangling from stretching wounds, kissing and fondling each other. One cover shows a Japanese woman squatting on a surgical table and urinating. Forceps swing from her monster box. She blows the cameraman a kiss.
I make a glass of water and take a breather. Oh my God oh my God…forceps forceps monster box oh my good God.
I don’t ever want to meet the man who owns this house. Gag!
Natalie comes walking out from the bedroom in a pink bathrobe. She glides past me and opens the refrigerator, pulls on the crisper (where you would keep your fruits & vegetables) and takes out a bottle of red wine.
Instantly, I know what the night holds for me. My heart races. Hurray! I haven’t pleasured a woman in almost 5 years. Ho-hum. I wonder if I’ve still got it? 
She holds the bottle up and asks the obvious:
“Thirsty?”
“I…”
She takes my hand and we sit on the carpet, next to a large, sliding door, overlooking the Honolulu city lights. The moon shines in. The floor is very furry, and feels good under my shy feet, which I try to hide by sitting on. Natalie pours our glasses full and she begins to tell me a story, of how her father back home used to own a mannequin factory. Every night, when he came home, he would take Natalie into the basement and force her to videotape him arguing with a different mannequin each night: Some days it would be a female, redheaded mannequin; other days a skinny male. He even brought fake children over. He lit candles thick as thighs all over the place, and even glued birthday candles to his arms and legs and fastened one large fat candle to his forehead. Then he would light each one and dance around while naked and singing “Pieces of Me” by Ashley Simpson.
“I love this song so much right now.”
Once, because it was a special day, on her 20th birthday, he danced around with a lit candle shoved up between his buttocks as his gift to her. He kept asking her to stop crying. “It doesn’t hurt, it doesn’t hurt,” he said. According to him, what he was doing was normal because his mother used to do the same thing when he was her age.
Natalie would cry while videotaping these strange events. Her father would always tell her, “It’s because of you and your mother that I’m doing this. My family has made me into a monster, and its name is Whale. I am Whale The Monster. Pity me for I have a soul of glass.”
He would cry, she tells me. After he argued with these dummies about political issues and the weather, he would fall before Natalie’s feet with his face in his hands, and weep. More than on one occasion did he urinate accidentally, looking up at her with a pathetic expression, moaning, “Not my fault! Not my fault!” 
Then he would stand and wipe away the sniffles, his face changing back to its familiar, sane self.
“Off, Natalie. Off.”
I sit, staring down into my wine, at my wavy reflection. I can’t bear to look at her. I feel embarrassed being here. She says that it’s okay to feel weird, and then she puts her hand on my knee. Something deep inside me tingles.
I decide to look into her eyes, to show how strong I am and try to impress her.
“Where is he now?”
“Dad? I don’t know. One day he just vanished – POOF! Left my mum and me all alone. I had to take care of her all by my lonesome. Boyfriends got so fed up with me. I’d always have to tell them, ‘Sorry, but I gotta be home by this time or that. My mum needs me.’” 
She stands up and faces the moon.
“I must’ve had about…50 boyfriends. And they all couldn’t handle the fact that my mum was my life.”
“Where’s your mum now?”
“In hell, for all I care.”
“What?? I thought you loved your mum.”
“She was my life.”
Natalie put her sweaty hand against the glass, eyes deep in the moon.
“My mother turned into some kind of demonic whale – all adults do at some point in their lives. This is my theory.”
I down the rest of my wine.
“Yessm. Adults can be assholes. I never want to grow up.”
“Let’s stay young together!”
She laughs and jumps down in front of me, holding my hands.
“Let’s never grow up.”
My head begins to spin, and the words come out slurred:
“Yessssm…”
Her face moves up and down. Her mouth opens and her tongue flaps in a crazy way.
“Yalalalalalalala!”
She darts up and dances around the room, her hands cutting the air in little ax-like movements, the fat under her arms jiggling. 
“Yalalalalalalala!”
I lay back and curl into the fetal position. She looks down on me and takes my arms, pulls me up, and carries me like a baby, over her shoulder, into her bedroom.

A ringing sound wakes me up. My eyes hurt. It’s still dark out. My tongue is heavy. I look around the room to find mannequins all over the place. An alarm clock nearby SHRIEKS and BOUNCES on a table. I reach out – head pounding – and slap it silent. It falls to the ground and I don’t bother to pick it up. I find a candy bar with a ribbon tied around it on my pillow. My name is on the ribbon. Milkyway. My favorite. I eat it quickly and I am full and happy.
On average, every chocolate bar contains at least three insect legs. But I don’t care. What sane person does? And where’s Natalie? I make myself still, eyes half open, and listen for any signs of life.
There’s a light “pounding,” what sounds like feet moving around. She must be dancing again. I get to my feet and massage my head. The dummies in the room all seem to be staring right at me. Many of them have no legs. Some torsos poke out from under the bed, arms bent at painful angles. They’re all bald, with painted lips.
I open the door and walk down the hallway, into the living room.
Natalie is on the floor in front of the fireplace, wrestling with a male mannequin. She sees me and yells out, “Help, Rubs! He’s trying to kill me!”
I run up to the thing and pick it up by its neck.
The thing FIGHTS BACK, and HITS me in the belly.
I go “Oomph!” and screech out and fall to the ground next to Natalie. The bald mannequin stands, slowly, with the crackling of wood burning louder, and reels its head up as the shadows of flames dance across its face. It opens its white eyes and looks down on me and I go “Waaaaahhh!” and run away, but Natalie grabs at my foot and I fall hard on my right hip. She crawls after me and begs, “No, no, don’t leave ME! BLAHHHHH!”
I take her hands and drag her away, both of us shrieking into the hallway as the thing runs after us in a wrong way – as if it had no knees. I throw her into the bedroom and I slam the door and lean against it. The mannequin HAMMERS on the door, yelling garbled sentences.
“Flabberhwregjdkj865lkja!exesandohhhhs!”
It’s in an insane nut rage.
Natalie flies onto the bed and throws a fit, fists pounding (and bouncing).
“Whywhywhywhywhywhy?”
I scream at her through all the noise.
“What goes on here? Oh, God!”
She sits up and stares at me as if she’s just seen a ghost.
“I knocked him unconscious! It’s not supposed to be this way! Believe me, Rubs!”
The thing on the other side SHRIEKS.
“Weeeeeeeeeeeee!”
Natalie puts her hands to her ears and yells.
“Ooooooooooooooo!”
I shut my eyes.
“Waaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The mannequin BANGS against the door again, making lusty moaning sounds.
Natalie cries out something long in German that I don’t understand.
“Noch etwas butter, bitte!”
She reaches under the bed and slides out a long, white box. She slaps the cover off and pulls out a large snake. She drapes it over her shoulder and holds it up in triumph and SCREAMS, running toward me. I jump out of the way and the mannequin kicks the door open. I fall into a pile of dummies and watch in horror as Natalie bullwhips the giant snake onto the mannequin, who cries out in terror and falls to the ground like a mad fish out of water.
Natalie jumps down by me and we hold each other, crying, watching as the snake wraps around the mannequin and squeeeeeeeezes the great embrace, biting the left side of the mannequin’s face – from scalp to chin.
There’s a SNAP…
…and the man goes limp with a sigh. 
The snake proceeds to swallow his arm. 
Natalie stands and picks up the long, white box. She takes out some red roses and sprinkles petals over the snake, which looks up to her and falls asleep. She scoops it up and puts it back into its box.
I walk to the door and look down on the mannequin.
The bite mark on its face is a bright, blue lump. The white paint has been smeared, same with the paint on his arm, which the snake had gobbled – now covered in wetness.
In the hallway, the closet door is open.
There are open cans of white paint, and ten used brushes. I look into the bedroom and see the discarded “mannequins” and then I look back to the dead man at my toes.
A sudden shudder torpedoes down my stomach.
I slowly step back from the bedroom.
Natalie says, with her back to me: “I think there’s something wrong with me. I blame my parents. I blame my father. It’s all his fault. They painted me this way.”
I’m already backing away down the hallway. She turns around with tears in her eyes. For a second, I want to help her, to hold her in my arms and say everything’s all right. 
I run through the living room. She walks after me, crying and screaming, kicking holes in the walls.
I jet out the front door and the next thing I know I’m outside, under the blinding moon, walking on the side of the road with my heart pounding in my head.


“Windows”

IT’S TWO IN THE morning. As I walk down the hill, a car pulls up and the woman inside offers to give me a ride. She looks cute (or I guess I should say beautiful, since she’s older), so I accept her offer and get in the car. We drive down the mountain and talk about Natalie. At first, I’m calm, cool, and collected…but as I get deeper into the tale, I lose it and start crying. I could have been seriously injured.
The lady driving me home is Polly.
She had been spying on Natalie the whole night. Polly was her pal, but because Natalie tried to slaughter her, she ended their friendship. 
As we drive up to the Jack in The Box drive-though, I ask if she would tell me her story, and she agrees.
They had been pals since age 6. But four days ago, that all changed. Spending a night at Natalie’s house, Polly woke up standing in the kitchen with no recollection of how she got there. Did she sleepwalk? Last she remembered she was sleeping on the living room couch while Natalie snored in the bedroom.
Her lips hurt, and there were little black curly hairs in her mouth. Her head spun. The living room floor was covered in empty wine bottles and batteries and half-eaten bananas and stuffed animal dolls and so many clean socks. She went over to Natalie’s room and peeked inside. And that’s when she first saw Natalie & The Mannequins.
She was painting someone white – someone who was sitting on the edge of the bed and seemed to be in a deep sleep.
The person was bald and nude – a female by the obvious details Polly could see. Hair was all over the bed. Natalie wore a pink bathrobe, humming while she colored the poor soul a thick white.
Whatever it was looked like plain white paint. The can on the ground had a plain white label. Natalie raised the lady’s stiff arms and they stayed in the air, like a zombie’s. Natalie dipped her brush into the heavy liquid. 
There was a puddle at Polly’s feet: White, the same substance in the can. 
Something distant MOANED.
Polly leaned against the hallway wall, startled. The groan was soft. Polly crouched and looked into the room. Natalie brushed the stranger’s face with the back of her hand.
“Shhhh. Shhhh, child, shhhh.”
The woman had her eyes WIDE OPEN, arms still levitated at shoulder-level. Her lips bubbled.
“Oooooooooooh…”
“Shhh, child, shhhhhhhh. Child.”
“OOOOOOOOO!”
“Child! SHH!”
“O!”
“Shhh!”
Natalie raced her hand between the woman’s thighs and rubbed her to silence. The woman’s eyes shut, arms still up.
Natalie tilted her head as she worked. She pulled her hand out, soaked.
Polly wanted to vomit – it took all her will power to keep the garlic bread at bay. Her knees shook.
She couldn’t move– watching as her dear friend continued to paint this stranger white. Why was she doing this?
Natalie used a remote to turn on the radio, and classical music played, softly. Natalie reached down somewhere and brought up a little pink zipper bag. She opened it and took out a syringe, a pink lighter, a spoon, a little bag of green grass and a little bag of white sand, and an empty soda can.
She put some white on the spoon along with some clear liquid from between the mannequin’s legs and heated it with the pink lighter. She sipped it all up with the syringe and injected the hot mess into the soft underside of the mannequin’s armpits.
Natalie held the empty green can of apple iced tea.
She took out a pen and poked a hole in the center of the can. She put some green over the center hole and put her mouth to the can and lit up the green and inhaled…coughed…and then exhaled into the mannequin’s face, laughing. Then she kissed her on the white lips and smoked some more…coughed some more…and giggled some more.
Polly could see more in the room:
Under the bed were more white things, sleeping in the shadows. She saw white faces – frozen in mid-scream, and they were extreme – almost comical expressions. Against the walls were more of these “mannequins”, except these were broken – lower halves missing – hands clawed, reaching for air. She looked deeper into the room and saw all the painted legs, leaning against a wall. 
Polly’s meal was screaming its way up her throat. Natalie put her hands on the mannequin’s knees, and eased her head between her thighs. Natalie let out soft MMMM’s as she worked, her buttocks grooving up into the air.
The mannequin didn’t move an inch – back arched, face-forward, chest out, arms still up – frozen.
The white thing was staring back at Polly, side-eyeing her with wide, mortified eyes.
Polly GASPED and leaned against the wall, slapping one hand over her lips and one hand to her head, yanking on hair. Polly shook her head violently, crying, emitting a whining sound.
Natalie cheered, child-like, from between the cool thighs:
“Yaaaaaa!”
Polly dry heaved and speed-tiptoed to the kitchen and threw her face into the sink. 
She shoved a middle finger down her throat:
“BRRRRRRAKKKKK!”
No matter how hard you try, you can’t vomit silently. It came out like mud – thudding into the sink, drumming a little tune. Her eyes watered – behind them images of Natalie bringing a mannequin to orgasm like a horizontal fountain. Polly’s belly contracted and the remaining ingredients came rolling forth.
Someone was standing behind her, breathing heavily.
It was Natalie, her eyes sleepy, her upper body swaying from side-to-side.
She looked like giving up.
Something was in her hand….
An electrical handsaw.
Polly took a step back, hands blindly searching the counter for something sharp.
Natalie walked toward her, bringing the saw up and turning it on. Polly caught a shriek in her throat. They tell you that in the remaining few seconds of your life, everything flashes before your watery eyes. But it isn’t so. The truth is, you think of nothing. NOTHING comes to you. It’s all just a blank. You FEEL more than you think. That sense of dread is what fills those watery eyes.
Polly took a step forward and began to plead. But it did no good. Natalie worked the tool, making tiny chopping motions. It was loud – the very vibrations cutting through Polly’s stomach.
Natalie’s eyes were drowsy.
Her footing was clumsy.
Polly had an idea –
NOW OR NEVER!
She gave Natalie a spinning jump kick to the head with a HI-YAA! and headed for the door.
RUSHING STEPS behind her and the loud BUZZZZZZZZZ of the machine.
Polly turned the knob.
Locked.
She turned around just in time to dodge the saw as it ROARED past her face in slow motion and dug into the door.
A neighbor outside yelled, “Shut up!”
People below them hit their ceilings with their brooms.
Natalie chased Polly around and around the living room like a merry-go-round. Polly yelled back:
“HELP! HELP!” – then, remembering that no one responds to Help – “FIRE! FIRE!”
Natalie screamed too, voice shaky as she chased:
“FIRE! FIRE! FIRE HELP! YEEHAWW! TEE-HEE!”
Polly’s legs were giving out – her knees clicked with each step.
She looked over her shoulder. Natalie barked like a dog and underhand-tossed the blaring electrical saw at her. Polly spun out of the way and the tool CRASHED through the large, sliding glass door like booming lightning.
Natalie ran and stuck her head through the hole in the glass, screeching “Sadness!” and clawing after the falling weapon.
AGAINST BLACK: The electrical handsaw spins spins spins through the darkness in slow motion, its buzzing fading away into an echo as a chilly breeze whispers.
Natalie SHRIEKED at Polly and pointed an accusing finger and chased her with outstretched hands into the hallway. Polly ran into a room and SLAMMED the door in Natalie’s face. She POUNDED and KICKED at it. Polly pushed her back against the door and cried out.
“Natalie! Natalie! Natalie! Natalie! Ohh, Natalie!”
Natalie hit her head against the door over and over again. On the 10th blow, her head BLASTED through. She said with a terrified voice on the verge of tears: “God, forgive me for I know what I do!”
Polly yelled out in horror and fell back onto her buttocks, crawling backward.
Natalie turned the knob with her mouth and kicked the door a strong one – turning it into a zillion splinters. Then she stood there in the doorway with her hands high above her head while making threatening bear-like sounds. Polly sat there with her hands to her face and shook her head, furiously.
Something cold fell on her shoulder.
Polly YELPED and looked to see the mannequin lady, looking down at her from the bed with WIDE eyes. Polly cried bloody murder…and bolted up, accidentally tripping on a toy duck (that went “Quack”, depressingly) and fell down again, this time on her face with her arms to her sides.
She could hear Natalie say to the mannequin, as if to scold, “Sidney Australia, you’re supposed to be asleep!”
Then Polly heard another sound – a pathetic sob – “Wrrrrrrr, wrrrrrrrr…” It sounded like a cow drowning in a bathtub.
Polly didn’t move. Maybe Natalie thought she knocked herself out by falling flat on her face. Polly didn’t dare move, listening as Natalie’s feet walked over her.
Then there were odd, slurping sounds. Then cracking sounds, as if Natalie suddenly got hungry for crackers.
There was a strange, ugly smell: like of dead things. And Polly wanted to throw up again. She squinted of happy thoughts – like flowers and naked man-porn.
Natalie began to say things behind Polly’s back: about how much Polly meant to her, how they were such good friends, and how badly Natalie wanted to videotape Polly as she lay there. What she said next shook Polly in the throat. Natalie wanted to do things to her as she lay unconscious.
Polly’s brain screamed RUN RUN RUN, FOOL! 
But she couldn’t move.
Natalie went to the dresser and pulled out a video camera. The camera beeped to life and the little red light on the front popped on. Natalie aimed the camera at Polly, who shut her eyes.
Natalie said something about sex being in everything and placed the camera on Polly’s head. She could feel its gears turning, humming.
The bed squeaked.
From the corner of her eye, Polly saw Natalie rest the mannequin on the ground. She shut her eyes again as Natalie walked over and picked the camera up. Polly watched, cautiously, as Natalie threw down an empty cassette case that was black on one side and yellow on the other. She then popped a tape into the camera and videotaped the mannequin’s disturbing face.
The mannequin was frozen in a sitting position: face up to the ceiling, legs crossed, arms out as if ready to fly fly fly.
Polly hated herself right then and there – why couldn’t she stop watching? Why couldn’t she turn away? Why didn’t she just run? Ahhh, the mysteries of life. Natalie held the camera with one hand, and used her other to grope the mannequin’s plump chest. The globes were hard. Natalie knocked on them. The mannequin groaned…then sighed, yet its face was still.
Natalie put her fingers to the mannequin’s mouth and pulled out a string of tiny white balls, which she ate. She then put the camera down.
It was aimed at Polly.
She bolted her eyes shut.
Natalie rolled the mannequin over onto its face – with its buttocks up in the air – and picked up the camera again. She caressed the hard buttocks in front of her with the back of her hand, and began to make sexy sounds, like “Oooooh” and “Ahhhhhh” and “Ttttttttttttttttt”.
 Natalie put the camera on the small of the mannequin’s back, aiming it at herself. She licked her lips and slid her hands down, pleasuring the mannequin as well as herself.
Natalie’s body began to convulse. She vomited onto the buttocks, yet kept her eyes on the camera, holding her sensual face, her body moving up & down in a sexy way. 
“Ooooooooooh, ahhhhhhhhh, aaaaaahhh. I’m sexy.”
The mannequin began to drool and make interesting bird sounds in its throat.
POLLY THREW UP ON THE CARPET, YELLING AT THE SAME TIME. SHE JUMPED UP AND SCREAMED AT THEM WITH HER ARMS FLAILING IN THE AIR AND THEN TURNED AROUND AND RAN THROUGH A WALL.
Natalie and the mannequin watched, motionless.

***

Polly was in a dark room. She put her hands on her knees. She struggled to breathe. She felt strong – particularly because she ran straight through a wall. And now she was covered in white dust.
She shook her head and kicked her feet to clean herself.
Polly had to eat.
She was hungry. First sustenance, then call the cops. Where was the refrigerator? Polly hoped no one was home. She put her hands against a wall and searched for a light switch. She kicked something warm and furry – something that MEOWED in pain.
Polly picked up the cat and kissed it on what she hoped was its nose. She flicked a switch on the wall and found herself in the kitchen. Putting the cat down, she opened the refrigerator and pulled out a bowl of sliced cheesecake. On her 12th slice, she heard keys at the door. Polly put everything back and washed her hands and ran into the bedroom, hiding under the bed.
She stayed there for hours, leaving when the newlyweds had done their business and fell asleep.
Polly drives me into Nuuanu Stream Park. She stops the car next to a small cliff and begins to cry. I put my hand on her head, rubbing it.
“It’ll be okay.”
I can feel eyes staring at us from out open windows. She begins to tell me how hard it all is. How I’ll never understand what she’s been through. How she wanted to go back to possibly save those other “people”. I tell her that she’s right, that she’s a good person. 
She hugs me and kisses my cheek, saying how much I understand her and how much she likes me, and how maybe we can have a bright future together. I mess her hair up in a playful manner.
“Sure, kid.”
She rests her head on my shoulder.
“Wanna make some extra cash?”
“Doing what? If math is involved, I’m afraid I’d have to pass gas. You see, I’ve used the Right Side of my brain so much, my Left has gone malnourished.” 
“How would you like to work on a movie?”
My eyes jump.
“Really? I make movies for a living! I mean, I’m trying to. I’ve got this film club-thingy, and we want to make a television show here in Honolulu. I even made a horror movie, called “The Nundead”, and I’m working on another one, too. It’s hard though, because everyone works and doesn’t have much time. We need a good producer.”
“Good, good! You’ll fit in nicely.”
“So who’s making this film? What is it about?”
“You’d be working under me. I’m the producer, and our cinematographer left due to creative difficulties. It’s a fun little movie. An adult film. Should make us a lot of money.”
“An adult film?”
“Is that a problem?”
“Well, it’s just, I’ve heard stories where people – the crew – got ripped off. Like from their pay.”
She laughs.
“That’s not going to happen. This isn’t the Philippines.”
“Who is this person you had problems with?”
“Natalie.”
“…”
“I got her the job. But ever since she got into making her own Mannequin Porn, she’s been going a tad batty. No one liked working with her. I guess it all started once she began walking around set with a case of orange soda under one arm and a mannequin’s torso under the other. But not to worry. The others are nice people. Especially me.”


“The TOY Machine”

SHE DRIVES ME HOME and we kiss goodnight with our tongues. My mom is still asleep, as is my kid brother. I undress, sensually, and turn on the fan and lay in bed, my mind working. Should I go into the adult business? What am I going to tell everyone?
Nothing.
If they ask, just say that you’re doing “Little things here and there: Courtesy of the temp agency.” Then laugh it off and change the subject – preferably about them, since people love talking about themselves.
I begin thinking back to what Polly said, about that black video case.
Could it be the same one in the video store?
The possibility of what’s on the tape teases my mind – even though what I heard from Polly makes me sick in the tummy.
I roll in bed – my eyes won’t close – I feel itchy all over.
I stay up the whole night.


AT 12PM I TELL MY mum I’m going to practice darts at Hawaiian Brian's and head straight to the bus stop, where I take the #2 bus.
I get off at the end of Waikiki and walk my way to DHV – the whole time thinking about being a rich, famous figure in the adult industry, yet somehow keeping my secret from everyone. Maybe I should use a fake name: Like Dingus.
Or maybe Stone Face. It would be a good name for a child, too. If the child was to ever fall and crack its face off, it’ll frighten off all the bullies and no one would want to steal my child’s lunch money. 
I get looks as I walk into the adult aisle and it makes me nervous. Still, I head forth with my chin held high. For they can smell fear.
I walk to the shelf where I last saw the black cover.
It’s still there, although a little sticky now. The price shocks me. 
$1o? 
So cheap?
I purchase it (holding out my I.D. before the cashier can even ask) and head home.
At night, while my mum is out partying in Waipahu and my brother is partying at the church/school, I go downstairs and pop the tape into the VCR.
It rolls black for a long time, but I don’t want to fast forward because I might miss something interesting. My mind wanders and I begin to worry about my mum. She better not be drinking. She has dialysis tomorrow.
The screen flicks white…


DISSOLVE FROM WHITE FLARE.

The camera adjusts its brightness and focuses, revealing a bedroom.


INT. BEDROOM – NIGHT 

The camera pans slowly to reveal the room as the TITLE dissolves onto screen as if under water. There’s sweet Hawaiian music.

SUPERIMPOSE TITLE:

Aloha Mannequins

The camera now picks up many mannequins, resting against the walls and on the floor. The screen SPLIT-SCREENS, so that the left side of the screen pans the walls, while the other shows CLOSE-UPS of the mannequins, of eyes and noses and lips and scalps…

BEGIN CREDIT SEQUENCE.

SUPERIMPOSE INDIVIDUAL CREDITS OVER MANNEQUIN FACES:

Starring…

Dia Golop
Kior Flagmaster
Erort Fannymay
Proppol Evertsonny
Dragon McGinnyot
Ragatony See
Wartpot Jackoer
Leslio Germo
Chinkytop Xtrox
Quiberton Siomon Jew
Foop Dingalinger

And…
Natfat Chacony Hojew
Camera
Melano V. Brighman

Camera zooms in on mannequin’s blue eye. 

SUPERIMPOSE TEXT:

Directed by
Natfat Chacony Hojew

END CREDIT SEQUENCE.


INT. COLLEGE DORM – DAY

A YOUNG JAPANESE GIRL, clothed, sits on a bed. She smiles into the camera, which is being handheld by a geeky-sounding male. He zooms in and out occasionally from her face to her boobs, which are miniature.

The geek has a nervous crack to his voice. The young girl is calm and professional.

There is HAWAIIAN MUSIC.

GEEK (o.s.)
Tell us a little about yourself.

GIRL
My name is Wendy Jefferson Suzuki. And I go to UH.

GEEK (o.s.)
Oh, interesting, interesting. I am very interested in what you do.

WENDY
Thank you. I am very happy to be here.

GEEK (o.s.)
What’re you taking…here at UH?

WENDY
I’ll soon be getting my doctoral degree in microbiology.

GEEK (o.s.)
That’s very interesting.

WENDY
What are you taking?

GEEK (o.s.)
NO TALKING NOW!

Camera zooms in on her hair, then tilts down to her sock-covered feet.

GEEK (o.s.)
Wiggle your toes for me. Ooooooh, yessm, Yessm. That’s hot, for some reason. Oolala.

WENDY
I love wiggling my toes. It makes my vagina humid.

GEEK (o.s.)
Good.
(pause)
She wiggles her toes or else she gets the hose again. My friend should be here any moment now.

Camera pans past a mirror, where we see the camera operator for a split second before he SPINS AWAY, yelping.

GEEK (o.s.)
It’s okay. I can edit that out.

OTHER VOICE (o.s.)
You can’t edit out your mind’s eye.


JUMP CUT:


Zoom in on door. There’s a knock. Camera walks to door and opens it.

Natalie walks in, pushing in a large, human-sized box with a handtruck.

GEEK (o.s.)
Ah! Right on time.

NATALIE
Sorry I’m late.

GEEK (o.s.)
(whispering)
Do you have it?

NATALIE
(whispering)
You will love it so much.

GEEK (o.s.)
Good! Allow me to introduce you to my 
good friend of many hours. Natalie, this is Wendy.

WENDY
Hello.

NATALIE
Ooooooooh.

GEEK (o.s.)
Wendy’s here for some fun, aren’t you, Wendy?

WENDY
I love wiggling my toes. It makes my vagina clammy.

GEEK (o.s.)
Silence, toad!

NATALIE
Thou shall utter the secret GO code!

GEEK (o.s.)
Sky Gimp!

NATALIE
Sky Gimp!

GEEK (o.s.)
Sky Gimp!

NATALIE
Sky Gimp!

GEEK (o.s.)
Sky Gimp!

NATALIE
Sky Gimp!

GEEK (o.s.)
Sky Gimp!

NATALIE
Sky Gimp! Good. You have repeated it the correct number of times. Let us proceed.

Wendy is scared.

Natalie walks to the bed, looms over it, and grins at her. Wendy waves. Natalie licks the box she’s holding and throws it to the ground, angry. She makes love to the box for 5 seconds, and opens it quickly.

The camera operator helps her clear away the tiny, noisy popcorn balls. The camera ZOOMS in slowly onto the mannequin inside. It’s a male. Natalie stands it up. The mannequin is naked and so very white, like paper. Its head is turned to the right, with both hands on its hips.

Camera quickly looks to Wendy. She is clearly lost. Mentally.

Natalie holds out her hand to Wendy – 

LOUD KNOCK ON DOOR.

SCARY MAN (o.s.)
Security! Open up! What you guys do’n ova thea!?

NATALIE
Jiggers! The fuzz!

GEEK (o.s.)
Hide!


JUMP CUT:


INT. NATALIE’S BEDROOM – NIGHT 

Same set up: Natalie holds out her hand. Wendy takes it…and stands next to the mannequin. Natalie brushes Wendy’s hair with a metal comb.

NATALIE
Make love to it. Caress it. Want it. Feed it. Whisper sweet-somethings into its ears. Touch its penis.

WENDY
Yessm, master.

Natalie guides Wendy down before it. Natalie blocks the camera, so it tries to move around her. THEN – 

WENDY BOLTS UP.

WENDY
Jesus Christ! Its thing is real!

NATALIE
TOUCH THE PENIS!

WENDY
Release me!

NATALIE
Rub it! Smack it! Let herrr attack it!

GEEK (o.s.)
Jesus Christ!

There is a struggle as they try to keep Wendy from running away.

WENDY
Mommy! Mommy!

Wendy breaks free and trips and falls into the camera, face-first.

BLACK.

SOUNDS OF MUFFLED SCREAMS/A CHAIR FALLING/THUNDER/CANS BANGING TOGETHER.

CUE: classical violin music.


BED.

Wendy sits, motionless – her eyes are glazed over – she has been crying. She is naked. The geeky cameraman tries to focus in on her breasts.

Natalie walks into frame, fixes up Wendy’s hair for the camera, and sits down next to her – and pets her head. Natalie digs into her own hair and produces a needle and dips the tip into a glass of purple liquid and sticks its entire length through Wendy’s forearm.

She doesn’t move: Her eyes always forward.

The cameraman MOANS. Then the camera shakes. Then from somewhere far away, we hear the sudden roar of THUNDER. Natalie looks into the camera.

NATALIE
This is the new Age of Virgo Sheep.

The camera nods.

GEEK (o.s.)
Yesssssm.


FADE OUT:


…silence…


FADE IN:


INT. BEDROOM – NIGHT 

Wendy is sitting on the bed – eyes empty. Natalie paints her body with a white, thick substance.

Natalie looks into the camera.

NATALIE
Now it is your turn, oh child.

GEEK (o.s.)
I wish to be immortalized.

NATALIE
So let it be painted…


JUMP CUT:


GEEK

sits on the bed, in the glowing nude, with his hands between his knees, next to Wendy. He appears to have been crying.

GEEK
(into camera)
So let it be done.

He turns to Natalie as she paints his thighs a shiny white. He begins to sob. Wendy begins to sing vowels.


CUT TO:


INT. BATHROOM – NIGHT

It’s very BRIGHT. The shower is on at full BLAST. Geek – now made frozen into a mannequin – sits on the toilet as Natalie, wearing a pink bathrobe, fingers his mouth like a jackhammer and sucks on his nose while making strange erotic sounds.

She takes her finger out from his mouth.

Geek Mannequin looks into the camera’s general direction (though his eyes are pure white) and opens his mouth to say something, but he sounds like a RACCOON.

Natalie claps her hands – slowly at first – and then HOOTS and HOLLERS.

NATALIE
Hurray! Hurray!


CUT TO BLACK:


CUT TO:


SAME SHOT – STABLE/ON TRIPOD


INT. BATHROOM – NIGHT 

Natalie HACKS at the Geek Mannequin repeatedly with two miniature axes. Mannequin is frozen (has been posed) with his hands over his eyes – mouth agape in horror.

With three clunky chops, Natalie lops off his left arm; then with one, large blow, off comes his right. Red fountains out from his shoulders like two insane fire hoses.

The mannequin doesn’t move an inch: Its face scared stiff.

Natalie is covered in blood from hair to ankles, as if she just climbed out from a giant can of red paint. She fixes her hair and walks to the camera…the whites of her eyes shining through her red face.

NATALIE
I am the sponge, and I have been fertilized.


FADE OUT:


INT. BEDROOM – NIGHT

Wendy The Mannequin is on the floor, on her back, her arms spread out over the carpet. Natalie is videotaping her.

Someone is in the background, on the ground…

SCREEN BLINKS OFF.


I turn off the VCR and run into the kitchen and vomit into the sink – into a frying pan with leftover tiny sausages, the kind with cheese inside.
I make a glass of water and set my tummy at ease.
Was it all real?
Couldn’t be.
I want to call Polly. I want to ask her. But what if it disturbs her and I don’t get the cameraman job? I can’t chance it. I need the job. Need to pay rent. I can’t survive in the real world with a real job – at least not forever. I don’t want to be a bum living in Ala Park. That’s the lowest of the low for me, I swear. If it ever did come to that, me having nothing AT ALL except for my own skin, I would split my wrists.
I decide to not make any waves with Polly.
I microwave myself some cold pizza and eat my feelings. I should be depressed more often. Then maybe I’d gain more weight and be a fattie. I should create my own weight gain system.


PART TWO


“Clean Water”

THE 1st DAY OF WORK is on a Monday. Polly calls me up at 6am and tells me to be ready by 6:1o. I say okay and hang up, then say obscenities at the sunrays creeping into my bedroom window. 
“Obscenities!”
I can’t stand mornings. They tell me, “Yessm! Another day of hell for you! Another day possibly wasted!”
Well, dear Sun, maybe not today.
I shower for 3o seconds, shampooing my hair with Fructis, and get dressed and walk outside, hopping into Polly’s car.
We have to drive to Aina Haina, to the shoot location: Some rich house on the high hills.
On the freeway, Polly asks if I’ve eaten. I tell her no, and she gives me a lump of tinfoil. I open it up and eat the fried banana rolls inside. It’s yummy. 
The fastest way to my heart?
My mouth.
And penis.
But it’s my mouth first.
Raindrops begin to splat against the windshield. We’re getting close to the house. I begin to get nervous. I want to do a good job. I don’t even care about what my friends or family will say anymore. I just want to work at a job that I find fun and/or interesting, to make enough money to buy cigarettes and go out drinking at Scores while we all play darts – then go out to Hawaiian Brian’s on BYOB nights and drink more beer and play more darts.
The great thing about Brian’s is that they’ve got a video arcade, pool tables (their main attraction) and 8 dartboards, and because there’s a club next door – Blue Tropix – you have eye-candy strutting in every now and then.
That’s good cake.
There are actually two clubs: Blue Tropix, where the hippidy hoppers go, and that Black Building, where all the Gothos & Depressos go. 
They all come together at Brain’s.
The nexus of the universe.

Aina Haina makes me ill. My ex lives here – well, last I checked anyway. I don’t tell Polly. I don’t want her feeling sorry for me – no pity applause, please. Polly drives by my ex’s house and I can’t help myself but look.
No one outside.
Good.
If I did see her, oh I don’t know, raking or something, it would be a thorn in my mind that would take another 3 fucking years to dig out (exhales, depressingly).
That’s a good name for a band:
Exhales Depressingly
And it’s not that I don’t love her. I do. It’s just that she’s off and married and happy with someone else (who I’m sure is a good guy) that’s not me. I see her now and I feel used & abused & worthless. Just not good enough. Sorry Rubs, do not pass Go. 
I miss feeling wanted.
Blarghhhh…
The good thing about the breakup was that when it ended, it ENDED. No phone calls, no possibilities. Wow. She’s “off limits” now. Doesn’t matter how much I care. Doesn’t matter what I think. Just gotta mooooove on like a sad cow. It’s hideous. Dark days ahead folks. Very dark. 
Polly’s cellphone goes off, plays the ring tone “What’s this? What’s this” from A Nightmare Before Christmas. Irritated by the conversation, she hangs up, violently, and tells me that the address of the house where the adult movie is being filmed has been changed – for security reasons. Seems that someone on the inside has tipped the fuzz.

After an hour of driving and searching, we drive up to the two-story house. Other cars are parked, all close to each other. There is a large blue van – looks as if it time-traveled from the 70’s. It is rocking back and forth, and muted tribal music can be heard inside.
The backdoors are opened by an obese woman with bad ankles and children on pogo sticks jump out and hop here and there and everywhere.
Polly and I climb the long flight of stairs, towards the cotton-filled blue sky, up to the front, sliding glass door. It takes our combined bulk to open it.
The place is one, large living room. People in orange towels loiter. They look at us and then go back to their conversations. A fat, white cat walks past us. It looks over its shoulder and gives me the old bug-eye.
I squint my eyes and give it the look back.
An older man – wearing white socks – walks up to Polly and gives her a big hug. He looks at me with those large, blue eyes and shakes my hand – introduces himself as Mr. Snake, the director of the project. He assumes that I’m the new cinematographer. 
When I agree, he lets out a heavy “Huzzah!” and calls forth a waiter who lumbers out from the bathroom. He looks tired – dressed in a black, turtleneck sweater, holding a silver platter over his head. He yawns.
“How may I help you, Sir?” he says in a thick British accent.
Mr. Snake slaps him across the mouth.
“Don’t ask stupid questions, Sigourney!”
He is slapped again, and I take a step back, hiding a little behind Polly, who just stands there, emotionless.
This Mr. Snake person raises a stiff finger in front of Sigourney’s eyes, asks him if he wants another – for his own good. The waiter says Yes, with a tear, and braces his face.
SLAP!
The waiter nods, dramatically.
“Yessm. I love it.”
Mr. Snake takes him by the shoulders and looks into his eyes, passionately.
“Now I want you to listen to me very carefully. I care for you. And I want you to go into the kitchen and make me and my friends here a tiny cake, and then I want you to make yourself a tiny cake and urinate on it, and you’re going to eat it because I tell you to. And you will love it. I care for you so much. This is for your own good. Discipline is radical. You understand, don’t you? I know you do. Later, I command you to ejaculate into the tiny cake and feed it to a hungry whore, and then look at her. Hrmm, I know she’s here somewhere. Moped?? Moped, where are you, love!? On the toilet, maybe? You better be.”
The waiter blinks a tear.
“I think she’s massaging out a stool, sir.”
Mr. Snake stuffs a dollar into Sigourney’s mouth and SLAPS him a heavy one, knocking him back toward the kitchen.
“You make my mouth happy!” Sigourney cries.
He disappears behind a wall.
Mr. Snake wipes the sweat from his brow and turns to us, surprised.
“I’m sorry you had to see that. You know how waiters get. The help like it when you hit them every now and then: Their anger makes them feel special. Heehaw!”
I want to slap him a good one of my own. And then scream into his face: “HOW DOES IT FEEL – HUH! HOW DOES IT FEEL!!” But I don’t, because he’s much bigger than me (he looks like a drugged-out, Samoan Santa). Polly points to the waiting crowd in the living room.
“How much have you so far?”
Mr. Snake cracks his neck.
“The crew has been organized…everyone’s here and ready to blow.”
We walk down the hallway. I have no idea where to, and I’m too afraid to ask. I keep my mind level by thinking about my pay and my splendid future-condo in Waikiki.
A row of 5 girls, age 18 by the looks of it, wrapped in black towels, sit in chairs with their legs crossed, reading Fangoria Magazine, their hair being worked on by what I can only assume to be make-up artists.
I can’t hear what Polly and this Mr. Snake are yakking about – I’m trailing a little too far behind them and I begin to panic. I walk past a room and catch a glimpse of two obese, naked Hawaiian men sitting on the foot of a bed, licking the other’s face, madly: I remember clearly, against my will, the waving of their arm flab.
Past another door: children are jumping up and down on a clean bed. A balding, adult-woman in a red leotard laughs along with them, clapping her hands to a made-up beat. I can only assume this to be some kind of desperate nursery.
I stop to stare into the bathroom.
It’s dark inside, but I can make out the outline of a human-female, sleeping in the tub, clear curtain obscuring her face. She doesn’t move…yet her breasts are not still.
Afraid that I may have discovered a cracked-out, bye-bye whore, I speed-walk after Polly.
Bad insanity.
Children’s toys litter the hallway: Yellow Tonka Construction Trucks, Barbie dolls with their heads replaced by giant crayons, an autographed picture of Adam Sandler addressed to someone named “Toots”, a toy rat, a jump rope still in its packaging, a baseball bat covered in peanut butter, a shirt stitched to pants that’s stitched to a pair of white shoes, and toy babies. Training bras cover some toys. At the end of this long hallway is an unusually tall pile of used panties. I begin to wonder where all the man-briefs are. There’s a full body mirror, too. But I walk on by, not daring to look at myself in it.
Stepping over a discarded pink shampoo bottle, we enter a fake room – fake walls, fake TV, fake couch, fake ceiling, fake ceiling fan, fake windows, and a fake floor. I notice a bathroom and wonder if the toilet inside is real. I’m afraid to move. I don’t know what’s going on, or what’s going to happen to me. I can feel eyes on me, although there is no one else in the room with us. I’m getting The Fever again. God, help me. I’m now a cinematographer – at least very soon I will be. Responsibility responsibility responsibility. Am I ready for this responsibility? What if I fail? What if they hate my work? What will these alien apes do to me?             
Oh, Jesus…
Will they rape?
MAN UP!
Will I vomit?
MAN UP!
Am I even attractive enough to be raped?
MAN UP!
I’m so sensitive. 
MAN UP!
I want to be raped by a beautiful woman.
MAN UP!
Shhh. Calm down, child. Relax. Take a laxative. Nothing bad will happen. Here – sit down with them on the bed. Nod your head, constantly, as they chat. See? Nothing bad is happening. Nothing bad WILL happen. The glass is half full, not half empty. Yesssssm, just nod your head. Nice. You’re wonderful. You’re doing so well.
MAN UP!
Don’t listen to him. You’re doing great. Remember this: They just want to make some money. That’s their goal – that’s why they’re here. You’re all on the same boat. The good ship Lollypop.
Polly and Mr. Snake look at me.
“Well?” one of them says.
I stop shaking my head. Who said what now? Don’t panic. Just look into their eyes and say something positive.
“Yessm.”
Mr. Snake explains that we should go over the script before we begin to plan the shots. I agree and he walks off, briskly, in a gay way. My right arm hurts. I poopoo it sometimes playing darts – practicing at Hawaiian Brian’s from 6-12am, preparing for Play-Offs. 
I feel nauseous.
My brain wants to vomit.
Polly asks if I’m okay.
I tell her I have a witch in my belly and that the witch hates me and she hurts me and my head hurts. “I have two owees.” She hands me a bottle of some kind of prescription medication for my headache and walks out to get me a glass of water. 
Watching her leave, I worry immediately that I may find something nasty in my water.
The red bottle in my hand reads: Take one pill rectally, by mouth.
I sigh and fall back on the bed.
Just let me close my eyes for a minute.

When I open my eyes, I forget where I am and make a pathetic, chirping sound. The lights hurt my eyes. I realize where I am and BOLT UP. Was I touched, sexually? Was I felt up in a sexy way? I check my body for any weird marks. 
Nothing. 
Oh, good, God. Good. 
There’s no one else in the room.
I guess I’m okay. If anyone did molest me, better have been a woman. Or at least a girl. A pretty Canadian girl with blond hair and skinny muscles.
I look down at a fluffy pillow on my right. There’s a bloody tissue on it. I pick it up with a raised pinky. Who does this belong to? 
Who was in here?
Voices in the hallway. I throw the blood-covered tissue behind the bed and sit up straight with my hands in my lap.
Mr. Snake and Polly walk in, laughing. They both hold screenplays. Polly waves at me and they sit on the bed.
“Good. You’re up,” she says, patting my back. “Very good.”
Mr. Snake also pats my back.
“Yes, very good. How have ye been, my son? Good?” he asks, smiling. “Very good.”
“I’m fine. When do I start work?”
They both laugh.
Mr. Snake hands me his copy of the script.
“First we read, Rubs. First we read. Thou should know better, right? Polly told me about your experiences in the filmmaking community. You’ve even directed a little, no?”
“Yessm.”
“Good times, Yessm?”
“No.” I rub my eyes. “Well, sometimes yessm. When no one asks questions.”
Mr. Snake stands up and gives out a Santa-like laugh: “Hohoho! Tell me about it. I won’t interrupt.” 
“This one time I was filming in a friend’s bathroom and – ”
“Sorry to interrupt, but we should really get to work.” He puts his hands on his hips. “Let’s read though this magnificent piece of literature together. Polly, thou can begin.”
“Yessm. Very good…” She stands up next to Mr. Snake and puts on her 1950-ish glasses and squints at the first page. She nibbles on a pen. I raise my hand.
“About 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens each year. Careful.”
She just smiles at me and scratches my head. I blush. 
Polly cleans her throat, then reads.
“My Sexy Wheelchair: The True Story of Gina Hwerty” FADE IN. Bathroom. Day. A young woman in wheelchair ENTERS. She is naked. She readies herself to sit on toilet. This is Gina Hwerty. There is a knock on the door. Open door. Man walks in dressed as priest. (changed to naked man) She loves him. He tells her secrets of the church. Church mafia charges in. They kill them. Gina is chopped into little pieces and is flushed down the toilet while gay mobsters rub tongues. The End. Roll credits.”
Mr. Snake claps.
“That’ll do, pig. That’ll do.”
I flip through the rest of the screenplay.
“So what’s all this other stuff?”
“The sex scenes that go into the story. Everything takes place in the bathroom. It’s arty. Unlike all the other pornographic films I have directed, “My Sexy Wheelchair: The True Story of Gina Hwerty” will be filmed exactly as written!”
I thumb a random page that describes – in amazing detail – a sex scene that involves the two main characters in strange, sexual positions while sitting on the toilet. Every detail is noted: French kissing, where hands go, how the feet are seen, eyes open or closed, moans, no moans, and so on and so on.
Mr. Snake reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a cheeseburger.
“I have a cheeseburger in my back pocket.”
He then reaches back and produces a bottle of water with a picture of an angry snake on it. He takes a mighty sip and yells out:    
“Everyone to the set!”
He holds out his hand and pulls me to my feet.
“This shouldn’t take long, my son. Excited? I know I am. Now excuse me while I kiss the sky.”
He makes to walk away, but I have an important question.
“Can I see the camera?”
“Sure, it’s over there in that stained box.”
“Thank you. Oh! And about the shots…”
“One long take, my son. I want the DePalma-effect to be in full…er…effect!”
“Ah, yessm. Very good.”
I walk over and open the box. There is the stench of day-old Chinese noodles. I reach into the white beads of Styrofoam and pull out the camera. It is a Sony PD100. The same camera I used to film my horror movie, The Nundead.
The camera is in perfect working condition, except for the missing lens-cap.
Feet can be heard charging down the hallway. A group of five people run into the room, breathless. Mr. Snake walks up to them and gives them a few words which I cannot hear. Soon after, three of them, all women in their mid-30s, walk up to me and introduce themselves. These will be my gofers (go-for-this, go-for-that) for the night: There’s Dina, a chronic smoker with fiery red hair and a heavy Irish accent and thick bags under her eyes; Sharon, Japanese but speaks with a Canadian accent with a left leg that can’t stop twitching; and Bethany, a skinny, pasty girl that only speaks when spoken to. Her mouth is always open.
Mr. Snake calls everyone’s attention and directs all to set the scene.
As I check the settings on the camera, making sure the color balance and focus are set, I spy on the other two people: These are the main actors, Joann and Tim. They stand before Mr. Snake, dressed in kimonos. The director points at the script then points at them, and the actors nod their heads Yessm Yessm Yessm.
A second later, an elderly woman zooms in on a motorized wheelchair and parades around the room while everyone cheers. She looks to be 80-sh. Mr. Snake yells out: “Welcome, Lady Rainbow!”
This is apparently the old woman’s name. She parks and hops out from the chair, responding in kind.
“Greetings, King Popx!” 
Sexually charged images of geriatric love thunders into my mind and I let loose a shudder. Bethany, untangling some electrical wires, asks if I’m okay. I tell her, “I’m just cold, on the inside.”
Lady Rainbow goes to leave, but Mr. Snake encourages her to stay and “Enjoy the show”. Joann takes off her kimono and sits on the wheelchair, naked. Tim disrobes as well and gets behind the wheelchair, braiding her hair as Mr. Snake explains the scene. 
My heart quickens. I try not to look at her nakedness. This is a working environment. Surprisingly, the sight of her does not excite me – although she is extremely gorgeous. It’s because of all the people here, I know it. And thank God. I must focus on the task at hand!
I feel professional, and smile.
Adult film stars are amazing. I have nothing but total respect for them. They have mastered their insecurities. How hard it would be to shut down that part of our mind that judges us and makes our lives a living dread?
Joann examines the chair.
“I’ve always hated people in wheelchairs. They look so irritating – thinking that they’re so special in their little go-carts. I wonder how these things work? Magic, maybe?”
Joann fools around with the chair’s controls and bolts forward with a horrifying shriek. “Waaaaaaaaaa!” She stops suddenly, and then inches forward in tiny jerks before stopping completely.
She hops out of the chair and Tim hugs her.
“Why! Why! Why, Tim! I almost died! Oh, sweet Jesus! He’s so sweet!”
“Shhh! You’re safe now, baby.”
He kicks the chair.
“Take that, fucker!”
She kicks it, too.
“I hate you so much right now!”
She happens to make eye contact with me and I look away immediately, setting the camera onto the cheap, plastic tripod. Does she find me attractive? If we got together, would we be a happy couple? And how would our kids turn out, I wonder.
Would they be retarded?
Mr. Snake walks up to me and explains that we’ll be shooting the whole movie in order, because that’s how Kurosawa did his movies. Then he walks off and consoles his actress, who is crying in a maniacal way.
“That chair is the devil! Linda Blair’s in that motorized wheelchair! Sweet Jesus, you’re so sweet!”
“Calm door, my love, please calm down. Linda Blair isn’t even in the house today. And she’s a wonderful actress. Remember Repossessed?”
“Uh huh…”
“She did so well in that film. Do you think Linda Blair would be acting the way you’re acting now?”
“I guess you're right.” She sniffles and smiles. “There’s no evil presence in this wheelchair, is there?”
Mr. Snake brushes her hair. “Of course not.”
They hug, and Joann sits in the chair in a merry fashion. She giggles and begins clapping and hopping up and down.
“Clapping! Clapping!”
I hide behind the camera’s flip-out monitor and say under my breath:
“Good Lord, it’s worse than that time I tried to name my penis.”

Bathroom.
I sat on the bare, cold floor, in the nude, my legs crossed with a towel wrapped around my head, crossing names off a notepad.
“…Sassafras. Er, naw, sounds too close to Sissy. Let’s see now… The Corrupter? No, too Asian… Scary Pillow? What? Too religious. Male Vagina? I don’t remember writing that…or do I? Hmm… Anyway, what’s this here? Dongalinger… Hrmm, NOW we’re on to something. Yessm, I christen thee penis DONGALINGER.”
I pressed play on a tape recorder of people clapping and cheering. I closed the notepad, and kissed it.
“Love like I love, feel like I feel.”
And then I ate the notepad.

After I finish with the camera and all the monitors have been set up, I walk over to the director and tell him we’re all ready to go. He says that I’ve done a good job, and tickles me under my chin and gives me a candy, and then tells everyone to get in their "Places, friends".
Joann readies herself in the wheelchair.
Mr. Snake sits in his director’s chair, which is not labeled DIRECTOR, but SNAKE. He brings his hands to his mouth.
“Roll camera! And…ACTION!”
Joann flicks on the wheelchair’s motor. It hummmmmmms and she is obviously disturbed, looking to Mr. Snake, who smiles at her brightly and signals her to sally forth. She smiles back, wearily, and jerks forward with her medium-sized breasts jiggling. Even from where I am, I can hear her beg under her breath, in a shaky voice, “…Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, hey, Jesus…”
She comes to the bathroom door and opens it with her foot. She flicks on the light, with her foot.
“I want to urinate.”
She says it depressingly.
My face crinkles. Something inside me says Acting=Not good. I look over to see if Mr. Snake shares my feelings. But he just sits there, all smiles. I get back to the job at hand and plant my eyes onto the monitor.
Joann’s chair zooms toward the toilet. Stops suddenly. She lifts the lid and makes to elevate herself off the chair. 
Tim raps his knuckles against a wall and I’m surprised that there has been a naked man standing behind me the whole time.
Joann looks up, large-eyed.
“Who is there?”
I don’t recall any dialogue in the script. They’re ad-libbing. Are these words actually coming out? Did Snake coach them on their ad-libs? Every director does; deep down they’re all wanna-be actors.
Tim stands in the doorway.
“Ye has caressed my surgically-implanted cow heart. Thank you for being with me that scary day. I was scared. I look at you now and I miss you so much and I want to touch you in a sexy way. Maybe even that part of you which is paralyzed.”
“Understood. Oh, lover, please exit! When I see you my eyes hurt, on the inside. Ye words have fallen on blind ears.”
Tim raises a finger into the air and says as his buttocks jiggle, “Try and stop thee!”
I actually gasp a little as he takes three quick steps toward her and lifts her off the chair, the two of them groaning in passion. He sits on the chair and places her on his lap and then they kiss in a kind of mad dash.
Their bodies move in an irritated way as Tim locks lips and fumbles for the control stick. He finds it and backs out of the bathroom as the chair goes BEEP BEEP BEEP.
I can hear Mr. Snake say, “Yessm, good, excellent – excellent cinema, glorious cinema.” 
Tim and Joann slobber over each other – it’s a pecking contest, more like – and make crazy love sounds. The wheelchair reverses slowly then makes a silly BURP and speeds up. A horrified look crosses the actors’ faces and now they’re screaming for help as the chair rear-ends a table, knocking over a giant Chinese vase. There is nothing inside. The crew looks at each other with “O” mouths. Tim and Joann squeal at the crew as the chair bolts toward us.
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
Mr. Snake stands up in a panic.
“Run away! Run away!”
Everyone scatters as the wheelchair zooms past us and runs into the bed and bounces off. The chair spins around and around like a merry-go-round as Tim and Joann scream for help from God. Mr. Snake points an accusing finger at the old woman.
“You are to blame, toad!”
She cries and holds out her hands, pathetically.
“Please, kind sir, I don’t mean to be old!”
He pushes her away. 
The old lady complains, but he doesn’t hear it.
“Get away from me, toad. I don’t like you anymore.” 
Actors trapped on the wheelchair whine.
Tim throws his hands in the air as he bawls bloody murder.
“Blahhhhhhhh!
Joann cries in a wrong way.
“Waaaaaah!”
Mr. Snake runs up to me.
“Never stop rolling! Oh, God!”
I nod, afraid that he’s going to hit me.
He shakes me by the shoulders and says, “Stop nodding!” and then points to the actors who are still spiraling in place.
“This must be handheld to make it more hectic and therefore dramatic! I went to film school!”
“Yessm! Good!”
I carry the camera – tripod and all – and run to the wheelchair.
I zoom in on their confused faces. I want to help them, but I know Mr. Snake is standing behind me because he’s cheering the wheelchair on.
“Now make-out!”
The actors immediately begin kissing and shrieking at the same time.
The director steeples his fingers.
“Splendid…”
Tim pounds on the controls to no desired effect. He yells out curses…
“Curses!”
…and gives it one final POUND.
The chair farts and smoke begins bellowing out from its bottom. The crew watches – men & women crying, striking curious poses.
The mechanical monster growls and bolts toward the crew again, its front wheels in the air. All screech with their hands to their faces as the possessed chair runs into a wall, throwing the actors so many feet into the air. They ricochet off the ceiling, mind you, and land in dull thuds, limbs flailing about like rubber. Their bodies wiggle on the carpet as they moan for Jesus.
Mr. Snake slaps my buttocks and takes me by my terrified arm and we both kneel before the actors.
“Sexy time! Have sex now! We’re still rolling!”
The actors hastily squirm over each other and hug, rolling around in pain in front of the dying, overturned chair – its wheels smoking & coughing.
The director makes a rectangle with his hands and looks through it as if it were a camera.
“Now make sexy sounds with your mouths,” he says, calmly.
The actors try, but what comes out sounds like a hyena.
All I recall is: Moaning, pain, smoke, people crying behind me, hyenas, and an awkward cat smell.
The place is full of smoke now – so much that Mr. Snake jumps to his feet and exclaims, “Fire, fire!”
Over my shoulder Polly yells, “Clear the set!”
NOW everyone exits, screaming indescribable words. Someone, a female human, runs out screaming, “Blood!”
I help Mr. Snake and Polly as they carry the naked actors out of the room. The injured actors cry in sync, “Why me, why me?”
The two obese men I saw earlier kissing, now dressed as sumo wrestlers, run past us, carrying fire extinguishers, and charge into the smoke. I can hear them stomping about and throwing directions at each other as they put out the threat.
I run past a fat white cat.
We nod to each other.


“Fearing Hell”

WE BRING THE ACTORS into the kitchen and clear the table of empty Budlight bottles that smash onto the hard floor like glass bombs. We lay the actors down. They convulse and cry like they have splinters in their hair.
Polly instructs the spectators to beat it and give us some room to console. They don’t listen due to shock and intrigue, so Mr. Snake grabs a nearby, giant-sized, wooden spoon and chases them away. He screams “Gahhhhhhhhh!” but it does no good. They stand about in the living room. Some watch in concern with their hands over their mouths.
Mr. Snake and Polly give Joann a backrub. Tim is unconscious. There is some discussion about whether to call the police or not, but that idea is quickly thrown out the window.
Mr. Snake talks about someone who might be able to help – someone Polly isn’t familiar with, judging by the frown on her face. Apparently, this mystery person is a therapist. Or at least was – he was let go years ago due to insatiable reasons yet unknown. Eventually, they both nod in trust of the choice and leave to use the phone. They tell me to stay by Joann and make sure she doesn’t do anything weird.
I pull up a chair and sit in front of Joann.
She stares into the air with a blank expression on her face. Only now do I notice that she’s still in the nude, so I asked around for a towel, and drape it over her trembling torso. Fearing Hell, due to my Catholic upbringing, I try as hard as I can to keep my eyes off of her breasts, hoping that she’ll cover herself up.
She doesn’t…eyes forward, staring dead into mine.
I stare back…afraid that if I look away she may take it as an insult.
This goes on for a whole minute.
Then, she brushes her hair back and asks for a cigarette. 
I light up.
So we sit there, smoking, staring at each other. It takes all I gots to keep my eyes on her eyes and not on her baby-feeders.
She ashes her cig onto the front of her neck.
Cigarette: “Sizzle…”
“I do that to show how much I hate my body. I’m so insecure. And fat.”
When consoling someone, there’s only one rule to follow:
Listen.
You’re only allowed to talk if you sense they’re ready to listen to what you have to say. Which is rare. People love to listen to themselves yack.
The hard part is looking for an opening to push in a few words.
Pause.
I make my move.
“I think you’re pretty.”
She blushes and smiles.
“Thanks.”
I inhale a puff of thick refreshing smoke and blow out an “O”. She’s impressed.
“I’m impressed. How do you do that?”
“You make your O-Face and click your jaw.”
She tries it and creates one. She laughs out in a proud way.
I nod.
“Some people can blow hearts and shoot smoke arrows through them.”
“Mother fucker.”
“It’s true! I’m not a shitter.”
“Can you do that with smoke?”
“I’m not that groovy.”
She farts. I nod.
“Aww, are you flirting with me?”
“Are my boobs hanging out?”
“I don’t know. I can’t look.”
“Why?”
“Respect. I enjoy you as a person.”
“So you’ve never robbed a peek at a woman’s tits?”
“I do. Usually.”
“And I’m sure you’re careful about going about it, eh?”
“You have to do it quick. It’s like looking at the sun – you look, then look away.”
“When do you do it?”
“When I’m on the bus or in the mall or at church or at work or buying vegetables or in the library.”
“My breasteses aren’t that great. See? They sag a little. See?”
“Blame gravity. I do. Except for us men it’s a good thing. Understand?”
“Sadly.”
She scratches her forearm and I see a long rows of razor-blade smiles. Uh oh, I think. She’s a Cutter. Obviously, she wanted me to see them.
“What are those?”
Although I know, I ask to get her talking: To show concern. Caring is important. Every human being wants to be understood and cared for. Show concern. Most people do this by yelling awful things, like, Are you stupid? and Don’t do that, dummy! Cutters know they shouldn’t do it. All they want is a little compassion. Not a boot to the face.
She looks down and says, “Oh, nothing.”
“You know, if you do it on your thighs, no one can see them.”
“Then what would be the point?”
“Ahhhh. I see.”
Joann exhales, depressingly. I scoot my seat closer.
“Is it doing this job?”
“I can handle my job.”
“Oh? You almost died today.”
“Tis a scratch. No…it’s not work.” She leans in a bit. “Do you plan to have children one day?”
“I’d like to have a little girl. Someone I can feed – someone I can teach. Maybe more, later. I’d love to have little me’s running around, freaking people out.”
“If ever your girlfriend wants to have an abortion, do me a favor.”
“What.”
“Don’t let her do it.”
Pause.
Joann, eyes to the floor, covers herself up now.
Roaches scatter under my chair.
People are laughing again. Shadows are growing. The sun is falling, throwing a heavy orange tint onto the living room. They chat about their futures and of bastard lovers and what they would do to their bastard lovers if they didn’t have any fear about going to hell. Someone says, “If I had the bowels, I’d whack him on the face with the hard end of a fire hose. But I won’t because I’m scared. Booo.”
Joann sniffs and gives me a hard look.
“Let’s go into a room where we can talk in private.”
“Okay.”
“Feeling special?”
“Yes.”
As we walk down the hallway, something in my belly tells me to look over my shoulder. Polly and Mr. Snake stand outside the front, sliding glass door, barefoot and kissing with their toes slithering over each other like little snakes.
I clench my fists and moved on, eyes forward and heated.
Good Lord, I’m shooting laser beams.

We walk into the room where I saw the two fat men, eating face. We sit in the middle of the bed, legs crossed. She tells me a story. “Once upon a time…I went to a pal’s house for a little party. This was out in Kailua Town. It was fun, for the most part. The first thing I did when I got there? I dove off the roof, screaming, into a swimming pool full of 7o and 8o-year-old, still-current, porn stars.”
The house had been a meeting place, she tells me, and they were all to discuss the future of Hawaii-based pornography. Everyone was there: From actors to directors to editors to video storeowners – all from all over the island. There were even a bunch of business folks from the outer islands like Hilo and Kauai. Real stone-faced types. 
Something bad happened that night, she recalls, at around ten o’clock. One of the older actors from Maui had smuggled in some cocaine from inside his body, somehow. By ten-fifteen they were all baked, especially Joann.
She went into the bathroom and threw up all over the floor, only managing to get a handful of her spill into the toilet. She went out into the kitchen and drank some Pepsi and ran back into the bathroom and threw up some more. Only this time the lid on the toilet was down.
She stumbled out, dizzy. Everyone pinched their nostrils and said her clothes were all green and stank.
Someone – an elderly, Australian man – took her by the hand and guided her outside, where they sat by the pool. He handed her a clean, white tank top, and a pair of blue jeans that smelled like a baby’s head. He explained that they once belonged to his daughter, that he and his wife used to watch over her and the baby after the husband ran away to Japan to marry someone named Yentle he met over the internet on MySpace. A week later, on April Fool’s Day, this old couple’s daughter and her baby were hit on the H-1 freeway by a drunken woman behind the wheel of a Big Rig, transporting life-sized dolls to Toys R’ Us. They died instantly. Except for the drunk driver, of course.
The six o’clock news later said that the driver was murdered by some insane, drug-maker, out for solace on behalf of the old man and woman. This seemed to make the two old folks jolly enough, although they honestly had no idea who the “good” murderer was, only that she – an ex-nun – wrote them a letter, stating: 

“Dear Old People… I am your Angel of Vengeance. Please allow me to punish this wicked fiend of fiends. 
-Love, Angel of Vengeance

PS: Enclosed, you will find a special, holy concoction of mine. I call it Jesus Juice. This will make your souls jolly. God made it. And he gave me the ingredients while I was riding a horse in Paniolo Country. Bless you both, and enjoy your Jesus Juice. Hallelujah!”

The old white man said that he thought Joann was “Very cute” and “Understood his old man dramas” and that Joann reminded him of his daughter. Then he put his arm around her and offered a needle that was bubbling with something yellow. Joann said, No. But he kept insisting that it would make the pain go away, much like how it had worked for them.
Now his much older black wife wobbled in. She sat down behind Joann and massaged her shoulders – also encouraging Joann to take the hit.
When Joann tried to stand and get away from these two yahoos, the older woman tightened her claws and forced her back down. Joann plopped to the wet floor and kicked a Donald Duck lifesaver into the pool. The old couple was surprised by how loud it splashed. They looked back to the house, scared.
Through the large, living room window, they could see the silhouettes of partygoers, dancing and drunking and tripping and touching. Tribal/trance music from India, full of bass, vibrated the glass – muffled. Joann made to scream, but the old people stuck their hands in her mouth.
She was raped that night by the pool.
The nameless old man did the deed on all fours. His wife got into the pool, on a floating bed, and watched the scene and pleasured herself in a crazy way.
Joann’s friend found Joann the following morning on the floating bed, crying and bleeding. She was taken to the hospital where she stayed for a week. She told all the doctors that she fell down the stairs.
Sometime later, Joann found out that she was pregnant. She was working in a strip bar called Centerfolds when she decided to have the abortion.
She embraces a pillow and looks into my eyes.
“Not a day goes by that I don’t regret having it. Every day I wonder what that kid would’ve looked like. I feel like a murderer. I don’t know if I’ll ever have another baby. I feel too guilty. I can’t look in a mirror without wanting to kill myself. Feels like the right thing to do. I think about it sometimes, and how I’m going to do it…jumping off a bridge, running into traffic, flying off a skyscraper, jacking up a car and laying underneath and kicking away the stand…it’s as if God wants me to do it. And I hate him for it.”
“I’ve thought about killing myself, too.”
“I’m sure everyone does. I’m impressed people stop themselves from doing it. Most people.”
“Humans are stronger than they look. When I used to cut myself, I prayed for the strength to push down a little harder. You know what stops me from doing it?”
“What.”
“My future wife. My soul mate. I can’t do that to her. And I’ll be damned if I’m letting her marry some desperate, boring sucka that goes to clubs in collared shirts and blue jeans and white shoes with a shaved head. I can’t do that to her. It would be unfair.”
“How do you know that she’s out there?”
“It’s the law of the universe, dearie. Balance. If things are so shitty now, it only means that it can get much, much better.” I put my hand on her thigh. “It’s understandable that you don’t want to have another kid now. But I guarantee that later you will. Can you imagine how happy you and your family will be?”  
“…I can.”
“Then there’s your reason.”
“How can you say all of this? You don’t even know me.”
“I see a lot of good in you.”
She smiles. 
We walk out and meet Mr. Snake and Polly in the kitchen. He tells us that his friend Drac – the ex-therapist – will see Joann and Tim. She tells Mr. Snake that it won’t be necessary, but he doesn’t want to hear it, arguing that he already promised him “an assload of money and a free copy of the movie” by next month. 
I tell Joann that any kind of advice, especially from a professional, can be helpful. She agrees and Mr. Snake asks if I can take her because he and Polly have other “business” to take care of. My first internal reaction to this is No, I’m scared going to some stranger’s house. But I look at Joann and can’t help but agree to it. 
She smiles at me. Somehow, I believe that if anything were to happen, she’d protect me. Maybe it’s because she’s taller than me. Ha ha.
Mr. Snake writes down the directions for me on a discarded sock and we all try to wake up Tim, who’s still naked on the table, but it’s no use. 
He’s comatose.
As we leave, I notice that there are flies nesting around Tim’s penis. 
Great.


“Cured”

DRAC LIVES in an apartment in downtown China Town – in a place where office workers pay $1000 a month for a large, living/bedroom and a tiny bathroom.
We get into the elevator and stare up at the blinking floor numbers…
The ride over was silent.
The freeway was blinding bright as the sun slithered into the car. She drove while I tried desperately to keep my eyes open. I was afraid that if I fell asleep, she would see it as a kind of weakness – that I didn’t care for her company.
We stand before Drac’s door.
I put my ear to the cold door and listen for any signs of life – hoping that no one is home. I don’t want to meet any new people today. I want to resort to my usual ways and lock myself in my bedroom: Away from the loud, evil world. You could be walking down the street and a helicopter blade could fall from the sky and scalp you.
The apartment is silent.
There are weird sounds all around us: Kids play on a balcony above us, jumping on a springy bed and pretending to be roosters in heat; a cat is fighting with a dog as an old women pleads, “I want you to kiss her! I want you to kiss her!” She wields a broom as an insane, martial artist, sweeping away their accidental stool.
Joann knocks on the door and it opens immediately wide. The person standing before us is super skinny and pale and has a glass of milk in one hand and a tiny plate of eggs in the other. He looks wired – up for years: Eyes screaming, the voice at warp speed.
“Oh, hi! You must be my new client. And you must be Rubs. I’ve heard so much about you! You are a good man for escorting her through this rat maze. Never know what you may find – or who may find you.”
He eats a spoonful of eggs and motions us to step inside.

The place smells like wet animal hair. The lights are off. The balcony window is covered by a thin, orange blanket, throwing a soft glow over his bed and tiny table and fluffy white carpet. There’s a large, man-sized hole in a wall. Drac laughs for no reason and sits on the edge of his frameless bed, eating his eggs and drinking his milk. We sit on the floor, cross-legged.
Drac finishes off his milk and looks at us both, intensely. He then walks into the kitchen and pours two glasses of milk, then asks if we want any ice. We say yes. He walks back into the living room and gives us our milk. 
It tastes wonderful.
He takes hold of some clothes scattered on the bed and folds them, daintily.
“Let’s do this – now. It’s on like Donkey Kong. What I do…I do NOT for money, but for spiritual development. Being insecure makes the soul cry. One must be confident in all aspects of life to succeed on planet earth. EGO IS GOD. This is what I teach. This is my invention. I invented this. I call it Greedy on the Inside, and it has worked wonders. Let me explain: I am a master therapist. I am The Master & Commander of therapy, and like Russell Crow, you should feel fortunate, being here in my company, about to receive what many have bled over. Are we ready? Good. I’m not. Oh…wait. Now I am. Good.”
Joann holds out her hands.
“Show me your ways, O Master.”
His eyes are half open.
Drac nods and takes her fingers.
“I know why you’ve come. You’re goofy. And the only cure is Greedy on The Inside. I invented that. Don’t steal it.”
He looks at me and pats my head, then takes Joann’s face in his hands and closes her eyes.
He says, lovingly: “Close your eyes.” 
Joann does, and straightens her back.
Drac raises his chin and opens his mouth.
“You are so wonderful. I love you very much. You deserve whatever you get – and those things are money & love & a cat. You will be rich. You ARE rich. You are the best at everything. You deserve the perfect boyfriend. You deserve a rich boyfriend with a lot of money and he will do anything for you, sexually. Please, O Satan, throw your stink upon this female. Help her, unlike the Son of God who just teases us with his magic. What was his name? Judas Priest? Call her your fetus – allow her to touch you and sample blast your mana – which in Japanese, role-playing, video game jargon means magic. You should play Final Fantasy. It’s a video game, and can teach you much about life. I enjoy part 8 due to the theme of love, though there are many that love part 7, which I think is ehhh - waves hand horizontally.”
I raise a finger and interrupt.
“Er…”
“Shhh! Don’t interrupt,” he snaps, turning to me, not opening his eyes. If this is a therapist, then I’m the king of France. I should’ve asked Mr. Snake what Drac did to get fired all those years ago…although maybe the answer will come to me soon enough.
Drac tightens Joann’s hands, digging his thumbs into her palms. She drools.
“Ooooooooo.”
He draws her close, and then hugs her. I feel jealousy creeping up my spine again. This so-called therapist whispers into her ear.
“In time, you will be fat with happiness. You ARE happy – right this minute. You will understand NOW! HE THROWS HER ONTO THE FLOOR!”
He throws her onto the floor and points with a strong finger and growls, “The end.” I speed-crawl to Joann and hold her safe and yell at him, “Stop it, you toad!” Joann pushes me away. “No Rubs, allow me.” She front flips into a squat, brings her hands up and turns them into claws and goes “Grrrr!” She does a squat-rush toward him with her arms waving in the air and makes scary, monkey-like sounds. She tackles him at the waist and pins him against a wall and bites his crotch area. A wind chime falls, romantically.
He brings her up and kisses her.
Then she kisses him back.
My heart falls into my stomach and dissolves in acid. Something inside me laughs. I look at them, wishing Joann would come running into my arms and say Sorry, baby, sorry, I love you and want to be with you forever & ever; amen.
But it doesn’t happen.
I get up and walk to the door.
Joann’s mouth flies off of Drac’s with a wet smack.
“No, don’t go!”
“You guys should be alone.”
“Good Lord, I’m so sorry. That was nasty. And I apologize.”
My hand wraps around the bathroom doorknob, and I don’t give a damn.

I sit on the toilet with my pants around my ankles. My head hurts. How did I get here? What was in that glass of milk? 
Ice?
Nothing comes out. I flush to make them think I’m using it. What are they doing out there? What am I doing here? Maybe I should leave. Maybe this Drac’s not such a bad therapist. He’s made her happy, obviously. That’s what they do. It takes such confidence to do what he did. I wish I could do that: Talk with such power, and then kiss a girl that I didn’t even know.
I wonder what they’re doing.
I hope they’re not making love.
I’d kill that therapist out of mean jealousy. Or at least think it.
I pull my pants up and go outside into the hallway. The place is pitch black. I stand there with my ears wide open, listening for hints of pleasure. Must be around eight o’clock. I hold my hands out in front of my face and can barely see them. I hear a door open and turn around. I am met with Joann’s floating voice.
“I’m so happy, Rubs.”
“Yessm. Very good.”
“Thank you for bringing me here.”
I claw at the air for her.
“Good. Happy to help.”
“Drac is a genius.”
“I noticed.”
“It’s not what he says, it’s HOW he says it.”
“Yessm. He is the genius. Love him.”
“I will. Thank you so very much.”
“Where’s the genius now?”
“Sleeping on the floor. He cut up a star-shaped section of the carpet and says that sleeping in the star-shape section of the carpet gives him awesome, mental powers. Drac tells me, via telepathy, that therapy will be the new religion of the world. That in the future all shall bow down to therapy.”
“I think he’s a Satanist.”
“Even better.”
“I’m going home now. I’m hungry.”
“Drac says that you and I will be this religion’s new commanders. And that we will roam the earth converting the lame.”
“Who’s doing what now?”
“Drac also says that you can eat whatever he has in the refrigerator.”
“Like what?”
“Strawberry ice cream.”
“Then it is settled. Before I leave, I will eat his cream. Would you want to dine with me?”
“Yessm. I would.”
I stroll into the kitchen, hands held out before me just in case I walk into something scary. I can hear Joann walking back into the room and closing the door. I was hoping she’d eat with me. Hoping she’d want my company. Booo! Forget her. Just eat your strawberry ice cream and leave. Beat it. Scram.
Darkness.
I open what I feel is the freezer and dig around. It’s hot inside. Sweat is falling into my eyes. Something smells bad. My fingers dig into something soft. It feels like a face of some kind, except there’s a long, tube-like front. I feel sharp, tiny teeth…two eyes.
Is this some kind of saved-to-be-eaten-later, freakish, pig head that you can buy in China Town?
I quietly close the freezer and instinctively lick my fingertips. 
Stupid. 
It tastes like so many open sores. 
I throw up a little in my mouth with short gags and bring my hands to my throat and make surprising chirping sounds.
Unable to find the kitchen sink, I make a go for the bathroom, banging into walls. 
I turn on the faucet and drink handfuls of water, washing down the sick.
Visions of my mum boiling chicken’s feet in a bubbling pot, reeking up the whole house – the stink creeping up my nostrils while I sleep, giving me nightmares. That awful stink! Why did I go into the kitchen to see what was inside that pot? Why did I do it? Why did I look, when I already knew what it was? 
I sleep on the freezing floor as a baby would, sucking my thumb…and close my legs. 


“Bottlenose Connection”

THE SUN BEATING against my eyes. The sound of an obese jet, struggling from high above. I open my eyes and they hurt as if on fire. I reach up and grab the toilet, pulling myself up. Children are playing outside. They sound so joyous. I look out the window, but don’t see any kids. What I do see is an elderly, white woman with witch-like, stringy hair, speeding in a motorized wheelchair, chased by an exhausted policewoman who runs with her hands on her jingling belt.
I close the bathroom curtains for no reason and walk out into the hallway. The walls are painted black. At the end of the hallway, on the back wall, is drawn a giant red lightning bolt. Was all this here before? How could I have not noticed this odd detail? Do I need glasses that bad? Yes. Yes, I do.
I search the place, but find no sign of Drac or Joann.
The television doesn’t work.
I decide to raid his food, in anger and jealousy.
I open the freezer and fall back.
“GAG!”
There’s a dolphin’s head, between a box of frozen pizza and 5 bottles of water. The head is wrapped in cellophane – its teeth bared.
I poke at it with my pinky.
Nothing.
I think it’s safe to assume that it’s dead.
I feel my belly scolding me again, so I decide to lay off the food until noon. Maybe all I need is a little air. As I make my way through the living room, toward the balcony, I happen to glance down the hallway and this time notice something new.
A door near the back – painted black like the walls – that’s covered by a clear, thick plastic. I bring the cigarette box to my lips and bite out a stick. I’m not going to light it. I’m trying to quit (sometimes I wonder if all I have is some kind of weird, mouth fixation).
I walk to the covered door carefully, as if expecting something hideous to jump out and impregnate me.
A soft breeze whistles down the hallway, rustles the folds of plastic.
I play with the cig in my mouth – tonguing it to the other side – and open the door.
The stink SLAPS me on the nose and I gag. It is the heavy perfume of what I can only describe as the inside of someone’s mouth.
The room is quite large – even larger than the living room. The floor and walls are white, but covered in the same thick, clear plastic. There’s a lone window, looking out into the blue sky, also covered by plastic. Birds fly by, singing. In the middle of the room is the open corpse of a dolphin, on a plastic-covered table.
There’s a rather cartoon-sized butcher’s knife in its back.
I bring my right arm up and bury my face in the inside of my elbow.
I step on things: Bloodstained boxes with the handwritten words Aloha Happy Meat on them. Some boxes are sealed and addressed to India and Canada and Israel and France and Alaska and the Philippines. How are these boxes going to be shipped? Everything gets checked everywhere nowadays after 9/11. You can’t use the bathroom at McDonalds without being searched by a grinning security guard with a tattoo of a nude George W. Bush Jr. on her thick neck.
On bar stools, I see 6 answering machines. There are phone numbers on them. Curious, I call each one and receive these messages:

You make eye contact with a radical nun doing a cartwheel, in place. 

You squat in the middle of the aisle and you like it because I said so.

You kissed the priest with your mouth and then your tongue touched his tongue and he exploded into flames. 

You put a detachable clitoris into the offering basket. Will you notice?

A pregnant woman cries in the distance. Oh God, she has a hook for a hand!

You put mini corn into the holy wine jug, and then you say you did it. 

You touched the small of the priest's back.

This man is very smart. Obviously, these are codes – probably shipping instructions for his illegal meat, at least that’s what I make myself believe.
The dolphin seems oddly at peace.
It gives me the stiff one-eye.
I stick my finger out and touch the eye.
…Soft…Wet…Slick…
Then I touch its nose.
Hard, yet soft.
Like a cold burrito.
I decide to stay the night – to watch over Joann. I’ll be observant. I’ll see if she is truly, madly, deeply in love with him. If yes, then I’ll scram.
The phone on the kitchen wall rings. My heart JUMPS. I run out of the room and shut the door and pretty-up the noisy plastic, trying my best to get it looking just like I found it.
The voice on the other end of the phone is who I hope for.
It’s Polly.
She tells me that I have to get up early tomorrow for work. 
I tell her that’s fine, and that I shall do my best.
Polly asks if everything is going well with Joann, and I tell her “Yessm, excellent,” that she seems very happy indeed.
Polly explains that the reason for the early wake-up is an important one. The script changed due to crazy reasons and now the two of us have to go location scouting at 3 in the morning. The production is also running late, and we have to find a beach to film on ASAP before everything turns FUBAR – somewhere remote and picturesque. The idea of waking up at the crack of ass tires me.

An hour later

I stay in the bathroom the whole day with a sharpened spoon at my wrist…thinking about how I could end it all now. Maybe I can come back in my next life rich. As Paris Hilton. We choose our lives before we are born. 
So what the hell did I do – or not do – in MY past life to deserve this shitty life? Why the fuck didn’t I choose a more relaxing lifestyle?
I wish I KNEW what I was THINKING. 
But would it really be better if we all knew what we did in our past lives?
How would you live knowing that in your past life you raped that cow?
I press the sharp thing against my skin – against the hard, tube-like tendon. They say you should cut vertically, not horizontally like how you see in the movies or like how your depressed-therefore-they’re-cool emo pals say.
And then, of course, I can’t do it.
Blahhhhh.
If only I had the strength to push down faster. And then what? Come back in my next life as Angelina Jolie’s lips? Maybe. Then again, since it would be cheating, I really don’t think the Universe would sing praise to a soul that “gave up”.
At best, I might be lucky to come back as Steven Spielberg’s 26th stool.
I shrug and instead take a hot shower. Then it gets too hot, and I take a cold shower. 

Later…

I wake up on the toilet. It’s still dark out. Polly picks me up in a black van and we speed down to Ala Moana beach, across from Ala Moana Shopping Center. Polly tells me that we’re going to search this beach first. She loves it here – tells me that she has a pal, Mandy, whose mother gave birth to her on these sands.
I ask if Mandy is still around, and Polly tells me no, because she was run over by a drunken bus driver and is dead. I say my sorries, and we stroll down the beach, looking for a good spot for a scene in the movie involving two women who find a magical crab shell. The prop, made by Mr. Snake, is to have a mannequin’s torn hand holding onto it.
It was in the back of the van, wrapped in bubble-wrap. I had asked to see it earlier, but Polly said it would be bad luck for the production.
The sky is cloudless: A black skin with glowing pimples. The waves shhhhhhhushed and rolled away from the sands, shimmering under the moonlight.
We took our shoes off and held hands as we walked, feet cold, skin erect.
She tells me that she’s lonely, and puts her head on my shoulder. I think about how short I am and how disappointed I am at myself for not drinking enough milk as a young man. Polly brings her hands up and cups my face. I want to laugh for some hideous reason, but don’t because this is a precious moment.
We stare at each other for what feels like hours. Are the homeless hiding in the bushes, watching us and crying of better days?
Polly kisses me.
I pull back.
“Wow. Sorry. I don’t know why I pulled back. I’m not gay.”
She bear hugs me, lifting me off my feet. My toes wiggle sand.
She laughs.
“Aww, cute! My fucking God, you’re such a good boy! Weeeeeee!”
She spins me around. 
“Weeeeeeee!” I shriek.
Something heavy falls behind us.
We go to inspect it. Was it a coconut? Maybe the corpse of a bird that suffered a heart attack, mid-flight?
Five people in dolphin suits jump down from the trees, carrying electric guitars. Polly yanks my hair and yells into my face.
“Run away! Run away!”
I cry immediately, nodding, and run after her. In two seconds she is a bus’ length ahead of me. 
The crazies chasing after us hoot & holler: “None shall escape from the Dolphin Masters!”
Running on the sand in a panic is hard. It’s like you’re running in slow motion. My foot trips on a large shell and I hit the sand – my head landing in a family of tiny, wet, shiny black crabs that dance in my hair.
I jump up shrieking and spinning around, slapping myself on the face and punching my hair, trying desperately to get the crabs off my person.
I take a ready stance (a kind of half-crouch) and brace myself and POP my eyes open.
I am surrounded by fifteen Dolphin Masters. 
The costumes are open-mouthed, yet I can’t see the humans inside. Their costumes are thick, and honestly look quite uncomfortable. Their electric guitars – Fenders – dangle at their sides by black, furry straps. No one moves. Their dolphin eyes are round and eerie – poorly made and crooked.
The waves hush.
The group parts, making way for a naked woman, painted in a glitter-based blue that shimmers, gloriously. She wears the decapitated, hallowed head of a real dolphin. A Dolphin Master guides her at all times, for she is blind while wearing the dolphin head.
She holds her hands out in front of her while walking in tiny baby steps, scratching the air. Her guide stands her before me, and then something beautiful happens. The Dolphin Masters take hold of their guitars and play Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin, although the sound is a tad retarded and sad, seeing how their instruments have no power.
She crosses her arms.
“For the endangerment of the holy ones – meaning dolphins – the punishment is…YOU DIE NOW.”
She makes to point at me, but aims a little too low, if you know what I mean.
Her guide corrects her.
“The punishment is death. How plead you, ma’am?”
“I…”
“Silence, leaky anus! You filth of swine! Oh, man.”
I want to run away. Can I outrun them? I wait for my move. Like the answer to every problem: Timing is everything.
The Dolphin Queen, as they call her in the Midweek newspaper, walks toward me, blindly.
She trips and falls like a dull slap.
Her dolphin head rolls off and she begins to squirm and bounce on the sands like a fresh baby while making annoying pig sounds.
She springs up before me and crosses her arms as if nothing happened.
“Now you see my true face, ma’am.”
I want to say that I’m sorry, but I’m afraid I’ll anger her.
She brings her crossed arms higher to cover her breasts.
“Destructors, destroy!”
“No! I’m sorry!”
“Silence, man!”
The Dolphin Masters make bear-like sounds and raise their guitars for the attack. The Queen laughs with her head reeled back and I PUSH her angrily while drooling madly. She falls back into the arms of her guide. The Dolphin Queen points at my retreating bulk and SCREAMS.
“Waaaaaaaaaaaah!”
The others run after me, many of them falling because running on sand is hard.
Each time one of them falls, I hear a high-pitched shrill, like a baby pig being squeezed by a proud muscleman.
A voice calls me:
“Rubs! This is Polly! I’m in the parking lot! I want to help you! Hurry!”
I run after her voice.
“God, help meeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Now! Right now!”
I see her in the van and I hop inside.
The Dolphin Masters throw their guitars through the windows. The headlights sweep across the parking lot and land on two, female, 80-year-old Dolphin Masters, squatting on the road, undressing quickly and flinging mad poop at us, which thud against the windshield like moist sandwiches.
Polly grinds her teeth and leans into the wheel.
“GO!”
She steps on the gas and the Dolphin Masters jump out of the way – their aged breasts jiggling. They land tough on the road and roll under cars. As we jet into the night, I look in the rearview mirror to see them jumping up and down and shaking her fists at us, crying.
The van is furious.
Polly exhales.
We look at each other.
I begin to cry.
“I’m so sorry.”
She opens her mouth to say something lovely, then looks to the road AND SHRIEKS.
“Whaaaat!”
THE VAN FLIES INTO A DOLPHIN MASTER GIVING US THE MIDDLE FINGER AND DESTROYS THE FIEND.
Its body rolls OVER the van with the noise of many pigs’ feet.
The van screeches to a halt.
My head bumps against the dashboard and I fly back in my seat, screaming as it reclines and throws me off.
Polly hops out of the car and slides open the side door.
THUNDER in the clouds.
Polly puts her hand over my mouth and puts a silencing finger to her scared lips.
“Thunder…thunder in the clouds.”
I nod.
“Oh, heinous omen.”
She grabs a baseball bat. We walk to the van’s rear and hold hands as our faces turn sour.
There, in the middle of the road, under a drizzle of rain, the Dolphin Master stands, head bowed, its back to us, swaying from left to right.
Polly walks toward it, dragging me along as she readies to hit the Dolphin Master with the bat. Its plastic waist wrinkles as it sways over and over again, arms swinging. I can see through the back of Polly’s wet scalp: The closer she gets, the wider she grins.
THUNDER and the sky FLASHES.
The Dolphin Master looks up and jumps and takes off for the shopping center.
Polly raises a commanding finger into the moist air as lightning explodes the sky – says, “Pursue!”
She runs after the Dolphin Master and goes “Roarrr!” and I follow her, waving my arms in the air, yelling at her to be careful not to run into the mini-lake.
She jumps over a tiny hill into the night and I lose sight of her. I am depressed, and stop, struggling to breathe – my hands on my knees.
“Polly! Polly! Polly! Polly! Polly! Polly! Polly! Polly! Polly! Oh!”
…silence…
…pitter-patter of rain…
Then…

POLLY: “Gaaaaaah!”

SPLASH!

I run toward her voice, to the lake.
The mall lights bounce and snake on the surface of the lake. Polly is wrestling with the Dolphin Master. Her hands squeak over the costume, trying to latch on. Polly head butts it in the face. The dolphin puts her in a headlock.
It looks at me – frozen – as they sink sink sink, disappearing under the lake.
Stillness.
Cars in the distance.
Tiny figures on sidewalks, carrying shopping bags.
I kneel down to the edge of the lake.
I see my waving reflection.
A HAND SPLASHES OUT AND GRABS MY HAIR.
I yell out like a girl and slap my hands over Polly’s wrist, hauling her out from the lake as she pulls out the Dolphin Master.
We lay on the dirt, muddy and tired, our chests struggling and bothered.
Except for the Dolphin Master.
It rests there.
Motionless.


PART THREE


“The Wonderful World of Amputees”

(A note from the editor: “Hello. The original section of this book was found to be too disgusting. The following has been edited to please the casual reader. Mahalo.)

WE PUT THE CORPSE in the back of the van and drive around, aimlessly, frightened. I don’t know where she’s driving. Does she even know? I work up the courage to say something, and ask her what we are going to do with this body.
For a long time she doesn’t say anything – the street lights passing over her face. Is she ignoring me? Is she mad at me?? I think she’s mad at me.
I lean back in my seat, always remembering that there’s a corpse right behind me, on the ground, rocking with the van.
But what if it wasn’t on the ground?
What if I turn around and find it standing up? Ready to eat me?
I make to look behind me when Polly opens her mouth.
“Mr. Snake can help us.”
She makes the call, and from what I can gather, we are to drive over to his house, the main movie set in Aina Haina, pronto.


He is alone in the house, topless, in his Angelina Jolie boxers, and helps us carry the body into the attic. That was a bitch, getting it up there, as you can imagine.
Mr. Snake kicks up a few, large, dusty floorboards and stuffs the body under. Polly asks if we should take whoever it is out of the dolphin costume first. Mr. Snake says no:
“Ziplocs the smell in better.”
He then throws a plastic bag over the thing’s head and wraps it with wire. I want to throw up. I didn’t want to before, but now I do, so there.
I excuse myself and hightail it across the attic, jumping down the attic ladder and speed-walking into the bathroom.
After doing the nasty, I wash up and stand in the dim, silent hallway, leaning on a wall, gathering my thoughts.
I think about the time I went to Pink Cadillac, during 8o’s night. I smoked my 1st Hookah that day – a large water contraption with flavored tobacco. Mmm. Peppermint Vodka. And then weeks later, mmm, sour Apple.
Oh! And before I forget: Mmm. Liquid Cocaine. A magical, alcoholic beverage with pineapple.
A disturbing sound wakes me from dreamland: Sounds of lovemaking and things being knocked over. Grr! That whore. Flirting with me then eating Mr. Snake’s finger food. Oh, she’s such a whore!
Whatever. Fuck it. Let’s see if there’s any booze in the kitchen.
Huzzah! I’m so pissed.
Whore.
I open the refrigerator and sure enough – a bottle of UV Blue.
I inhale, roll all my problems into a ball, and toast with a sigh.
“L'chiam.”
I drink from the bottle and go numb for a bit.
“That’s good cake.”
I feel the stiff one-eye on me. I look to my right.
A large, fat, Japanese man in a Hawaiian shirt stares at me through the front, sliding glass door, breathing heavily and misting up the glass, his eyes wide & insane. My heart goes Ack! 
I stare back. He writes in the fog with his beefy pinky, backwards so I can understand…
Pain.
Feet running up the front stairs.
More fat Japanese men in Hawaiian shirts appear behind the first man, who snarls and spits on the glass and PULLS the sliding door open with a mighty SLAM! They all storm in. They carry black briefcases and mugs of steaming coffee. A short, fattish, muscle-bound Polynesian man pushes through the crowd and approaches me. A silver whistle half the size of his head dangles from his neck.
This fellow asks to see Mr. Snake. He has a womanish voice, although I have no intention of laughing.
I point and (gladly) tell them where he is. The fatty blows on the whistle in quick TOOT TOOT TOOTS and everyone runs down the hallway and up the attic ladder.
I can hear Polly:
“Jesus H. Christ! The Porn Mafia!” 
There’s more yelling & screaming and the sounds of glass shattering and umbrellas opening and heavy things being thrown through walls.
Mr. Snake dangles out from the attic door in an upside-down sit-up, his arms clawing the air, screeching, “Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why! Why!” with his tongue swinging from his mouth.
So many beefy hands reach down and grab his man-boobs. He squeals like a chased pig and is pulled up. Polly yells at them to be gentle. There is the whirr of an irate buzz-cutter.
Seconds later, Mr. Snake falls from the attic, naked, and rolls down the hallway like crumpled paper. His penis is erect, his eyes are bloodshot and black and blue, his arms are bent at impossible angles, and his hair has been shaved off.
A wind chime has been stapled to his testicles, though, amazingly, no blood is seen.
This poor fellow uses his chin to crawl toward me with his mouth pooling. There’s a hideous clucking sound coming from his throat. He doesn’t blink. I wonder if he can even see through those thick, red eyes.
The gigantic Hawaiian men jump down from the attic, in slow motion. They fold their arms across their chests as they coolly walk after Mr. Snake. A naked Polly falls down onto the hallway with a comical yelp, jumping to her feet and pushing through the mob. She flies her body down over Mr. Snake to protect him. A Hawaiian man picks her up by the ankle and covers his eyes so as to not see her vagina region, because he’s a gentleman.
I eye a knife in a tall glass of water, on the table.
The tiny man bites his nails, looking at his watch over and over. Mr. Snake and Polly are brought to his attention – held in the air by their feet, wiggling like confused fishies and whining.
“Weeeeee! Weeeeeeeee!” they complain.
Tiny man walks behind them and slaps their buttocks, violently, while grunting in anger.
He stands before Mr. Snake, who’s crying in an extreme way. His drool bubbles and runs down into his nostrils and marinates his red eyes. 
The tiny man takes hold of Mr. Snake’s cheeks with one hand.
“You owe us a movie, you leaky anus you.”
Mr. Snake responds in a calm, friendly voice, “Are you mad at me?”
“No, not mad…just greatly disturbed.”
“The film will be done soon. Count on it.”
“It’s not how long it’s taking that disturbs me.”
“Oh?”
“No. It’s the fact that you didn’t follow my instructions about the fair usage of amputees. What were you thinking, leaky anus? You knew I’d come down and complain.”
“Sorry, I’m diabetic.”
“I will be sending some appropriate actors over, seeing how you failed to provide your own. I suggest you use them. This is an untouched market. This is a virgin market. Thar be gold here! Now what’s the matter with you?”
“Uhg. Blood rushing down into my upside-down face. Uhg!”
The tiny man leans in close to him and says: “Now your punishment. I saw this in Spiderman.” 
He kisses Mr. Snake’s upside-down mouth. The Hawaiian men all go “Aww” and look at each other, smiling. Some of them are smoking rollem’ up cigarettes.
The tiny man releases his lip-lock with a POP and puts his hand to his dizzy head. Mr. Snake swings back and forth in the air, and then weeps with quivering lips.
“Oh, hot Jesus…The Kiss of Herpes!”
“There is no cure for herpes. And there are many different kinds.”
Mr. Snake jiggles his body in anger, the wind chime chiming.
“I want to kiss my children in the future! You bastard!”
The tiny man laughs.
Polly spits into his mouth.
He is surprised.
“Human saliva is not clean like a dog’s.”
Polly spits into his mouth.
“How dare you give him herpes?? You’ve ruined everything!”
“You want some too, faggit?!”
“Please, no. Forgive me on this fateful night. Now I will say good day to you, sir.” 
Fatty bows and puts on a pair of shades, although it’s nighttime.
“Now I will leave you, Mr. Snake, so you may complete your film.”
“Yessssssssm.”
The tiny man tips his invisible hat.
“Goodbye, Polly.”
“Goodbye, kind sir.”
“Goodbye, Mr. Snake.”
“Goodbye, Boseefus.”
Mr. Snake and Polly are set carefully on the ground, and they sniffle as the Porn Mafia exit.
I walk out from the kitchen and calmly lock the sliding glass door, watching as their Saturn automobiles disappear into thick night, brake lights blinking red.
I look to the carpet and see that Mr. Snake and Polly have fallen fast asleep in each other’s arms.
The room sighs.
Goddamnit.

In the morning, Mr. Snake wakes up screeching and mad. He instructs Polly to squeeze his hands and for me to call an ambulance.
We get to Straub Hospital. The three female doctors tell us that our friend is crazy, and that their primary concern is for his testicles. They ask how a wind chime was stapled to them, and we tell them that he fell down some stairs. The doctors look at us suspiciously, and then walk into a room with double doors.
Polly and I sit alone in the waiting room.
We say nothing. I purposefully try to breathe as quietly as possible.
Within fifteen minutes, a joyous Mr. Snake, wearing patient’s clothes, is released in a motorized wheelchair that’s controlled by his chin. His arms are in slings. A baseball cap from the 90’s with a rainbow and the words GO BOWS on it covers his bald head!

We drive back to the house/set to get back to work. The crew is already there, and it doesn’t take long for the place to be filled with more unnecessary adult actors and actresses. I’m getting used to this. A nude mother, breastfeeding a weeping baby, sits on the carpet, legs crossed, in front of the TV, watching a documentary on The Travel Channel about the world’s most scariest places. 
What’s the world’s #1 most scariest place on my list?
Haystack Landing, just north of San Francisco in the town of Petaluma, California.
From now on Mr. Snake will have to direct strictly from his motorized wheelchair…and he seems fine by it, showing off his new wheels to everyone in the living room by lifting the front wheels into the air and spinning around really fast.
He goes a little too far back and falls over. Everyone gasps and says “Sorry, sorry” for some reason, helping him as he crawls, moaning, into his wheelchair.
Once upright & stable, the fat cat jumps on his lap. Mr. Snake touches it.
“I love cats, because they’re quiet.”
At one o’clock exact, a line of amputees are standing outside the sliding glass door. There appears to be a total of 10 of them: 5 women with no legs, 5 men with no arms – who have graciously carried the girls on their shoulders. They have all brought their own robes, which they are wearing, barefoot. As I let them in, I hear the roar of a large vehicle, zoom zoom zooming off into the distance.
After a long introduction by Mr. Snake about the politics and hazards of the porn industry and how important it is to be very very careful of herpes, we all get ready for the film’s shot-out-of-order 5th love scene.
We all set up in a cramped room with a very high roof. Pink, rubber ropes dangle. The amputees are tied to these ropes and they begin to bounce up and down immediately.
“Hurray! Good!” they all go.
I set up the camera, messing with the color balance. Mr. Snake comes in on his wheelchair while eating a brick of tofu in a pink bowl. He instructs everyone to hurry up toot sweet or else he’ll start raging. This seems to work, for I notice everyone picking up the pace and grumbling how much this job doesn’t pay as much as they thought it would and how much they would, and I quote, ‘love to stick that brick of tofu up Mr. Snake’s sweet sweet ass’.
While the technicians prepare the other rubber ropes, the remaining amputees play on the carpet, entertaining all by sitting on their buttocks and sliding across the floor with their available limbs, racing one another and laughing – having a riot. The spectators bet and cheer them on as their naked flesh race for joy.
Having finished his tofu, Mr. Snake holds his hands out and claps once, dramatically: A loud thunder crack.
Everyone freezes. 
He says with a stern gaze:
“Discipline!” 
Everyone jumps up and scurries around. The director claps again and they all get in position: The light techies stand behind their lights and soundboards; the rope techies tie the rubber ropes to the amputees’ hips; the actors and extras get in place, staring at the floor. The director nods and grunts, “Hmph! So extraordinary.” 
People exhale a sigh of relief. 
Someone lets loose gas.
Shhh.
This is important.
Mr. Snake says Action and directs:
“Cue bounciness!”
The technicians lift the amputees higher and higher. They bounce up and down on the rubber ropes. Those with no legs are upside down, clapping their hands. 
“Cue sex people!”
What I see next makes me wonder.
An obese woman, wearing a black, shiny, plastic suit and a red gasmask, guides in a naked, black couple that I have not seen before. This strange, enchanting woman holds their hands, petting their hair. The fat woman’s suit squeaks as she strolls.
The couple seems afraid. The woman lets them go and they hold each other. They sit on the bed and the large guide walks away, whistling a foreboding tune. I notice that her monster buttocks are spilling from her horror-suit. No one seems to care. What’s going to happen now?
Odd. I hear chanting. Where is it coming from? 
A 16-year-old girl next to me, holding a large electrical cord that’s 12 inches thick and 3 inches long, is shaking all over. Something is stank. What is it? I need to know or else it’ll drive me sideways. Maybe it’s a gaggle of roaches. Cockroaches break wind every 15 minutes.
Mr. Snake instructs the black couple to start kissing and to touch each other in a sexy way: They do, faces uncertain, eyes so scared – wide, staring into the camera. Mr. Snake says, “Sweet, Jesus! Don’t look into the camera! Are you professional or not? You want me to break these lights for some reason?! You and I are done, man, professionally. But let’s keep going anyway. ACTION!”
They make love as the amputees dangle above them, spinning and flapping like bizarre birds.
The actors lose concentration and stare up at them. Mr. Snake makes a scary face and the actors begin to cry. They look for a blanket to hide under, but find nothing but a silver shield – like something King Arthur would use.
Golden words on the shield read: King Arthur’s.
Mr. Snake shrieks out, “And with a blast from his mighty nostrils!” and the technicians let go of the ropes. All the amputees fall through the air, shrilling and pulling at their hair. Then the techies grab onto the ropes. The amputees stop dead-air and BOUNCY BOUNCE like rag dolls – their limps flopping here and there. They make strange drowning sounds. 
Mr. Snake gives the techies the signal (he brings his hands up and masturbates his neck) and they yank on the rubber ropes over and over. The amputees bounce in the air, some touching the bed, some twirling around & around like a merry-go-round.
They appear to be laughing.
Mr. Snake points to the black couple in a violent manner: With tiny jabs, his face torn, eyes huge with impatience. He shoves his hands into his mouth, happy.
The actors nod and clap.
Mr. Snake shakes his head.
“Sex her!”
He throws money at them: “A total of $20,” says an idiot savant, standing next to me. “In coins.”
Mr. Snake points at all the shiny coins.
“That’s your motivation, fool!” 
The actors kiss each other in a sloppy way – eyes crazy and staring at the bouncing feet and arms around them. They are kicked and slapped in the head, accidentally, yet keep acting. Mr. Snake nods in approval. 
“They are professional.”
An unidentified man behind a hanging blanket pulls on a large lever…and fantastic flowers fall all around the scene.
I’m happy with my color balance: Everything that’s red – including the flowers – is bright and radiant.
The same shadow-figure behind the blanket pulls down on a thick rope above his head. Glorious God music plays from some mysterious place: A large chorus full of faith and energy.
“Lalalala! Hallelujah! Amen!” 
There are gay trumpets and deafening drums and mean saxophones.
“Rhythm sex!” says the director to the actors.
The shadow behind the blanket wall now picks up a microphone and clears his throat through the annoying feedback. He says, defiantly:
“All hail Jay-zus! Allow his mighty ways to cut through your soul like the Flaming Sword of all that is Good and Holy!” 
The actors on the bed make fast love – both making fake sounds of intense pleasure & pain. There is also some fake screaming. In a Hallmark moment, the male actor holds the female in his arms and smiles and gently massages his hand into her vagina, going all the way up to his elbow. He says, “I can feel intestine.” The female repays him by widening his penis slit with pliers and pushing a long hairpin into his hard shaft. 
She says to him, “They do this in the Middle East.” 
“Oh come now, that’s so wonderful.”
She masturbates him while the preacher preaches.
“Ye who urinates in the house of God shall have the Satan Penis nibbled off with many rabbit and rabid bites; and the bits shall be distributed amongst the kings and queens of the world and outer planets and they must all swallow the Penis bits while crying for they must be ashamed – it is a must! For the Lord our God enjoys to watch all weep and ask for his mercy for he is not only a sadist but he is also insecure. Woe woe woe his sad sad ways. LOL. Amen…and Awomen. The end.”
The man slaps the woman’s hands from his penis. He yanks at his hair as sperm fly out in strange chunks and splat against the wall. “This is not professional!” he says, throwing fistfuls of his hair at the bouncing amputees.
The technicians yank and yank yank yank yank on the rubber ropes, looking to the director and waiting for him to say Okay enough. But Mr. Snake doesn’t say that. 
He watches, eating another large brick of tofu from his messy hands – eating like a horse – his mouth going down and munching. 
He doesn’t care if tofu gets into his nose.
I find that most disturbing.
The couple stares in fright as the man’s penis shakes like something weird and machineguns more white stuff. The woman cries out to Jesus.
“My contacts! They hurt me! It’s like when I’m driving and dirt gets in them!”
She stands on the bed and jumps up and down, hands covering her eyes. She gives a MIGHTY jump and flies over the room with a “Blahhhhhh!” She tucks and rolls across the floor, straight into the bathroom where she slides into the toilet. The door slams shut behind her, somehow.
The man complains, “Not my mess! Not my mess!” He runs to the bathroom and pounds on the door. “I love you! Not my mess, I says!”
Mr. Snake points at me, then to the bathroom. I understand and point the camera at the actors and their drama. 
Is this all scripted? 
Because I’m sweating.
Mr. Snake looks to the technicians and gives them the signal to stop yanking it. 
And so they stop, breathless.
The amputees fall onto the bed and bounce into the air and then land on the floor. They rest for 5 seconds, dead-looking, their limbs tangled over limbs, and then rise as if nothing has happened. They stand around the monitors, analyzing the shot while scratching their itchy, naked parts. One amputee, with no legs, appears to have a rash. She scratches at her neck furiously, to the point where she pops a vein and blood streams into the air, sparkling under the hot lights.
A female teenager screams out in disgust and collapses, then stands right back up and vomits into her hands. She looks down on her filth and says, “What have I become, what have I become?”
She collapses and doesn’t get back up.
Two female-coworkers pick her up and carry her on their shoulders, like a log, and march off toward a room. 
“HUT HUT HUT HUT HUT HUT,” they chant. 
The women lock the door behind them. There are the curious sounds of a drill, ice cracking, and giggling.
I want to see what’s going on in there, but something in my stomach says, Please don’t do that to me.
The black man, standing naked at the bathroom door, gets down on his hands and knees and peeks under the door, his buttocks kissing sky. As I fear, Mr. Snake wheels his way next to me and tugs on my arm, then whispers into my ear something horrific.
“For the love of all that is good…get a close up.”
I exhale, depressingly, and do as told.
I put my hand to my mouth, trying to hold down the acidic vomit that’s rising and settling in my throat. Dear God, it burns so bad.
Mr. Snake massages the area between his thighs. He sees that I see him and puts his hand down. He smiles at me, waving, but I don’t smile back.
From under the door, the bathroom lights click off.
The door creeks open.
All is silent.
It’s dark inside.
The naked man steps inside, tippy-toeing.
HIS NAKED WIFE JUMPS OUT FROM BEHIND THE DARKNESS AND HITS HIM OVER THE HEAD WITH THE HEAVY LID THAT COVERS A TOILET’S INNER-WORKINGS.
She runs to the door and opens her mouth, wiggling her tongue at us and yelling “Blahhhh!” and making devil horns. She SLAMS the door shut.
We all listen.
Something is being torn.
Then it sounds like she’s eating something.
I remember Mr. Snake looking up to me and saying:
“Eating something?”
He then eats his nails, scared.
The men in film crew walk outside – some of them bow their heads as they leave, while many kick invisible trash. The women stay, out of concern.
From the bottom of the door, the lights flick on and off in a lunatic fashion.
Mr. Snake looks up to me.
“Broken light now?”
He bites his nails.
THE SOUND OF A WINDOW CRASHING.
I run to the door – camera still rolling on the tripod – and kick down the door. The entire room gasps!
The bathroom is empty.
The window has indeed been smashed to tiny bits.
Feet run behind me.
I hop over the tub and peek outside the window, expecting to see the woman running into the woods, meat jiggling.
But nay. 
Nothing. 
Just darkness.
And loud crickets.
I look down into the tub and see the naked black man. His tongue lolls out from a jagged hole in his cheek, and his stomach has been eaten out. His weewee is covered by a strange family of clear bubbles.
Eyes open, he gives a sharp yelp, followed by many short, sharp yelps (I zoom in on his face as he does this). The women try to stop his foolishness by punching him on the face and biting his feet, but it is no good. He is far gone.
Mr. Snake golf claps.
“Cut!”

I don’t remember much after that. Runaway images of alcohol…and praying to a giant tree…and flying on a swing. Now I’m waking up on the roof alone with a pillow and blanket, staring at the moon and smoking a roll’em up cigarette that I proudly made.
Over the black hills I see the blue & red rainbow of police lights. They are speeding down to the house. (Did all of that stuff really happen? Good God.) 
I run back inside to tell the others, but they already know about it. Appropriate, fast-drumming, Middle Eastern music plays from a room, LOUD. Everyone is in a panic – running here and there and nowhere. The amputees are lifted and thrown out a window, where people outside hold a mattress, awaiting their fall. 
I make to slide my shoes on and find worms inside. 
What the fuck, right? 
Dumping them out, I put my shoes on and turn around and see:
A baby girl is crying on the floor.
I pick her up, due to bad memories, and run around, asking speeding faces about her parental unit. No one stops to listen. I manage to actually stop a few people, but they all seem to do a kind of panicky dance, running in place and flapping hands. This blasted kid is screaming in my ear now, but I keep my cool.
A Middle Eastern woman runs past me and snatches the baby away. Must be the mum – seeing how the baby stopped crying.
Polly takes my hand and we climb over the kitchen sink and jump out the window and bounce off the mattress. 
We run into the van and zippidy dooda away. 
I look behind us and see all the police cars in the tiny distance, parking at the house, kicking up clouds of dust that swirl in the headlights.
I notice something in the attic that frightens me.
Someone is standing behind the window: A still shadow behind licking flames.
I can’t shake the feeling that I’m being watched.
Why can’t I look away?


I FIND MYSELF frustrated by my old school chums. As for my current “friends”: It’s been a few weeks since I last saw Polly and Mr. Snake and the amputees. I’m lonely and again have my eyes on a girl that I enjoy being around. Unfortunately, my friends are prejudice to where she hangs out, and because I’m afraid of conflict of any kind, I don’t date her. 
I don’t want my pals mad at me.
Sheesh.
I’m giving up my happiness for them.
I’m miserable! I can’t talk to them about it. 
Because all I’ll get is: I don’t care.
Just be happy for me, guys.
All I want to hear is, “GO for it. True, we don’t agree with your choice, and true she annoys us just in general, but you like her. She makes you happy, no? Yessm. GO for it. And if you happen to fall, we’ll pick you up.”
But something tells me I’m not going to hear that. So I feel that I have to distance myself from them, and have. I find myself very interested in other things now, in doing many things, creating many things…just enjoying life, dammit.

September 19th. It’s my birthday today. I turn 26. As I feared, none of my friends remember. I can understand if pals that I’ve only known for about a year don’t remember, but when it’s someone you knew since age 16…then it’s a tad sad.
Uh oh…depression sets in.
What am I going to do with them? Do they hate me now? Are they now starting to realize what an idiotic fool I really am?
(points to self)
Stop talking.
Man up.


Days later…

After the death of Mr. Snake, and hours of silence, we find a beach to film the last scene on. The place is called China Man’s Hat because it looks like a china man’s hat. Or a witch’s hat, in my opinion.
I throw out the option of filming during the day because it’ll be a bitch bringing in lights, and on a beach of all places, where it’s hard to run, let alone walk. And since I’m the director, Polly and all the tech-heads agree. None of them argue with me or anything. It’s amazing. I’m getting my ass kissed and not handed to me and it fells a little good, and tingly. Power is interesting, and like a great poet once said, “With great power, comes great responsibility.”
That’s from Spiderman.
I try my best not to let it get to me. I have a job to do. Time to grow up. People are depending on you!
Speaking of Spiderman, or in this case, Spider-Man, the movie was directed by one of my favorite directors, Sam Raimi (The Quick & The Dead, Darkman, A Simple Plan), who also revolutionized the horror genre with his film The Evil Dead, starring the funniest actor in the whole wide world, Mr. Bruce Campbell. And I stress on Camp. 
Haha.
My all time favorite director is David Lynch. His films aren’t movies so much as they’re moving paintings with sound. If you don’t like looking at paintings, though, then stay away from his films – like Lost Highway or Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me – because you will fall asleep.

Earlier…

Polly drives me to the set and on our way I start to get the monkeys. A fight is in my stomach. What if no one listens to me? What if everyone LISTENS to me, but with empty eyes? What if I bend over to pick up a cute crab and my pants split. What if I start stuttering, badly, even more than I usually do? W-w-what if they look at me funny because it looks like a 16-year-old is giving them orders. Adults hate getting orders from kids because it’s embarrassing – although I really am 26 now.
To ease my stupid, stupid brain, I keep my mind focused on one thing.
Have FUN.

Later…

Everyone’s here, ready to go. I walk on the sand, barefoot, and pace back & forth, reading the scene. And this is what it says, seriously, word for word:


EXT. BEACH – DAY

Main character (lady) and man. Sex. 

THE END.


I ask Polly if I can have the sex synopsis for this scene. Things will go a lot faster if we just follow what’s already written and not improvise, but she tells me that Mr. Snake urinated on all those pages because he thought the pages were laughing at him and then he burned the pages and then urinated on them and then ate the soggy ashes, just to show them who’s the boss.
I say something like, “Jesus Christ!”
Polly says that Snake didn’t like writers who tried to direct through their scripts, and that it made him mad and, in his own words, feel “devilish”.
My eyes are popping out of my head. What am I to do now??
“He seemed happy with the old scripts, that fiend.”
“Yes, well, that was before he was bald.”
Hey, Lord in Heaven, I don’t want to adlib directions – this’ll be like going to a stranger’s house naked and putting on their clothes in the dark. Lord, I don’t want to come out wearing a dress.
The sea is calm.
The sun yawns.
In the distance, I see a dark storm brewing, a growing ink stain in the sky. We have to go NOW. No time to dillydally. My mind races. The creative juices are flowing. 
By God, I’m alive!
I tell Polly to instruct some of the techs, who seem to be just standing around, sniffing their salty arms, to circle the main (naked characters) with reflectors. They do, and the actors immediately complain.
“It burns, it burns!” they both say, hands covering their naughty bits.
I soothe them and say how great their tans will be. They take their hands off their genitalia and smile at me, then smile at each other, then bring their faces together and then open their mouths and eject their tongues.
They roll around on the sand.
I bring the camera closer and give them a single direction:
“Adlib.”
They give me the thumbs up and continue making love as the winds picks up and caress the palm trees and fling sand into the actors’ hair and onto their finger foods.
Actors like being free to do what they do best, their way. Isn’t that true of everyone?
If you don’t like how an actor is working the scene, then you shouldn’t have hired them. It’s no good controlling them. You end up with something, like, “How about you do it your damn self!”
The script has changed so much.
Central actors have gone missing (like Joann) and replaced.
The actors in this scene are Jack Payback and Master Bait.
At this point, I fear that the film will turn out to be nothing more than a compilation of cold, meat banging. 
Or I could use the magic of postproduction and ADD IN a story with witty editing and seductive voice-overs. 
Yessm, that’s the ticket! 
Good!
I pan down and notice a red puddle.
Seems to me that Master is bleeding. Jack goes on green, but does Jack stop on red? I wanna say something, but the scene is going strong. 
I keep rolling.
Jack Payback lies on the sand and stretches his arms out and yawns. Master gets up and sits on his face, scaring him. I catch my breath. Will he get mad? I wait for Jack to shriek out or something, waiting for him to say, “Eww, her vertical mouth is bleeding!” 
But he says nothing.
I hear of people doing this, on the Interweb, but I never, ever, want to see it. Maybe you have to be in the moment. 
I look around, at the crew. No one seems to care – all squinting from the heat. I’m sure they all just want to hurry and end this so they can pack up and skedattle.
The male actor gets up after having sex.
“Sorry, my dear, seems I have missed you this whole time. I was making love to the sand!”
All laugh. 
He has no belly button, just like Alfred Hitchcock.
“CUT!” I yell, and excuse myself to use the restroom.

Written in a stall is: Open your eyes…never blink.

I flush and exit.
The world outside suddenly turns dark and angry.
It’s super windy. Is this rain or spit from the ocean? Wind BLASTS past my ears. I lean forward as I walk to the van. Everything’s gray. I squint and see Polly in the driver’s seat, yelling through the glass and pointing crazily at something behind me.
I turn around and jump out of the way as a surfboard flies by and sticks into a tree with a dull THUNGGGG. A dark-skinned woman runs up and tugs on the board, yelling angry things at me, but I can’t hear a word she’s saying. I try to help her free her board, but I’m skinny. She gives it one good kick with her naked foot and loosens her precious thing, but it doesn’t come out. She runs into the restroom. I can see her sitting in a corner, near the entrance, pulling out thorns from her feet, shrieking, staring at me.
The wind scoops me off my feet and throws me a good thirty feet back. Polly FLASHES the headlights and HONKS HONKS HONKS.
I pick myself off the grass and run to the van in slow motion. 
As we drive off, trembling, I point out that the waterfalls on the mountaintops are moving backwards! 
She looks at me funny and says that they’re flying skyward due to the strong updraft.


Days earlier…

It’s been a week since the cops raided the house. Mr. Snake and Polly and I have a little meeting on top a dangerous, pointy mountain, overlooking the Honolulu city lights. We talk about where we can begin filming to finish the movie. Mr. Snake is excited – very excited. 
With crazy eyes he tells us that we’re all going to be very rich – that our film will knock all other adult films out of the water – that it’s going to rock the Porn World – that we’ll make so much money we’ll be able to buy all the porn we can eat.
The film crew arrives – all the actors and gaffers and amputees and carpenters. Mr. Snake and Polly applaud as they all walk toward us. Soon we find ourselves in a monstrous, large circle, drinking Budlight and taking Jell-O shots while the director plays on a guitar – songs from Rat and The Who and The Doors and Metallica and Michelle Branch…and even “Toxic” by the great Brittany Spears.
An hour flies by.  
We’re all drunk out of our shoes and dancing like snakes to an acoustic version of Madonna’s “Like a Virgin”.
I don’t remember who – maybe Polly – but someone starts a bonfire. Many stick marshmallows and tomatoes and packets of raw noodles and chicken guts through long, sharp swords, holding them above the crackling flames. We sing over the loud fire. I notice that one man, sitting directly across from me, beyond the slithering fumes, is actually shrieking the lyrics – his face a constant flicker of shadows.
A fight inevitably breaks out between two naked male actors. One shouts to the other, “This is truth! My penis is bigger than yours because I rub mayonnaise on it! This is truth! Here’s the proof! See? It works! Look at its stiff image in awe! This is awesome!”
The challenger is a skinny fellow from India whose dingle hopper is visibly much larger than the other gentleman. He shoots his hand out and grabs onto the other’s penis and squeezes like a loony person. The victim screams out and flails his arms in the air, mimicking a swimmer’s backstroke.
“Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!”
The Middle Eastern fellow tightens his grip and yells out.
“Sook sook the manuke!”
“Aiiiiiiiiiiii! Release your hold!”
“Hit me, you’re so tough!”
The pitiful man tries to punch him, but each throw of a fist results in a tug of the penis. Mr. Snake steps in and slaps the Middle Eastern man’s hand away.
“Stop this nonsense! We are professionals living in a material word!”
“No one slaps my hand! This is my money hand! I’m a hand model. R-e-s-p-e-c-t me, you will, Godfongit!”
Mr. Snake rips off his shirt and erects his chest to show that he’s not afraid. The Middle Eastern man gasps and takes a step back…then takes two steps forward. 
Mr. Snake goes “Hmph!” 
He stomps his foot to appear frightening.
“Mr. Snake erects his chest to show that he’s not afraid.”
Then he takes a sword and cuts an “X” across his chest and throws the sword into a tree.
“What are thou going to do? Bleed on me?? YOU slapped MY hand!”
“You drunkard.”
“Blasphemy!”
Middle Eastern man punches the director in the face and sends him flying through a thick, termite ridden oak tree. It explodes into splinters that get into people’s eyes. They run about crying and jogging into trees. They give up and sit on the pinecone-carpeted ground, weeping and drinking a beer, wishing to dull the pain in their eyes. 
A fight breaks out over who drank whose beer. There is THUNDER & LIGHTNING, but no rain.
Polly hides behind a tree, praying, I think.
I stand up, confused, while people walk and twirl by me, their hands over their eyes. I don’t know what to do – where to go. I’m afraid that if I move, the angry Middle Eastern man will shoot a stern finger at me and say, “You sook sook the manuke, too, eh?!?!?”
Lucky for me, he is distracted: By the black shape of Mr. Snake’s bulk, slowly rising before the rumbling bonfire. What scares me is that Mr. Snake appears to be convulsing…and like with babies, I’m afraid of what I don’t understand.
Middle Eastern man sees this shocking, scary sight and points at Mr. Snake, asking in a fake, courageous voice.
“Are we rolling?”
Mr. Snake takes a kung-fu pose, as does his opponent. WIDE SHOT: They both stand in front of a mountainous full moon – bodies stiff and ready. 
Mr. Snake opens his mouth slowly and says quickly…
“Action!”
The two, fully-grown men run toward each other, shrieking with their fists coiled back.
A weeping, wandering woman, rubbing her eyes, runs in front of the Middle Eastern man and he punches her without stopping, sending her flying right at Mr. Snake. He catches her and flings her up a tree. 
“Grab!” she yells, and grabs onto a branch, swinging herself up to safety.
All the drunks are fighting, releasing lighting quick punches and kangaroo-like kicks. Sensing defeat, Middle Eastern man runs into the drunken brawl of fighters and crying people, who still have splinters in their eyes. He picks up random people and throws them at Mr. Snake, who ducks and jumps over each missile, running faster and faster toward his enemy. The Middle Eastern man YELLS out.
“Waaaaaaah!”
Mr. Snake jumps into the air and knees him in the forehead.
They both land mere inches from the scary bonfire.
Middle Eastern man crawls on the ground. He tries to get up to run away, but his bowels give way and he falls back down and gets a mouth full of dirt. He gets up a second time, visibly vomiting in his mouth a little, and takes one step forward. He falls down again, this time directly on his face, hands glued to his side. He doesn’t get up for a long time. Mr. Snake walks up and kicks him over.
The Middle Eastern man has a pinecone in his right eye. Mr. Snake jumps back and throws his hands over his mouth.
“Jesus Christ!”
Middle Eastern man SCREAMS OUT.
“BLARRRRRGHHHH!”
And kicks Mr. Snake in his belly, sending him flying up up up into the air.
My heart stops, knowing the inevitable.
Polly runs up to me and hugs me and says words that tumble out in slow motion; makes her sound like an old man.
“OH-SWEET-JESUS-NO!”
Mr. Snake sails into the flames and is never heard from again.

The moon smiles. The night wind soothes. The crickets laugh. I rest on a bed of grass and drown in the stars. Morning is coming soon. 
The sun peeks over the hill. I didn’t realize that everyone else slept on the mountain. Why is it that when one wakes up and scratches and yawns, everyone else wakes up and scratches and yawns?
It feels like it has been raining.
Why do mornings have to feel so goddamn moist? I hate it with a passion of the Christ.
The fire has died out. Nothing left, but black goo. There’s a ton of it. 
I dare not to think of the obvious. 
No one says anything. 
Not even Polly. 
She has been crying. 
All the actors and the rest of the crew put on their shoes and walk back to their automobiles and drive off without saying goodbye.
Polly walks behind a tree with her head hung low and her hands tied to her back by invisible wire. She squats behind the tree and marinates the earth, noisily, on dry leaves. 
Is she crying again? 
I want to help her. Maybe when she has calmed down a bit.
I listen.
Yessm, she is weeping. 
It’s soft at first, but then it sounds very angry. 
She groans then growls. 
Her urine even shoots out in strong, angry bursts while she COMPLAINS.
“Daaaaaaah!”
I can see her shaky hand come out from behind the tree and reach out for a cleansing, dead leaf.
Soon she’s walking out like a zombie and takes my hand and guides me to the van.
As we drive past Daie and down Kapiolani blvd., she tells me the plan.
She wasn’t crying for Mr. Snake, she was crying for the project. She was shedding tears for the CREW.
And me.
“Do you want to direct?” she asks.
It takes all my energy to hold down my excitement and remain cool.
I ask, “Why me?”
She looks at me, confused.
“Isn’t this what you’ve wanted your whole life?”


Afterward

I edit the adult film all by my lonesome on Warren’s computer. I do it whenever he’s asleep. My ass gets numb every night because his computer sits on the floor. It takes me a good week to finish the thing. Once, I was more than half way complete, when the computer crashed and I lost everything. A little part of me died right then and there. 
One time the computer froze when I was saving.
What the fuck is that about?
So now the film, called “Aloha Mannequins”, has a voice-overed story line that I wrote to fill in the plot holes. The story, told by a mysterious, French woman, whose character may or may not be the devil, involves dreams and religion and nuns and truth and love. It’s so surreal. I get complaints from people that it’s like The Nundead, only sexier.
This is bad.
Because my 1st film ended up being, in my opinion, unmarketable, totally detached from the world. I vowed to make my next film salable. But now it seems that the same thing is happening all over again. I can’t change. I can’t escape who I am.
I’m happy with the film. I love it. Proud of it. 
Polly hates it. 
And she hates me now. 
She watched a screening of “Aloha Mannequins” at Wallace Theatres in Restaurant Row that cost me $150 to rent out for a day. She got up and walked down, across the flickering screen, stomping her feet in an obvious way, staring at me. She walked out through that Exit, into the sun, and I never saw her again.
ALTHOUGH, I do believe I heard from her days later. 
I think. 
See, one early morning the phone rang – it was something like 2am – and on the other end all I heard was heavy, mean breathing. I listened for a full thirty minutes…listening to this heavy breathing, trying to figure out who it was, not saying anything to the stranger for reasons that even I don’t understand.
There was another crazy sound – this one in the background: Something like heavy bits, falling into a toilet.
Then there was the sound of a shower blasting on…and click. 
Whoever it was hung up.
My male’s intuition tells me that it was Polly.
Three days later, in the morning, while my mum is at her dialysis appointment, someone breaks into the apartment.
I’m upstairs in the bathroom, brushing my teeth when it happens. The door is kicked down and feet rush in. I hide in the bathtub, behind the curtain. It all happens so fast. When all is silent, I go downstairs to find the place perfectly intact. 
Nothing is broken. 
What did they take?
My copy of “Aloha Mannequins”.
I don’t call the cops because I don’t want the attention.
Yessm, I work at *** now, in Ala Moana. 
I soon find myself going back into the same, depressing routine. 
I work…
I play darts…
I drink…
I smoke (though not as much, seeing how smoke nowadays reminds me of burning flesh)…
Not knowing where I’m going.
That’s not the way to go. An adult knows who they are. With that revelation they know what their strengths and weaknesses are and what they need to do to succeed.
With that being said…I guess I’m not an adult.
An adult that craves money, that is serious, that is narrow-minded, an adult that is power hungry, that needs a fancy car, a fancy house, that doesn’t play, that’s responsible for this and that and the other, an adult that stresses over bills, baby food, insurance, debt, back pains, anal pains. Blah, blah.
On second thought, to hell with being an adult.
Growing up sounds painful.

Thank You

Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.



Raymund Hensley is the author of the humorous books Aloha Mannequins, A Revelation, How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter, and The Zombie Hunter’s Bible. He lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/
https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley
https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/
https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs


ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

"Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

