
Ambulance Masters
by Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2011 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

All rights reserved
Cover design by the author

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.

Dedicated to…
Beeru



THE FOLLOWING OCCURRED IN DECEMBER 2007. THE NAMES OF THOSE INVOLVED HAVE BEEN CHANGED TO RESPECT AND POSSIBLY ALSO PROTECT THE LIVING. MANY, IF NOT ALL, EVENTS HAVE ALSO BEEN CHANGED. OR ENTIRELY MADE UP.

CONTENTS

Article from The Honolulu Rag

LATER

ONE

TWO

THREE

FOUR

FIVE

SIX

SEVEN

EIGHT

NINE

AFTER



Article from The Honolulu Rag…

Snow! In Hawaii?
by Pilart Kolopowawski
(published July 7, 1947)

Snow fell over the Hawaiian Islands this Monday morning, resulting in a series of automobile crashes and decapitations.
“It’s a mystery!” cried a Kaimuki resident. “My brother is without a head because of this snow! I’ll never look at life the same way again. My fear has a new name, and it is Snow. What’s going to happen to me next? Whooping cough?? It’s unfair. The sun will melt this blasted devil snow away, but what will melt away my grief? Whisky? Yes.”
The morning wasn’t all grief and whisky. Children played in the white mystery with their parents and various types of cats. Foobow Bowman, female, age 8, was laughing.
“It’s a miracle!” she said, throwing balls of ice onto faces and backs. “I’ve always wanted to play in snow, ever since I was a little girl. Watch me throw this snowball at that passing car! See? What could be better? Well, I’ll tell you. The love between a man and a woman and sometimes a woman with another woman. Listen…times are changing. So what, who cares?”
Her mother, Hadafrow Bowman, agrees.
“It’s true. She’s happier than the time I gave her shoes made of genuine cat bone. Praise Jesus. She’s laughing her cancer away. Right?”
Snow-women popped up island wide, carrying signs that read “Beware the Oort Cloud” and “Nemesis 1.5 light years away” and “Extinction every 26 million years”.
Hadafrow Bowman’s rabbi (Hebrew for “My master”), Rabbi Brutus Caliente, contacted this reporter via email.
“See?” he wrote. “We were right. L'Chiam!”
Meteorologist Pat J. Irelander was skeptical about the apparent snowfall and cautioned about possible radioactivity.
“I’m no scientist, but I’m sure it shouldn’t be snowing in Hawaii. It’s weird, and like my mum still says, people should not be playing in weird things. Are they daft? I’m not. Thanks, mum. Thanks a lot.”
When asked what could be responsible for the strange weather, Mr. Irelander said, “I can think of three things possible for this freak of nature. One: Global warming. Two: The coming apocalypse. And three: Aliens…and their radioactivity. That’s all I got,” he said. “Now, I don’t know about you, but I’m betting on the aliens.”
Mr. Irelander raised his hands as he ended his sentence, slowly backing away.
At 7:10 in the evening, the snow stopped falling with piles measuring between 1 to 80 feet. H-1 Freeway eastbound will be closed until motorists and Major Warren Ty’s motorcade are shoveled free. Dump trucks filled with salt, state workers are hard at work melting the snow endangering the streets.
The elderly are advised not to eat the snow.


LATER


SMEARING a small amount of dog feces on an insect bite will relieve the itching and swelling. Was it normal for an ambulance to have such dung? Cakers gave the Russian woman CPR, pushing down on her chest quick and hard, at one point even punching it. City lights filled the ambulance—blue, red, blue, red, blue, so forth and so forth. We were speeding and rocking. Cakers put the cardio-pump over the patient’s face and worked it. He yelled at Tranzam to drive—
“Faster! Faster! Faster!”
Cakers stared at the plastic pump.
“Holes? This old thang is useless now!” He growled and threw it against a wall and looked around.
“Get over here,” he said to me. “I have to find something important. Take over.”
He grabbed my hands. I pulled away.
“No!” I yelled through the roaring engine. “I’m scared! Look at my eyes! They’re shaking so much!”
He laughed. 
“You want this woman to die?”
“I do not!” I threw my clammy hands out. “Here. Take them and do what you must.”
He put my hands on the woman’s chest. I pumped.
I’m a hero! I thought. I can save this woman’s life and be a hero.
Something in her chest cracked. I jumped back, gagging. Cakers pushed me away and took over and pumped and pumped, grunting and grunting, his eyes darting from me to the woman. The look of worry on his face chilled me, and I couldn’t stop shaking. I pulled at my hair and shook my wet head and opened my mouth.
“I’m in deep! I wanna go home! Gadzooks, man!”
“How very,” Cakers said, rolling his eyes. I imagined them going all the way up his head and back again. This really happened, for all I knew. Here was a man capable of anything.
Tranzam stepped on the gas. I fell back in mighty pain, barking and inarticulate, my legs quivering in trepidation. Was I in shock? Was this how it felt? I went with the flow and shrugged and gave my legs permission to thrash about to-and-fro as Cakers didn’t even try to understand. 
I was going to die. Just accept it. We were going to crash into something hard. I was going to go sailing through the windshield at such a high speed, my face would turn to ice and hit a fire hydrant and shatter; stray dogs and stray bums would eat the bits and smile. Those bastards! And what would my tombstone say? I had it all planned out: To install the latest version, click HERE.
It was a metaphor.
The ambulance swerved past a little girl on a pogo stick and zoomed down Hotel Street as saggy prostitutes gazed out from smoky bars, spitting blood through holes in their teeth. One of the beasts shook a fist at us.
“Slow down, sucka! What’s all the hullabaloo?!”
Tranzam rolled down her window and roared, “Prepare, peasant, for your comeuppance!” then rolled it back up and focused on the road. The ambulance turned hard into the business district of Honolulu where the skyscrapers of law and magazine offices were dark. Cakers covered his head and cried out “Waaaaaaah!” as open bags of needles spilt over his head. A defibrillator thudded onto the patient’s nude, aged breasts that jiggled.

CAKERS found the injured in a ratty apartment in China Town—an 80-year-old Russian woman on the bathroom floor, unconscious, face twitching, body covered in mosquito bites. Cakers said when he grabbed the Russian’s arm, it felt like worms were moving under her skin. The jumpy Chinese woman in room 11-F, petting a fat rainbow-colored cat, said that Mrs. Yuen had been collecting the mosquitoes for a science experiment she was preparing to teach her class at Kapiolani Community College. She grew the mosquitoes in a large fish tank in her bathroom, on dead kittens she recently found in the girl’s bathroom at KCC. 
Long story short, I was thoroughly perturbed.
Cakers ran to the old woman and batted the bugs away. “Mush! Mush! Mush!” He could tell by the deep gash on the crown of her head and the wet floor that she had slipped violently and flew head-first into a sharp end of the aquarium. He looked at the Chinese woman.
“Please tell me you tried to give her CPR.”
“What’s CPR? Do I eat it?”
Cakers shook his head.
“Are you an ostrich? Are your eyes bigger than your brain?”
The ambulance cut through a sudden rage of rain that punched the windshield.
The old woman wobbled on the stretcher.
“Let’s have a squint at this dame,” Cakers said. He covered the hole in her head with his plastic-covered hands. Black things glooped out between his fingers, and he was mumbling something about saving her…saving her. A boom box blared opera as I put the dark, drippy contents in a Ziploc bag with my pinkies in the air. 
My hands were quivering. But not much.
I was getting used to this.
“Smashing!” I said. “I’m getting used to this.”
“That’s what my ex-wife said.”
Marriage. I could say to your face that I didn’t need it, and I’d be fibbing, fibbing, fiiiibbinnnng. Sorry. It’s bad, but how does a man admit that he needs someone else to help him through the aging process. It would be seen as weak, no? Yes?? The hard side of me told me to sit down and shut up. Man up. Make fists. Don’t smile. Don’t cry. Love is for pansies. 
The soft side of me wanted a woman to touch me in all those secret, greasy places. It had been too long! And she would have to be smart. Someone I could talk to. Not just someone with nice bone structure in the face. Someone I could trust. Someone I could feed. Who else would be willing to go to the store and buy those bare minerals? Those condoms? Those facial creams? Who better to trust than your lover?  
ROAD BUMP.
The old woman’s hand landed on my lap. I grabbed it by the wrist—her mosquito bites popping under my palm—and flung it onto her jiggle-belly. 
The ambulance jumped again, and the hand was on me again.
“Ewwwwwwwaaaahhhhhh! Cakers, get this twit off me!”
Eyes still closed for business, the Russian woman’s mouth yawned. Things were moving inside.
“Jesus! Cakers, do you think she ate those mosquitoes?”
“That’s what my 1st wife always did as she gobbled her daily vitamins. Maybe that’s what killed her. Mosquitoes burst with diseases. God rest her stink soul. So what, who cares?”
The body moaned: “Mooooooannn…”
Mosquitoes flew out of her mouth.
“Ack! I knew it!” I swatted away the tiny, buzzing fiends.
Cakers bolted to the front of the ambulance and gripped Tranzam’s shoulders and stared through the windshield. Headlights blinded me. Another ambulance. We were going to crash.
“Here it comes, mate!” Cakers said. “Hold on! This is the bee’s knees! MUSH! MUSH!”
Every ambulance has a moniker.
Cakers named his Atom.
Always on the move.


ONE


THE woman has no bones in her hands, and she walks around like Mr. Burns from The Simpsons. She comes by once a week. I try not to look at her droopy eyes. This place has a weird odor. Disinfectant. Where am I now? What is this desk I’m setting behind? What do all these forms mean? Why does that elevator open every minute? Will it ever stop vomiting people? Will they ever shut up? Is this a dream? Am I dead?
I’m working at the Department of Human Services because if I don’t—my mum constantly reminds me—the government will cut off my health and dental benefits. I can’t be here. I’m no good with people. I can’t talk to people. When I try, I always end up shitting in my mouth.
It’s this office gig or a real job at the mall. The cushy job is a no-brainer…for someone lazy…uncertain.
Why worry? The future is bright. If the Japanese religion, Happy Science, is right, I’ll only have to work four hours a day in the year 2200. The future is a bright, shinning place.
I’m very young. Early twenties, if I’m remembering correctly. I hold off my filmmaking and writing activities, and every day at the office makes me nauseous. Who are these people that come in to apply for health benefits and whatnot? Who are these ex prisoners with their crazy eyes? These sad-faced geriatrics? These mothers with their obnoxious babies? These people in depressing wheelchairs? 
I feel like I’m at a hospital.
DHS has an aura of struggle and frustration.
People stand in a long line, waiting, angry, grumbling, fake-coughing, hips cocked to one side. Gadzooks, man. There’s always a sense that someone’s gonna explode—go totally BATTY.
Take me away from this dreadful place. Help!

(no answer)

I work the files—that’s my main job. Here, I learn that Nguyen is properly pronounced as No’when, not Nee’gu’yen. I travel down the aisles, from cubicle to cubicle, taking out files and putting in files, wondering how long I can milk this before I have to go out and get a real job at Sears. Little did I know it was a self-fulfilling prophecy. My coworkers—these Case Workers—seem to understand that we’re all on the same sinking boat.
One person I don’t like: An old woman with light, death-skin. Cranky, cranky hag. I am told she was just diagnosed with Cancer, and—scold me if you wish—I think good riddance to bad rubbish. She radiates negativity. You could hit it with a sledgehammer and it would bounce right off and smack you in the noggin. Why torture yourself? Why piss in your cereal? Instead of hanging around or even thinking too much about this evil crone, I make my time with the other workers—the positive ones. 
We are all smiles.
At lunch, they all gather in the meeting room and watch disgusting things on the large TV—things like Faces of Death and Banned from Television. Are they trying to tell me something? I don’t participate in these breaks…just continue working so I can get the hell out of Dodge. I distinctly remember hearing a surprised female voice shoot out from that room while they all ate pizza:
“Jay’sus! That train hit her and she just exploded!”
Is this what you want, boy? Working your days in cubicle after cubicle your whole life? It makes you so sick. If so, then get to it. Do something. MOVE. If you’re not growing…you are dying.
The main honcho in charge is a 50-ish Asian woman. One day she summons me into her office to discuss my situation. As we talk the talk, she plays a fine classical tune on the stereo. 
“Hear those violins? They represent horses slaughtered on the streets.”
I like this lady. This is the type of woman I can see myself growing young with. Such wonderful years ahead of us.
I never see her again, though.
I’m out of DHS after three months.
I learned a lot from my stay. How much of a selfish bastard I can be sometimes, for example. But there was a more pressing lesson. I had to move my feet. Get BUSY. Use life well. If you are not growing, you are dying. What did I want to accomplish? What was my calling? My purpose? Was there a deeper meaning to my work? Is it true that passion makes the universe run? Are we all connected? It would be years before I would learn the secrets of the universe. Who was God or Ishvara or Yahweh or El or Ra or Shangdi or Tenri-Ō-no-Mikoto or El Cantare or, as Hunter S. Thompson once said, the Great Magnet? I could use this ‘Magnet’ to my use. It/he/she would help me. That was the promise, wasn’t it? But what direction should my life go in? What to focus on? Whatever it was would be pure zaniness. That much I knew. Indulge. Damn everyone. Damn the masses. Damn the rigid Left Brain thinkers. My soul begged to be set free. At last! My imagination could take the wheel. Where would they take me? To the land of milk and honey, where you can do what you love until the cows come home. And what medium would I work in? I had many choices—many interests.
Yes, there would be many distractions. I knew this. 
But I was young. Time was on my side.
Wasn’t it?
Around seven years later, I snag a gig folding clothes with kids seven years younger than me…although I look seven years younger than them. I try not to have regrets. It could be worse. I could be a bum. 
Gadzooks. 

SINCE I was a little boy, I’ve had scary dreams of a man sitting on my chest. It was a beast from the dream world, interrupting my fantasies of making love to pure women and of flying across the sea and of riding on the backs of lions.
Whenever this man appeared on my chest, an intense fear consumed me. It was amazing. My body was frozen—except for my eyes: Wide and wet and wild and blinking constantly. Sweat was inevitable. Maybe I was being abducted. I had skipped most of high school to go to the library and learn about ESP and the occult and aliens. That was my schooling, growing up. Maybe this was it. The big one! 
This monster had surprised me ten times before, in the span of a week, throwing such a fear at me that I wished for the taste of cringing, cheap vodka and OJ. 
If I ever wished to not feel, it was during those paralyzing nights.
I was a man of 28?
Whenever I have that outrageous dream, the beast’s face comes into view through a gloom of heavy darkness that blankets my cold, concrete bedroom. 
This night was no different.
It was a weird man—the head structure opaque.
The beast-man’s drool was cool on my chest. I was afraid that if I screamed, it would startle the monster and give it the bright idea of tasting me. Luckily, my mouth was frozen with a mighty fear that kept it open for God only knows how many seconds. Jesus Christ…don’t let it have been hours. 
I remember suddenly shaking and letting loose a fury of wild blinks. I was in control now. Or was IT controlling ME? The thing laughed or maybe cried, I’m not sure which. In any case, I was able to move my toes and the ghost vanished. But not before throwing its head back and throwing up a silent scream, then throwing its head forward and producing an audible string of airy vowels—its quivering lips mere centimeters from my now unblinking eyes.
It simply said, confusingly:
“The Universe is in a giant body, and your body is The Universe.
And then I woke up, my mouth still ajar. I made a scared scarred sound: A soft, drawn-out, vibrating moan that grew louder and louder. The pitch also rose.
“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”
To my surprise, I was more wet than ever before. Was I shaking? It was like nothing I had even seen: My entire bed was drenched in my own liquid, my own clear filth. I shook my head like a wet dog, trying to forget that weird, unlikely, nightmarish reverie. It worked. I thought of flowers and turned on my fan and it cooled the wetness dominating my sheets sticking to my skintight skin, forcing a smile on my lips and a wiggle in my hips. I fell back to sleep and, this time, dreamed of women. But not normal women. Alien women. Women with no torsos—just a pair of legs that forever bent over, inviting me to goose, enticing me with sexual horror. 
And horror it was.
My body said Yes, but my mind said No.
And yet I found myself thrusting vigor into those jiggling alien thighs from the rear. Did I vomit in my mouth? The mind is strong, but the body is weak. A smart man once said that, and he was right. God forgive me. I wanted to cry but nothing came out my mouth, only weird raccoon sounds. SHAME. All over my face that dripped down my neck and stained my shirt, if I was even dressed at all. Was I still thrusting power? I didn’t want to look down. I think what disturbed me most was the fact that this mystery-lover had no head…whatsoever. Not even a stump for me to play with. And yet it was laughing at me.
A dove flew over my head. 
“Policía,” the bird said.
It was in a black man’s voice, and I was instantly soothed. I smiled and looked down. She—it—had vanished. A team of cows ran by, singing in high girly voices, “Let bygones be bygones. Do whatever you want. Leave me alone. Whatever that means,” and jumped into a UFO. The cows cried at me, pointing. 
I punched into a nearby wall and yanked out a giant syringe, shrieking profanities at them.
“Profanities!”
I was jumping up and down, so embarrassed. There was a giggle at my back and the sound of eating. It was the ghost-man from my other dream. My heart screamed, and I inhaled a sharp gasp. The syringe fell from my wet hands in slow motion. The man was coming at me in wide steps, a yellow box in his hands.
I woke up, but this time I didn’t scream or move my strong legs. It was still dark. What time was it? The street was busy with passing cars, their headlights illuminating my dreary bedroom. 
I needed help—mental help to clear these ghosts from my dreams…and I knew who to turn to. I had the money for it, since I only used my paycheck on three things: Food, rent, and karaoke. I thought about work that night, and my heart sank. The idea of folding clothes until four in the morning drained all the energy out of me; drilled my belly; made my back feel like my front; made my swollen, Virgo tongue heavy and burdensome.
Could things get any worse?
I took a shower. Three black worms—two inch slugs or something—crawled on the floor. What were these things, and what did they want with me? I dried my hair with an overused, stiff towel, and a roach crawled on my foot. I kicked it away like any old thing and walked through the kitchen. I stepped on something that crumpled like a candy wrapper. Another roach? Did these fiends want to die? 
My phone screamed. I ran into the room, holding onto the towel around my waist. It’s a friend and fellow co-worker. Romel.
“I have a riddle for you,” he said. “How do four people use the toilet at the same time, and one of them is taking a dump?”
“I…”
“Maybe you’ll get the answer at work tonight. I’ll pick you up.”
He hung up. I was pretty sure I wouldn’t get the answer that night. So what, who cares? I had a ride to work. No more spending $2 to ride next to crazies on the bus. At least not tonight.
I stretched-over a yellow shirt I got from Japan and put my blue jeans on, two legs at once. I could hear the local news coming from the living room.
“More cattle mutilations today…” the sexy news anchor said. She sounded so calm. She had to—it was her job to sound professional, meaning: Hide all emotions of joy in times of utmost horror, and show utmost happiness during news of utmost glee.
It was important they didn’t mix it up.
I palmed my bus fare from a three inch pile of change on my dresser table and slipped on my shoes—careful to shake out the roaches first—then sauntered to the bus stop. The neighbor’s dog barked, scaring the piss out of me, and I wished so many evil things on him/her/it.
I like animals…but, like people, some are assholes. 
Or as they say in England: Arse-holes.

THE psychic shop on king street was called Look Into My Eyes, Not At My Chest. I had heard about it from some forgotten face long ago. There were all kinds of interesting statues and books inside. A bell sang as I walked through the door, and a tall, white male walked out from a back room, his face covered by a yellow veil. He was carrying a limbless statue of a dog, and shaking his head in what I could only assume to have been sadness. 
“Mo’ning,” he said.
“Hello.” 
He looked up at me and froze. 
“Youuu…”
“Me?”
“So you’ve come. Yes, you have. So good!”
“Have we met before?”
“Indeed.”
“Pull the other one.”
“I’m serious!”
He yanked off his veil in three smooth moves, and I understood then his weird demeanor. That face. That messy, scary face.
The ghost-man from my dream(s).

AS we sat at his psychic table, the news anchor sounded serious.
“More bad news this morning, maybe,” she said. “More cattle mutilations. Their owner and raiser, Henry O’Poper, was on the floor of his house.” She paused as the camera zoomed in on her Asian face. “He was found bleeding.” She turned to another camera, cheery. “Animal owners from all over the island are gathering at Ala Moana beach today to celebrate the passing of the ‘No Murdering Animals’ bill. We now go to our very own German correspondent, Lady Hans Hans. Ohhh, Hannnnnns?”
The psychic, whose name was Cakers, shook his head and raised a seizuring fist to the heavens.
“So much death!” 
Then he looked at me—looked at me with those scalding and scolding blue eyes.
“I have dreams of killing you.”
“And I have dreams of you killing ME. I hate it. It gives me fever. Do something about it?”
“Dear friend, I think we both need help.”
“All I ask is that you stay out of my Goddamn dreams. Please? I don’t like it when you’re there. It’s my personal heaven! Where I can ride on the back of the lion. Having you there just makes it weird.”
“You’re horrible.”
“Did you just call me whore-able?”
“I don’t have time for this. Yet.”
“I’m so sorry. I don’t mean to offend,” I said. “I don’t even know you.”
“Believe you me, I don’t like it either. I feel like shit.”
“You are!” I said, eyes blazing, then cooling. “You dare to strangle me?? I want kids one day, you know! Just not right now. I have to learn how to take care of myself first. That’s what life has taught me. So what, who cares??”
“There’s something about you…”
“I’m a Virgo.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” He showed teeth. “You remind me of someone. Hmm…so familiar. Please: Make a face for me—one of icy indifference.”
“Here.”
“There. But I can’t put my finger in it. I can’t touch it. Something’s missing. What is it?” 
He held his hand up in front of my face, making a circle with his fingers as if staring at me through a camera. He made a clicking sound.
“I got it! Were you ever in Uruguay?”
“Who?” 
“Blimey! I was so on tenterhooks.”
“Who?”
He put his hand down, shaking his head. I felt that I had failed him somehow. He groaned. “Oooooh, if only I could remember. See? This shall bother me all the way to bedtime.”
“And then you’ll dream and invade me. Thank you, but no. I’m hating this already.” I looked around. “An old friend of mine told me you could tell the future. Maybe you can read mine? I want to know if I’ll be normal in the future.”
“Yeah, no. I can tell the future, but only if I feel like it.” 
“Yeah, no?”
“Yeah, no.”
“Well, which is it? Yeah or no?”
“Yeah, no…it’s true, but only if I feel like it.”
“Note to self, don’t ask about the future. This human be a charlatan. This be charlatan country…and I’m a stranger in a strange land. Now to you: I have some questions I’d like to ask.”
“I heard all of that. And yet, ask away these reversal of answers.”
“Why are you uploading yourself into my mind during night hours?”
“Why are you uploading yourself into my mind during night hours?”
“Touché. Very good.” I went for my wallet. “I think coming here was a large mistake. I shall now bid ye adieu, kind sir. Must I still pay?”
“No,” he said, looking at me in a weird way, as if hatching a plot. “No, not yet. My gut-vines are tingling—sending such fine threads of electricity up and down my being, telling me something…something fat, something filled with such wowing—an abdominal stretch of the supernatural.”
“Is this something about my future?”
“Is a glass of water the height of width?”
“That’s true.”
Cakers tilted his head back.
“Get ready, here it comesssssssssss. Are you even listening to me? This is important!” He closed his eyes. “I’m shaking now all over, from the waist down.”
I sat. Maybe this one was real?
“Oooh,” I oozed, interested. “OOOOOOOOOH.”
He kicked the underbelly of the table.
“Excitement!” I said.
He kicked again, this time missing and hurting my knee. I bit my tongue. “I’m okay. Keep going. Don’t stop. Don’t you ever stop. Understand? This is the secret to life.”
And it was as if he didn’t even know what happened. That made me a little angry, but I forgave him due to the circumstances. His eyes sprang open! Then closed. There was an odd feeling about the place. Was this amazing? I stared at his face—which was extraordinarily sweatless and bubbling metaphors. The lips trembled. Were wisps of smoke spilling from those lips? Spelling unknown future happenings that no rigid-thinking human should learn of?
Yes. 
I nodded.
“Yessssss.” Eyes still sealed, he snaked out his hand, feeling for mine. I took it, not feeling at all homosexual. “Oh yes, there is a point in our lives where certain events magically bang us,” I said. “But these are not random—these are not mere trials of chance. Oh no….No. These are the words of The Universe, sexing us on all fronts to offer so many pure choices. I’m whispering. And it is up to us—US, mind you—to choose. For brain-thinking is the only action we have total control over. Let me ask me this: Am I on trial here?…Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no. Yesssssss.”
His mouth produced a strange jelly. He smiled a little, maybe embarrassed. A trick! I thought. This pretender was hiding packets of jelly under his mouth-slug! I just didn’t notice until now. Oh Jesus, what a fool I be. I believe in you now, Jesus! You hear me, boy? Will you still accept me into your fold (or flock)—into those soft, manly arms? Allow me to rest my weary head against those washboard abs? I trust you now. Not like the last time. What was that? I should leave right this instant, sans payment? Lord! Here I come! Wow!
And then he did something that made me think thrice. He opened his eyes again, this time not so fast. He also stopped quivering his physique. He spat the blue jelly out, slowly, onto a tiny plate.
“Well?” I said, face covered in mystery and intrigue. “Have at you.”
He spread the jam onto a slice of albino bread with a black knife that was fashioned with an infant’s skull for a handle, or an adult rat. His pinky was in the air. “The future is a cruel mistress—with so much grease between her legs, down south, where the ice be. She is generous today for some reason, and she tells me this—are you ready for this, boy? This is important. I fear you are insolent.” 
“My ears beg for this. Please, forgive my insulin.”
“Your health issues do not concern me.” He looked up to the area above his head, moving about as if avoiding an invisible hawk that meant to harm. “What did you just say to me! Oh, yes, I shall tell him.” He brought his awesome chin down, those eyes of hope and freedom begging to soothe my fear. “The mistress says that we should go to a dream expert, one who is better than me. Because I am not so good. Does this make me depressed?” He laughed. “No. At least, not after I eat this. I suggest you stand back. Whatever happens, do not flee.”
He ate the bread and collapsed onto the table. I jumped back, then sat back down. Everything in my body and mind screamed and wept for me to vamoose. But I refused and punched myself in the face, tenderly, hushing the voices. They were whispering predictions, but nothing I couldn’t take like a real man. I was back in the moment. I could think clearly. This man—this Cakers—that now slept knew the name of someone who could help me—help BOTH of us. Probably help Cakers more, for not only would his dream-killing be cured, but his dream-knowledge would be made plump by a powerful teacher. 
Unless the Mistress of The Future was a fucking liar. Then I’d rethink suicide. Using words of shame, I excused myself to the bathroom as Cakers snoozed, but I stopped halfway, realizing I didn’t know where it was. 
Then, friends, it knocked me. 
All those tears for fears rushed out like a geyser of unbiased ache, and I fell to the black carpet that smelt like so many years of glue and mango and freshly opened bags of rice and open cat. I was on my belly, arms to my sides, my face frozen in a chilling wrinkle of sorrow, throat forcing out unintelligible soundings. 
This fool calling himself Cakers couldn’t help. I was cursed to have him ransack my kind dreams. There would be no way for me to stop him from polluting the one place I fly to—to escape the vehemence and numbness and evilness of this so called waking-reality one calls Earth Living. What kind of female would find this attractive? A fool of a tuke contemplating suicide because his playhouse of the mind was threatened? It was disgusting. It was depressing. It was digressing. Focus, boy. Must…focus.
Women could sense such patheticness; it was one of their super powers, much like their super anger that consumes them whenever the woman’s blood flows from their southern lands. I wished for a dame then—so full of lust, was I. Indeed, to feel the slither of a lady-tongue against my own—our two slugs twisting a seductive rhythm.
I feared no amount of alcohol would ever cure this current dilemma diploma. Giving in to a sort of angry weeping, I began to string together lyrics. It was my way—when depressed—to help soothe the soreness of the soul with a gentle vomit of song…a vocal dance.
“Awwwmust pharadusch muuching yuin eveannnsd fkiiioo1984.”
It was useless. The pain dominated the sweet, as well as the sweat. However, I was determined to win. I inhaled a deep, shaky breath…and whispered.
“Almost Paradise. Ann Wilson and Mike Reno. Copyright 1984.”
There. I was now well-versed in the art of crying.
This was the worst day of my life.

I’M walking to work, past the strip club, past McDonald’s, past Wal-Mart…like I’ve been doing for the past few years. How many steps have I walked—on this sidewalk?
Attractive Asian women walk by, high heels clicking—business-looking types, coming away from smoky bars. How do I get a woman like that? Maybe if I was taller. Whiter? Maybe if I didn’t look so young. Maybe if I looked like a man they’d stop me and ask for my number. Do people even do that anymore?
I go to the ATM at Subway and print out my balance to check the time.
It’s 9:15 in the pm.
Will I be late to work?
I told myself yesterday I’d work on my book Ambulance Masters. All I did was master, and sleep. Did I even eat? Yes. I did. I had saimen. Chicken flavored. Or is it called ramen? I don’t even know anymore. 
Please, God, or whatever your name is, have a car hit me as I cross this street.
I’m tired.
I slept 14 hours today.
When I go to work, I know what I’ll say. The thought is like a needle in my brain:
“Why does it feel like I was just here?”


TWO


CAR. Cakers said he had no idea where he was taking me, but assured that I was safe in his refurbished Delorean. The directions to our destination were coming to him sporadically via The Universe. I pretended I was Marty Mcfly and Cakers was Doc. It made sense to me. But did it make dollars? Only time would tell…and right now, it was telling us to go to Kaimuki to meet someone potent who went by the name Miss Pro Amm.
I asked if he was Russian.
“I’m going as fast as I can!” he said. “Now shut up or I’ll turn this Delorean right around and drop you off at the nearest bus stop in Pearlridge.”
“NO! Anything but that!” I begged, obviously. “Anything.”
He waved me away, explaining that I was breaking his concentration. I was beginning to understand his odd anger. Here was a specimen who lusted for control. Had his fledgling psychic business been so God-awful? His alcohol stylings connected with me, but these flashes of anger turned me a real sour one. I closed my eyes as we drove past Gecko Books and Toys N Joys, giving a silent prayer that Cakers would make a lot of money very soon and live happily ever after with the love of this life. What would happen if Cakers lost it? What would happen to me? The very thought raised the hairs on the back of my neck and the front of my neck.
My old school of youth exploded past—Queen Liliuokalani—and the standing hairs eased down. Shotgun blast of memories exploded through my brain like a fat bullet: Ulcers, bugs in hair, stealing RoboCop 2 The Comic Book from a store, etc.
People were already prepping their houses for Christmas aka Christ’s Mass. Many of the two-story houses running up the spines of the obese mountains were designed with large cut-outs of Santa and reindeer on their rooftops. A sudden joy slapped me and I smiled…then I thought, Were these homeowners challenging each other on who could get the most attention? And then I was sad.
That wasn’t the spirit of Christmas; that was the spirit of shit.
We made a turn toward a mountain, and I asked Cakers what he had spread on the bread. He said it was concentrated beer, and that I should not worry.
“I’m sorry I angered you earlier, Cakers,” I said. “I sometimes don’t know the power of words.”
“And I’m sorry for screaming at you about the bus stop. Sometimes I forget the power of faces. I’ve had a bad day. You know—you were there. And I thank God you were, too. Some days can get so damn lonely. Maybe my body has been so accustomed to loneliness that company is like a threatening disease. Forcing me to be mad, against my will.”
“Do you have a little lady?”
“Yes. But she’s ill.”
“You have a lover…yet you feel lonely? Sad.”
“Ever since she came home late that Monday night, months ago, she’s been a different woman. I arrive to spot her in bed, already asleep. One time I was being erotic and sucked on her fingers…and you know what? It tasted like rusty pennies. Yes. Blood. Is she pleasuring herself? Is she pleasuring someone else? Where does she go at night? Oh, no. And nothing wakes her up. I’ve tried talking to her, but she only spits. The eyes never open. I never see her awake. I go to work, come home, and she’s asleep: Clothes dirty and torn, shoes wet, fingernails bloody. It hurts me. My emotions, even now, are tangled.” He thought for a moment. “Did you say earlier that you wanted children?”
“The question is: Do they want me?”
“Understood.”
“Does she work?”
“When we met, she said she cleaned hotel rooms at night. She travels a lot. Speaking of which, maybe I’ve gotten worse in bed due to my huge penis. Sometimes they don’t like it. They say it hurts,” and now whiney, “That it bruises their internal organs. What DOES a man have to do nowadays? I ask you.”
“I’m sorry. I’m a single male.”
“Don’t beat yourself up. BUILD yourself up. Confidence, my friend. The miracles of plastic surgery. Or in my case—a curse.” He shrugged, held it for 5 seconds, then released. “Maybe you’ll fare better.”
He stopped the car in the middle of the empty street and his face lit up. His mouth opened, the tongue doing back flips. I cupped my cleaned ears as he shrieked: “Directions! Directions! Look! Look!”
He then speed up at such a high speed that my nails were digging into my thighs. The car turned into a driveway. My head hit the dashboard.
Cakers looked at me, breathing heavily with an open mouth, hands still on the wheel, chest rising up and down so confused. 
Someone in the house was peeking out from behind a curtain. I nodded to the vagueness-person.
We had arrived.

“YOU’VE got a big heart, coming down here,” the old woman said, walking out from the kitchen with a skinny, arm-shaped glass of alabaster drink. We told her about our issue, and that was her response.
She was sipping from the glass thumb, ever-looking at us with those mature eyes, hotly. She was attractive. She looked like an aged movie star. I've always had a thing for older women. Maybe it was because they were so full of vital nutrients.
“You know, most sane people take one look at my face-scar and scurry off. Thank you for not being disgusted.”
Strange. There was nothing repulsive about her face. Cakers raised his hand.
“Question. What scar?”
“On my face. You don't see it?”
Cakers squinted at her. “No. Are you sure it's on your face?”
“Aye!” She pointed to her eye. “Ayyyyyyye.”
I raised my hand.
“Miss Pro Amm…”
“Call me Queen.”
“Queen, we're two normal people that have no idea what you're talking about. Is this some kind of trust test? There's nothing on your face, gentlewoman.”
“Liar! This damn scar is pulsating. I can feel it; smell it; hearrrrr it whispering to me: They are laughing at you. You're ugly, and you have osteoporosis. You're doomed. No amount of milk will save your bones. This damn scar has ruined my life. I have lost many friends. My scar grows. I have named it Queen. See it now? See my ugliness?”
Cakers rolled his eyes and grunted. He had something insulting to say.
“My adult female, you have inspired me! I have a bewitching scar on the elongated section of my life-giving bits. Maybe I should name it King.”
Queen stood up, fist pumping.
“SHIT HAIR! DO YOU MOCK?”
“I'm just trying to lighten the mood…Queen.” Cakers did a Japanese bow. We weren't sure what to expect, but I was ever so ready for sudden action: My hands digging red gold from my weeping palms.
Queen sat back down, squinting at us as a preacher would.
“Aye. You are wise. And at least you addressed me by my guilt-name. Oh, if you only knew the guilt-pain I feel throughout my guilt-morning hours, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.”
I put my hands over my mouth and leaned over to Cakers.
“Please. Let us be ever so sensitive toward this woman’s crazy ways—her nuts & bolts. We have to get her to help us. I would hate to use force. I have feelings.”
“Not my fault she’s a loon. I was just testing her. She’s passable. Trrrruuusst meeeeee.”
We looked. Queen was now up and about—performing a waltz with an invisible stranger, glass of milk spilling here and there to my horror and disgust. I turned to Cakers again: “I thirst. Should I ask her for some milk? I love milk so much.”
“This is yo life.”
I smiled and spoke as I turned.
“Dear Queen—”
She was sprawled on the table, eyes closed, mouth agape, milk spilt. Cakers pushed back his loud chair and stood up. The milk had soiled a newspaper that was on the table. The headline read: Police on trail of cattle murderer?
The huge font of MURDERER filled half the page. There was the strong scent of vodka.
Things were getting worse. 

QUEEN woke up and leapt from her bed, striking a karate stance. We had been staring down at her, trying to think of a way to explain our situation. Her sudden awareness shocked us and made us stumble back and fall onto the floor. We screamed at each other—slicing the air with karate chops in defense.
She stopped, breathless, fixing her hair.
“I’m an old woman. I’m so old. Please, no more surprises.”
I stood up, keeping a watchful eye on this quick geriatric, and said: “We meant nothing by it. We were curious, is all. Forgive and forget?”
“WHAT! Where am I? What’s happening?”
She smiled and held out her shaking palms.
“Oh, I remember. These bones. Please sit me down on the bed.”
Cakers and I looked at each other, and I could tell that this was the definition of teamwork. 
As we sat her down, she said: “Oooooh. Ooooh, yes. That’s good. Ahhhhh, my bones. My old bones. I have so much meat. How can these bones handle?”
Just then, a cat came into the room, swaggering like it owned the joint. 
The old woman rejoiced.
“Ah! Wanton! She has awoken from her coma? How wonderful.” She clapped her hands and her cat jumped onto the bed. “Miracle! Is this an omen? I thought I had lost you to sleep for ever and ever. Amen.”
Cakers put his hands on his hips.
“Maybe it was our loud screamings that brought this miniature beast back from the dimness.”
He then proceeded to clap in approval of the merry situation. I was smiling at first, but then I realized that something was weird about this feline. I pointed.
“The hind legs.”
Queen’s face raised.
“Hrmm? Oh! Oh yes, allow me to explain. Wanton was involved in a horrible accident involving a dog, a street, and a little Samoan girl. Wanton then lost her legs.” She was crying now shockingly, cradling her cat almost to a threatening shake. “No! Wanton, I thought I had lost you and your ways. I’m so glad I saved you. I had to give you baby-human legs…I had to so much. Please don’t hate me for it.”
The cat remained mute.
I had a soft spot in my heart for weeping women—young or old. “Shhh…I’m sure Wanton enjoys her back legs. She most likely doesn’t even know that they’re an infant’s limbs.” I pushed my hands in and out before her, to sooth. Cakers did the same.
“Oh yes…why…they do look like shaved cat legs! Maybe you have discovered a new style? Have you ever considered entering this beast into a feline contest of beauty?”
“Actually…no. But now that you say such fine things with that mouth, I’m thinking yes.” She smiled at him. “Oh, such fine things, indeed, that spill free from that flapping tongue.” Then to her cat, “Would you like that, my furry baby? Or fury baby? Would you like to win a contest, you Goddamned beast?”
There was an unseen language between the two—between woman and beast. It was beautiful. It felt forbidden, and I was impressed.
The cat had sleepy eyes, and it was normal.
CAT: “Meow.”
QUEEN: “Oh, cat. How I love you so.”
Cakers put up a smiling finger. “About the baby legs—” 
A shriek exploded inside of my throat and I pulled him aside, into the hallway.
“Dung-eating fool! Do NOT ask about THAT. Are you so very off?”
“I had a simple question. Where’s the harm? She seems open about it. I’m interested.”
“We can’t take the chance of her being more unstable. These two have a powerful link.” I looked over my shoulder. “One that we can never understand.”
“I just want to know what happened to the little Samoan child. Is she dead? Did the parents donate her legs? What’s going on?”
“Just as I feared.” I took him by the shoulders, to seem serious. “Listen, you. Does it matter? Really? It’s none of our business. Leave the cat alone.”
“I hate mysteries.”
He was staring into the room.
“She’s kissing that cat now.”
“You are a liar.” I looked into the room. “Yes, so she is—and what of it? I’ve kissed a toddler. It’s the same. Now let’s get back in there and soothe her some more. Then—and only then—do we get her to work her magic. Deal?”
He was silent for a bit, and I became the embodiment of nervousness.
“Come now,” I said. “Don’t be no sucka.”
“Hrmm? Sorry. I was staring at that damn cat…but to you, I say: Deal. I’ll ask nothing of the cat. I won’t be a sucka.”
I watched him, suspiciously, as he walked back into the room. He sat on the bed and the cat leapt onto his lap. Queen cheered.
“Hurray! And all was right in the heavens.”
This was a good sign. She was jolly. If Cakers did anything to upset her, I’d hang him up by his buster browns. The sooner this was over with, the sooner I could have another wonderful, erotic, lucid dream—a dream which I am consciously aware of my surroundings: Morphing a tree into a fine woman, or taking flight to Mars like a mighty ghost. The thought excited me as I stood there, leaning against the doorway.
Queen Pro Amm made her back rigid. Not bad for an old woman, I thought, allowing a tiny smile to rise from the left crack of my opening. She stomped her foot, mastering our attention. She was serious now.
“This problem of yours?”
“Yes,” we said.
“I will aid you.”
Cakers and I let out a sigh of relief and grumbled sounds of joy and shook each other’s hands. We made to shake her hands too, but she raised a silencing pinky. I had much respect for her then. She massaged the underbelly of her cat.
“You must know, I haven’t been in business since that late 70’s, hence my awkward state of mind, and rigid back. People who don’t have much to do start to ‘lose it’, as you young whippersnappers say nowadays. But it was for a good reason, and that reason was or still is…love?” She smiled at us. “Yes. Love. I loved a man once. We had loved each other hard all over. If only he loved my profession and not called me a bitch witch of Satan. Yikes! Yucrain…Yucrain, Yucrain…why did you make me choose?”
Cakers raised his hand.
“Question.”
I pulled his hand down. Queen didn’t notice—her eyes closed and building up that familiar fluid of sadness.
TEARS. As in the stuff that comes out of your eyes, and not what you do to your bills.
“I chose my husband’s love over my career. I promised him that I’d never do it again.” She looked around, mad. “What good is it NOW? Now that you are so dead!” She pulled her cat’s face close to hers. “Oh…Yucrain, Yucrain, Yucrain.” She whipped her head to us—and I saw it all in slow motion, her sweaty hairs slinging blades of cold at my face.
“Use love well. Be friends with it. Respect it. When one does not, it turns on them. It can be one way or the other: Friend or foe. It all depends on how well you practice the instrument. If you remember one thing in life,” she went on, “it be that Love spelt backwards is Evol.”
To my dismay, Cakers opened his mouth. He did it fast, as if knowing I would burst.
“Queen, allow me to guess. Wanton’s full name is Yucrain Wanton. Correct?”
“Yes, in the man’s honor.” She stiffened her elbows and said, “Hey, this was his cat, okay? And I believe that some of my husband’s spirit be riding this cat’s back, watching over me…guiding me, wanting me. I can feel it. It can’t be helped. You are a smart man, Cakers.”
HIM? That bar steward? If it wasn’t for me—keeping him from asking stupid questions—she’d be pissing parasites. I made sure to ask the next question to remain on top of the power pole.
“Does your husband find it right that you help us?”
She looked into the cat’s eyes.
“That’s a no. He still thinks I’m a stinky witch.”
I shook my head.
“I’m sorry. That’s nasty.”
“Don’t be sorry. Same old rules, right? All open holes?”
“You mean the future?”
“Yes, boy…it’s open in so many areas. You just have to choose the one that is right for you—the one that feels good.” She stared at her cat. “So many years, and I’m still a glutton for guilt. Always lousing around….”
I nodded and held out my hand.
“Thank you for helping us. I feel that the strength in you is strong this time.”
She shook my hand.
“I have piles.”
The cat moaned and Queen scolded it.
“See this fist? You won’t be comfortable, I guess.”
She stood and went to the closet…opened it…searched through some boxes…took out a pickaxe…crawled onto her bed…struck the wall and made a mess of a hole…reached in with a furrowed brow…and pulled out a tiny yellow box. Through all of this, Wanton whined and whined.
Queen wiped the white dust from the box, and the excitement within all of us became erect.
I was reminded of a poem.



THREE


THE back room was bathed in Christmas lights that faded in and out at a relaxing speed. They were taped everywhere—on the walls, over the windows, on the chairs, even on the ceiling, where many long, blinking strands dangled.
I sat down in front of the table, which was also covered in Christmas lights. I was hypnotized, so very relaxed. Cakers was cursing and rubbing his eyes.
There was the sound of falling boxes. Queen stepped out from a door, arms spread out, her body from the neck down covered in Christmas lights—only these lights were on the “constantly blinking” mode. Her head was spared.
“It’s been too long!” she said, smiling and clapping her palms. She sat at the table. Wanton scurried by—also covered in lights—grumbling. Queen pulled on a dangling strand of Christmas lights, and the little yellow box was lowered from the ceiling, onto the table, as a midi version of the Top Gun theme played.
I nodded.
“This is Japan all over again. Thank you, God.”
Queen held up a lamp, narrowing our pupils.
“Good. You’re paying attention. Now from this moment forth, you must not object to my ways. I am placing a tape recorder onto the table, and shall use it to document this occasion for future usage. Now, while you two stare at me with eyes of such awesome bewilderment, I now rest my icy fingers on the little box from the wall.”
She fingered the sides of the little box and yanked out two wires, leaning over and securing them to our foreheads with Band-Aids. She was mumbling something the whole time…something so wild, yet so beautiful, in a high pitch voice, and in reverse. Queen took her seat and said that we are now connected. She then instructed us to take shots of cheap vodka.
The words that then fell from her lips began to fade.
“Dear men…you are getting tired. Close those eyelids. Remember to breathe. Sleep now and remember your past. Sleep…sleep…sleep…sleep. You are walking down a tunnel. Sleep…sleep…sleep. Oh, and what is this? What this be? Why, it’s a door! Raym, you open it first. What do you witness?”
I remember opening my mouth…holding it for exactly 7 long seconds…then…all…was…black.

(Editor’s note: The following transcript was electronically recorded that fateful night and has not been edited. Parental discretion is advised.)

QUEEN: Why, it’s a door! Raym, you open it first. What do you witness?
RAYM: (disgruntled sounds) Error. 
QUEEN: Pardon?
RAYM: Bursting.
QUEEN: Raym, do you hear me? I want you to say the alphabet. Can you do that for me? 
RAYM: ABCDEFG…HIJKLMNOhhh…I see land.
QUEEN: Proceed with this…land.
RAYM: Pain…such pain. In my belly.
QUEEN: Ease through it.
RAYM: It hurts so much. Can I come back now?
QUEEN: No.
RAYM: …
QUEEN: Go on, for the betterment of your soul, and tell me what you see.
RAYM: A house. Maybe a farm. Animals now. Looking at me. I want to run from here—into the house.
QUEEN: Do it.
RAYM: Okay. 

Long pause. Then…

RAYM: Okay, I’m in the house now. I’m being murdered!
QUEEN: Really? Who is stabbing you?
RAYM: A dame. The knife hurts me!

Crying sounds. A chair is noisy.

QUEEN: Shhh…relax. All is well here. All is well. Are you seeing yourself being murdered?—
RAYM: Through my eyes! 
QUEEN: Shhh…you feel no pain.
RAYM: It hurts so much!
QUEEN: Uh-oh. This is bad. I want you to go back…go back to a few days before this painful time.

Pause.

RAYM: Oh yes, I am having sex.
QUEEN: With who? 
RAYM: It is with a nun. I feel no shame.
QUEEN: Stay in your seat please. No. Don’t do that. Keep your hands on the table. That’s good. And what sexual position are you folks in?
RAYM: Regular.
QUEEN: I see. Too bad.
RAYM: Fear again!
QUEEN: Explain. Keep your hands on the table please.
RAYM: She tells me that we can no longer be together. She wants me to learn a valuable lesson…that cheating is bad…that all cheaters go to Hell…that our relationship has been a total lie. What? She has dated over 1,000 men and women to bring out the cheaters in them—to show them their ugly side. She is on a mission. She wants me to feel guilty, and I do. She asks if I will kill myself now…or continue living a shameful life.
QUEEN: And what say you?
RAYM: I say I will think about it. She laughs and spits in my face! She says that I should speed up my journey to Hell by strangling myself now, rather than wait for so many years. Her laugh matches her eyes.
QUEEN: Don’t look at her eyes!
RAYM: Too late! I cry now.

Crying sounds.

QUEEN: Hrmm. Go forward a little. I feel that we are getting close to something. Go forward one day, and tell me what you see.
RAYM: In pre-murdering house. I am sitting at a table, eating with some woman. She is the one I am cheating on. I am so full of guilt. I want to cry again.
QUEEN: Don’t.

Pause.

RAYM: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Hey!

Pause.

QUEEN: Now what.
RAYM: I am eating eggs. 
QUEEN: Ironic.
RAYM: This seems normal. Knife? No! Don’t kill me!
QUEEN: Back up ten minutes.
RAYM: Cooking eggs. Putting eggs on a plate. Sitting down, and as I put a spoonful of eggs and rice into my opening, she speaks…tells me that…oh no no no no…oh, Jesus…she knows that I cheated on her. The nun told her? I am so scared right now! My girlfriend is not to be messed with! She is tough and at certain times scary! She is a Gemini. She has been cheated on many times. I swore I was different. I feel that she wants to hurt me. My stomach complains. What to say? Nothing. It can’t get worse. The closet door now opens and that damn nun is there. It’s worse. I am so MAD at her! I run to her! Shaking my fists! My gf stands and…look out, me! The knife!
QUEEN: Stop. Come back. You’re finished. Oh my God.

Tape is paused. Tape begins recording.

QUEEN: Cakers…now you open the door. Go back into your past, and tell me what you see.
CAKERS: I am Raym’s girlfriend and I am cheating on him with a  nun. Now I’m stabbing him.
QUEEN: Good. Come on back.

Pause.

QUEEN: On the count of three, both of you will open your eyes. 1…2…3.




FOUR


THE ride back was uncomfortable. I was too afraid to even roll down the window. Was he scared of me? Afraid that I was mad at him for killing me? Or was he angry, because I cheated on him? This was stupid talk! Let the past stay in the past.
A truck cut us off and Cakers pounded on the car horn five furious times.
“You cheated on me, you bastard!”
“Cool it!”
“Ohhhhhh, it hurts. How can you be so callous? It’s shocking.”
“What does it matter? That was in our past lives. We don’t even know what year it was in. What does it matter?”
“I’m not gay.”
“Ditto.”
“It’s still You. This can’t be denied.”
“I deny it. And yet embrace it. It was me, yes, but with so many alterations, in regards to horoscope sign—Eastern and Western—psychological and physical parental traits, and the influences of my surroundings. So let bygones be bygones, eh? Excellent.”
“You owe me.”
“God damn it. I don’t have minutes for this. I have to fold clothes tonight. It consumes me.”
“You know what they say.”
There was a pause. Then he said more.
“All I ask is a minute of your time. You see…these hands of mine…the problem is I only have two.”
“F you and your normal-quantity hands. I have things to see and people to do. Take me away. Nothing you can say will make me listen.”
“Money.”
“I’m listening.”
“You could make a lot of money by helping me. All you have to do is accompany me while I work my second job.”
“What is your second work?”
“I’m a paramedic.”
“Will I be operating the vehicle? Because I never learnt how to drive…due to mental reasons.”
“You know what they say.” He paused, then said, “Don’t worry about the driving. I have someone for that. You’ll be in the back, with me—be an extra set of hands.”
“Is this legal? I don’t want to go to jail. I don’t have the face for it. Hrmm…on 3rd thought…I don’t want to do this. What if I get in trouble? What? Jail? I’m so scared right now! I’VE CHANGED MY MIND’S EYE! SO TAKE ME AWAY FROM THIS DREADFUL PREDICAMENT RIGHT THIS INSTANT, KIND SIR!”
“Money.”
“I’ll do whatever you ask.”
“You are cool and relaxed now. This is good. It pleases me. Damn these hands. I wish I was born with four. And I wish they came out from my mighty, God-fearing chest—ready to fix, ready to collect.”
“What time will I be working with you? I do hope it’s not too early. I hate waking up at the crack of ass.”
“You will do as I say and like it.”
Driving toward the state capital, down Beretania, an ambulance screamed behind us, swerving left and right. Cars began moving out of the way, but traffic was too thick for it to get by. There was some kind of scene up ahead…an accident of some kind, involving what appeared to be a forklift carrying a coffin. The ambulance sat there, lights blinking, siren squealing. Waiting. The driver popped his bald head out and shook his fat fist and shouted words I couldn’t hear, but knew them to be foul. Five women walking in a single line, pushing strollers, stopped to look while their babies pointed. The ambulance driver climbed the roof of his medical vehicle and jumped up and down like an angry gorilla that seemed so familiar. The other drivers threw things at him: Sharpened pencils, shoes, rat traps, and bananas. The driver waved his hands and said “Sorry,” climbing back down into his ambulance. Was he weeping? It was sad. Some people were still throwing things. Dirty things. Like diapers that exploded on impact. I shuddered and covered my mouth and eyes. Disgusting. I opened my eyes and saw day birds fighting over the diapers, tearing them apart and screeching. Drivers were cheering them on, some placing peculiar bets. 
The ambulance was swaying from side to side, for some reason.
Cakers hung a heavy head and sighed. 
“That person isn’t going to make it. And I ain’t talking about the patient.”
Sure, I agreed to do it for the money. But a little part of me did feel guilty. A little part of me from long ago.

CAKERS lived in a fancy mansion on diamond head, overlooking the city. As we drove up and through a tired neighborhood, I thought back to what I had said, about not being able to drive. I was ashamed. I was an adult that didn’t know how to drive. Society looked down on me. Kids know how to drive—they yearn for it. Women looked down at me. Was it right? Was it right to judge someone simply because they didn’t have a car? I never had an interest in driving. The bus was always fine by me. I’m afraid of driving. I always had a mild problem giving my attention to something. A shiny dime could roll onto the street and distract me, resulting in a great crash that would certainly leave me paralyzed from the hips down—the most important part of the body. Oh, the horror. And I’ve heard so many terror stories of traffic, the DMV, and soaring gas prices. Driving in Honolulu is a nightmare—a place so cramped can not be fun to drive around in…and if it’s not fun, why do it? Because you have to? There are other ways to get around. Less stressful ways. One just has to think, creatively. 
We drove through an automatic gate that cried rust. Something was wrong with the place. Everything was black: From the walls to the furniture to the people in picture frames to the sink to the giraffe’s head on the wall—the ebony animal trophy was the first thing I noticed when I walked in—and it came complete with the neck, as well. How cute. The second thing I noticed: The surroundings smelt like freshly cut lemons over wet clumps of hair. That was a sight for these old nostrils, let me tell you! But if my eyes were to smell the scene, that would be a different story, believe you me. It angers me just to think about it. Thank you for that.
Cakers instructed me to sit and make myself at home as he threw his keys onto the middle of the floor and kicked off his shoes. He looked about the place.
“Tranzam!”
His roar echoed throughout the home. He inhaled and made fists and looked like he was lifting heavy weights as he tilted his head back…slowly. “Tranzammmm!” Cakers walked away into a room, talking. “I don’t know how much more of this I can take, by gum!” When he came back into the living room, he was carrying so much marijuana that my heart was lifted higher than the ceiling.
I don’t remember much of that evening—except that when I woke up, all of my clothes were thankfully still on, and I noticed that he had every video game system in the world, even a GameCube. I slid Dead Rising into the Xbox 360 and thought about how nice it would be to not have to work for a living, and to just sleep all day with a big smile on your face.
A drunk woman walked into the house and I stood up, ready to bolt. She threw an empty bottle of something at me and cried.
“I know you! Troublemaker!”
I backed away, hands out, ready to soothe.
“I’m just a friend of Cakers. All is right in the world. Be calm.”
“I’ll calm you!” she said, stumbling forward. “I knew you’d come. Troublemaker! Be gone! Be gone from this place!” She tripped on her high heels and landed on her knees and began sobbing as immediately as it sounds. I tried to ease her, but the moment I got close enough she jumped at me, clawing the air, hissing and then spitting green. She stood, wanting me to put up my dukes. I didn’t want to hit a lady…not in the face.
There was the din of running feet and Cakers began striking this woman over and over again with an angry whip, yelling at her in a depressed, yet loud way as lightning filled the house.
“Tranzam! Tranzam! Tranzam! Tranzam! Stop making me do this! This is why we can’t have kids! You are not a good mother!”
She was on her back, moving about like a headless snake not wanting to be picked up.
“I have the love! I have the power! Get away from me, you plague! It’s over! I loathe you! It’s over! Is this love? NO! You can’t adore! You don’t have the wherewithal!”
I was in a corner with my fingers in my ears.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way.
This wasn’t love.
Or was it?

CAKERS said I could help myself to anything in the house…so I raided the liquor cabinet as he argued with Tranzam in a nearby room. Things were being thrown against walls—things that shattered, things that exploded, things that rattled. I’m pretty sure they were keys. And I’m also pretty sure someone ducked, followed by a lamp exploding in anger.
I was tired of having my fingers in my ears, due to too many bad memories, so I drank like a beast to dull the noise inside and outside my head. The Universe was kind to me. Cakers had only bottles of Jack Daniel’s—twenty bottles in the open cabinet above my head alone. In another cabinet? Ten more. Under the sink? Eleven more. The refrigerator was odd. Its insides only offered a full head of cabbage and half a bottle of Coke, as in the drink. There was also a Darkwing Duck baby’s bottle.
I took off the rubber nipple and made the obvious combination—sans cabbage—in the bottle and took three, quick, vomit inducing shots.
I slammed the bottle down and leaned against the kitchen counter, my brain swimming and jumping immediately toward some distant Pleasure Land. 
Muffled voices from behind bruised walls.
They were talking about me, loudly. 
Tranzam was tired of Cakers always complaining about me deflowering his dreams. She wanted him to see a therapist—anything to get him to shut up about me. There was a pause whenever she fed him a line. Was Cakers speaking silently? Easing the mood to a moderate pitch? I hoped so. Fights shatter my calm exterior to reveal the lamb inside. How annoying. It’s not respectable. Not manly. The lamb must always be hidden, unless ye be alone in a dim bathroom lit by tiny candles, contemplating the answers of Life.
Sounds against the sliding glass door. I fished up my head and looked, although the sight was processed seconds later.
Crows were banging against the glass.
It was amusing. Was I already so far gone in the drink? Crows in Hawaii?? How very daft. I remembered reading that if a crow somehow got into your house and started flying around, someone was going to die. It was an omen. Bereavement Crows. What’s next? Condemnatory Snakes? Just then—a vision of me being forced to hold an insane rattle snake for an hour shot into my brain and I was instantly thrilled in a scary way.
I fanned my hands like a little girl.
“Shake them off, boy. Shake them off ova thea.”
I opened my eyeballs again…and the birds were no more. I exhaled a shaky one, smiling at my idiocy.
Works every time. 
Like clockwork.
CRASH!
Something huge knocked down the door to the room Cakers and Tranzam were in. Bodies. Two bodies. Their bodies—rolling around and around like such a load of meat thunder and twisting heat. This was not fight making. This was love making—their arms locked around one another—legs pretzelized. Suffice to say, I was embarrassed, and not at all aroused as I hid behind the counter, due to the whisky. It was the good kind of love making, with wet sounds and wet aromas and fluttering eyes of erect pupils. I smiled.
This…was love.
In the making.
They got up and hugged and kissed for another ten minutes. They fancied a drink and came into the kitchen to join me. There was no running away now. I was in deep.
Cakers opened the microwave and took out a bottle of Jack and sipped from it while making Mmmmm sounds.
“You want some, boy?”
“No thank you. I’ve drank enough. I don’t want to get glaucoma.”
Cakers shrugged.
“Suit yourself. Mmmmm….”
I felt physically dirty. There was grease between my legs—down South where the gears of life be. It was time.
“May I take a shower? I need to do some dirty business.”
“Ironic,” said Cakers, eyes swirling in every sense of the word.
Tranzam opened the refrigerator.
“How ingenious!”
She reached in and yanked out the baby bottle. I was shocked! In my drunken state, I had refilled the bottle with the Devil’s piss, slipped over the rubber nipple, and put it back in the refrigerator. What else had I done that I didn’t remember? I patted my body, relieved to have discovered no peculiar, wet spots.
Cakers also rejoiced and took the bottle, dangling it over Tranzam’s head as she sucked from it like a desperate bird-child—her eyes rolling back white. 
Cakers gave out a hearty laugh. There was a thought brewing in his brain, I saw. 
Something was wrong. 
Something was amiss.
He kissed Tranzam on the cheek. 
“Oh, my darling. Are you feeling so relaxed? As the hotness inspires your being? Excellent. You like my words, don’t you, lover? Well…I have more.”
Tranzam still had her eyes closed, smiling. Cakers kissed her on the cheek again…this time, his eyes were open so very wide. The thought I saw brewing earlier was a burning baby behind those eyes.
“Tell me…lover…where do you go at night when I am not home?”
Tranzam’s eyes shot open and she slapped the bottle away and screamed a knot of words. I jumped back, my mouth ajar. She jabbed Cakers in the chest with her fingers, like a claw.
“No more askings!”
“There’s blood!”
“Not mine! Not mine!”
“Then whose?”
She was silent…and thinking.
“Japanese hotel guests.”
“Bullshite.”
“Oh—you—are—so—sure!”
“I don’t even know anymore.”
“Where be the trust? Huh? Where it be? A relationship is based on trust. Where does our relationship stand when there is such a fat hole?”
“But….”
“There are things about me I can not say. Things you will never know. Like how one time I tripped a mean lady in a wheelchair and stole the wheelchair and went down to the beach and tried to drown myself while in the wheelchair. I’m sure you have secrets, too, child. What! Don’t you lie to me!”
“But the blood….”
“Our only savior now is the washing machine.”
Cakers’ pants began to talk. He reached behind his pants and pulled out a walky-talky. A blackman’s voice was on the other end, giving instructions.
It was time for us to jump into the ambulance. An old Russian woman was dying.
All this zaniness was pumping me round and round.

I WAS in the back of the ambulance, sitting down Indian style, as they ran back and forth from the house, now dressed in their white uniforms, throwing supplies into the ambulance, not saying a word to one another.
During the bumpy drive, Tranzam stuffed earplugs into her head and began singing I’ll be Home for Christmas by Michael Buble, noisily. Cakers was so infuriated that he climbed over his seat and joined me in the back…his hands over his face.
For the first time, I noticed a tiny video camera mounted above the windshield, looking out.



FIVE


SPEED bump.
The Russian woman’s eyelids raised—first the left, then the right. The mouth opened, but no sound came out. I looked to Cakers, who was busy washing his hands in a bucket of bright blue, sloshing water. His hands were of the color when he brought them out, yet he made no attempt at wiping them dry.
Headlights blinded us. My breath snagged on something as I saw another ambulance heading right for us. Cakers pointed and screamed, “Get ready!”
Tranzam stepped on the gas.
“I won’t flinch!”
My body froze as my mind did summersaults. My mouth was racing with sounds, but it made no difference. The other ambulance’s headlights grew brighter and brighter. I caught a glimpse of the driver: A pasty woman with wild hair and messy eyes—shrieking, she was, as she pulled a hard right and her ambulance veered off into the night, taking its blinding headlights with it. My pupils took a bit to normalize, but during those few seconds I swear I saw the silhouette of a large plan against the whiteness.
Our ambulance screeched to a stop.
Everyone fell forward, including the Russian woman. She was on her side—awake with those fat eyes, drooling along with the shocked silence.
I broke it.
“WHAT THE FREAK, MAN?! WHAT—THE—FREAK—OVA THEA?!”
The air freshener shaped like a Christmas tree swayed from the rear-view mirror. 
They were all hyperventilating. Cakers waved me away—his other hand on his heart.
“I didn’t want to scare you. So I kept my lips pursed. You dig?”
“Ohhh mannn…I’m in deep! I’m in deep, ova hea! My whole next life flashed before my eyes! What the freak was that stunt? It was weird! You better tell me what’s going on toot sweet or I’m gonna get stink on you!”
“Long story short…Ambulance Chicken. And we won.” He let out a nervous laugh that tried so hard to be joyous. He reached up and opened the camera and took out the tiny tape, then looked at everyone. “We all just made ourselves a tidy profit!” 
Cakers saluted me.
“You did well.”
“I didn’t even do anything!”
“Exactly. And yet the night keeps turning.”
“I’m tired of your riddles, man. So very tired and so very sick. I’m outta here. Poof! Gone. Now I will say good day to you, sir.”
I made for the backdoors. The Russian woman—in an odd, manly voice—blurted out, disrespectfully:
“PAIN!”
She stood up like garbage and waved her arms around, slapping herself in the face. She yanked out fistfuls of her hair, stuffing her mouth and eating as dark matter spilt from the hole in her head—gloop that got on my pants. Cakers shouted demands at the woman, but she was a long gone loon. She bolted for me—for the doors. I cried out, “Foul!” and covered my face with my arms. Cakers tackled the woman against a wall and a thick layer of her head-goop flew onto Tranzam’s lips. She moaned in a scary way and heaved bits of sick onto the windshield. Cakers yelled, “Tranzam! Take action!” She nodded many times and cursed the world and stepped on the gas. Before I could reject her action, I felt my body being pulled back through the doors. I landed on the hard dirt, on my back. 
Why did I see a flock of colors dancing behind my eyelids? 
Cakers and the Russian woman fell on me, performing a mad, horizontal tango.
Panic raped me, and I inched away on my hands and knees whilst making chirping sounds.
The ‘loser’ ambulance was parked nearby—silent with its emergency lights rolling—halfway in a ditch.
Cakers and the Russian stood up, strangling each other for some reason. She was a zombie of sorts—inarticulate, yet full of motion and want. It was clear to me then that Cakers was trying to protect me. He kicked in my general direction, stomping the ground to seem serious.
“Scram, boy! Scram!”
The thick fear that screamed all over me vanished somehow and I jumped to my feet and ran to them, punching the woman three times on the back of her head in a series of delayed bursts. Black slop splattered all over the lower half of my head. Our ambulance began to reverse—fast. Cakers grinned and nodded. 
“That’s my girl ova thea!” 
He kicked me and I stumbled back, but my feelings weren’t hurt.
“Boy! Make haste!”
I cartwheeled out of the way. The ambulance reversed into them and they fluttered through the air with a loud WHOOSH and looked like confused birds trying to take flight. Cakers landed on the soft, obese woman, whose face was now asleep. 
Was she smiling? 
Cakers hugged the woman, and squeezed out a tense string of understandable laughs.
I looked at my hands, shaking my head as Cakers’ giggles bounced off my surprised bulk. I didn’t know I could do a cartwheel. But under times of extreme pressure….
Tranzam ran out—festive and clapping—and we all helped to carry the woman back into the ambulance. Cakers gave Tranzam a pat on the upper back.
“You did good, girl. Your aim is wonderful.”
“Thanks. It wasn’t her I was aiming at. But hey, I’ll take all the complements I can get from a cheater.”
“Goddamn YOU.”
“Your God has no control over me.”
I wanted to take a few steps back, but didn’t want to draw their attention, or embarrass them. I looked around and realized where we were.
We were at Round Top Drive on Mount Tantalus, a long, nine mile loop around and around upward. It’s a popular sightseeing spot that I rarely have time for. The chilly night breeze put me into some kind of trance as I awed at the hundreds of lights below me—of the sleeping houses lined along the mountain, of distant Waikiki, and of the cars on the streets and highways. It’s always a gorgeous sight, but there was no time to ogle. 
Tranzam and Cakers instructed me to stand behind the ambulance and watch over the patient, and make sure she didn’t do anything weird as they ran to the other ambulance. They yanked open the driver’s door, and after much discussion, were able to coax the woman with the crazy hair outside, tenderly holding her hand as they babied her in my direction. 
I could feel my face shrink. She looked like a tangle of something my shower drain sometimes threw up. I mumbled how I didn’t want to sit next to her, due to my childhood fear of catching hepatitis. They eased her inside, whispering sweet somethings into her ear, which was moving on its own, mind you—up and down, like she was showing off or something.
It was irksome, and it’s making me mad just thinking about it.
I was pushed into the ambulance by unknown hands, and we zoomed higher up the mountain.
The woman was shaking in a corner, cuddling herself into a ball of sweat and contradictions. She gawked and gawked at me and it was thick and all over my skin. I focused on keeping the Russian woman from sliding off the gurney—known as a trolley in British medical context—as the ambulance ran over bump after bump. I side-eyed the crazy woman out of reflex action. Apparently, I rolled my eyes at her, and that did it. Her mouth imploded as she bellowed at me.
“Chillax, Broseph! Chillax!”
Vaguely understanding what she meant, I put my hands up, to soothe. She turned up her nose and looked away with a “Hmph!” We ran over a mighty bump and I caught the Russian just as she rolled off the trolley. 
No one saw the flub, and I said, “Whew...”
Cakers looked over his shoulder.
“Everything all right back there?”
I had my hands locked around the Russian’s wrists, mainly to show off how strong I was.
“Everything’s hunky-dory, boss!”
“Aww, come now, boy, don’t call me boss. I’m just a hard working homo—just like you! And by homo, I mean Homo sapien, so let’s not get any bright ideas.”
Tranzam let out a guttural, sarcastic laugh.
“Oh teehee. It is to laugh.”
Cakers straightened his back.
“Shut up, you! Or so help me I’ll punch your lights in.”
There was an awkward silence. It had to be sliced, and Cakers was the man to do it. He turned from the window to look at Tranzam.
“Err…good work back there.”
Tranzam grunted and wiped a bit of sick from the windshield.
“Let’s just make this fast. I suddenly have an urge to have to go somewhere.”
Cakers exhaled—giving up.
“FINE.”
Trying to stabilize myself, I half walked, half crouched over to Cakers.
“Where are we heading? The observation deck at top of the mountain is closed this time of night.”
“We’re not going sightseeing, lad. There are friends up there. Friends that I work for…and some I work with. Are you fearful? Are you so Goddamn full of it? Oh, boy. Fear not! They’re nice. Feel better now?”
“Actually, yes.”
“Ambulance Chicken, boy. That’s where the currency be at. Four thousand shillings. That’s how much we won!”
“So…if you would pardon this possibly insulting question…when are we going to take this Russian woman to the hospital? I’m getting the bumps.”
Silence. They all looked over. At first I thought it was at the Russian woman, but no…it was at me—like I said something that was so blasphemous. I wanted to apologize, but could only look away.
Cakers smiled, I think.
“So young and pure.” 
I looked up and then saw that he was crying? 
He gave me the thumbs up, thank God. “Listen, child. The hospital is too far. She’ll never make it. Our way is better.”
The Russian’s skin looked pale—although it was hard for me to tell, seeing as how I’m colorblind.
“How much longer?”
The crazy woman perked up.
“Yes, do tell. I’m cold…and there’s a high pressure system in my bladder.”
Tranzam whipped around, pointing.
“WHAT DID I TELL YOU BACK THERE, WENCH?! Don’t you dare even think it! Take the muck out of your ears and stand attention to my ways!”
Cakers was a tad nicer to her.
“Please. Do not urinate, Spicey. You promised you wouldn’t if we gave you a ride to the meeting.”
This ‘Spicey’ nodded.
“Your sounds are very soothing to me, Cakers. I appreciate that.” Spicey gave Tranzam an eye that was so very cocked. “Unlike your emissions, Tranzam. Your sounds thrill me in the most awful of ways.”
Tranzam shook her head, and said, “You Goddamn baboon.” The pot in her belly was boiling and threatened to burst a bad stew. Her internal revenue was now fat with anger, and she wished to make a withdrawal.
“Bitch, bitch, bitch. I should have left you back there with the zombies.”
Spicy immediately began to shake all over.
“GOD! No.” She put out a lazy hand that was rather pathetic in aura. “Nooooooo. Pleassssssssse. Err…I apologize?”
After that odd exchange of spiteful words, no one said anything. It was understandable. We were all exhausted, and needed a break from all the tongue-flappings.
I was also bursting—not with a hateful stew, but with bubbling questions. What was at the top of the mountain? What was Ambulance Chicken, really? And what did Tranzam mean when she said Zombies?
Cakers smiled at me.
“Nervous? Don’t worry. I got your back.”
I smiled, suddenly eased.
“And I got your front.”

OUR ambulance climbed up the dirt road, toward the shimmering stars, and turned right…into the parking lot. There were around fifteen other ambulances, all strewn about the place. Three were on a mini, grassy hill, facing each other; some were on the sidewalks; a few were on the edge, overlooking the city lights; and one blocked the Men’s restroom. More than half of the ambulances were unfamiliar in design to me. Cakers told me to keep silent. Something about this felt very illegal, but I kept my mouth glued to the back of my hand.
The ambulance drivers were all in different uniforms, sleeping on the grass, chatting on cell phones, getting drunk in their vehicles, and smoking herb in the woods whilst doing God knows what. Two people—a chubby girl and a skinny male—were on the roof of an ambulance, French kissing and on their knees as their hands explored certain districts. Her top was off, and he was wearing it. Most of these people just stood about in groups of 3, drinking Amber Bock.
A dog wandered here and there with a carton of Marlboro cigarettes strapped to its back. I assumed these were free, so I chased after the fiend, only to have it whine at me and flee into the woods. I think people were laughing at me. 
Good. 
The world needs laughter. In the middle of all of this stood a tipi, and I could have only assumed that an Indian was inside. Cakers went in while I climbed back inside the ambulance—not daring to be left outside alone with these fools—where Tranzam was asleep. Or pretending to be asleep. I rolled my window down to get some air.
The place was a gaggle of foreign languages—ambulances shipped from India, Australia, Canada, London, Philippines, France, Russia, etc. I could snatch a familiar word or two. There were talks on Obama, horror films, unidentified flying objects, college life, Egypt, Britney Spears, tips on parenting, and infections. 
There was a fight in a swaying ambulance, but no one paid any mind.  The brawlers were screaming in Yiddish, and I heard one of them say, “Gayn Cacken Ofn yam”, which I’m pretty sure means: Go shit in the ocean.
Spicy ran out after the dog, yelling at it to give her a smoke. She gave up and sat on the ground, meditating with her legs crossed. A man from India strolled up and put food into her mouth. They were friends, I hoped.
The tipi glowed as a video projector played large, confusing images on its wall.
Tranzam was snoring so loud that she woke herself up with a snort. She looked around—confused and unnerved—lit a cigarette, THEN put it in her mouth, sucking it while giving me the old side-eye. She wasn’t painting layers of screams onto my face. That was a good thing. Maybe she warmed up to me—saw the logic in the situation—finally saw that I was an innocent in this whole shebang. I leaned over.
“May I please have a cigarette?”
“Yes. Fuck you.”
“So…yes, then?”
“Turn away from me, youngling.”
“I’m probably older than you.”
“The more you talk…the more I want to die.”
I was being filled with that old, familiar heat—and it took all I had to keep it from reaching my clenched fists and balled toes of uncharacteristic rage. I looked outside, to the tipi. Marijuana smoke was rising out from it, and giggling. There were dark birds circling above it, as well. They were probably high and daydreaming about eating worms—the people inside, not the birds.
“How long is he going to take?”
“Why? So you can suck on his tongue? What was that? Yes? Why am I not surprised.”
“Pardon?”
“What? Now you say you want to stick it up him? How gross.”
“I didn’t say that. You’re just putting words all over my mouth. Stop it.”
“You stop it,” She exhaled. “Seriously though, stop having sex with my man behind my back.”
“WHAT!”
“You heard me, swine.”
I laughed in a nervous way.
“I’m not gay. I like women so much. Whatever gave you the idear that I would make moves on your man? It’s disturbing and scary. Sheesh!” 
“You’re all he talks about—morning…night…when we’re taking a shower together, touching things…when he’s eating and forking scrambled eggs into his hole…when we play tennis…when he cries at night…and so forth, and so forth. Thank you for ruining what could have been a perfect marriage.”
“Man alive…I’m very sorry. It was never my intention to cause harm. It’s just that my dreams…they have been messed with. They have been soiled.”
“I don’t even want to know what you two do in the dream world. But I imagine sucking is involved, as well as the exchange of liquids.” She put her hand on her stomach. “Oh God, my belly. Will I vomit?”  
“There is nothing of the sort going on here! My dreams involve kicking him out! This I promise you.”
“You are in NO position to promise me sweets!”
“Hey! I have morals, you know! I was born a Catholic. So that proves it. I wouldn’t dream of inflicting harm on matters of the heart. This would be folly.”
“Then why did you cheat on him in your past life?”
The world beyond the windows dimmed like lights on a stage, and I turned my head to Tranzam, slowly for dramatic effect…my eyes fat and glowing as cinders.
“Did he say something to you? What words fell from those dim-witted lips?”
“Leave him alone. He was having a bad night. Bad, bad madness. I held him—cradled him, even. Time stopped. We had a moment. He vented.”
“These are private affairs! You are excluded!”
“What goes on in his life—his soul—is my business, you hear me, boy! This is what it means to be a couple. We share everything! Evvvvveeerrrryyythingggggg.”
“Leave me alone! I did nothing!”
She punched the steering wheel and it honked.
“The day you kissed him past tense was the day you pissed all over my dreams.” 
“No, no, no, no, no. This is dirty. That might’ve been me in the past—some version of me—a tiny bit of my source energy—but I’m a new person now. I did not cheat on Cakers!” I opened the door. “The very idea of embezzling spit with a male makes me ill! Good day to YOU!”
I slammed the door as hard as I could and stomped away. People were staring, murmuring. How do homosexuals do it? How do gay men do it? Look at a man’s nude body? It’s disgusting and not shaped in an elegant way. The male body looks like a standing elephant. Our bodies are bad on the eyes: There are bumps in all the wrong places, whereas the female body has curves in all the right places. Making love to a man must be as fun as making love to a bag of trash. It’s repulsive. The naked man is revolting. This is why I close one eye when I watch pornography, or mute the volume whenever the male “performer” gets a wee too excited. The cigarette dog ran by and I was able to catch him and steal a pack of smokes. I gave a German ambulance driver the universal sign for a light and inhaled. Damn if I care my chest started to hurt again. The lightheaded feeling was worth it. I walked toward the tipi as two Polynesian drivers juggled large knives on fire back and forth while bongo players sat around them, thumping a seductive rhythm.
I needed a spit of beer to drown out the images bombing my eyes. I could’ve asked for a blazing knife and stabbed my eyes out right there and then.
But you can’t stab your mind’s eye. 
Just then, as I massaged the middle of my eyes and groaned, the backdoors of a nearby ambulance flew open and threw up a flock of five nuns. They wore the standard issued black and white headgear and were in bra and panties, beer bottles in hand spilling here and there, chased into the woods by a fat, Filipino ambulance driver. The girls were yelling his name and laughing as they ran.
“Oolong! Oolong! Oolong!” 
He burped as he followed—his beast of a belly jiggling like a heavy weight threatening to be dislocated.
I had stopped dead in my shoes. 
These fiends. 
Their vision was based on movement, and I didn’t want to be involved in any kind of sexual altercation and develop bumps around my mouth that bled whenever they damn well felt like it. 
I walked by an open, black tent where some drivers were sitting around a stereotypical-looking doctor. He was standing in front of a large picture of a deformed fetus—pointing at it with a tree branch and giving some sort of inspiring speech. He had a very soothing face. He opened a plastic bag and everyone stood up, tossing in spoons and little bags of white powder.
Something shimmered and I looked down.
One of the nuns had dropped her beer bottle and it magically landed on its feet, still full. I stood over the beverage as it tempted my chapped lips, but I won the round by walking away, albeit sad.
I was too shy to ask around for a beer. A little flame for a cigarette was OK, but a beer is more personal. One doesn’t walk into a party or a bar of strangers and ask around for a free bottle. Unless you were an asshole. It’s rude. My only chance was to walk around and hope that I was offered one.
Didn’t happen. 
“Eh, boy, get over here.”
It was Cakers, and he had a blue envelope in his hand. He was smiling.
“Some of this money is yours. Satisfied?”
“Give it to your lady.”
“What was that?”
“I feel too guilty.”
“Dang it! I told her to cool it! Whatever she told you, don’t take it too hard. She can be extremely cruel at times.”
“It was fair. I deserved it. I lost my cool.”
“Honey child, ain’t seen nothing yet. I’ll straighten this out. Where is she? I’ll teach her a thing or two about manners. Again. With my stern fists and equally stern face.”
“She’s in the ambulance—but let’s just drop it. She’s gathering herself. No violence tonight. It upsets me to no end.”
He exhaled and rolled his eyes.
“Damn skirt. FINE. We have work to do anyway.”
An Indian chief, in full getup, walked out from the tipi and stretched his back. He waved at everyone—face serious—and the drivers yanked open the backdoors to their ambulances, showing him their patients. I could immediately tell that some of them were dead, seeing how more than one was missing a head.
The chief walked to each body and felt their limbs and smelt their skin, writing his findings into a green, spiral notebook.
Cakers whispered for me to step aside as the Indian chief approached Cakers’ ambulance and examined the Russian woman. 
Was she dead, too?
My stomach punched me, and said, “Take a wild guess, you stupid fool! This whole thing is mashugena!”
I felt sick all over, and I wanted to cry. Some kind of lump was in my throat.
The chief took hold of the Russian lady and dragged her out. With one meaty arm wrapped around her waist, he reached behind his back and gave Cakers another envelope—this one yellow.
His eyes lit up. The other drivers began yelling things, like “No fair!” and “Mine is better!” and “Mine is cleaner!” and “I can get another one with arms this time—I promise!”
The chief whipped a cold stare at them that shut them all up toot sweet. He nodded to us and fireman carried the woman into the darkness of the tipi. I swallowed the lump in my throat, and things immediately began running from my nose.
“Oh…Jesus. I thought we were going to take her to a hospital? What in blue blazes?”
“Boy, this is better than a hospital. This is the bee’s knees!”
“What’s going to happen to that poor Russian? What’s that big guy going to do to her?”
Cakers slapped my sternum with the yellow envelope.
“Relax. All I can tell you—at least for now—is that she’s dead. She was a goner since we found her. Her body’s going to great, wondrous use here. Oahu will benefit.”
I looked around as people were leaving and saw lights coming up the road. It was a cop.
“Oh, piss!”
How did HPD know I’d be here on this day at this time? The car drove into the parking lot and I ran into the woods, but no one seemed to care. No one panicked. The police officer stepped out and walked to the tipi, where the chief was waiting for him and wearing a butcher’s apron, covered in blood. He handed a garbage bag to the officer, who clapped his hands in approval.
My mouth dropped and hands flew out from nowhere and covered my eyes.
“Don’t look!” Cakers whispered into my ear. “Be quiet!”
“Too much!” I struggled. “Too much!”
The cop nodded to the chief and went back to his car—whistling the theme to the X-Files—and drove away.
Cakers sensed that I was calm and slid his hands off my mouth.
“Where’s Tranzam?”

WE looked all over the mountain top for her—even after all the ambulances left, but it was no good. There was no sight of Tranzam. Cakers was biting his nails. He began pacing back and forth in the parking lot with his hands behind his back, darting British curse words under his breath—words like “Bloody” and “Arse” and “Blast” and “Fanny” and “Queer” and “Redundancy” and “Sod off!” and “Wanker (pronounced Wankah)”.
The chief stayed in his tipi. 
I tried calling out for Tranzam, but Cakers didn’t like that idea and told me to—and I quote—“Shut my shit dam.” We rationalized that she caught a ride with another ambulance and we drove out from the parking lot. There were 4 or 5 police cars making their way up to the top of the mountain—most likely to see the chief. I was tempted to ask Cakers what this was all about, but I knew it would’ve been futile.
He was in no mood.



SIX


I SHOULD quit writing. What am I doing? What have I just done? No one’s going to buy that last scene. Someone’s going to agree. They’ll say, “He said it himself. He’s terrible. I don’t understand any of it! Someone should put him out of his misery. He’s so old anyway. I paid money for this?”
And then I’ll get my feelings hurt, like with that review some no-name wrote about The Zombie Hunter’s Bible. They wanted to burn it. How could I have made someone feel that way? I’m nice. I care about babies. How could I have made a complete stranger turn so hateful? I’m a monster. He didn’t like the chapter on how to make your penis bigger. Said I was insulting him. Said I was calling his prick small.
He was also angered on the How to Eat a Zombie chapter. Said it was unrealistic. You can’t eat a zombie.
I feel dreadful. I’m a monster for angering him—a complete stranger.
Maybe I should have made it into a serious book, like how that famous one is so serious. People respect you more if you write serious works. Because that’s life…to them. Life to them is serious and dramatic. They understand it. You have to work hard and struggle to succeed, they tell me. 
I’m 66-something pages into this book and I’m having second thoughts. I want to trash it. 
I care too much about what people think. 
I shouldn’t care so much about what people think. Because I like this. Don’t I?
I shouldn’t care so much about what people think.
I SHOULD care about what people think. I’m not writing solely for myself! I care about others. I want to entertain them. People are good. There are good people in the world.
I can’t tell a story. Maybe I should take classes. Be more normal. Relate to people more in telling stories….No. I can do this….Just finish this. Accomplish something. Your life means more than just folding clothes….I want to take up drinking again. It relaxes me. It feels good. Maybe throw in a little marijuana, too. 
No! You wasted two whole years doing that! Two unproductive years that flew by quicker that shit through a goose!
I should stop writing and complaining and maybe take up voice acting for cartoons. I’ve been thinking about that more and more while folding clothes. My feet hurt at night. I don’t want to walk home at four in the morning for two hours anymore.
It wouldn’t be a problem if I knew how to drive.
I wish I was rich so I could paint all day.



SEVEN


WE had many drinks of Jack and coke back at the house, although I had secretly diluted mine with water to keep clear minded. 
Cakers was on the floor, on his back. He told me how much he loved Tranzam and how sweet she was when they first met and how he desperately wanted to marry her in Ireland, in some rundown, haunted pile of stones called Clonony Castle. He wept, then was angry, then wept some more. I had never seen anyone jump back and forth between the two states every ten seconds. I was genuinely impressed.
I put a bit more alcohol than I originally planned into my glass and sat down next to him, avoiding a large, ancient stain on the carpet. I should really drink more water. I wouldn’t want to get kidney stones. I hear those are bad. Kramer once got a stone on Seinfeld and it was painful to watch.
“Your love for her is real, and it fills me with rough desire. I wish, one day, to throw my love onto a dame. Oh, come now, no tears, please. It’s a candidate for potential dehydration. Don’t worry about Tranzam, my boy. I’m sure Tranzam’s all right. Speaking of which…that bag was full of meat, wasn’t it,” I asked. “It was the Russian’s meat.”
He stopped crying instantly, like someone had touched him in the right spot without his permission.
“Yes,” he said, now sitting up, smiling. 
I could tell that he wanted to school me. It made him feel useful, I was sure, and I gave him my full attention.
“School me,” I says, sipping my drink and raising my right eyebrow.
He looked around and over his shoulder.
“Yes. You are correct, boy. That was a bag of meat. But that was no ordinary cop. That was a cannibal.”
“I figured that much.”
“Are you going to let me finish?”
“Sorry. I’m excitable.”
“Not everyone in the Honolulu Police Department is a cannibal.”
“Bullocks.”
“Is not! Listen. That one we saw? His name is Bardow. Full name being, Lt. Krill Bardow. Age 41. German-Hawaiian. Scorpio. Family? One wife, three girls. All lesbians—including wife.” He sighed. “Oh boy…if it wasn’t for him, we would have all been sacked that night. The jiglets don’t take too kindly to scallywags.”
“Hrmm, I see. So it was some kind of morbid payoff. Brilliant. And all so you guys can continue with playing Ambulance Chicken.”
“The race is the life, man…and it pays. I’d rather be doing this than working for The Man. We all would. We all feel alive. Our minds get off the bads. You saw the addiction tents—where everyone was tossing in their burnt spoons and bags of cocaine. We should be thanking God.”
“Which one?”
“The nice one. The one that’s not a sadist.”
I scratched my chin and hummed, “Hrmmm….” The only nice one I knew was the one with no gender and made of stars. Speaking of which, I was raised to believe that God made us in his image, so if that is true, wouldn’t that make him intersexual? Or a possible hermaphrodite?
There was lightning outside. A storm was brewing. Would those damn birds appear again? Those Omen Birds from the beyond? What were they trying to tell me? What were they warning me about? They say that if a bird flies into a home, someone’s going to die. But why were these birds so F’ing persistent?
“You could have killed all of us, that night,” I said. “You should have told me!”
“And what would you have done? Still agree to ride? Ha. You would’ve ran off with your tail between your legs, whistling Dixie.”
“So what if I did?”
“Fine if you want to go back to that job of yours.”
I stared at him. Images of shirts and jeans were stinging my brain. My heart fell. My back was suddenly weak. Cakers rolled his eyes up and grinned and shrugged.
“We all made a lot of money—on that mountain.”
“How often do you guys race?”
“Once a week. We don’t go on the days them young whippersnappers race their low, import cars. Those younglings be crazy. I remember one story that was told to me by a fellow ambulance driver, who was also a bee keeper. He was racing someone from St. Francis Medical Center but instead ran head-on into a blue import car. That little thing shattered like glass, sending some young Filipino/Japanese girl flying through the air and into a tree. Her arm got dislocated and went missing. The only passenger was her pet parrot—who I think was named Cooze Mutha. It survived, but now it only screams I DID NOTHING WITH MY LIFE! whenever it hears a car honk.”  
“Holy Goddamn. Did your friend win the race?”
“Yes!”
“Good. Where is he now?”
“Dead….He was driving to the airport to transport damn bees to Maui when the sun jumped out from behind a cloud and blinded him. His SUV did so many front flips….People tried to help drag his body out from under the wreck, but those damn bees just wouldn’t stop stinging everyone. It was a dang mess….I told that bastard to always wear his shades!”
“I like shades, but I don’t have a shades face.”
Cakers looked at his watch.
“If she doesn’t come home in an hour…that’s it. Done. Stick a fork in me, I’m done. And don’t take it out.”
“You said you loved her.”
“I’m tired. I’m sooo tired. Please, just let me sleep.”
He rolled over, using his hands as a pillow, and closed his eyes. I got up and wobbled over to the couch, drink sloshing in hand. Did he know what he had just said? No. The dizziness got the best of him. Sure, he was upset…but I could tell that he loved her so much—so Goddamn much!—that he’d never leave her. That he’d always forgive her. Was he a fool? To love someone that much?
Well, I thought he was a fool.
I ain’t no rocket surgeon, but I’m pretty sure love is suppose to feel good.
Queen, on the other foot, truly loved her man. Or in this case…cat.
They had a good relationship, up until he called her a witch. How many years had they been together? Many, many years. Like how it should be.
She must’ve have been lonely nowadays. A cat is a poor substitute for human love—human attention. I was feeling guilty….An old woman with no one to talk to. And we just up and left. Would I ever see her again? I could learn a thing or two about this witchcraft of hers. It was interesting.
Was I trying to make up for all those years I had avoided my mum? By giving this old woman attention?
I downed my drink, and passed out on the bathroom floor.

I WAS dreaming about aliens and cows. The aliens were mutilating them in their spaceship—attaching tubes into holes that should not have been there.
It felt like my mind was one with theirs.
They wanted to help all cows.
I could hear Cakers’ voice. Where was he? Why was he screaming for Tranzam every three seconds? 
These aliens…they looked almost human. Were they human? Aren’t we aliens? Isn’t that what Zecharia Sitchin teaches us? These aliens looked so familiar. They were not the typical short Greys with large, black eyes. It was like I was looking at them with beer goggles.
And they spoke English.
They said that all cows need a little love and understanding. That’s why they were mutilating them. They were cutting off their limbs and replacing them with large medical scissors. They pulled their faces off like masks and revealed the cows to actually be old women.
These aliens genuinely meant well.
I woke up, eyes wet and sore—face in my own sick: A crude mix of alcohol, gummy bears, stomach acid, and Cup Noodles—a pile of tangled rope inching its way out from my lips. I bit through its length and jumped to my feet, leaned over the sink, stuck my finger down my throat, and did the obvious. My eyes wanted to explode while I made strange, sad sounds. It was high-pitched. Green, greasy splatter was all over the mirror.
I wiped my tears.
“I feel much better.”
I had clogged the drain and was looking down at my own curse. It was always a dreadful sight. This was who I was on the inside, a weird mix of randomness….I wanted to be even more drunk to drown out these feelings of fear, guilt, and self-loathing. I scooped my meal and drank and ate and vomited and drank and ate and vomited, until eventually I had filtered all the alcohol….
Cakers was pounding on the door.
“Hey…HEY! HEY YOU OVA THEA!”
I cleared my throat.
“Yes. Yes. Yes.”
“Get out of thea, boy! You’re so ill!”
“Be gone!”
“I’m coming in, boy!”
“Be gone, I say!”
He kicked the door down—off the hinges—and ran in, shoving my face into the sink. I tried to punch him away, but he was too sober. He raised my head and I gasped for air, still trying to hit him.
“Bastard!”
We were sliding all over the wet floor. His footing was amazing.
“No more of this silliness, boy!”
“I have to go!”
“You are in no state!”
“I have to see Queen!”
“Bah!” he yelled, hands tight around my elbows. “Your insides are sour! You have to stay here and be well! Am I getting clear to you? Do you taste yourself? You’re sour! You hearing me?!”
“Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!”
“You best be understanding me,” he said, letting me fall on my butt. “I ain’t got no time for no tomfoolery. I have work to do—have to take care of too many bums in my work. Do you know how many bums I deal with everyday? Fifty! Fifty drunken bums! They’re almost as irritating as drug addicts that come to my ambulance and beg for Robotussin. My ambulance is a lifesaving machine! I ain’t got no time! You dig?”
“I dig, I dig.”
He stormed away.
I cleaned myself up with a pair of boxers and went to the living room. Cakers was on the floor, sleeping. I had to see Queen. The thought of her place felt like Heaven. I walked over to the door, using the walls as a guide to not fall over. Cakers’ voice was at my back—soft, yet riddled with stern consonants.
“I hope you could taste yourself, boy. I hope you could taste.”
I looked over my shoulder and could tell immediately that his eyes weren’t even open. He just knew….
I slid on my shoes and went outside, but Cakers had one more thing to say as I walked down the driveway.
“You smell like shit, boy!”
The sun was coming up, already hurting my eyes and making me squint. 
“Do I work tonight,” I said out loud as an old man jogged past. “Fuck. I hope I don’t work tonight. I’m so very sour.”
Something huge drove up next to me, but I kept walking. It was Cakers, banging on the horn with the ambulance lights spinning.
“Get in.”
“Piss off.”
“I’m sorry I shoved your head into your own sick.”
“It was horrible!”
“Come on in here and let me treat you to breakfast. We can go to Like Like Drive Inn Restaurant. They have the best eggs.”
That sounded good…but if I agreed to go, I’d lose. My belly groaned. I stopped walking and sighed.
“Sucks to this.”
I opened the backdoors and jumped in, resting on my back. 

THE meal had done the trick, and I was happy again. We chatted about movies as we ate, specifically why I chose Tim Burton’s Batman over Christopher Nolan’s. It was around seven in the morning and people were still coming in the restaurant after hours of clubbing. These people were all hung-over and in terrible need of a shower.
Behind me was the security guard, standing next to the table and flirting with a young girl who was complaining about how tired her legs were from all that dancing.
I keep forgetting how loud forks and knives can be on plates. It’s irritating.
I slept in the back, on the gurney, as Cakers drove me to Queen’s house.
“We're here,” he said, moving my shoulders.
“Mahalo,” I yawned, stepping outside and massaging my eyes. “You gonna say hi?”
“I have to zoom on over to the psychic shop and get things set up. Feel free to call if you need a ride back.”
“Any word from Tranzam?”
“Nope.”
“Is that it, then?”
“Yup.”
“Sure?”
“Nope.”
“So what. Who cares? I don’t mean to be rude, but, you mentioned that I had won some money?”
He smiled and reached into his pocket, taking out a wad of cash. I took the money and stuffed it into my pocket. Cakers looked confused.
“You’re not going to count it?”
“I’m sure it’s enough. So what. Who cares? I have cheap rent and all I eat is double cheeseburgers from McDonald’s all day, every day.”
“Splendid.”
I saw Queen’s cat. Something was wrong. The three of us went inside and found Queen on the ground, flat on her face, thighs spread open. There was so much blood, and an unwound hanger….
We dragged her into the ambulance where Cakers worked his magic, pumping her full of odd-colored drugs. Queen bolted up and fell off the gurney. But she was fine. In fact, she said she never felt better in her whole life!
We asked her what she was doing with the hanger. She said she was silencing the voices.
It wasn’t long before Queen was calling Cakers night after night, begging him to help her friends—all old and weak and with little or no insurance. I asked him if the workload bothered him, but he said that it was the greatest thing to have happened to him. They were paying him good money.
He liked the idea of becoming some kind of superhero, too—helping those with no insurance, letting them pay as much as they could—as much as they felt was worth his time. He performed also on younger folks, but they didn’t pay nearly as much. We did many operations in the back of his ambulance: Hysterectomies, amputations, teeth pulling, etc.
He was quick to point out how well I used my hands…how strong my fingers were. He once misplaced a clamp, so I pinched the vein as hard as I could, helping him to finish the operation and saving the patient’s life. I remember telling him that it was because I had been handling hanger clamps for over 2 years. My fingers had muscles shocking even to me. 
I was also good at doing repetitious assignments, like filling bee bites with saline solution for over an hour straight.
Cakers became best known for his lobotomies—sticking an ice pick above the tear duck of a patient and hitting it with a hammer (or sometimes a sock full of pennies) and ruining their frontal lobe, in the hopes of curing mental illness.
All patients are first knocked unconscious. After they signed his contract, I’d sneak up behind them and hit them over the head with a frying pan.
He was performing a lobotomy on a retired high school principle once, on a beautiful Sunday night (any night with that many twinkling stars is beautiful to me). Her leg twitched right when he was hammering an ice pick into her eye, and it broke off. We were both sent yelping.
I was pressing my back against a wall, trying to push my way through into another dimension where everything was back to normal.
“Ohhhhhhhhhh, man oh man!”
Cakers reached out to the ice pick.
“I’ll just yank it out…”
The woman woke up, sleepy and a little weird.
“…What is be going happenings?”
I threw my hands up.
“Great! You’ve turned her into a loon!”
“This is bad for business. We have to get rid of her. We’ll leave her in Chinatown.”
“We can’t just dump her! Where’s the nearest hospital?”
“You silly tit! We could get caught!”
“You beast! You’re such a beast! I had no idea.”
“FINE. Okay! Hospital, it is.”
It was decided to drop her off at Straub hospital, across the street, outside the KITV news building. I stuck my head out of the window as we drove off and stared at her as she wondered about in a daze, smiling with a half an ice pick sticking out from her eye. People in white clothing ran up to her, patting her on the head. Someone was horrified.
There were more failures than successes. I couldn’t go every night, and I asked him what he did will all the patients that were turned into zombies. He assured me that he dropped them all off at random hospitals. He didn’t look me in the eye when he said it, and I had no choice but to believe him.
Apparently, Cakers wasn’t the first to come up with the idea of traveling the island, performing surgeries. Back in the 70’s, three veterinarians set off on a mission to help families with their stubborn kids by performing ice pick lobotomies on them. They held the operations in a green, hippy van on Round Top during nighttime hours. The goal was—for a tiny fee—to “set the kids right” and “get the insubordination out of them”. Again, there were a lot of failed cases. Many of the wealthy parents would be distraught and give up on their kids…and the ‘zombies’ were left to walk aimlessly through the woods of Round Top Drive.
The next few days found Cakers locked in his home. Sometimes I’d walk by the gate and hear loud weeping.
“My love! My love!” he’d beg. “Tranzam….where are you?”
I came over one day with some food from Taco Bell. He opened the door before I could even knock and looked like a bomb dropped. Inside the house was a different tale—clean as a whistle. TOO clean. His knees were red and swollen. Sponges littered the floor. Had he been cleaning this whole time?
“Come in, please,” he said, all smiles. “I just bought drinks.”
I stepped inside, face shrinking from the strong Pine-Sol scent kicking my nose.
“Good,” I said. “I have Tacos.”
Cakers opened a drawer and took out coffee mugs.
“Jack and Coke, right?” he said, pouring in the liquid. “I remember.”
I slipped on a sponge but corrected my balance before something shameful happened.
“Dammit!”
Cakers blushed.
“Sorryyyyy.”
“What the hell, man?”
“I’ve been doing a lot of cleaning. My knees are swollen.”
“I noticed. Has it been helping? This sort of meditation?”
“Yes. Cleaning works.”
“Thank God.”
“No. Thank David Lee Roth.”
“I said thank God, didn’t I?”
“I got the idea from him while watching TV one night. Hell, if it works for him…you know what I mean, Billy Jean?”
“How very.”
We took hold of our mugs and drank. I made to mention that I’ve been hearing him yell out Tranzam’s name, but his mouth was quicker than mine.
“My grandma just died,” he said, like it was the greatest surprise in the world—emphasis on ‘died’. “She was so fucking nice. Now she’s dead. Gone. Departed. We talked about art and science and everything. She was the kind of woman I’d marry.”
I tried to come up with something wise, but all I could manage was “I’m so sorry for you, and all this baby-mama dramas.”
He made to pour another drink. Relax a bit. Don’t do it, I thought, and as if reading my mind, he froze before the liquor came out…then sighed.
“I have to go clean her place out.” He looked around, amused. “Hmph! I guess I’ve been practicing this whole time!” He put a hand on my shoulder. “I could use a hand. We’re not moving anything major just yet.”
I told him that I wouldn’t mind, and we finished our drinks—or really, I finished mine. Cakers stared at his empty cup for a bit and put it in the sink.
He must have been at his lowest low, with everything going on. Sad…how one can be so down in the dumps—so over everything—that even something as pleasurable as drinking becomes worthless.

HIS grandma had lived on an old farm in Pandora, just outside of Kaneohe. Once a busy, blossoming town mainly consisting of Greeks, Pandora’s population has dwindled from 3,000 to around 50, slowly becoming a ghost town of old folks set in their ways and deserted homes and churches. We drove until the road turned to dirt and the trees thinned out, revealing open, overgrown fields of corn—a lone, pyramid shape mountain covered in bright green rising before us, its tip lost in the clouds.
The place had one of those old-timey, elongated gates. It was rusted, and took our combined strength to force it open. We drove down the long stretch of driveway, toward the two-story, white house that had cracks in the paint. The windows were open, and gusts of wind made the curtains wave. A tall, concrete silo for corn storage stood down to its left, by the barn, both also white.
I rolled my window up. The place smelt like a car’s dirty air conditioner.
The fields surrounding the house were trimmed, with certain areas separated by white fences. Farm equipment had been left strewn about: The Baler had grass growing all over it, the combine harvester was on its side with a wheel turning in the breeze, the farm tractor looked like it came out of the 1920’s, the mower was populated by stray cats that stared at us with slit eyes, and two pickup trucks—for reasons I was too afraid to ask—were standing on their hind legs and appeared to be kissing. The sun was between them.
The sky was getting dark; rain clouds rolled forth from that mountain like milk in water and infected the sky with gloom.
Two piles sat before the house to greet us, both taller than us put together: A pile of shoes, and a pile of wooden chairs. We parked by the broken chairs and stepped outside, closing our doors softly. I looked up into an open bedroom window—at the darkness behind it—and felt chills go all around me.
“Let’s make this quick.”
“What did you say?”
I hadn’t even realized I said anything. I walked onto the porch. “Do you know what you want to get?”
“Just some old photos…toys from my past…left over beers.”
We went inside to find empty boxes everywhere, ready to be filled. As we looked for Cakers’ things throughout the house, he explained how this was all thanks to his no-good uncle. “I have to fill these damn boxes with all this crap. Leave it to him to leave ME with the dirty work,” Cakers said, his fingers opening drawers. “Uncle Sonny only cares about making a quick buck, pyramid scams, winning the lottery, whatever. Hell, maybe even robbing a bank. I still don’t know how he managed to get up the energy to carry my grandma’s body out of here—if he even did it at all. Maybe one of those damn cats made the call. All the good in my family is dying out, leaving behind the spoils. What if I’m one of them? What if my bloodline comes down to me and my uncle Sonny?”
“Start a new bloodline. Start a family.”
He whined that it was easier said than done, and went upstairs, leaving me in a sudden blast of wind and bright sunlight. Is one a victim of certain personality traits passed on from generation to generation? Or do we act the way we do due to the direct influence of those around us. Is a person born greedy? Envious? Evil? 
Are we born good?

IT was weeks before Tranzam finally called. She had been hiding out in the hills, somewhere in Kaneohe, surviving off rodents and various plants, housing herself in an old, Hawaiian shack of some kind. 
She had heard of Cakers’ little operations from a passing homosexual, and begged us to come by. She was injured—attacked by some wild, mysterious fiend that hid in the woods.
The sun was rising, and we had just finished removing a tumor from a man’s hip when we got the phone call from her. Cakers was ecstatic, yet he spoke into the phone with his back to me. He kept looking over his shoulder, giggling and embarrassed. We said our goodbyes to the patient, and jumped out from the ambulance and rushed into Cakers’ house to gather more medical supplies.
Cakers stopped dead in his tracks and I ran into him, my hand massaging my sore nose. 
There were people standing in the living room.
Cops.
But not just any.
I recognized one of them instantly as the cannibal cop from Tantalus.
Krill was standing there with a partner—a tall, skinny male with sad eyes. Both had their hands behind their backs, and standing in a way where the light only fell across their faces, making them look like floating heads. Krill spoke first, his voice low and fat.
“Greetings and salutations. Where’s Tranzam?”
Cakers make to speak, but was so scared only a long, creaking sound came from behind that clenched mouth. I stayed a little ways behind him. I had a feeling someone was going to get shot. This felt oh-so fake. Was I in a movie? Had I somehow—suddenly—been jolted into a parallel universe? 
Krill closed his eyes, sniffed the thick air, and grunted—catching a piece of some old meat lodged in his throat and spitting it out. It landed at Cakers’ feet with a clump and we both skipped back.
Krill sucked his teeth.
“We must speak with her. She must be taken into custody.” He had a voice of a tape recorder slowed down. “So where is she? Come on, folks, fast and snappy.”
Cakers took a sudden step forward—his face alive.
“Taking her in? What in Heaven’s name for? Answer me, Krill. What FOR?”
“That’s for me to know and for you to find out, Cakers.” Krill made his eyes wide and deliberately scary. “And if you’re hiding her, I’m going to have to get nasty, and you wouldn’t like me when I’m…nasty.” He tilted his head over to his partner. “Isn’t that right, Xanadu?”
His partner remained sad-looking, saying, “No, sir. No…they wouldn’t. And I should know. I have diseases.” 
His voice reminded me of someone who had cut his finger while trying to open a stubborn can of sardines, and thus the world was ending.
Krill held his hand out to Cakers, where it caught the light, and looked like it was hovering in deep space. It acted out each word he said.
“Cakers…one last time…where is the old bag? Don’t make me beg, baby.” He motioned Xanadu to move forward. Cakers threw his hands up in surrender.
“What’s all the hullabaloo? Let’s just calm down. Please—I know nothing! Call your bull back! Oh God, don’t let him touch me!” Cakers was now hiding behind me, holding me out like a shield, as if I had special powers to protect him. “You promised you’d never have him touch me again!” he panted. “KRILL! YOU CAN’T BREAK A PROMISE!”
Krill melted back into the shadows, and said, “I’m only a product of my culture.”
Xanadu took big, slow, thundering steps and had his arms out like a wrestler. I backed up into Cakers and addressed this advancing bulk.
“Have mercy! We know nothing! Nothing, I say! Nothing! Nada! Zero! Zip! Zilch!”
“I hate to do this, son, but I have a job to do. And what I do, I do for my family. God bless.”
Cakers took my hand and dragged me toward the front door, but Xanadu was quick, snatching my foot and laughing. Krill said something about not being worried—that he had all the faith in the world in Xanadu—and opened the sliding glass door and lit a cigarette. I couldn’t tell in all the commotion, but a black bird of some kind flew in and banged into everything, screeching. It rammed into Xanadu’s face and tore at his meat. Xanadu tried to slap it away, not uttering a peep, trying to keep in character.
More birds came flying in once blood was drawn, eating his head and flying up his shirt. Cakers hauled me outside, and we jumped into the ambulance, driving off and weeping to ourselves. I looked back and saw Xanadu spinning out of the house, swamped in birds and trying desperately to claw a flapping fowl out from his mouth. Krill was shooting down the birds one by one, including the one pecking at his partner’s tonsils. Xanadu fell to his knees and looked down at his bloody hands and yelled at them in horrified vowels. He looked up at Krill, worried…and fainted.
Seeing them clearly in HPD uniform made them even more menacing. I tore myself from the spectacle, and watched the sun rise before us as it painted the sky orange. 
Or is it light crimson? 
I can’t tell, really.
I’m colorblind.

WE started at the bottom of the forest and made our way up a hill to Tranzam’s hideaway, guided by red ribbons tied to tree branches.
The place looked better inside than one was led to believe. There was a television, a rattan chair, a rattan sofa, and a rattan carpet. It reminded me of houses in the Philippines, where the outside looked like a mess, but inside was quite modern and dainty. I took off my shoes before stepping inside.
“At least you have a floor.”
There was a weird odor: Like a blanket of a hundred squashed grapes, draped over a rotting dog.
Cakers motioned Tranzam to sit on a rattan stool. He hadn’t made eye contact with her since walking in. She stared at him the whole time, looking drained and lonely. She gave out a sharp moan as she sat. Her legs were bleeding. Cakers opened his medical bag and got on his knees, finally looking up at her.
“What happened?”
I was hiding up a tree, doing some hunting, ready to jump on a stray cat, when my hand went into a bee’s nest. They got into my hair, and at first I thought I was fine…but then they started to sting me, so I jumped out of the tree for my own safety. I thought the feline had softened the fall, but I had landed on something else.
“What.”
“A loon,” she said, exhaling and crying at the same time. “A loon! I thought I killed her! But no…she sprang to her feet and picked me up by the legs and swung me into a tree like a baseball bat. It was horrific! Leaves were falling everywhere...”
Cakers inspected her legs.
“Jesus. And how does your back feel?”
“It feels so good right now. But my legs. Ugh! My legs, my legs. The loon’s nails dug into my meat so many times.”
I had my hand over my mouth.
“How awful. Damn loons.”
Cakers took out some bandages and did the obvious. “Well, you’re safe now,” he said, lovingly. “If I ever get my hands on that loon…”
Tranzam laughed.
“Good luck. She’s so lost. She’s probably at North Shore by now, or in the middle of the ocean. She couldn’t see a thing—running into trees and whatnot. I would be, too…if I had metal sticks protruding from my eyes.”
I stomped my foot.
“What was that?”
“These things were in her eyes—metal things with tiny handles.”
I looked to Cakers. He was backing away, smiling.
“Now, I know what you must be thinking. Long story short: Yes.”
I walked toward him, my face sizzling.
“You said you would take care of them.”
“And I did!” He raised a finger to make a point. “I don’t know how they ended up in the woods. I was so sure I gated them.”
“What you talkin’ ‘bout, sucka? What you mean ‘gated’? Where did you put them?”
“At the abandoned farm!”
“Eh?! And you just LEFT them, you swine!”
“I was going to tell you.”
“When? After you’ve been drinking? So it can just flop out?”
“YES.”
“Now we have loons strutting about, aimlessly. Maybe crying?” I looked up and raised my palms to high heaven. “It breaks my hah’t! My hah’t!”
My spider senses were tingling. I could tell that Tranzam was at a lost—her gaze moving from me to Cakers as if watching a peculiar tennis match.
Cakers punched the air.
“I had to do it, man,” he said, chest out. “Sometimes, when operations went wrong, I would be caught between a rock and a hard place.” Cakers was driving his first finger into the palm of his other hand with each point he made. “Sometimes it would be broad daylight, sometimes it would be raining too hard, sometimes there would be too many people around, etc. The only good hiding/storage place that you can count on, that’s free, is…well…an old, derelict farm.”
I made to say something, but he was quick.
“Unless you want them to stay in my ambulance and shit all over the place and possibly cause me bodily harm. I had to drop them off somewhere!”
I shook my head.
“I am at a loss for words.”
He was pacing.
“Now it ain’t bad, really it ain’t. I made the right choice, now that I think about it.”
“Right choice? How in hell—”
“Sorry to tell you this, boy…but do you know what happens anyway, to them, at the hospitals? You have no idea how it works, eh?”
“Sure I do. They take care of people.”
“If your idea of take care is Let’s get these swine out of our hair, then yes, I suppose you’re right. I have been working at various hospitals for so long. I’ve seen so many people thrown out toot-sweet. These so-called doctors will look for any reason to get patients out of their hair. The only thing they care about is their fat wallets and fat houses.”
I stared out the window—at the rain building up, making the plants dance about.
I was once on the bus, at a stop light, looking out the window at a passing hospital, when I caught a glimpse of a nurse, throwing out an old woman who was gripping a walker. The nurse was wringing her yellow stained shirt, screaming something about not liking to have been pissed on. The old person didn’t yell back. She turned around and dropped trou and saluted the traffic and urinated the rest of her contents while standing up. She looked sad. The nurse cried and stomped her feet like a dang child. A white doctor appeared and comforted this nurse. He gave the old woman the finger and kicked her in the buttocks, sending her skinny body sailing into a fluffy bush, where she vanished. My bus then took off. Last thing I saw was the nurse and doctor, looking around suspiciously and kissing.
How many dreadful incidents like this had Cakers seen? Probably too many. What does that do to one’s mind? Maybe Cakers was right. Maybe these patients…maybe they were safer at the farm. But must it be so inhospitable? These are, after all, living things. 
We could rebuild. 
We could make a home for them. (The theme from The Six Million Dollar Man played in my mind. Or was it the intro music for The Million Dollar Man, Ted DiBiase?)
I could clean…make breakfast…plant vegetables.
Make a good, old-fashioned home. 
A real home of my own.
I turned around—to make my peace—and saw Cakers and Tranzam in the next room, on a rattan bed, a huggin’ and a kissin’. They didn’t even bother to close the rattan door.

HE said that he couldn’t get a hard-on, and that it was all her doing. She ran out of the room, covered in blood. What had happened? I stood from the TV with my glass of milk. She was mumbling how she’ll shower later…how blood crusts over in the sun.
Before this weirdness, there was only the sound of birds and the evening, local news.
The police still claimed that they were confident in finding the cow murderer—now labeled ‘The Cow Moorderer’. The news station had a Hindu guest who was trying to make the interviewer understand how horrifying the cow murders were—how sacred and holy cows were—but it was clear the news lady had other things on her mind: Chatting on her cell phone with her dermatologist while painting on lipstick and nodding to the Hindu-woman over and over again. It was nearing the end of the segment when she started talking about…
“…spirituality. It’s important. It’s what drives—”
“Very interesting,” said the news lady, closing her makeup purse. “Yes! The current baboon-ulcer epidemic is overwhelming and must be remedied! I keep telling my diabetic husband this, but he just calls me superstitious. That brute.”
“You haven’t heard anything I said, have you.”
“YOU SHUT YOUR FACE! I’M THE ONE WITH THE DEGREE! I WENT TO COLLEGE. I WENT TO HEALD!” Then, “Up next: A horse that eats gluuuuuuuuue????”
Then I heard yelling and saw blood all over Tranzam’s thighs and between her toes. Cakers was in the nude, penis gone in his massive bush. He looked like a woman. An ugly woman that was made all wrong.
“I’m sorry, doll,” he said, and ran his sweaty (with whatever else) hands over his face, pulling down his features like water on a painting. “I’ve just got a ton on my mind, is all. It’s not your fault. Damn that cop—he won’t get out of my brain! I hate him so much right now.”
Tranzam spun around, breasts juggling.
I sipped my milk.
She put one hand on her hip.
“Copper? Did the fuzz speak with you?”
“He scared me,” Cakers said. “He tried to hurt information out of me, but I said nothing.”
“Oh Jesus, no. What did he want?”
“Said that he wanted to take you in for questioning…said…he…he…he…”
Something on the news had stolen his attention. We looked to see Krill, being interviewed on the steps of the police department, on Beretania Street.
“Oh, I’ll find the culprit, all right,” he said, grinning. “I’ll teach them a lesson in manners.” He held up a sandwich. “Much like what I’m gonna do to this sandwich. In the end, I always get my criminal. And eat them.” He took a bite and said with a mouth full, “I already have a very—VERY—good idea who it just…might…BE. Hahahahahahaha!”
The camera quickly zoomed out to reveal Xanadu next to him, arms crossed. His entire face was covered with a white bandage. He wasn’t laughing.
Tranzam backed away.
“Oh, nooooo…”
Cakers pointed at the TV.
“What does he want with you?”
Tranzam took hold of her hair and shook her head.
“No, no, please—NO!”
“Answer me! Damn! I’m so in love with you! I care! What kind of trouble are you in? You will stand there and you will answer ME!”
He punched a wall and pulled out a pipe. “If you don’t talk—and be honest with me just this ONCE—I will hit myself over the head with this pipe. See what you make me do for love?”
A red liquid shot forth from the hole, hitting his back. Cakers caught his breath and whispered, “It’s cold.” Tranzam had one hand over her mouth, eyes darting here and there—plotting. She reached out to him, but it was too late. He tore at the wall, making hideous grunting sounds and drooling.
He jumped back, screaming, buttocks flapping as something huge fell from the wall.
It was a dead cow. 
So many knives where sticking out from the corpse—each one kicking up sunlight and blinding us. In my mind, each flash came with a Ka’shing! sound.
Cakers held out his hands to her, his face sad, his knees together and bent.
“You? But I don’t understand. Why you? Why? WHY?”
Tranzam was crying.
“Hug me, Cakers, please. I’m so scared. I’ll tell you everything!”
He ran to another wall and kneed it in.
A cow fell out—its back missing.
He stomped and broke the floor and yanked out the boards, finding a cow with half its head sliced off, horizontally. Rats were living in its brain, too surprised to move. Maybe if we stand perfectly still, he’ll go away.
He grabbed a broom and struck the ceiling, leaping back as a cow fell out halfway, dangling with its arms swinging, intestines falling from the mouth. It looked like it was smiling.
Tranzam ran out of the house—yes, still in the nude—hands covering her weeping, strangled visage. Cakers gave chase. He tackled her and the two of them wrestled in the mud.
But wait.
They were kissing?
He was kissing her. Kissing her with wet, sloppy sounds. She looked confused at first, but then eased into it, and said, “Yes? YES!”
They stood up in an embrace.
She bit into his shoulder, her eyes full of water.
“I don’t know why I do it! Believe me! It’s a mystery! I don’t know why I hate them so much! I need help! PLEASE, HELP ME, LOVER!” 
Cakers carried her in his arms and walked back inside and took her into the bedroom…this time, closing the door.
I took a sip of milk, and sat down.

I WOKE up—eyes sore—to blaring static on the TV. It was 3 in the morning, and I had forgotten to go to work. I was going to get written up. I had to be more careful. An image of me jumped into my mind—of me on the streets, shitting in trashcans and begging for money to buy food. But I wasn’t going to buy food. I was going to get drunk.
I had to be careful. 2 ½-something years of a steady paycheck…I really could not afford to fuck this one up.
Tranzam made us an early breakfast of bacon and eggs and Jasmine rice. I wondered when we were going to get rid of the rotting cow cadavers—IF we even would—but the subject never came up. Cakers and Tranzam were still naked, but at least they had taken an hour-long shower together. I made to also take a shower right after them, but the tub quickly filled up. I leaned over to find that the drain was clogged with things. I was too afraid to check 100% to unclog it, and just washed my important lands and blow dried my hair.
We ate as she told her story.
“Enjoying the meal? Wonderful. I’m glad. No, don’t mind me. I’ll eat later. Right now I want to tell you what happened to me, not too long ago.” She drank from a glass of milk. “Mmm, I love milk, don’t you? This stuff is real, unlike that store-bought crap. Anyway, back to my story. I was having one of those sleepless nights in bed, staring up at the ceiling, at the shadow of a tree, dancing about. Cakers was out working. Thinking that a little jog might help to tire me out, I put on my sweatpants and sweater and headband and went out into the cold. I jogged for miles and miles, not at all afraid of getting lost or being mugged, and stopped to get a sip of water from my bottle, when I suddenly got the bright idea to hop a fence and spy into someone’s living room. Didn’t matter which. Thinking about it now, I don’t know what could ever possess me to do such a queer thing.” She stared at the table, silent for many seconds. “Anyways, so I hops a fence—or more like climbs a gate—and tiptoed behind some bushes. I think I…oh yes, I remember now…I had indeed heard a Moo. 
“There, in the living room, was an American family to base all others on—one of those good ol’ ones from the 1950’s: A smiling dada in a business suit, a smiling mama in an apron, a smiling boyo with neatly trimmed hair, and a girly-girl in pigtails. They were all smiling and clapping their hands, and standing around a confused-looking black & white cow with a golden bell around its neck. They were so happy about something, but I couldn’t hear what they were yapping about over the loud song they were clapping to, which was You Can Call me Al by Paul Simon. The dada motioned over to his family and took hold one of the cow’s udder. One by one the family came—all smiles and whatnot—all came down and wrapped their lips on that udder and drank as daddy-boy squeezed. I swear, none of them blinked or broke their smiles.”
Although Cakers was eating more than ever, I had lost my appetite.
“They put their mouths on that damn cow’s udder?”
“The cow’s udder what?” Tranzam laughed. “See what I did? Oh never mind. You younglings wouldn’t know good humor if it bit you in the arse.” She downed the rest of her milk. “I reached back and pulled out a knife from somewhere on my person. It was as if my hand was being moved by some invisible thing. A hunger grew in me—a kind of strong hate. When that cow looked at me, that was it. The plan was set: I’d wait until all were asleep, then sneak in and gut that bitch. But just as the pater familias went down to get a taste, there was a burst of police lights and the front door was kicked in. I hit the dirt and stayed there for a bit (the front yard was crawling with police cars and those robotic, radio conversations), then peeked into the window. The family was held up against a wall, limbs spread, being frisked by HPD. 
“The family was crying, but smart enough to do it softly, as not to irritate the fuzz too much. A man in an orange, protective hazmat suit, wearing smarty-smart glasses, was inspecting the cow with a long, metal stick that had a pulsing ball of light on its tip. And guess what? Krill was there. Yup. There with his boyfriend, Xanadu, who had his arms crossed. The two of them just waltzed in, all high and mighty like. The mum and her kids were handcuffed. I couldn’t hear what was being said, but Krill addressed something to his fellow cronies and then snapped his fingers. The fuzz took hold of the mum and the two kids and left—all just hopped in their buggies and skedaddled…sirens and lights going bonkers.
“Now it was just Krill, Xanadu, the husband, and that cow. I watched as Krill went to that beast, milked some goods into a cup, and dipped his pinky in it before putting it into his mouth. He rolled his eyes back white, and smiled at Xanadu. 
“‘It’s pure, it’s pure,’ Krill was saying. He stomped his foot and pointed to the husband. Xanadu rushed the man and kicked him in the belly. He fell to his knees, vomiting up a rainbow. He whipped his head up and spat at Krill—who opened his mouth and caught it, swallowing the glob.
“Xanadu picked the man up by his lovely locks, forcing him on his tippy toes. Krill waltzed—yes, waltzed—over to the man and gave his stomach such a trouncing. It went on and on, like a boxer working a punching bag. The man couldn’t breathe—his eyes watered over, that swollen tongue—maybe he bit it?—bloody and draped over his lower lip. Krill put his sweaty hands around that man’s neck and squeezed and squeezed. Krill’s face was all twisted—his mouth a snarl. He let go for some reason and the husband let out a woman’s blood-curdling shriek. Xanadu ripped off the man’s shirt. Krill threw one hand up, making an eagle’s claw, and dug into this man’s belly. He made painful twisting motions…and then his hand was gone inside him.
“Krill licked his drooling lips and pulled his hand out, revealing a fistful of grayish-purple intestine. He filled his mouth with his meal in a crazy, desperate way. The man did not scream. He looked down on himself, in awe, then to  Xanadu. Krill offered some food to his partner, but he shook his head. Krill shrugged and offered some to the husband, who let out another scream. Krill shoved the guts into his mouth to silence him. I could see that that cow was quietly backing away, eyes wide with surprise, like it was thinking, Okayyyyyy. Just keep silent…and slowly exit the room.
“Krill spun around and shouted, pointing a bloody finger at the cow.
“‘THE COW’S BUSTING OUT!’ he shrieked. ‘SACK IT!’ The cow jumped in the air a little and bleeped, and hightailed it out of there. They made to give chase, but slipped and fell all over the gore. The cow stumbled out of the house—and I made a grave mistake by jumping on it, stabbing it with my weapon. It angered the beast and I was flung onto the ground. Next thing I know, the cow donkey-kicks me in the belly, and I’m sent soaring into the house. Cursing the beast, I looked up and froze. Krill and his goon stared down on me.
“Suddenly, I wasn’t aware of the terrible pain in my belly…and I waved at them.
“‘Hi-ya, fellas. What’s the ruckus?’
“Krill grinned and snapped his fingers. Xanadu’s face exploded with a violent scream. My hair was blown back. He reversed and then football-kicked me in the chest. I was airborne for a second before crashing through a wall and ending up in a bush. I rubbed my chest furiously, sucking air through my teeth, trying to rubout the burning pain. My first instinct was to run like the wind, so I jumped to my feet like there was no tomorrow. A mighty grip crushed my shoulder muscles, and I was lifted over Xanadu’s head and thrown. I was flying again for many seconds and ended up high in a tree, my legs dangling over a tree branch. There were crows—or black birds of some kind—sitting around me. Why they weren’t startled by my sudden entrance and scram lickiddy split is beyond me. But what happened next shook me to the core.
“Xanadu began shaking the tree, yelling at me in German to come down (I think). I held on for dear life, emitting mousy sounds, eyes shut tight. Those birds began to babble, and indeed they sounded like Goddamn crows. These things flapped their wings in irritation and flew down and attacked Xanadu. He was running all over the cockadoodie place and ended up rolling to-and-fro on the prickly grass. He sounded like a freaked out little girl.
“‘Ich bin traurig, ich traurig bin, dass ich traurig bin!’
“I climbed down the tree and ran into Krill, who held me and started screaming at Xanadu: 
“‘Emergency! Emergency! Emergency!’
“I leaned over and bit into his arm and then into his OTHER arm and then I turned around and ripped open his police shirt and bit off a chunk of his chest-meat, spitting it into his crying mouth. He let go, sucking on his arms. I ran and ran and ran down that street, crying all over myself, plucking out the hairs between my teeth. I was so merry then, I remember distinctly throwing my arms out at one point. I was free. To hell with the pain in my thighs! To hell with the pain in my belly! To hell with that damn cow! I was freeeeee! Free, damn you! FREE!”
It was at this point that Tranzam just stared at us, unblinking. She was saying the word “Free” over and over, each time softer and softer, until it was barely a whisper. Cakers finished eating—his mouth yellow with egg yoke.
“Fascinating story. Purely fascinating. Grade ‘A’ stuff, honey rocket.”
“I thank ye.”
Cakers put away his dish, washing it.
“I’m so glad you got away. She’s a fighter, she is! Full of moxie!”
I put my hand over my mouth.
“Right! Krill was eating him! Gadzooks! Eating him!”
Cakers was using such hot water; steam was rising from the sink. No one seemed to care but me. Cakers nodded.
“The shit has finally hit. Krill deserves to be Beaten & Eaten. He is a pile, indeed.”
Tranzam went to the freezer.
“Thank Zeus for those birds. Mango ice cream, anyone?”
Cakers’ phone vibrated.
“Hello? Yes. Who is this?” Then, “Yes, I can remember the address. No, it’s not a problem. I want to do this. Oh, really? Yes, I know her. We’ll be there toot sweet. Goodbye to you.”
Cakers dried his hands and took my empty dish.
“A mother needs our help. Her son has been seriously injured, and she claims to be a friend of Queen. The pay is high. I can finally purchase that giant cat.”
The dead corpses nearby got our attention: A wave of stink filled our nostrils, and we worked together in dumping the bodies into the woods. We convinced ourselves that dead cow was good fertilizer.
We went back inside and I made a giant egg omelet for everyone. It took 10 eggs. The last egg had a little dead bird inside…its mouth and eyes half open.
The universe is answering.
Signs are everywhere.

I FELL asleep in the back of the ambulance. I hadn’t cared to ask where this operation would take place. As long as it was done quickly, I’d help. I didn’t know how much more I could handle—seeing people cut open and bandaged and a variety of wounds and whatnot. I had never seen a burn victim before. 
Were they made ebony? Were they in constant pain? Could they touch anything? And the eyes…did they have lids? Were the eyes also burnt? How awful. The very thought sent waves of bumpy things all over me.
We were at some beach in the far reaches of Makaha. Cakers complained about the salty air rusting his baby. He said that this woman’s son loved the beach, and she thought it might soothe him during the procedure. I got out and took off my shoes, feeling the cool sand between my toes. The moon reflected on the glittering ocean. What if a GIANT shark suddenly appeared, like on the cover of Jaws? But only now it would be the size of a mountain? 
My bowels would give out, right then and there. I wouldn’t be ashamed. I wouldn’t be judged. It would be totally understandable. And who knows? Maybe a megalodon still exists. Prehistoric fish pop up every now and then, like in the case of the Coelacanth—the first fish to walk on land and start the evolution of amphibians. And we’ve only explored 95% of the ocean, so who knows what beasts are down there, waiting to be seen. Colossal fiends that would eat us on sight. 
Modern day monsters I hope to live long enough to see.
A yellow, Hummer limousine pulled up next to us, and for some reason a sort of extreme hatred overtook me. My reaction surprised and scared me. Cakers greeted the woman—who had gold rings on each finger and toe—as she helped her boy out. He was all bandaged up, like a mummy, and used crutches painted gold. He wore shades.
I stood at the ambulance, as if saying, Hello, I’m here to help. In fact, mate, let me help you inside. Actually, I was scared as piss of the boy. I didn’t want to touch him. What if he yelled out in loud grief? It would horrify me to no end. Tranzam was inside, ready to help the boy in. Something was odd about her. She looked like someone in desperate need of a toilet. 
Cakers and the mother held his mitts and oh-so-very-slowly guided him into the ambulance. I held my arms out, ready to catch him, moving around and around them like I was doing a kind of supernatural dance. “Uppsy daisy,” I kept saying. “Uppsy daisy.” I tried to smile, but it came out so forced. What did it matter anyway, huh? The rich bastard had shades on. At night. And I was taught that only assholes did that.
They sat him down on a cold, metal stool, and I shut the doors.
“Let’s see what we can see,” Cakers said. He took hold of the boy’s arm and began unwinding the bandages. The mother was pregnant, smoking a cigarette. She spoke with a deep, local accent—which was interesting to me, because she looked like she was from some town in Kansas.
“Ho, tanks, bra…fo yo help.”
Cakers caught a snag.
“Tranzam, scissors, please.”
She didn’t respond.
In fact, she wasn’t even in the ambulance. Staying professional, Cakers nodded to me and I found him a pair of wet scissors, which he used to cut a length of bandage. The arm underneath was like raw meat, and although the boy’s mouth was covered, I could hear his pathetic grunts.
The mother stepped on her half-smoked cig, and lit another.
“I no can believe the year I get so fa. Ho, first I get good-kind luck, then, no mo…then my husband get busted by the cops and go missing. Fuck, I so salty right now. Fuckin’ police, bra…I like put’em on the horses. You like know what went happen? Me and my son got arrested. Was weird, ‘cause I neva even went hear’em. They just came out of nowhea. I guess was our fault, though. Nah, on second thought, no, was my damn husband’s fault—him and his dealings. But any ways, we get arrested—me and my son ova hea—and pushed into the police ca, and already I stay thinkin’ of ways I can sue. But nah, I no can tink of anything. Then my son ova hea—I don’t know—he start sayin how he can feel dis power all over him, dis God power, and he just ‘Whoosh!’ rips his freakin’ handcuffs apart. Eh, you eva went hea of that one story? About that fat, old woman who went lift up dat truck to free dat little boy? Well, dis was like dat. And befo I fo’get…mine, too. He went break my cuffs, too. So strong, my boy. He went kick da driver’s back and next ting I know, we stay tumbling and tumbling, then we went crash into one fuckin’ playground. Ho, get dis: Our driver went fly out da window and he went end up on one swing. He was knocked out and everything. He went look so funny. Faggit.”
She went put…
Sorry.
She put her cigarette in her mouth and held her son’s hands.
“Tank Jesus, eh boy? Tank Jesus, ova thea! Him and his ways.”
He whined through his bandaged mouth.
“It hewts! It hewts!”
The mother let go, crying.
“Ho, sorry. Sorry, I said! I no know what I doing, ova hea!” Then to Cakers, “Please help, kay? Please!”
He remained focused.
“How very,” he said. “I’m doing everything I can. Don’t worry your pretty little head off. Everything’s going to be honky dory.”
The boy was naked now—a raw color. His head was still bandaged, shades still on. He was shaking, and Cakers injected something into the boy’s thigh to soothe him. His mother shook her head.
“As we was walking away, the ca went blow up. I no know why, but even though I was fine, my son ova hea was on fy’ya. He went catch on fy’ya so fast…ho, was weird. But my son, he smart, ‘cause he went start rolling on da ground. At first, I thought, shit, I should take him hospital…but then, nah, I no like him go jail. He too pretty. I mean…was.” She was thinking of something, but then said, “Ho nah! Dis so fucked up ova hea!”
I had to speak with Tranzam, and asked Cakers if I could take a smoke break. He nodded, not looking at me as he sterilized his instruments. 
Tranzam was pacing on the beach.
I closed the doors and ran to her, lighting up a cigarette.
“It’s them! Right? I know it is!”
She whipped her face at me. She was sweating, the eyes huge.
“I’m not going back in there. Don’t make me do it! I at least help that tit into the ambulance, didn’t I? I did good, I know it!”
“What are you blathering on about? Let’s get back in there and help your man. He needs our hands.”
“NO! What if they remember me?”
“The mum and the boy? You said they didn’t see you peeping?”
Tranzam looked out over the beach. Someone was doing a little midnight surfing. He caught a huge wave, and it swallowed him. Seconds later, he appeared and swam back out…only to be eaten again. He was carrying a fishing pole and wore goggles. A large fish of some kind splashed into the air, against the moon. The surfer cheered and reeled the beast in as he surfed on a mighty wave.
Tranzam nodded her head in approval.
“As I was running home that night,” she began, eyes on the ocean, “…there was a crash. A police car had flipped somehow into a playground, on church grounds. The whole place was on fire. That cop that she mentioned in her story…that must’ve been him, swinging on that damn swing, all lit up, whooshing back and forth. The flames were so loud, I had to cover my ears as I walked toward to see if anyone was alive.
“There were screams behind me. I turned around to see, under a tree, someone rolling around on the ground with some crazy woman trying to catch him. It seemed to me that he was trying to get away from her via rolling. Maybe he couldn’t stand up. Maybe his legs were broken. The woman jumped on him and held him in her arms—kissing him as he screamed for her to stop. 
“‘My skin is gone! My skin is gone! You’re killing me!’ is what he kept shrieking. But she just kept at it…kissing and kissing him as her hand went under to pleasure his life-giving bits.
“Then the boy started laughing. He was still begging—or at least saying the words—for her to stop…but it dawned on me that he actually liked it. He was a charred mess, and began taking her clothes off, mouth on her mouth. How was he still moving? Maybe his nerves were gone at this point. They both stood up and embraced and kissed some more…then ran off in the nude, fat jiggling.
“I followed them down the street a little. They were leaning against an ice cream truck. She was cradling him, weeping. The boy passed out, and was pissing and shitting himself, but she still held on to him.
Tranzam shivered, and flicked her cigarette onto the sand, covering it with her foot. I was holding myself, chilly.
“So it was them. I wouldn’t want to be in there, too.”
Tranzam turned to me as a car drove by, illuminating her face.
“What I saw was evil,” she said. “It made me sick, it made me want to fall on my knees…it made me want to pray.” She began walking toward the ambulance, and then stopped. “It that how people see me? I can’t be blamed for what I do. I’m being controlled, I tell you! Controlled! No one is born sour!”
“No one said—”
“I can’t go back in there. I need a walk. Need to think things over.” She walked away. “Tell Cakers I’m sorry.”
She walked off, and vanished into the night.
Leaning against the ambulance, I dumped the sand from my shoes and went inside. The boy was still naked. His mother was weeping in Cakers’ embrace. She was smoking.
“Ho brah, I no know what fo do.”
“Shh,” Cakers soothed. “Everything will be okay.” He looked to me. “Where’s Tranzam?”
“She had to take a walk. She’ll be okay. What’s going on here?”
“The boy, who is now sitting straight-back on that stool, attacked us.”
“What! When?”
“A few minutes ago. It was a damn shame.”
“Is the mother hurt?”
“Only her insides.”
The mother whined as she gave me a sad look, and said, “My boy, ova thea! The fy’ya went burn is brain. Now he all stupid. Oh, boy!” She smoked her cigarette, blowing out a perfect O. “My boy no know me any mo! Wahhhhh!”
Cakers hugged her.
“Calmness falls over you. The drug will take you soon. Do you feel it?”
“Ho. I feel’em.”
“Good. Shh. Relax.”
“Ho…I feel’em…I feel’em…”
She went to sleep.
Cakers rocked her back and forth, whispering to me.
“That bastard of a son jumped his seat and tried to bite me. The fool.”
I sat on the floor, legs crossed.
“You don’t say.”
“Damn straight. After knocking me on my butt, he made for the little lady, here—trying to kiss her and such—grabbing at her life-giving bits. It was weird. Praise Jesus, I had my mini tranquilizer gun on the ready.”
“Are you still getting paid?”
“Oh, you better believe it, mister. And guess what? We’ll be getting more than we thought!”
“How so?”
“Little lady has another request: Immobilize her son.”
“You mean lobotomize? I don’t know if I can do it anymore. It does more harm than good.”
“It’s true what you say. BUT…we’ll get paid more.”
“Money doesn’t bring happiness.”
“True. Money is not the most important thing. Love is. And lucky for me, I love money.”
“How much money do you need?”
He stopped rocking the mother.
“Excuse me?”
“My rent isn’t even that much. How much do you need? Is it even worth it? Taking this boy’s soul away?”
“Who’s talking about souls? We’re just tampering with his brain.”
“It’s the same thing!”
I looked at the boy. He was still sitting straight up, hands placed neatly on his naked, skinless lap. Cakers smiled.
“There’s a chance that he may get better. A chance.”
“And if he doesn’t? And if he turns into another zombie?”
“We’ll take them to the nearest hospital. There, happy now?”
“No.”
“No??”
“We have to take care of them.”
“F’ that.”
“I don’t care about the dangers, sucka. They’re our responsibility!” I said. “We can use the farm as a kind of safe haven. Clean it up a bit…make it a home again,” I said, standing up. “I’ll be your hands right now—I’ll help you do this operation—if you can man-up to my words.”
Cakers opened a tiny bottle of smelling salt and held it under the woman’s nose. She woke up with her head jumping.
“Exercise! Exercise! HUH? MY BOY! YIKES!”
Cakers put a cigarette in her hand, lighting it. She took a drag and was calmed, instantly.
“So what, then? You went tink ova my offa?”
Cakers put on translucent, plastic gloves and stood up.
“Yes. We’ll do it,” he said, smiling at me.
We put the boy on the gurney. The tranquilizer Cakers injected into him was still working. I put on my gardening gloves, as a precaution. Cakers took out his silver box and opened it, revealing his ice picks. The mother gasped.
“Gadzooks, man!”
Cakers took out his long, shiny instruments.
“Look away, honey lamb,” he told her, holding the ice picks in front of his face. He was shaking his head. “Everything will be okay.”
The mother was crying, sniffing continuously.
“I no can bear dis kine stuffs! I need fo go outside! I need air!” she bawled, lighting a cigar this time.
She ran out and slammed the doors behind her.
“Thank the Lord,” I said, and hit the boy over the head with a frying pan. He fell forward, then backward. His legs sprung straight up, and it took some strength on my behalf to bring them down. I wiped my brow. “Maybe now we can finally get some work done.”
Cakers pressed play on a stereo that was by his feet. Classical music filled the ambulance. He took off the boy’s shades. Normally, at this point, Cakers would lift the patient’s right eyelid…but the boy had no eyelids…just eyes that bulged from their sockets—eyes where the whites had turned a shivering red with tiny, black pupils.
Cakers saw the weirdness all over my face.
“It can’t be helped,” he shrugged, and placed the pick above the tear duct. He hit it with a rubber mallet and there was a sickening crunch. He jiggled the pick around…squinted…and pulled the instrument out. There was no blood.
Cakers wiped the other ice pick clean, and repeated the procedure on the boy’s left eye. 
I was immediately reminded of the singer.
Then I wondered of the boy’s mother. Was she coming back? She better, by god. I’m in no mood to take care of a child. Especially one that was old enough to become aware of his own independence. Would he follow my demands? Wash the dishes when I ordered? Tend to the cats? Massage my thighs? Listen to my woes? Pay (gasp) rent?
I was holding a flashlight above the boy’s face the whole time.
“He seems calm,” I said. “Too calm.”
“You worry too much,” Cakers said, drinking a beer.
I turned off the flashlight and bit my nails.
“I’m a product of my culture.”
I put the shades back over the boy’s eyes. He began to stir—his arms raised in front of him as he sat up, mouth drooling and emitting an ill stink. 
Cakers dropped his drink.
“Shit…”
He jumped back, his chair crashing.
“SHIIIIIIIT!”
The boy jumped and I covered my face—the both of us shrieking in a queer way. He jumped so high! But not at me—but at Cakers! 
“Brains!” he was pleading. “BRAINS!”
In defiance, I screeched like a cat. The fiend knocked me down into the stereo, and the volume was accidentally turned high. Two female opera singers were dueling, violins racing at a fever pitch.
Cakers gave out a sound that can only be best described as a kind of rising, wiggling squeal…like a feline slowly being stepped on.
I looked behind me and saw them wrestling on the ground, bumping and grinding like mad pistons. Cakers had his eyes all over me, begging. His teeth bit down on the boy’s face, but it did no obvious good.
I got to my feet and stretched the pain in my muscles away as fast as I could, and threw myself all over the boy, also biting him—gnawing on his nude, skinless back…and it felt as if I was trying to chomp through a balloon. There was a disturbing POP! under my teeth, and a queer liquid filled my mouth. It was an amazing taste of such awfulness. It was so putrid, and yet it didn’t deter me in the slightest. I was a hero now. 
I feel I must add, however, that his spine jutted out and gave my boney chest a major irritation.
The boy started to convulse. 
Was it a trick? Was he trying to vibrate us off his burnt bulk? Because it was working. 
Cakers was strangling him now, tears in his eyes.
“I’m sorry, boy,” he kept saying to him. “I am sorry, boy. Forgive this supreme choke-hold!” His face suddenly went a sour one, and I could only assume that he was now squeezing tightly. He released a suppressed growl that transformed into a strong yell.
“Eeeeerrrrrrrraaaahhhhhhhh!” he went, hands shaking with power. “EEERRRAAAGGGHHHHT!”
Such a horrid, familiar odor shot forth from this boy’s bowels that I fell back on my heels, panting. But what was I seeing now? Yes, as rare as it was, this time I was right. He was releasing himself all over the place. How unprofessional! I was aghast! 
And what was this abrupt curiosity? Upon closer inspection, I noticed a rather scandalous feature….
I was reminded of a story a female friend once related to me, of her female friend one day feeling around down her general area, and touching—to her horror—a lump of intestine that had somehow made escape.
Cakers placed his feet under this so-called “boy” and propelled him into the air. The boy crashed into the ceiling and kept going. I stood up, pointing.
“Look! He went through the ceiling!”
In an instant, we were outside—the chilly air nipping at the rear of our necks. The boy had already landed—running around on the cool sands and dragging a length of wet intestine between his quick—yet wobbly—legs.
Cakers placed his hands on my shoulders and squeezed. He inhaled, sharply.
“Sack him!” he begged, darting off ahead of me. “Fast!”
I nodded without even knowing it, and took over the beach in great strides. Few things are more frustrating than navigating your feet over thick sands. I fell many times, picking myself up and cursing in mangled consonants.
Jerking cries ahead of me then, impelling me onward. I was swimming in sand at one point and spitting out grains. I stood up and looked all around me—spinning around and around in 3 full revolutions. Due to my nearsightedness, I had to squint to see where everyone was.
Worthless.
“Damn you, Myopia!” I bleeped at the clouds. “Damn you to hellllllll!”
And then, a trick I remembered slapped my brain, and I swung my trembling hands up to my right eye, making an itsy bitsy diamond with my thumbs and first fingers. It worked! I could see! So I looked here and there through this tiny frame—finally spotting Cakers doing crazy battle with the boy in the ocean.
My heart sank.
Was I expected to rush in and get wet all over?
What of the giant shark that surely awaited me? It was looking at me with its psychic third eye, I knew…waiting and hungry…rubbing its fins together and saying, “Yes, yessss! That’s it, my dumpling. Come on in, you fool. You dumb, blind fool! Hawahawhawhawa! I’m laughing!”
Cakers yelled for me to help—his words half drowned. The boy had him in a headlock, dipping Cakers into the water with mechanical movements. The boy/zombie/person/thing paid no heed to what he was even doing. His visage was curiously retarded: Looking up at the stars with indolent eyes, the mouth kept wide open, that tongue flapping like a black ribbon tied to a fan.
He was blathering nonstop.
“Brains! Brains!” he went. “Brainssssssssss!”
What did it all mean? 
At last I saw Cakers go down for a long time, his arm sticking up and flailing about and calling me. The Hawaii state fish—the Humuhumunukunukuapua'a, which means, sadly, “fish with a pig's nose”—were jumping all around them, clearly disturbed. I took off my shoes and socks—the idea of wet socks sickens me—and ran toward the water, issuing a somewhat whiny battle cry. I jumped in, the jolt of cold stunning me—shooting random images into my mind of Asian females, jumbo jets, dirty carpets, a guitar, beer bottles, days paying darts, giant water-beasts, open mouths, porcupines, shopping for vinegar, Blanka, car crashes, bus crashes, the internet, lightning, and rice.
I swam the only way I knew how: Like a dog. Swam like Cakers’ life depended on it: Because it did.
Drawing near to them, I dipped under the water like a Goddamn torpedo and somehow, as if God herself was maneuvering me, I shot into the air with my arms glued to my sides, shrieking above the scene. Everything was in slow motion it felt to me then—a wide view of me in the air with those glittering drops of water all over us…my shrill turned into a low groan.
Then: Pain in my toes, and everything was quick again.
The boy had his teeth in me!
I landed on his head, drowning him in salt water. Cakers threw his hands up—“Free! Free!” he was laughing—and grabbed me by the hair, swimming me to the safety of the beach, crawling on sharp rocks and crushing tiny crabs.
We looked back as an unfamiliar scream shook us to the marrow.
The fisherman/surfer I had seen earlier was on his board, whacking the boy-thing with his fishing pole. He was screaming at us for help, but before we could even think of setting foot into those icy waters again, he was gone: Dragged into the sea, leaving behind a fury of bubbles…bubbles that then calmed.
Then there was nothing but the song of waves—shooshing over and over onto the beach…at our terrified feet.
We were breathing heavily and coughing.
“Gadzooks, man!” I said. “Gadzooks…”
Cakers looked around, frantically.
“The motha!” he was saying. “What are we going to tell the motha?”
“He ran off. He just ran off like fart in the wind. That’s what we’ll tell her. There’s no choice.”
“But my money…”
“Sucks to your money!”
He grabbed me by the hair, again.
“Don’t you say it! DON’T!”
I whipped my head and he released his grip. The man was seething.
“You don’t know what it’s like!” he said, shooting drool. “I’m so poor! This isn’t fair. I’m not living. I’m surviving! And it isn’t fair! I was born to live! Life is supposed to be fun!”
At this point, there were white globs of saliva spotting my face, thanks to him. I made no effort in wiping, in the hopes of scaring him with my seriousness.
“You’re right,” I said. “Life is supposed to be…fun.”
He seemed genuinely surprised by my tenderness. And indeed, I was being as tender as I could, in spite of the fact I had his spit in my mouth.
“Life is what you make of it—it’s how you see it,” I said. “Everything you have now—all around you—your clothes, your house, your money, your friends—all these things are fitting of you. Look at one of your friends, at all they have. Wouldn’t you agree, that Yes, that person there, he or she deserves what they possess. It is fitting in relation to their beliefs.” 
Cakers was standing up, looking around still. Was he even listening to me? This was important. The MOST important thing in the F’ing world. Was he even listening?
No matter, I thought, standing as well. 
“But it can all change,” I went on. “You can change your very possessions—your surroundings—by altering your beliefs. You can change your surroundings by literally changing your beliefs. Your beliefs in what you think you deserve.”
He was half listening, looking around with a scared look on his face, and saying, “Yeah, I hear you,” over and over with slight alterations.
“Nothing changes, if nothing changes,” I said.
Cakers spotted a woman strolling out from the dark, dress flapping in a strong breeze, and ran off.
I followed him toward the ambulance, my mind flooded with thoughts.
Certain great Secrets are only secrets because many refuse—outright refuse—to explore other solutions. They are so afraid to step off their path (no matter how miserable that path may be) since it’s all they know. It’s all they’ve ever been taught: This single path of doing this or that as you grow into this myth of old age.
Pain = Success.
That’s what they tell me. Pain = $$$
So and so deserve their wealth! they say (whoever they are). So and so went through so many struggles to get where they are! The wealth—the riches—MUST come to them!
But it doesn’t.
Wealth, doesn’t come.
I’ve been informed of millionaires in my day, just in passing talk. Some of them are assholes—they HATE life and yet have all this ‘stuff’. They try and try at their work, which they absolutely hate and get no joy from, to make more money, and once the day is done, just sit around in dusty mansions, upset at the world. What went wrong?
And there are those that have so much doing what they love to do, yet live simple lives. Spending their wealth on a kind of easy-living and making investments, all the while staying the creative beasts we were always meant to be.
But having a peaceful, kind mind isn’t enough, nor dreaming those wonderful dreams of happiness and corniness. One has to be active. One has to have the courage to at least—at least!—take the time to step off that predetermined path to find what brings you joy. Once that is done, throw yourself into it. Into your work. Your passion. Block out everything else. Eat…and be merry.

SHE was pounding on the back doors, screaming muffled pleas to be let in—to see her son. The whole place shook. Was she dropkicking now? It would make sense.
Cakers was rummaging through the place, leaning over, trying to keep balance, tossing plastic bags and mysterious devices over his shoulders and between his legs. I understood then that he was looking for a weapon of some kind. I thought it was a good idea, and groped around for anything pain-inducing.
Silence.
The calm before the storm.
The eye of the storm.
Cakers’ eyes were wide.
“Now what?”
Woman (outside): “Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiyaaaaaaa!”
I tell you now it was the most appalling shriek. I have never heard such a wail. It was banshee-like. Death-like…almost evil.
There was a gunshot, and Cakers yelled out, “I’m shot!” patting his body…but he was fine. 
“I knew it!” he said. “Rich people always have guns!”
My search became more feverish. We were on our hands and knees and even sometimes on our bellies, slithering around like snakes, eyes scanning the scene for weapons as gunshots popped and bullets whizzed through the ambulance. A bullet hit a can of Coke, spraying a wall a color that seemed very much like blood to me.
“Atom!” Cakers bellyached.
He stood, pointing at the door, face strong.
“Stop shooting, you fiend!”
BANG!
And Cakers was on the ground again…only now his face was soft with fear and confusion. He was curled up into a ball, arms around his knees. Yowzas! I thought. Is this how it ends? Left to die surrounded by weirdoes?
Maybe it was fitting.
BANG!
Then it was quiet again.
Cakers looked up, ice picks in his hands.
“And?”
I crawled, and put my ear on the door.
“So quiet now,” I whispered. “Maybe she grew some brains—scurried away.”
“I didn’t hear her vehicle start up.”
“Hrmm. It’s true what you say.”
“Get away from the door, you fool! She’s still outside!”
“Be calm! We are safe,” I said. The very idea filled me with such joy. “I’ll prove it!”
And before he could put his mitts on me, I opened the doors. Cakers gasped. I looked down and saw her on the ground…dead? 
“Dead?” I said, carefully stepping down from the ambulance.
Cakers followed, face erupting. A gun was in her hand. Her eyes were closed.
“No…can’t be,” he said, the ice picks in his hands sparkling.
“Let’s just stay calm,” I said, pacing back and forth. 
“Stay calm?!” Cakers squealed. “No!”
He was close to my ear, but I ignored him.
“We have seen the enemy,” I said, “and he is us.”
The mum jumped up, pointing the gun at us. Cakers couldn’t believe it.
“You’re alive!” he was saying. “Thank God in Heaven! You’re alive!”
The woman looked like she had bad things on her mind.
“Ya,” she said, pointing the gun at him. “Not like YOU.”
Utter horror crossed Cakers’ face, his mouth opening into an ‘O’. I kicked sand into the woman’s eyes, and she yelled out in protest. Her arm flew back and the gun went off into the air. She twirled about, trying to get the sand out of her eyes. She was screaming, scared. Cakers yelled out and ran toward her, his ice picks held out, and drove them into her belly. She looked up at him with her sandy face, totally astounded. Cakers turned tail and ran off. The corpse of a bird fell from the sky and hit her on the head, sending her to the ground.
The gun went off a 2nd time.
We were cowering on the sand with our hands over our head. We looked up. The woman was on her back…the gun barrel was in her mouth.
“Oh, lordy…oh, lordy, lordy, lordy. What have you done?”
“ME? I didn’t do this! YOU’RE the one who de-brained her son! Made her screwy!”
“Alright, let’s make this fair. We’re both at fault here.” He was looking down at her and shaking his head. “She put a bullet through her fat head, vertically! Stupid cow! Why would someone do such a thing? How does this help anyone?”
I looked around and saw her son nearby, on the sand—all washed up, ass to moon. So very dead. 
Finally, I pointed.
“Probably because of that,” I said. “Seems they were struggling, and I come to this conclusion due to the blue bruises on their arms and legs and necks and heads and, of course, fingertips. Are you even listening to me? This is important. It makes sense to me that she couldn’t bear the sight of his dead eyes, and took her own life. The mother’s bond with her child is a powerful one, indeed. Especially when they make sweet, nasty love. This is the classic Shakespearean tale.”
“We’re in deep now, boy! What say you?”
“If movies have taught me anything—and they have—it’s that we should scoop up these sacks of now-decomposing meat, and bury them in the trees.”
“IN the trees? You mean in the treetops, right? To hide them? Predator-style?”
“No, I mean inside the trees. Keep them out of sight and sound. No one will ever know, save for the ants and caterpillars and passing badgers, which shall all feast on their sinful bones. I promise.”
“And this diabolical idea came from what movie?”
“Home Alone. Or did I just dream it?”
I could sense that he was warming up to my idea: He was sucking on his thumb for comfort and nodding his head. 
The female at our feet opened her eyes and groaned, whistling through the gun barrel, prompting us to take a large step back. Cakers shrieked and made to kick her, but I held him back.
“Easyyyyyy, big fellah!”
“It’s a monster! How is she alive? How is this possible? Witchcraft! What?”
“Not the craft of the witch, you fool! But the craft of the fates. She’s lucky to be alive right now. Come! Let us smile down on her in fear and amazement as I wrap my arm around your scared neck.”
“Don’t touch me!”
“Oh, sorry. I’m in shock.”
“Don’t touch me! I’m freaking out at the moment!”
We were frozen: Eyes wide, unblinking.
This woman stood up, looking at us with that damn, dirty gun protruding from her bloody lips—blood that came oozing out and looking like a string of crimson grapes.
She didn’t attack us, for this I was glad. But did she still know how to use a gun? If she did, there was no indication. Only much standing. I blinked. Should I punch her? Get this game going? End the suspense? Cakers was holding me in a fearful way. This was normal in such instances. The woman only moved her eyes—left, right, left, right…faster and FASTER. A low hum was in her throat and was rising and RISING.
“AAAAAAAAAAI!” she went. “AAAAIYAA!”
I shrieked with a “WAH!” and uppercut her, sending her hopping back at least eight times. That blasted gun went off on each hop.
She didn’t scream again—didn’t show signs of pain.
SHE WAS STILL ALIVE.
She stood there, far away from us, those spooky eyes again going left, right, left, right, etc, etc.
Her boy stood up now, and they were next to each other, holding each other. I watched in confusion as the boy made to kiss her. His mouth hit against the gun and it went off in her mouth…again and again.
Cakers was pulling on his hair.
“Madness! Stop this madness! Sweet Jesus! Jesus, you’re so sweet!”
I tried slapping him on the face, but it only made him louder for some reason, so I karate chopped him in the back of the neck. He bent forward then sprung back up.
“Thank you,” he said. “We have to stop them before they do something stupid!”
He ran at them and unleashed a fury of dropkicks. By the time I ran over, he had already knocked them out. I was breathless, hands on my knees.
“You were amazing!”
He was looking down on his sand-covered hands.
“How am I this amazing? What is this rush that runs through my blood? Is this how that fat woman was able to lift that car? I’m alive!”
He took them by the feet and dragged them to the ambulance. He flung his head back, and laughed.
I was jealous.

CAKERS was standing in a corner with his back to me, shaking, holding himself. Minutes ago, he was punching the walls and laughing. It was very hard for me to not look afraid…but I remained straight-backed through it all. Then the rush died down and he was in the corner. I couldn’t tell if he was mumbling something or spitting constantly.
The bodies were on the floor, on their bellies, covered in tiny black crabs. Where did these crabs suddenly come from? I didn’t care to know. But I assume from the ass region. Crabs are attracted to moisture, I told myself. The bodies were still. No fat jiggled. Did they not feel these beasts all over them? It was disturbing me. I wanted to slap the crabs off—put them in my hand and squeeze the pus out from them. It wouldn’t be a problem. I did the same to flying cockroaches that dared to bang into my face and scare a yelp out of me. I still crush those little peckers to this day. With their damn, cactus-like legs—you’d think they were biting you.
The terror overtook me then and I jumped to my feet, running my salty fingers through my hair. I had to compose myself. Assess the situation.
“They’re gonna wake up any second, I can feel it. God help usssss.”
Cakers spun around. His face was sweaty and awake. Panicked.
“Help me.”
“What?”
“I can’t go to hell. I can’t. I don’t have the strength! They’ll eat me alive!”
“What are you worrying about hell for? It’s jail that should be on your mind, boy! Those holes all over your body, you gotta seal them up now before it’s too late!”
“Is it too…too late?” He looked around, crazy. “No. No, no, never too late.” Then up to God, “Wahhhhh! You fiend! It’s too late!” He looked down and began to sob, his face lost and confused. “No, no, no, no…I had dreams. I was going to be financially wealthy. I was going to eat whatever I wanted—buy all the watermelons I could eat, cars, pants, pizza. I was soooo near it all…I could sense the wealth coming my way. And now THIS.”
He went all out—weeping on his knees and punching the floor. Snot and drool was falling from his lips, yet he made no attempt at wiping himself. He was creating a sizable pool that a crab was drowning in. 
“Good, good,” he was saying, squeezing the words out and sounding like a constipated child. “Good, good.”
I couldn’t look at him. His little speech had given me a jolt. I heard myself in his words: All that jabber about fear and…and dreams—about all this terror happening too soon. Just way too soon. Cakers needed a little more time, but that’s true with anyone, right? When you’re on your deathbed, seconds from dying, that’s all that’ll be on your mind. Time. Just a little more time. 
If I had the time.
Unless you commit suicide. Then it’s a case of having too much time. The thought shook me again. No, I thought. No. I still have things to do. You’ll never take me alive, copper!
I kicked the woman’s body over. She was snoring and smiling a little.
“We have to take these…zombies…to the farm.”
Cakers looked up and for a few seconds had trouble finding me, his eyes full of water. 
“Farm?”
“With the others. There’s no difference.”
“I like the tree idea better. Do it to all of them, I say.”
“They ain’t dead yet. We have to take care of them…be responsible. Your talk about hell gave me a salty one. Any guilt we feel now follows us all the way to reincarnation. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to come back as a cockroach. Not with people like me running around. Our Goddamn souls are on the line here, do you understand it?! We have to do this the right way.”
“We?”
He looked scared when he asked the question.
I sighed.
“We.”
Cakers cracked his neck, and for the first time since all this horror and confusion, he seemed truly confident.
“I need my ice picks,” he said.

APPARENTLY, in Japan, there are two popular ways to commit suicide—by jumping in front of a speeding train, and by locking yourself in your bathroom and starting a Bar-B-Q, sans meat. 
How does one do it?
How can your situation get so bad, that you kill yourself? That you end your life? That you bite the big one? That you hurt your friends and loved ones? That you just…leave all your stuff behind?
Everyone on the ass of the earth thinks about killing themselves—probably more times than what they tell me. What would it be like? Is there an afterlife? I think there is. But how do we know? How do I even know?
Life after death. Angels/aliens. Reincarnation. I spew shit like that all the time. I’m the most spiritual, open-minded person in my circle of friends, but I’m still not 100% sure what all this information is going to amount to. How does one really know what the Truth is?
Does it matter?
Does your negative energy cross over to your next life? Is that why so many of these youngsters are so successful? Because they didn’t carry over any baggage from their past?
Is this why Catholics make it a point to go to confession every now and then?
Well, I’d say, if you are at peace with yourself…then do what you want, however you want. 
Leave. 
Exit. 
Go.

THAT night, there was bad news of tourists being attacked on Waikiki beach, by a strange, insane, naked man who was mumbling a lot. He carried a broken surfboard under his arm and was trying to bite people. His other hand held a fishing pole. Odd, tiny fish were dangling from his legs—biting them and wiggling around. The loon could not be found for questioning. 
All this we heard over the radio.
We zoomed into Waikiki and jumped out, searching every corner and all over the beaches. Cakers all the while groaned about hell, but I left him to it. Security stopped us at the sands, behind hotels (Jesus, these hotels act like they made the beach and therefore own the sands), but we told them this was official “Ambulance Business” and we must not be bothered. This always worked on them, except for that one security guard that wouldn’t stop talking about stomach worms, and was clearly drunk. That portion of the beach we left alone, although I insisted to Cakers that it was a mistake.
We moved on.
I prayed that the cops hadn’t already apprehended the poor fiend. 
People were screaming and running toward Duke Kahanamoku’s Statue, made in honor of this surfing legend, and we followed. A large crowd had gathered and formed a circle—there was a struggle going on at its center. We tore through. Our friend from earlier—the surfer who had been attacked by the boy—had a white woman (British, by her accent) in a headlock. The smell flying from the man’s pores was amazing in an awful way, and something had to be done.
Cakers yelled sounds and jumped him, taking him right to the statue’s feet. Various local people tried to protect the many leis around the statue’s neck, yelling and weeping madly and shaking their heads.
Cakers dragged the beast by the hair, away from the crowd. Not wanting to look like a total waste, I took him by the feet, grunting at people to “Move, dammit! This is important business!”
They listened, and I felt, indeed, important.
It was always an odd and powerful feeling. Rather foreign.
Inside the ambulance, we strapped the zombie to a gurney and zoomed away from Waikiki. The mother and the son were on the floor, sleeping. They had been pumped full of tranquilizers, and I did the same to the surfer before he (it?) started to act like an asshole again. 
It was hard to breathe. Our lungs were working overtime, and we were smiling.
“These are such sights to behold,” I said under my breath, the day’s events swirling around my mind.
“You bastard,” Cakers said, eyes on the road. We were on the freeway, heading towards Pandora, towards The Farm. “You sound so fucking impressed. These are all horrible things! I feel so damn cursed!”
“My eyes are OPEN, that’s all. I believe in the Invisible now more than ever, that’s all. How about you?”
“No. NONONONO!” He was shuddering, hands gripping the wheel, teeth grinding to a pulp, eyes shut. The ambulance went from left to right, out of control.
I took him by the arms, my mouth alert.
“Keep your blasted eyes on the road!”
We went past an old jeep, shocking it. The hunk of metal took a hard right, but quickly steadied itself. The young woman inside gave us the finger over and over again, yelling bad words.
“I’m okay,” Cakers said, gaining control. “All is well.”
I was hyperventilating as we slowed behind a tow truck. We almost died. It wasn’t the way to go—not in a crash. I had my seatbelt on, but what good was it, I mean really? I’ve heard the story, too, like everyone else: Of the car crash that sent the driver flying through the window, to safety, while the passenger was caught under his seatbelt and burnt to death in the wreckage. Is there no justice? The scale tips one way, then the other with a mind of its own. It’s all so very unpredictable. 
Cakers was sweating so much, his lap was completely soaked.
“What in devil’s name are they?” he pleaded, weeping again, only this time quietly.
“Zombies,” I said.
He turned to me, scared.
“Crazies?”
“No. You’re not listening. I said ‘Zombies’.”
“Can’t be. Bodies don’t come back from the dead. It’s too upsetting! It goes against science!”
“Science is learning new things everyday. Soon—SOON—they will accept the zombie as fact—that the after life does exist. That the soul is Goddamn real.”
Cakers shook his head. Then he nodded, fast. Tears glistened on his face as cars went by.
“I’m sorry, boy.”
“It’s the way of the universe, old chap. Peace be with you.”
“I made…a…um…mistake,” he said, sounding guilty.
“Eh?”
“Not long ago.” Then, “I KNEW I SHOULD’VE TRUSTED MY INSTINCTS! THEY WERE BLASTING! WHY DIDN’T I LISTEN?”
“What in blue blazes are you yammering about? What did you do?”
He was silent for a good thirty minutes. I didn’t press him.
Once we were out through the Wilson Tunnel, he took in a deep breath, and told me his tale.
“When I decided to actually—finally—go through with this brain-bothering business, I went to a friend for medical advice. She was old and a bit off in the head, but her knowledge was extensive and awe-inspiring. She used to be president at some long-ago hospital on Molokai, called Prince Tolomakai Center. The structure became unstable over the years, but when they closed it down she stayed, and lived in the various rooms…all in secret. 
“Local people who would drive by called the authorities many a time, complaining about weird flashes of light from inside the rundown hospital, and maniacal laughing and an odd stench.
“The day came when the bulldozers finally arrived, and they forced her to leave. They had to drag her out by the hair. They say when they discovered her, she was stink and had booby trapped the place with giant rat traps and nasty pit falls and tricky, sound-activated syringes that would shoot out from the walls. She even painted THE DEVIL LIVES HERE, SO ENTER IF YOU WISH TO HAVE YOUR SOUL SUCKED DRY on the front door, in a cow’s blood. The grounds were littered with cow corpses, many of them propped up like scarecrows—arms out, legs opens, eyes WIDE and spooky. Lastina duck tapped large butcher knives to their hooves.
“None of it worked.
“They called the firefighters, and they sprayed her with cold water until she was sliding down the halls. She threw her hands up and agreed to leave. It wasn’t hard.
“She relocated to Oahu and now lives in Pearl City, living off welfare. Poor Lastina. She never did get back on her feet. I visit her every now and then, dropping off baskets of fruits and vegetables and body lotion.
“Last I went to see her—basket of goods in tow—the front door was unlocked, so I let myself in. The place was a mess. I couldn’t help but remember the old adage, how your home is a mirror image of your mind…your soul. Things were not in place. The ground was covered in picture frames, all stapled to the white carpet. Magazines covered the yellow walls—thick magazines, fastened with layers upon layers of scotch tape. Someone glued dolls all over the television. Somewhere, a cat cried. I found it under an overturned couch, along with a mountain of cat food. The beast was fat and merry. It licked my wrist as I walked about the place, calling for Lastina.
“‘Yes? Cakers? In here,’ she said, delighted.
“I found her in the bathroom, brushing her hair. Baby pictures covered the edges of the mirror. The toilet seat was down, but something was inside, struggling to be set free. The lid bounced.
“‘What’s in there?’
“‘The devil,’ she said. ‘He takes many shapes. The fiend.’
“A snake wiggled out from under the toilet lid and went right for my zebra-striped shoes. 
“‘Jesus Mary Joseph!’ I jumped, falling on my rear as the bloody serpent slithered up my crotch and over my mouth, then over my head and down my back.
“I was in shock. Lastina laughed and extended her hand, yanking me up in one, strong move. 
“‘I guess the devil doesn’t like you much,’ she said. ‘It’s fair.’
“I brushed my shoulders for some reason, I guess to appear strong, yet inside I was blasting myself.
“‘I can handle a snake. Rats, on the other hand…’
“‘Fear not, wee one. There be no rats in this household. If you see any, then it is the devil, again, taking form.’ She continued brushing her hair, humming. ‘Be with you in a minute, sonny boy. Gotta get these damn knots out of my hair. I blame the weather.’ Her comb snagged…paused. She wrenched, hard, and went on combing and humming. I could spot a clump of wet hair stuck in the comb. Did I see blood?
“I waited in the kitchen for her, fingering the walls for the light switch. The kitchen light shot bright white, then popped dark. It sounded like a gun. I cursed my bad luck and went over to a lamp shaped like a stripper’s leg, and flicked it on. A nice melody played—soft and sweet, maybe Chinese. Cards covered the table. There was a house of cards. I was sure to be careful when I pulled out my seat and sat down, my eyes wide on the delicate structure. It was five feet tall. Lastina had made little people out of paper, and set them on various floors. Some were in bath tubs, reading the paper; a woman stood before a full-length mirror, buttoning her dress; a little boy was in his room and played with a toy truck; two cats were fighting in one room while two dogs were sleeping in another; an elderly couple were in bed, sitting up with their hands placed neatly on their lap.
“I found it quite unnerving.
“They were all staring at me with wide, crude eyes. Even the animals.
“I wanted to smash the building. 
“Then, I saw another figure, in a room on the very top of the house of cards…of a young girl. She was standing in a dark corner. Her eyes were yellow.
“I reached out to her, leaning in.
“Lastina’s slippers took my attention, and I sat up straight. She was holding a cup of coffee, blowing it cool, and sat down. The house of cards swayed, and my breath caught. She didn’t seem the slightest concerned.
“‘I usually put a cube of ice in my coffee,’ she said, smiling at me. ‘Are you all right, my dear? You look perplexed.’
“‘I’m just very impressed by this card house.’
“‘Oh, this ol’ thang? Thank you. It took me years to make. Started on it ever since Molokai.’
“‘How are you feeling these days, Lastina?’
“‘Good. I have my hobbies, as you can see. I feel myself going a little crazy, though.’
“‘Naw.’
“‘It’s true! Have you seen the floors? The walls? Things are not where they should be. But I can’t help myself. I mean, some days I’m normal, but then there are these other days, where…it’s like I’m being controlled. Sometimes, after cooking, I have to turn the knob on the stove over and over and over, just to make sure it’s off. Catch my drift?’
“‘Everyone does that—or at least, things like it.’
“‘I just can’t control myself sometimes. I hate it. I hate it so much.’ She made a fist and pounded the table. The house of cards jiggled. The figure of the woman, buttoning her dress, fell over. I let out a tiny gasp.
“‘Everything’s all right. Just breathe. Remember your breathing.’
“She did as I said, breathing in and out like a pregnant woman.
“‘I have to get back to work,’ she said.
“‘Yes,’ I said, excited. ‘A little work will do you good. Fine that you have hobbies—keeping busy—but nothing will fulfill you more than doing what you love, especially if there’s rent involved, and grocery shopping.’
“I looked over my shoulder. The refrigerator was making loud, lion sounds.
“‘We really should get you out of here.’
“‘No one will hire me!’ she wept. ‘They say it’s my brain. I’m all loopy.’ She sipped her coffee, tears splashing into it. ‘I’d give anything to go at it again—to dress up and go into operation. Oooooh, the thrill of it all.’
“‘And that good feeling of helping someone.’
“‘What? Oh. Yes. That, too.’ She smiled again, like a good mother. ‘And how are you? I owe you so much for the baskets you give.’
“‘Think nothing of it. I’m doing well, thank you for asking. I’m starting up a business.’
“Businessman now, eh? Growing up, I see.’
“I thought for a split second: Should I tell her my idea? Would she think it was too crazy? Too crude? Too dangerous? Would she jump over the table and take hold of me? Shake some sense into me?
“‘Think I’ll go into the lobotomy business,’ I said, tensing my body, ready to run.
“Her eyes lit up.
“‘Oh! Genius!’
“I exhaled, my spine lazy again.
“She was all smiles.
“‘I’ve been thinking the same thing! Well, not lobotomy, but just going at it myself—making a private business. Got a headache? Come on down, ya’all, to Dr. Lastina’s house! Because the devil should NOT be in your house, i.e. body.’
“I laughed, but she was dead serious.
“‘Those Goddamn lizards,’ she went on. ‘Thinking they can stop our dreams? Someone’s purpose in life? Phooey! Get on with your goal. Good for you, I say! Best to your business! If I can help in any way, feel free to ask.’
“‘Got any tools lying around the house? I want to get serious about this.’
“She looked around the place. ‘Tools, tools, tools…’ Then, ‘Aha! I got just what you need.’
“She went into a closet. Things fell down. Things were clanking and ripping.
“‘Need any help in there?’ I asked, half out from my seat.
“‘NO! You stay put. Park your cute, little fanny on that seat, boy!’ She was laughing now. ‘Golly. I’m still strong—after all these years!’
“A dumbbell—with large weights on its ends—flew out onto a pile of dirty laundry. Lastina walked out, hugging a large, white utility box. A red cross was on the cover. She sat down and blew the dust off, coughing and wiping the cross clean.
“‘Ahh,’ she went. ‘Ahhhh, how long has it been, my baby? How long?’ She blew again, wiping. ‘How long, hmm? Well? Answer me. How LONG?’ She was quiet for a second…then stared at me, embarrassed. ‘Pardon me, my boy. Please don’t be afraid.’
“‘No need to apologize,’ I said. ‘I understand.’
“‘Thank you, lad. You are very deserving of this gift.’
“‘What’s in it?’
“‘Tools.’
“She opened it, and indeed there were many tools inside: Scalpels, needles, forceps, and other doodads and whatnots. My eyes landed on a long, brown case. She seemed to notice, and smiled, taking it out.
“‘This…is for you.’
“I grinned, and opened the case. The two ice picks inside glittered—as if happy to be in my possession. No. They were happy to have me hold them. They were.
“Lastina coughed and I was instantly concerned. She waved me away and drank her coffee.
“‘Those picks are very special. I feel I can trust you with them. You’re an adult. You’re fine and dandy.’
“‘Thank you so much, Lastina.’
“‘I got those while in New Orleans. I learnt so much there. Things that would make your head spin! Believe you me.’ She coughed again. ‘It was my time to have them then, as now is yours. Everything is in perfect order. Nothing happens by accident. Those ice picks helped make me a lot of money…helped make me very successful. People came from all over the land, waiting anxiously to see me perform.’
“‘Perform?’
“‘Well, how to put this…I had a little act going on—a little side business. All thanks to hose ice picks, my boy. How do they feel in your hands?’
“‘Very light. Hot. I’m surprised.’
“‘Hot, you say?’
“‘Like they’ve been boiled.’
“‘Good. Good.’ She got up and washed her cup.  Rags and stained coffee cups filled the sink. ‘They’ll still work.’
“‘What did you just say?’
“She exhaled. ‘Work. They’ve still got power in them. Hard to believe, after all these years.’
“‘I didn’t hear you. Did you say power?’
“‘Sure did, kid. As in magical powers.’ I kept quiet. Had her brains been so fried? Was she in another one of her mental spells? She turned to me, arms across her breasts. ‘I was known as The Great Lastina! The miracle worker! Able to cure anything! People were coming to see me perform from all over. I’ve never lost a patient. STILL never. Thanks to those ice picks. There’s power in them. I got them from a Cajun witch who owned a shoe shop. I happened upon her one day while getting my high heels fixed. She had been complaining about a sore foot. She was a kind, old woman who reminded me of my grandmother.’ She paused here, and then went on. ‘I examined her foot and treated her to a free checkup at the hospital—even gave her a ride. She was a pleasure to be around…told so many jokes. She was so grateful for the free service that she blessed those ice picks—spitting on them and mumbling some words—telling me that they’d never kill anyone. And they haven’t.’
“Something in me clicked, but I ignored it, and I didn’t believe the story, but still, I was gracious for the free tools. ‘Thank you,’ I said.
“‘I wouldn’t give these out to just any fool,’ she said. ‘One must be careful.’
“‘Yes. I understand.’
“‘You’ll do well. I taught you well over the years.’
“‘You never taught me this before.’
“She grinned.
“‘We all learn something new every day; one of the many exciting benefits of Life.’”



EIGHT


OUR ambulance pulled up to the farm. The sun was baking. I hadn’t spoke since he told his story. The fool. How could he have been so stupid? So gosh darn blind? What’s with modern folks nowadays??? So ignorant of the malevolent Energies all around them!
I remember saying to him, rather irate, “If only you didn’t stick those devil picks into that boy’s mum, she wouldn’t be a member of the walking dead right now.”
“True.” He cleared his throat. “No point in hiding it now. I did it to them all. All the bad operations. All the ones that went wrong. I didn’t want them to tattle.” 
We jumped from the ambulance and got to work unloading the sleeping people. “Sometimes, our brain farts,” he said. “We have to be careful what we eat, ‘cause sometimes the smell be real bad.” His arms were shaking as he said this, and every now and then he’d drop the unconscious body he was dragging, cursing the ‘Damn arthritis’ in his feet.
Fear. Could I blame him? Did I have a right to judge? I was playing tug-of-war with my ethics.
We opened the back doors and carried the surfer, the mum, and the son into the house, dragging each by the shoulders. 
When we arrived at the farm, right when the sun was peeking over that tall mountain up ahead of us and bathing the land in a light orange, I could see bodies searching all around, scattered about, lumbering here and there.
They were in the fields. Some were on the road, and we had to swerve by them, carefully of course, I made sure of that. Cakers, he’d just start hollering at them.
“Watch yo’self now, damn dingbat!” he yells. “I’ll be a monkey’s uncle, be alert for once in yo life!”
We drove by someone who was walking into a fence, over and over with her chin up, gazing at the passing birds. Her eyes were crusty with blood, and she was wearing a nurse’s uniform, all dirty now and growing moss.
A lawyer was crawling on the road with a dead cat in his mouth. Cakers sped up to do the obvious, but I set him straight, and we just went right on by. I could see in the rearview mirror that the once-respectable-lawyer was reaching for us.
A gaggle of football players were surrounding a tractor, each one trying to climb on for some reason. They all had their helmets on. I ain’t no expert in fool’s ball, but I’m pretty sure they were football players, seeing how they had all that muscle in their arms and legs and necks. They all saw us zoom by, too, and started following us…their legs tired. One of them had no pants. His genitalia was showing. Birds flew to it and ate. But this fool’s ball player, he didn’t give one iota. The other men grabbed at the birds with hungry snarls, but it was no good. They flew away—right to and past our ambulance. Cakers whistled.
“Damn fast! Such lovely creatures. I think I was a bird in my past life. Just amazing beasts. Did you know that pigeons can attain speeds up to 100 miles per hour? Did you just hear me? I’m talking about pigeons, for Christ’s sake. We evolved from them.”
I looked behind us again.
They were all coming for us.
Good, I thought. We should get them all out of the rain. Get them into that moldy barn.
I told Cakers, and he scoffed.
“Where we gonna put them until the dang thing’s all spic and span? There’s no time, I tell ya. Someone’s gonna have to build something.”
“Or distract them.”
He sighed.
“You barbarian.”
Once we had the sleeping goons in the house, I nabbed a butcher knife from the kitchen and ran to the barn. Cakers took hold of a rake and stood on the porch, just in case anything weird happened.
The zombies were indeed heading my way…though slowly. They all turned their shoulders and shambled in my direction. I could hear their broken knees clicking as they went. Many sat up in the fields, their heads a silhouette against the morning sky, some with eyes that glowed yellow. Seeing so many heads—50 to 80—looking around with their crazy hair, sent shivers down my back and up my front. 
I kept running.
I had time.
The farm smelt like an awful sweet candy. It reminded me of the time I killed a centipede in my bedroom and threw it in the wastebasket. The sweet stink was so powerful. I still get visions of centipedes whenever I walk into a candy shop.
A zombie child with no arms was standing in front of the barn. Its eyes—clueless and pitiful! The goon hissed at me, spitting crap out from its mouth. Running on pure energy, I plowed right through the animal, shouldering it, sending it sailing against the barn doors. They opened and I jumped in, kicking the complaining body away and closing the doors. There was no time to worry—no time to understand—at least not clearly. I had to work fast.
Oh, wicked zaniness.
I gathered all the dangerous instruments—the rakes, the shovels, the barbwire, all the pointy sticks, and threw them into an old truck with oversized wheels. This detail stalled me a bit as I began to fathom just why in the hell did it have such HUGE tires. For what purpose? Maybe Cakers knew.
Screaming sounds now, in the distance.
“Cakers!”
I ran out to see him in between the house and the ambulance. A group of zombies had encircled him, and he was trying to get them away by swinging his rake this way and that. He saw me running to help.
“I didn’t hurt them!” he smiled. “Just like you said!”
I charged at the scene.
“Good lord!”
Your mind goes numb when you’re scared and your heart is beating mad—the only clear thing is current intention. I pushed and dropkicked and karate chopped away so many zombies in under a minute—just enough to drag Cakers away into the ambulance.
The zombies were beating against the ambulance, moaning and blinking rapidly. We drove toward the barn, slow, pushing many of the zombies inside. I’d run out and open the doors, and he’d nudged each one into the barn, and I’d close the doors and jump right back in with him. We’d repeat this for many hours: Him nudging the goons into the barn, me closing the doors, so forth and so forth.
Some were stubborn.
Some would be facing the ambulance, so I had to get my balls inflamed and go outside, waving my hands and whatnot, acting like bait. It worked. It always worked. By this time, the adrenaline had worn off, and I was a scared little man again. I wished I could drive then. My mind was white hot—busy. I didn’t know how tired I really was. I kept moving all the same. Fear kept my legs from imploding, but I knew that once I was in bed, I’d be in a coma.
Many times, Cakers had to drive into the fields to fish out the dead. There was one zombie he ran over. He apologized, but I held no grudge. There was nothing you could do.
“The damn thing was hiding!” said Cakers.
“I know,” I says, and walk toward the beast, wading my way through the tall grass that went up to my face and tickled my nose. I found the thing on its back, legs in the air. It was easy for me not to look at her ‘obvious place’. It was female—a waitress—who was breathing in quick, short bursts. She was looking up at me, bewildered, with her hands held out, as if trying to take hold of me. Her hands were opening and closing—gripping air.
I think it moved. But anyway....
Were they all really dead?
They seemed like people. 
Were they all really dead?
Cakers said he put those damn devil sticks into their eyes. Every one of them. He didn’t know about the horrible end result. And yet he DID do it…into each and every one.
I took the zombie by the sneakers and hauled it through the grass. Cakers pulled up and helped me carry her inside.
I bit my nails as Cakers drove. Birds flew out of the grass.
These zombies were dead, yet moving? They had no soul—one could easily see that fact by looking at them. It didn’t take a genius. We sense it. Somehow, we know.
We just know what’s evil.
I exhaled.
“This has got to be the most spooky-ass scene I’ve ever seen.”

IF we were to sleep over the farm and watch these maniacs, we needed to be prepared. That night, Cakers had to go back into town to gather some supplies and to refuel the ambulance. As for me, I had work to do…of the folding kind.
At around four in the morning, Cakers picked me up at the Wal-Mart and took me home to gather some goods. Tranzam was with us, looking over books with titles like ‘How to Care for your Child’ and ‘How to Discipline your Child’ and ‘How to Control your Child’ and ‘How to Feed your Child’. I remember seeing these books on the large bookcase at the house. In fact, they were all about babies and how to raise them. I inquired about these, and Tranzam said that it was research.
“We’re one step closer in understanding these beasts,” Cakers said to me.
Tranzam nodded, and then went:
“Hmph. Whatever you say, dear.” Then, “I feel like eating things. Stop over at Taco Bell.”
At home, I crept in, careful not to wake my roommate, and stuffed my backpack with clothes and frozen bacon and a bag of rice and many large eggs. I need eggs with my rice. Every time. End of story.
The back of the ambulance was filled with boxes labeled HIS and HERS. There were many HERS boxes.
The farm was not quiet.
The ambulance cut through the night without running over a single zombie. We had done a mighty fine job. A great noise was coming from the barn, which we sealed with a washing machine. We parked in front of the house and stepped outside, staring at the barn. The zombies were moaning together. Tranzam shook her head.
“Worse than cats in heat! Are they gonna be doing this all night?”
“Probably all through the livelong day,” I said.
Cakers threw up his dukes like an English boxer from 1860. He bounced back and forth.
“Not if I can help it! I’ll cut off their mouths with these very fists if they keep at it. I needs me my sleeps!”
“Hold your horses,” I said. “I have an idear.”
We ran into the house and gathered all the blankets and pillows. On our way to the front door, a zombie-chef jumped out, tackling Cakers to the floor. Tranzam kicked the zombie’s head off. No blood came out. Its body got up, casually, and walked out of the house and down the stairs with its hands behind its back.
“Help me, God!” Cakers wiggled on the floor and knocked over a desk lamp. He had his hands around his throat. “I can’t breathe! Something’s wrong with me! I feel like I’m drowning! I’m just like a whale!”
Tranzam pulled him up by the waist and breathed into his mouth, instantly curing him.
“The only whale in here,” she said, “is my muscular vagina. There’s a lot of meaning in here, if you know what I mean. So what, who cares?” It came out so indifferent. So calm.
“God bless,” I says. “Truth is stranger than fiction.”
“You know what they say,” she said, clapping her hands to celebrate Cakers instant recovery. She picked up her pillows and ran out of the house. She was proud.
Cakers coughed.
“Miracles…miracles…miracles.”
“Do you have a cow’s heart?”
“Not yet.” He looked around, suspicious. “Well. Not in this alternate reality.”
I shoved blankets and towels into his arms…
“Vamoose!”
…and we shut the front door and ran out after Tranzam. She was already at the barn. Ladder leaned against the barn. We each took one and covered and stuffed all the barn windows with pillows and blankets, securing them with duck tape and scotch tape and Elmer’s Glue. The beasts inside complained and complained all through the night, but now we had muffled their moans to a fine volume. 
We went back inside the house and slept for so many hours.

MY brother calls me and says my mum is in the hospital. I’m sure he wants me to go visit her. Something happened with her arm. The plastic tube inside broke and blood is everywhere. And I don’t want to go to the hospital. I care for my mum, yes, but don’t make me walk into a hospital. 
They’re depressing. They smell weird. Too clean. Guilt sets in. I hope she’s okay. She’s a cancer survivor and goes to dialysis 4 times a week, hence the plastic tube in her arm. This has been going on for so many years. She tells me that people around her have died. This goes on and on. This is her life, aside from watching The Filipino Channel and soap operas and wrestling (redundant?). Why do I feel I wrote all of this before? 
And I wanted to be a mortician?
Yes, until I realized one has to go to the mainland for schooling. Does anyone know if there are online courses towards obtaining your goal of becoming an undertaker? 
When my brother talks on the phone about my mum’s status, he sounds dead and bothered. Calls like this can sag your day. Maybe this is why I hate phone calls now? How can people be addicted to their phones, anyway? I hate my cell. I hate getting calls. I love my privacy. My quiet life. Peaceful. Undisturbed. Meditative. I only get—at max—one call every other day. I get a bit more of those pesky texts, but those are negligible. Why text anyway? It’s insulting. You’re telling the other person I’m too lazy to call and have an actual conversation with YOU. But at least I remember you. So there. Although, if you were Angelina Jolie, you better damn believe I’ll call! 
I’m also afraid to see my mum because I know she’ll go on one of her rants: Telling me to eat my vegetables, asking if I showered, if I cook my own food, to make sure I don’t sleep with my hair wet, to make sure I washed my clothes (because people can smell what your nose has become accustomed to, especially if you’re on the bus), to not walk home after work at four in the morning (although sometimes I do), etc.
It’s lovely that she cares—all mothers do—but do I have to hear the same things over and over again, year after year, week after week, day after day?
Maybe yes.
Our band, The Rorschach Experiment, just finishes a gig, playing at a bar near Pearlridge. We’re all standing outside, chitchatting, when somehow the subject of me not driving pops up. I’m too drunk—and naturally blind—to make out the faces in the night, with their arms around their lovers, but I try my best to explain.
When I was a wee lad, I was in a car, sitting in the back, between the driver’s and passenger’s seat. The car makes an abrupt stop and my head goes flying forward—right into the stick shift. This wouldn’t be that much of a big deal, except for the fact that the damn thing didn’t have one of those dandy rubber handles. Long story short, blood rockets everywhere and scars me for life, mentally. It would explain a lot. 
No more driving for this lad. I remember none of this story, not so surprisingly. This is a tale my mum told me. Or did I dream it?
In any case, this seems to shut them up a good one. What are they thinking now, I wonder? Do they see me as a loser now, simply because I don’t want to drive? Is that fair? Truth be told, a hunk of metal going at 80 miles per hour does frighten me. If only the darn things were made of cotton candy.
Listen, you can be the most disciplined driver on the planet, but there’s always some fool out there, a’drinking and a’driving, or—what’s more commonplace nowadays—a’texting and a’driving.
Earlier in the week, work is difficult.
I’m dead tired and slow as we near the 2:30am mark. Never again am I missing my 3pm-7pm nap before work. My eyes refuse to stay open. It’s amazing how heavy they feel. Is this normal? Am I dying? Is this what death feels like? Being sleep deprived? It’s also amazing how once you clock out and walk through the front door, you’re no longer tired! You’re wide awake, ready to go home and surf the internet—cruise Google Images for things that make the baby Jesus cry.
It’s been a few years now.
How much has the band progressed?
Could I have done things to help speed things up?
Have I wasted my time?
Have I squandered life?
What is my worth in life?
They say that if you want success, you have to find its feeling place. If you can’t imagine it—if you can’t feel how it will feel like when you finally get there—then it will elude you. You’re not calling it.
I want things to go faster.
FASTER.

A GODDAMN rooster woke me up at the crack of ass. I opened my eyes, and they hurt. The clock read, in big red numbers, 7:00. Lord almighty, let me sleep for 1, 2, 3, 11 more hours. And then I heard the moans again, still hushed.
My bedroom door flew open, and a picture of a flower vase, on the wall, fell with its glass cracking.
“Up and early, bright eyes. We’ve got work to do.”
“NO.” I threw my blanket over my head.
“Yes, bright eyes!” he said, yanking the blanket away and throwing it out the window. I heard chickens complain, and I imagined the blanket had covered them and was now moving over the grounds like a ghost.
“What is your damage??” I growled.
“We have to get this place cleaned up, lad!” he said. “Do you have any idea how much money we could make?”
“What was that? I ain’t no farmer. Farming?!?! No, thank you, kind sir. Now if you will excuse me, my eyes are still closed. Good night, sweet prince. Hello, lucid dreams.”
“I didn’t say anything about farming, fool. I’m talking about racing! We have so much land here…”
“Where did these irksome chickens come from? I hate chickens! They’re too weird for me.”
“I bought them at the local feed store. Reminds me of my childhood. Call me nostalgic.”
“Listen, Nostalgic,” I said, eyes still closed. “I’m thinking about life right now—trying to find my future’s feeling place. I need tiiiiiiiiime. I’m so tired.”
“Sorry,” he shrugged. “That’s the way the cookie hits the fan.”
And then he dragged me by the shoulders out of my room and down the stairs. I gave no struggle, still trying to go to sleep. It was no use, so I opened my eyes. I saw the walls lined with old-timey pictures of elders in straw hats, carrying pitchforks and shovels and sitting on tractors. Everyone wore overalls. How disturbing. Where was I now? Was I still dreaming??? Maybe I was dead.
Was he going to at least let me get dressed?
“Are you going to at least let me get dressed? I’m in nothing but my racecar boxers ova hea.”
“Oh, don’t you worry, honey lamb,” he says as my feet thud down the stairs. “I got you some threads, as the youth gangs used to say during the 90’s.”
On the kitchen table was a pair of blue overalls.
“Just like the ones I’m wearing now. You can thank me later.”
Tranzam was cooking bacon and eggs. Five glasses of milk were on the counter. We sat down to eat while those chickens gossiped. I’m eating your babies, I thought. You irksome bastards, I’m eating your babies.
I got dressed there in the kitchen as they watched and made sure I was doing it right, got a pitchfork, and we went outside into the sun. My eyes caved in and whined. 
Zombies were everywhere.
“What goes on here!?”
“No worries, mate,” Cakers said, smiling and waving a pitchfork in the air. “As you can plainly see, they’re all behind the various fences. We put up extra barbed wires and fixed all the gates, too.”
“Now I can get to work on that barn. Treat it right.”
“Oh. Hrmmm. One more thing you should know before you go in there. Seems our fine fellow fiends were ‘releasing’ themselves in there. You’ve been warned. As a positive note, I hosed them all down. It was fun. Some of them are bloated with water. The stuff was coming out of their eyes and ears! So what, who cares?”
I shrugged.
“Can’t be helped. We all need baths.”
He was right about the barn.
The place was buzzing with stink. Excrement was everywhere in piles, along with pieces of meat and intestine and socks. How horrible! Cleaning all of this? Impossible. You’d have to be a psychopath. 
What was I going to do?
These apes needed a place, and I’d be a monkey’s uncle if I were to just leave them there in that shitty barn, or even outside, for that matter, whenever it rained. I was no devil. All loving things need love and care.
True, these things had no soul, but they were living.
It was all clear to me then, as I ran out of that barn and leaned against a wall, trying to breathe in the good and coughed up a fly.
There were living things—full of energy, loving life. That was more than I could say about many of my human friends that played video games all day. The zombies had a goal, and they made it a point to follow it until the end. And they were our brothers. We are all made from the same basic building blocks—like everything else in the universe: The stars, the planets, the galaxies. The Universal Subconscious connects all of us. Through our soul. One soul. I’m no different from you, as you are from me…because we are the same. That bag of meat, that lump of clay, that hunk of metal…all the same. 
All the same energy.
Another gag in my throat, and I coughed up another fly. I was getting dizzy. My belly whimpered. Those eggs were not sitting well.
Somewhere, a chicken was laughing.
Should I burn the barn down? It was such a dead thing now. I could feel it pleading with me. “Please,” it was begging. “Kill me. Kill me now.”
I went inside to look for a gas can, making my way past the bales of hay, to the back. There was wood all around me—giant sheets in piles, 2x4 leaning against walls, whole logs here and there, even random sticks could be found. Leftovers, I thought.
Maybe I could use all of this junk. Build something for the nincompoops. How about a maze to keep them busy? The idea excited me. I was awake then, and I rushed back into the house and pulled up a seat at the kitchen table and drew out so many blueprints.
Why stop at the maze?
I could build cheap little houses. I’ve lived in them for so long, I knew them inside and out. The architecture would be easy. I could build a whole Goddamn town! Maybe even add a church, a bar, a library, various tree houses, and a play theater. 
Finally, my own little town. My own little world where no one would bother me.
I couldn’t just sit.
I went out and began to carry out some of the wood. The maze! It would be the maze I’d work on first. If I could make that, it would give me more confidence to construct more elaborate structures.
As I dragged along one of the giant, rectangular sheets of wood, I saw Cakers in one of the fields, carrying an odd harness of some kind connected to a large blade. Was he getting ready to plough? If so, why? 
Tranzam had a zombie on a leash—a muscular woman in a bikini. She must’ve been a bodybuilder in her past life. Cakers put the harness on her—or more like THREW it on her.
The zombie followed Cakers, ploughing the field, as he led her on with a Twinkie on a stick. 
I asked him about this strange act, and he reasoned that, until they fixed the farming machinery, or bought bulls, this would have to do.
“Why are we ploughing?” I said, arms crossed.
“I’m building a pentagram.”
“Nani? What? Why?”
“I’ve been expanding my mind lately. Last night, I was looking at you while you slept, when I noticed a book on the floor, called ESP Right Now. I picked it up and found it such a delightful read.”
“I need that back, by the way,” I said, following him was he walked backwards. The muscular zombie was grabbing for the Twinkie. She had no lower jaw. This was mildly disturbing.
“The book’s perfectly safe,” Cakers assured me. “I found the chapter on Pentagram usage particularly interesting.”
“Yes?”
“Well…write down your wish, or want, and translate the sentence in symbols that only you can understand on a sheet of large paper.”
“You’re creating a sigil, really. It’s all the same. It’s all about the energy you put into your ‘wish’…how much you concentrate on it, how strong you imprint your want into your subconscious—the soul of this very universe.”
“If it’s all about energy, it got me thinking, why stop on a measly sheet of paper?”
“This is gonna take you such a long time. There will be many mistakes.”
“Don’t be such a negative Nancy. I’m down for a pound. I’m ready. I’ll fine tune this project right to the tiniest detail. It’s all worth it. I believe.”
I left him to it and got back to work lugging lumber. He was a chaos magician now, whether he knew it or not. I didn’t ask him what his wish was, but I’m willing to bet dollars to doughnuts it was somewhere along the lines of asking for $1,000,000.
And why not?
So be it.
Underneath all appearances, the same energy that makes up the very air we breathe also makes money. There’s no difference between attracting $1,000,000 or just $1. It all hangs on your beliefs—the value you put in things. You make it possible or impossible. 
It always seems impossible until it’s done, said Nelson Mandela.
And what was wrong with wanting money? Money isn’t evil. It’s not anti-spiritual. To grow as spirits, we need to be able to buy what we need to expand our talents—to give back to the community. It’s all in how you use it. One should not hoard wealth. Share it. Send it back into the economy.
People with a lack mindset see lack in everything, see the negative in everything—money being the chief thing—and that’s what they will always attract until they go into an abundance mindset.
It’s an easy switch to make. One just has to understand the fact that you get what you look for. And why worry so much about bad happenings, anyway? We live in a balanced universe. There is no black without white, up needs down. If things are so bad, then things must also, in accordance with the Law of Polarity, be good. Choose what you want.
We get what we look for.
There’s no one to blame.
It’s all you.

I’M reminded of a time when, during the early 90’s, I was in a gang in KPT. That stood for Kuhio Park Terrace, but the creative locals lean more towards Kill People Tonight. Ahh, life. I was very young then. 
Of course, I wanted to fit in…to be a part of something. I was in one called (censored by editor). 
It was also smart (really????) to join a gang because they’d protect you against the big, bad Samoan and Korean gangs that would steal your glasses while you walked to school and throw them in the river. They would laugh, of course. And why not? They’re fucking comedic geniuses!
The initiation was simple: The other members pound your face in. There were only two of us in that tiny apartment on the 3rd floor of A-Building. There must be something about me, because one chap had a hard time connecting his fists to my delicate bone structure. He seemed worried.
“Eh, no worry,” said the main honcho in charge. “No ‘tink about anyting right now. Here, now, Ray not yo friend. Just hit’em! Blast’em in da face!”
This main honcho guy looked like Bruce Lee. He’d also be my brother right now, if my mum ended up marrying his dad. My face was fine though, but I did end up with many welts all around my midsection and back and shoulders.
That was so long ago. I haven’t seen any of those guys for so many years. I think one of them is in the military, some others in jail. Yeesh. How depressing. You can still spot ex gang members on the streets or in bars. They look like they’ve been punched in the face one too many times: Features caved in and leathered.
My gangbanging days lasted all-but a week.
Was I ever initiated out?
Uh oh.

LAND, land everywhere. I walked to the back of the house. There was indeed a forest, but it was way in the distance. In between the house and the woods were a line of trees—10, 15 at most. It took many minutes for me to reach them, and my knees were already sore by the time I was halfway there. I should’ve invested in a bike. Maybe I could make my own out of wood?
There was a tree for every ‘popular’ fruit. There was a tree for apples, a tree for oranges, a tree for pears, and so forth and so forth. I climbed the apple tree and had me a little snackaroo. 
This was where I’d build my little town. It was far away enough from the house, and it wasn’t like I could use the fields anyway, not with Cakers disfiguring the land with giant pentagrams. I wanted him to proceed with his project. If he felt as alive as I did, let him go on and on doing what he was doing.
When I went to tell him about my project’s progress, he was gone. The ambulance, too.
The plough zombie was roaming about with that heavy blade, making deep zigzags in the dirt. I walked along and noticed a body down in there, half buried. It was the body of a police officer with no head. That part of him was further down the zigzag. But was it a dead zombie? 
I spun around, feeling alone.
Dread.
Where was Tranzam during all of this?
Upon further inspection, I saw that the cop’s gun was missing. I reached down with a squinty face and pulled out his wallet, reading his drivers license.
“Harold Farchild. Born July 4th, 1968,” I said to the rotting air. “Cancer, eh? I have a friend with the same sign as you. Did you know Tom Cruise is also a Cancer? You could be in his shoes right now, if this were a different reality. Oh well. Rest in peace, Har.”
I left him his money and tried my best to kick dirt over his body. I did the same with his head. Har apparently had a long mane of blond hair—all straight, like a girl’s. Was he a hippy cop?
I stood there for a moment, under the heat and the bugs.
Why wasn’t I vomiting?
Had I grown accustomed to these horrible sights?
I was changing.
Who was I now?
I had to remember to remember. I was growing. But into what? And how would it change my personality? Would I now be able to talk to girls and ask them on dates? Would I allow myself to finally learn how to drive?
What was I changing into?
I felt more alive, for one thing.
All I wanted to do now was build.
Create.
I ran off before the plough zombie in the bikini could reach me. Sticky things were in her hair. Things that were moving.
Back in the kitchen, I added more detail to my plans. A horrible thought entered my mind. What about work? My night job? I’d be late if Cakers didn’t get back before seven. I called his cell, but got no answer. Maybe he was working, picking up homeless people and dropping them off at shelters. How rude of me to interrupt him. His job was more important.
To clear my mind, I focused on my plans.
What followed was the repetitive cycle of me dragging out lumber to the construction site and walking back to the barn. By nightfall, I had many piles of many different kinds of wood, all sectioned off. I was able to transport bags of cornet as well as concrete blocks and nails and hammers and saws via an old fashioned, red wheelbarrow.
My body was exhausted, but my mind was racing.
I was shirtless, which was rare, and the cool night breeze felt good. My arms were aching and stiff. My forearms wanted to bend skyward, and I had to constantly force them down.
I felt like a man.
I get it now, I thought. I GET it.
Cakers came home at around 9pm.
The ambulance pulled up to the house and then I remembered about work. I’d never make it on time. Half of me wanted to run up to him and yell nasty things. But I ended up walking and taking out my cell phone.
No messages.
I called work and explained that I couldn’t make it because…because…my mum was in the hospital and very ill. I’d have to get back to them. It was a half a lie. The manager on the other end (years younger than me) said he hoped everything would turn out all right, and that was that.
Cakers was on the porch, rocking back and forth on a rocking chair.
“Damn. Sorry about your job. I got here as fast as I could,” he said. I could hear genuine sympathy in his voice.
“I already called them,” I said, pulling on my shirt and eyeing a zombie in the distance, walking nowhere slow. “Where’s Tranzam?”
“Eh? I don’t know. I can’t keep tabs on her. Shouldn’t, really. I must trust her, right? Let her go off. Can’t be helped. I’m fine with it, though, really I am. She hasn’t died yet.”
“I wanted to ask her about that dead zombie.”
“Now which one is it?”
“You mean more are dead?”
“Just one other. I was cleaning the ambulance when I heard a loud popping sound. I went around to the side of the house and saw a clown zombie, resting on a pile of balloons. It was sitting down, not moving…and its face had a big ol’ hole in it. I don’t know what happened. Swear.”
“Did you smell anything weird?”
“You mean besides putrid meat?”
“I mean like gunpowder.”
“Sorry. No.”
We waited for Tranzam as long as we could, then we went into the house and locked all the doors and shut all the windows. I tool one final peek outside. The zombies were all standing, not moving. Don’t they ever get tired? I won’t be surprised if I still find them like this in the morning.
That night, I tried to have an Out of Body Experience, or OBE. It’s simple and hard at the same time. There are many ways to go about getting it, but here’s the easiest way. While in bed, when you’re totally relaxed, try to imagine your big toe. Now feel—I mean really feel—it tingling. Move that vibration up through your body, all the way up to your head. And voila! You’re on your way.
My problem was I kept falling asleep. It worked before, but that was many moons ago.
Something hard hit my bedroom window, and I bolted up with a sharp yelp. Cakers came running in with a shotgun, face sweaty, hair a mess and all sticking up in sharp edges.
I screamed.
“What was that noise?”
Cakers put his hand on my face.
“All is well. I have a shotgun. Peace be with you.”
“And also with you.”
Something crashed through the window and rolled across the floor, right into Cakers’ feet. 
It was a zombie’s head, mouth opening and closing, spitting up worms. It was smiling.
Cakers jumped back and yelled and kicked it back out the window.
“Who is down there?” Cakers screamed. “Show yourself, murderer!”
I slipped my pants on with both feet and followed him downstairs. There were weird sounds all around us—whooshing sounds, buzzing sounds, laughing sounds, moaning sounds, banging sounds, and even vroops! 
We rushed out the front door, Cakers with his shotgun and me with a catoninetails I found under the sink earlier. What we saw blew up our brains.
Witches.
Four of them, on brooms and wearing pointy black hats, all cackling. They flew around and were attacking the zombies, banging into them and decapitating them.
The witches saw us and stopped laughing.
Cakers gave out a horrified shriek, much like a girl’s, and shot at them. I yelled with him, pointing at the witches as they zigged this way and that, avoiding the blasts.
“There!” I instructed. “No! There! No! There! No! There! No! There! Arrrrrrrrrrggghhh!”
Cakers just kept on firing. He was crying.
“G-G-God, help our poor souls! Witches are real! Real, I tell you! REAL!”
“Wahahahaha!” went the witches. “Wahahahah, fools! We witches are obese with magic and are unstoppable!”
They flew to us and pulled out fat, curved swords that they must’ve had delivered from India. They were swinging them around and around and acting like race horse jockeys, whacking imaginary horse buttocks. 
“Eye-yayayayayaya!” they hollered. 
“We are overweight with magical power! Bow down, pansies, to our ways!” said one.
As they zeroed in on us, their faces became clear.
Such hideous beasts: They were old and moldy in their black cloaks. Their eyes were yellow with tiny, black dots.
One of the witches was towing a body via rope. The dead man’s arms and legs swung around, knocking off zombie heads and hitting birds.
I gripped Cakers’ arm.
“Oh, Jesus, JESUS! Look, look!”
“Eh?!” Cakers said, reloading his weapon.
“It’s Queen Pro Amm!” I cried in disgust. “Queen!”
She was dragging her husband’s corpse—Yucrain’s corpse.
“Queen!” I said, stepping forward. “Remember us…now!”
It was no use. She was laughing like a crazy person, threatening us with that fat sword of hers. Cakers and I jumped out of the way as they flew right into the house, messing the place up. They were smashing dishes. We stood outside and looked in as their silhouettes zoomed from room to room in amazing speed. Papers were flying around in my room under all that wicked, canned laughter.
“Get out from there!” I demanded. “Be gone, witches! Queen! Queen, how could you?!”
Cakers held me back.
“Queen is no more, boy. She’s a far-gone loon.”
The four witches flew back out. 
I stepped in front of Queen before Cakers could put his mitts on me.
“Queen! Stop this insanity, right this instant!”
She grinned and giggled and made to run me over. My face burst. Cakers kicked me out of the way right as Queen zoomed by with a vooooot!
Cakers was all up in my face.
“Be reasonable!” he begged.
Queen came swooping in to give it another go. She had her yellow eyes on me. Cakers stood in front of me. He had his ice picks out, ready to stab. Queen yelled in joy and came at him at full speed. Cakers stepped to the side and held onto Yucrain’s arms. Queen snarled and came to a dead stop, trying to wiggle Cakers off.
It was like watching a sad fool on a mad bull.
Cakers gave out a screech and let go and flew onto the ground. He was groaning and touching his back. I ran over and helped him up, saying, “Thank you! Thank you!” over and over.
The witches hovered before us. The leader witch—the ugliest one of them all with those rotted teeth and that lazy eye—spoke with an accusing finger aimed right at us.
“You, who have no right using OUR magic, must pay, pay, PAY!”
Cakers threw his hands up.
“I’m sorry!” he said, getting on his knees. “Forgive and forget? Hrmm?”
The witch looked at me, drooling and merry.
“And you, fool?”
I straightened my spine.
“Leave us be, wench! Poof! Be gone!”
The witch flew back, shocked. She struggled to gain control of her broom, backing up into the other witches.
They complained.
“Whaaaa?!” the leader witch said, eyes wide. “You dare??” 
There was lightning for some reason. My legs were shaking, but I refused to show fear in my voice. We could die right now. Might as well try to be a man. Better time than any. The wind began to pick up, and it quickly turned into something mighty.
“Anyone can use magic!” I was yelling through the gust. “Anyone can use energy for whatever, whenever, and however they choose!”
One of the other witches—an old crone with a dripping black hole in place of a nose—flew up front and ogled down at me.
“Why you…” she said, hitting me on the head with her broom in big taps. “I’ll blow your throat up! I was in the middle of an important spell before you leeches drained my power! I was going to have a husband! Now the spell’s ruined, and now I’m so lonely! Do you have any idea how it feels to be lonely? You rat!”
I pushed her away.
“You can’t drain energy. There’s enough for everyone.”
The witches threw their heads back and laughed so loud we had to cover our ears.
“Amateur!” said the leader witch. The four of them were all in a line then, bobbing. Queen yanked out the ice picks from Yucrain’s eye sockets and threw them to the ground like darts. She didn’t recognize us at all. “Ignorant amateurs!” went the leader witch. “We will not have our powers drained by a couple of idiotic hacks!”
They flew around and around us, generating a mini tornado. Our clothes picked up, and Cakers was screaming. I covered my eyes from all the dust. 
“Now don’t move,” they all said in unison, raising their swords. “This will hurt very, VERY much! Hawhawhawhaw!”
Queen yelled out.
“Gadzooks!”
Yucrain was all over her, moaning and tugging.
“Holy shit!” said Queen, losing control of her broom. “His fingers are in my hair! Oh, Jesus, get this thing off of me!”
She was plowing into the other witches, sending them bouncing off the house in yelps. 
Yucrain pulled on Queen’s clothing, driving her mad. The zombie made to bite her.
“Brains!” he says. “Braiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinssss!”
Queen slapped him away, cautiously, as if touching a disgusting thing.
“You gross bastard! I knew it was a mistake!”
They were all swooping here and there, all out of control. They were low. Too low. The zombies below snatched at their feet, digging their fingers in like bear traps. They flew into the air.
One of the witches whined, “It won’t let go of my foot! Aiiiiiiiiiiiiii! What sorcery is THIS?”
The witch with no nose protested, “We are no match for this—at least not today! We must flee, Gargantuon! Flee, I tell you! FLEE!”
The leader of the coven of witches, Gargantuon, flew over us and kept going.
“Weeeee’lllll beeeee baaaaaack!” she bellowed.
They were all far in the distance, all against the moon and struggling with the zombies at their feet.
I fell to my knees.
“I’m still here. I’m still alive! ALIVE!”
I was weeping and laughing at the same time, my hands to my face in claws and pulling down skin. I looked like I was melting and sounded like I was hyperventilating.
Cakers crawled to the ice picks like a man on an icy lake. He held the instruments, kissing them and thanking God for all his miracles.
Tranzam ran up to us.
“What were those things?! Are they the ones killing the zombies?”
We stopped our sniveling…looked at each other with round, glossy eyes…then to her.
Lightning again.
Then rain.

CAKERS was furious.
We were all in the kitchen, looking around at the mess. Cakers picked up a dish and threw it against a wall. He jumped up and down, beating his hands against his chest.
“Those witches! I’ll eat them out!”
I cleaned up a bit with a broom.
Tranzam shook her head.
“All this because you did some hocus pocus?”
Cakers whipped his head to her and snarled.
“It’s my RIGHT.” He stormed about. “I'm so mad right now! They can’t stop me from fulfilling my dreams! My wishes! My happiness! I have to stop them witches before it’s too late, before they ruin everything. Those weird fiends!”
I was careful not to step on broken glass.
“Where would a witch live?”
Tranzam stepped forward.
“I was in town earlier, when I heard something that may help.”
Cakers raised an eyebrow.
“What were you doing in town? Running for mayor?”
“Town drunk.”
“I can smell all your voters. I'm guessing you won.”
“I was depressed and wanted to drink my woes away.”
“I won't judge you.”
“Don't judge me!”
“I'm not.”
“Don't lie.”
“Can I sit?”
“Just say you're sorry.”
“You're sorry.”
They hugged. I applauded. Cakers smiled at Tranzam.
“Now please...proceed with your precious words of vital information.”
“Like I was saying,” Tranzam sniffed, “I'm in town, at the saloon, having my little morning drink, when this salesman strolls in. He walks up to everyone at the bar, trying to sell them those little drops that make your toilet smell all flowery after you defecate. He chats with an old lady right next to me. She tells this interesting story about how her intestines are all out of whack because some witches put a spell on her. And all because she ran over a black cat with her scooter. It was a sad, gross sight, she says. And then this aging dame starts crying and whatnot, blowing her nose on her forearm and asking God why he doesn't help her. Irritated, the bartender tells that salesman, ‘Hey, buddy, if you're not gonna buy anything, then gets the hell out. Please? I have paying customers here, and I can’t have them weeping. It disturbs me.’ The salesman agrees and asks the elderly woman where the witches are hiding out. He believes he can sell many units of his product to them because in his experience, witches stink. The old woman gives him a stern look and says they live in the old amusement park.”
That’s all Cakers has to hear.
He is out the door before I can say, “I love amusement parks.”

WE took the muscle zombie with us. Cakers insisted. The beast could be useful. We taped her mouth shut to keep her quiet and strapped her to a chair in the back of the ambulance. We had to be careful. She was strong. To cover her stench throughout the ride, Tranzam constantly sprayed the dead woman with perfume—something from the Victoria’s Secret catalogue—that stung my eyes and nostrils. I kept my mouth closed. It was worth it, though. Better this than that sweet, horrid odor of decay.
And what was this secret? Is it that women spread tissue paper over the water in toilet bowls to silence various splashes?
C'est la vie.
It took us ten minutes to get there. We turned off the headlights and parked the ambulance in front of a cardboard cut-out of a bald muscleman. He had a mustache and held up a dumbbell with one mighty hand. He was winking at us, giving us a thumbs up. We kept the zombie in front of us at all times, encouraging her on by poking her in the back with a tree branch. The beast didn’t seem to mind.
Vines were on all the booths, and we had to step over bushes many times. A large sign out front read: The Greatest Place in the World 1941. What went wrong with this park? Maybe the attack on Pearl Harbor had something to do with it. All the signs squeaked with the wind.
“We should have brought flashlights,” Tranzam said.
Cakers waved her away.
“Better this way. Now we can get the jump on them.”
A flash of me making love to Queen The Witch stung my brain. I shut my eyes and shook the image out. Get a grip, man. Don’t mate with evil. 
We walked by a stand that sold hotdogs. There were three hot dog warmers inside. A rat ran on one like a treadmill. Disgusted, Tranzam picked up a rock to throw at it, but I stopped her.
“Let it go on with its exercise. Something about it seems so familiar. Almost human.”
Tranzam eyed the area and saw a pool, covered by a trapdoor. She threw the rock at the bell above it. It went DONG! and scared away the birds sleeping inside the pool. They flew into walls and flopped on the ground for a bit before getting their heads together and taking off. They flew through the trapdoor and into the pool.
“Shhh!” Cakers said, finger to his lips. “If you can’t shut up, then leave.”
“Sorry,” Tranzam said. “Don’t get your panties in a bunch.”
We both laughed. 
Cakers picked up a handful of stones and threw them at us.
“Shhh!” he said again. “You fiends.”
We walked on, looking around corners and into booths. The place smelt like burnt hair. We were close. We all knew it—could feel the bad vibrations rattling our bones. Common sense shouted at me to vamoose! Skedaddle! Cakers was right. We had to fight—fight to defend what was ours—our birthright. The abundance of energy.
Discarded, black baby carriages littered the place—all standing upright and ready. What happened here? I thought. It looks like people just up and left. And maybe that’s just what they did. Maybe that’s what we should be doing right now.
Then…a yelp.
Cakers was backing up in big steps, his arms out, fingers twitching.
It was Yucrain, walking like a clichéd zombie with his arms held out in front of him. He was licking his lips—eyes nuts and locked on us.
“Get him off me,” Cakers begged. “Before it’s too late!”
Tranzam and I scooped up handfuls of pebbles and pelted the beast, but it was no good. It only enraged Yucrain further.
“Brains,” he blathered. “Braiiiiiiiiiins!”
Parts of his face fell off with each word. How long had he been like this? How long had Queen kept him alive for whatever carnal pleasure? How many months, years has it been???
Yucrain stumbled on a passing rat and fell on his face.
His head blew up, echoing down the maze of red-and-white-striped tents.
We all ducked as bits and pieces of goo rained on the tents. Much of it covered our muscle zombie. She staggered about, wiping the mess off her face. The tape over her mouth was soaked and peeled off. Our zombie groaned in disgust.
Interesting. Gore from her own kind repulsed her.
I could have sworn I heard her whimper the word Yuck.
The wind kicked up. Tents flapped. Paper cups took off and flew about. I listened through the gust: “Ooh-ooh-ah-ah.” There were monkeys nearby.
“There are monkeys nearby!” I said, scared. “If there’s one thing I hate more than chickens, it’s monkeys. God save us all!”
Laughter now.
Crazy witch laughter. 
It was all around us and swirling—all high above.
Cakers crawled toward us. His face was wide and sweaty. He was salivating.
“No, no! I hear theeeeem,” he said. “Now what do we do?”
“Fool!” I said, “This is your mess…you being so bent on vengeance.”
He flung his hands to his mouth and bit his nails, his eyeballs looking around and around. The ears were moving up and down, listening. He looked like a rodent.
“They’ll kill us! They’ll cook us and eat us and feed our life-giving bits to the spiders! Gadzooks!” 
I wanted to say something to soothe him. This was too much for him—for me. I was looking at a mirror. It was time to take him by the belt and drag Cakers back home.
Tranzam slapped him.
Cakers fell on his back, and he stayed there as he spoke. He was calm.
“Thank you,” he said. “Oh, Tranzam, thank you so much. You know how to make me think like a man again.” He sat up and slapped a stern hand on our shoulders. “Take hold of something. Be ready. Let’s hide.”
We told our zombie to keep quiet and shoved her into a tent, then we looked around for weapons. Tranzam found a fat, wooden mallet and hid in a cotton candy booth; Cakers found a whip in a dusty baby carriage and hid in the pool, shooing away the birds; and I got an abandoned pogo stick and jumped in the House of Mirrors, peeking out. 
The witches flew down on their brooms, giggling. A monkey army was following them. They marched as they looked around. Quiet.
“They’re here—somewhere. I can smell their nutrients,” said Queen. She walked around Yucrain. I could see that she was crying…that she was trying to hide her face from the others. “You bastard,” I read her lips. “We had love. Real love, damn you.”
When their leader asked what she was doing, Queen sniffed and whipped her eyes and gave Yucrain a hard kick.
“Burying the past,” she said. “Have you found those cockroaches?”
Gargantuon stood still.
“They’re hiding,” she said, sniffing and licking the air like a snake. Her tongue went in and out and in and out—lick, lick, lick. She pointed to everyone. “Queen, Endgrat, Oslong, go into the tents and find the vermin. I’ll search around here. They won’t get away.” She spun around. “You hear me, swine! We’ll yank your buns over your heads and drink the spills!”
Then Endgrat, the one with no nose, said, “I’ll eat your obliques, varmint! And use your neck as a waste basket! Questions?” 
Gargantuon kicked the monkeys.
“Get a move on, you silly bleeders! So useless! I can’t believe I saved you all from that rogue tractor. Are you even listening to me?! I’m not paying you bananas to stand around and touch your southern lands. GET!” She kicked at them again, and they cried out in fear, scattering.
Queen said, “I really wish you’d be nicer to them.”
She got no response.
The witches hopped on their brooms and slowly went about their search, eyeing the scene with squinty eyes. Their pointy hats went left and right with the wind. Oslong, who always had a surprised and happy look on her face, flew toward the pool. Endgrat came right for me. I jumped back into the tent, shaking, sweating, praying—trying my best to contain my bladder. Did she smell my nutrients? Did she know?
I ran back through the dark. The mirrors made me tall and fat and even thinner as I sneaked by. I got down on all fours and crawled out from the tent. A monkey was staring at me. The beast was on its hind legs, pointing at me. Then it screeched.
“OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!”
The monkey threw a banana at me, and I ran back inside the tent, right into Endgrat, knocking her off her broom. Her hat and wig slid off, revealing a shiny skull. She was surprised, clawing the ground for her coverings. The broom kicked to life and zoomed toward me. I jumped in the air, somehow doing the splits again, and the broom flew through the tent, leaving a burning hole.
The monkeys were singing then, sounding like a fanatical, irritating alarm. I ran out of the tent. The broom was flying into the monkeys. One of the beasts was on it, weeping and waving its arms in the air. The broom then went up, up into the air, and the monkey fell into the awaiting arms of its fellow mates.
They crawled around, moaning with stars in their eyes. I smiled and ran up to them, shaking my fist.
“Ah-ha! That’s what you get for throwing poop at human babies!”
The broom flew down and gave me a good wallop on the old noodle, and I hit the ground on my bullocks. The monkeys were all over me, biting my back and slapping my spread thighs.
“Mercy!” I begged. “I see the error of my ways! Darwin was right!”
The monkeys stopped and looked at each other. One of them climbed my belly and stared into my eyes, then kissed me with those flat, smoochy lips. I think there was tongue. But I was safe, that was the point. The monkeys danced away, hollering with their arms waving in the air, wrists limp. 
Cold hands slapped around my face. I turned around to face Endgrat. She spat in my face and picked me up by my head. My neck creaked and my feet boogied in the air. I tried punching her in the nose, but it was like punching a pillow full of water. My fists bounced off. She laughed and threw me into the air, onto the top of a tent.
I sat up, dizzy.
“Cakers! Tranzam! Save me!”
The witches were all in front of me, brooms humming. Endgrat was on Oslong’s broom, holding her from behind. Queen was shaking her head, looking away. Gargantuon came close.
“Now…you will see our true power.”
She opened her mouth and her tongue zipped out, flying right through my lips. Her tongue tied around my tongue and I became weak. I went on my palms, trying to vomit. I was losing consciousness. I kept hearing the sound of a broken record—a maddening scratching sound—over and over in my mind. I forced my eyes open to make sure they weren’t planning anything else awful. The tongue in my mouth was long and stretched, and it was glowing green, then blue, then white.
Was she sucking my aura?
“N-n-n-awww,” I said. “Shhh-toppp!”
Gargantuon threw her head back, then forward, then back again and laughed. This was the funniest thing in the world to her. She just kept at it, taking breaks to breathe. The more I begged, the more she loved it. Her laugh came out in sick gagging sounds. Spit shot out in tiny sparkles against the moon.
I closed my eyes and fell to my side. Her tongue shook my head. I just wanted to go to sleep. Just let me sleep. All day. Every day. I don’t care anymore. Death sounds good. If this is dying, I’m all for it. Quiet. This is better than suffocating in so much smoke. I’m flying now. Leaving. Going up. Up. Up. Up…
Then a shot of life went through me like lightning, and my eyes sprang open.
I grabbed the tongue and yanked it out, along with a whole mess of blackish blood that splats all over the camera, shocking the audience.
That damn tongue was out of my mouth. It was out!
“Bloody hell!” I screamed.
Cakers and Tranzam were dangling off Gargantuon’s broom, pulling her down.
“Unhand me!” she cried. “This isn’t happening!”
Cakers grabbed her calf muscle and gave a strong yank. Gargantuon hit the ground the wrong way, bones snapping. “This is NOT happening to me right now! No, no!”
Cakers had her by the neck.
“Prattle on if you must,” he said, jabbing her in the eyes repeatedly with his first finger. She was crying, hands useless.
The other witches surrounded Tranzam. I looked around trying to figure out a way off the tent.
Then I heard the most beautiful sounds in the world.
“Ohh-ooh! Ahh-ahh!”
The monkeys! Those angels! They were all over the witches—bonking them with large mallets and gnawing on them and sticking their tongues in their ears. Tranzam joined in and screamed a battle cry and closed her eyes, punching whatever was unfortunate enough to get to close to her swinging fists of fury. She looked like a windmill.
Endgrat and Oslong, bodies’ pliable from the beatings, took off, leaving Queen to fend all by her lonesome.
She was looking up at me.
“Raym! I remember! I remember!”
The monkeys had already made up their minds. They clobbered her so many times. I screamed out and jumped down into a pack of baby carriages. I was sent rolling toward the animals. “Charge!” I said, pointing and mad. 
I ran them over. Then I jumped out and kicked them away. They looked at me, weeping as I cradled Queen’s limp body. She was wet. 
“How could you!” I said to the beasts. “This one’s mine! No banana shall harm her, lest it be mine.”
The monkeys bowed their heads in shame and walked away…one at a time…into the dark tents.
Gargantuon was on the ground, maybe dead, maybe sleeping. The monkeys grabbed her broom, trying to figure out how to work it.
I dragged Queen by the waist. Tranzam stood in my way, but I backed right into her and kept going, not making eye contact.
“Where do you think you’re going with that…with that Goddamn witch!?”
“She’s right,” Cakers said. “Have you lost your marbles, boy? She tried to kill us. She tried to kill YOU.”
They were in front of me now. I looked over my shoulder. I was close to the ambulance. Tranzam kicked at Queen’s feet.
I shot her a stern look.
“Stop that at once!” 
“You’re not taking this wanker to the farm!” she said, grabbing Queen’s feet.
“Let go of her feet, stupid,” I said, still dragging her.
Tranzam tugged.
“We have to kill her,” she said. I could see a hint of a smile as she said it. Was she serious? Did she say it just to enrage me further?
Cakers was thinking.
“No,” I said to Cakers. “We can’t murder her.”
“I agree,” he said. “She has done so much for us.”
Tranzam threw Queen’s feet down.
“Madness! She’ll wake up and slaughter us all like hogs! Pleeeeeaaassssse,” she begged. “Let’s be reasonable.”
I took the opportunity and dragged Queen even faster toward the ambulance. The two didn’t bother to follow. Their voices echoed throughout the amusement park.
“She’s his responsibility now,” he said. “I’ll have my Rambo knife on me at all times. I suggest you do the same.” Tranzam made to interrupt, but Cakers was quicker. “If she wakes up and acts retarded, I’ll be the first to slice her throat out. If she turns out to be normal and reasonable, we’ll get her to pay rent…more than usual, seeing how she made to kill us and drink our goods. I used to owe this lady. Now she owes ME. Do yourself a favor, and think of things to buy.”
Tranzam seemed to like the idea. Cakers put a loving hand on her cheek.
“I’ll split her shillings with you.”
I dragged Queen into the van, and as we drove off, we could see the monkeys standing on the road, their eyes glowing as the headlights hit them. They stepped aside, saluting us. One was saluting with both hands. I stuck my head out the window.
“Rest now, young warriors! Youngblood!” I said to them. “Your home is here now. Amen.”
The monkeys ran into the amusement park. They were going to do sensible things to Gargantuon. It was fair.
I could tell that they were so merry.
I smiled, making peace with them.
No more hate.

AT the end of my rope (or the tip of that witch’s tongue, as it were), I had given up. What was the matter with me? Was I so weak? I never really believed it. I always thought I had some sense of worth—even through all the blather. We’re not physical beings having a spiritual experience, we’re spiritual beings having a physical experience. Spirits in disguises. Like Transformers. And was my spirit—this real me that runs my heart, that controls my dreams, that knows more about ME than my logical brain—was it tired? Had it given up? “Damn it, Johnny, your car’s busted. No use repairing’em now.” Was that it?
I pounded the dashboard. 
“BLAHHH!”
Cakers struggled to gain control of the ambulance.
“What’s happening?!”
I screamed more.
“Blahhhh! Blahhhhhhhh!”
Tranzam ran to the front.
“I’m awake now! What’s all the hubbud?!”
“I’m not broken!” I said. “I’m worth every penny!”
The ambulance swerved, almost hitting a stray dog with no tail. Eventually, Cakers was able to set it straight…right after Tranzam put me in a headlock.

BEING lazy is just so damn relaxing. Sleep follows, and next thing you know, you’re sleeping more and more—longer and longer hours. It’s normal to sleep 10 to 14 hours. It takes a toll on your body: You feel weak the whole day. Dead. Nothing is real. 
And then…and then you get bored of being bored.
Time to get busy, busy with life.
God…I’m wasting myself.
Wasting away and away.
Forgetting. Forgotten.
“…No,” he says.

THE sun rose, and it felt like my eyes were exploding behind their lids. I rolled over and look at Queen. She was still next to me, staring at me. There was a long silence before a rooster outside gave its call. Tranzam was chasing it, yelling at it.
“Come here, if you know what’s good for you!” she said, voice tired.
Queen looked indifferent.
“It’s a cold morning.”
“Yes. It’s freezing cats and dogs.”
“You saved me,” she said. “I was going to kill you.”
“I’m glad you didn’t.”
“They must’ve done something to me…those witches. I don’t know what they did to me. I came to them for help, for guidance, next thing I know, I’m traveling the globe and rescuing monkeys and creating an army—all for Gargantuan, our leader. She promised us things—wonderful things. We were going to save the world. We were going to exterminate the wicked. They were wasting energy—such precious energy. We would make good use of it,” she said. “We were gathering as much energy as we could. We wanted to—our leader wanted—to transform these monkeys into a master race of evolved humans. They would rule the world for us for many years. We wouldn’t be around, understand? Because we had plans to build a spaceship and fly off into outer space and explore the other planets. We would expand our knowledge. We would be friendly with aliens and bring them back to earth…repopulate.”
“What would happen to the monkeys?”
“We’d eat them, of course,” she shrugged. “Such fine, intelligent meat they would have. Gargantuon promised us all of this with a smile. There was always something weird about her. Like she was hiding something. There were times when I’d walk into her room to ask a question, and she’d throw clanking things into her closet and spin around and yell, ‘What do you want from me!? Don’t be rude, knock next time!’ She was very strange. But she was caring, too. She’d feed us beef. Ahh, such tasty stew. It always put me to sleep. I wondered why I always had bruises in the mornings. Oh, well. Can’t be helped.”
“You didn’t recognize me at all. It made me sad.”
“I remember the day we decided to fly to this farm and kill you all. When you two ran out, all I saw were crazy people. That night, when I was sleeping in one of the park tents, Yucrain broke from his ropes and tried to eat my back, and that’s when I began to remember the love we shared such a long time ago. I began to remember you, too. Everything fell into place. I thanked Yucrain by kissing him on the lips—after I knocked him out with a sock full of pennies—and opened my mind to more memories as I made sweet love to him. Gargantuon had tried to erase me. I vowed to kill her in the morning, but when I woke up, I was standing in the middle of a fight! Monkeys were beating me! Where had my day gone? I couldn’t remember. Had she strolled into my room and spoon-fed more of her mind-altering beef past my lips? Blast her! Come to think of it, I wonder where that beef came from.”
“Try not to think of it.”
“I hope it wasn’t monkey meat.”
“Bless them for beating you back into sanity.”
“If it wasn’t for you kind folks, I would still be under her spell. Mahalo.”

I SPENT the day building my town. I showed Queen my plans, and she helped as much as her old body would allow. She needed the exercise, she admitted. I was impressed. As we carried lumber, I happened to see her eyes. They were full of life—eager to live. This, I thought, is a great worker…one with a clear goal. Without goals, one’s future is a mess.
As the day went on, I asked if she would help carry bags of concrete.
“Yes,” she said. “I will.” And did.
Later, I asked if she would help me carry some shovels.
“Yes,” she said. “I will.” And did.
I asked if she would help me paint some walls.
“Yes,” she said. “I will. And did that, too.
On our break, she had something on her mind.
“When I look in the mirror,” she said, “I don’t fully understand what looks back. I feel like I’m in a dreadful disguise. A disguise of wrinkles and sagging skin. When I close my eyes I still see the vibrant me at 25. I still feel the energy working my body. But the outside tells the world different. It lies. And no one knows the truth because everyone’s superficial.
“I know the truth,” I said. She smiled, not looking at me, and we finished our cheese sandwiches.
We worked for days, with nights reserved for my nighttime job back at the mall. One night, after Cakers picked me up and drove me back, we saw corpses of zombies littering the fields. What had happened? No one—not Queen—had any idea. Had the witches come back? Queen told us not to worry. She made a large pentagram days ago, on the ceiling of the barn with a chicken’s spit, to protect us. If those pesky witches set a big toe on the land, they’d get an electrical shock, and all their insides would come rushing out of their mouths. Queen assumed that they would have already figured she would try this. Why test their luck? Having your innards was important. Useful. Even for a witch.
Tranzam was nowhere to be found. But this was normal.
Maybe we had to feed the zombies?
From that day on, Cakers gave them bits of chicken to nourish them. They seemed happy. Still, we ended up finding bodies. Odd. When we were able to question Tranzam about this mystery, she got all fussy and stormed out. We had shamed her. How could we accuse one of our own of such a weird act?
Again, she was gone for a bit.
I passed the time—and drowned my worries of work and purpose—by constructing my little town. The idea of being a mayor was exciting. I could show these zombies how to live. Besides, I had all the answers to life. Don’t we all?
I had a plan, and we carried out each phase with the tiniest detail in mind. Nothing was to be missed. There was no room for sloppiness.
By the time we were done, we had ten one-story houses and a church. There were two rows of five houses, all facing each other. The church was at the end, looking over the town. It was the heart.
When Cakers saw the place, he asked how we managed to hold everything together. Buildings were lopsided, doors were twisted, some rooms were large, more rooms were cramped, and each rooftop was a different shape. I said that we had used a lot of duck tape and nails and even more duck tape. Cakers said the village looked like something a German expressionist would have made…or maybe the set designer from The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. He clapped in approval and treated us to beers. I was flattered. I had once, in my youth, wanted to be an architect. Now that goal was complete. 
Now it was time for a new one.

THE next morning, we set out to gather all the zombies. We got pitchforks and roamed the scene, prodding the zombies along, toward the barn. Cakers set a radio on the porch, blasting classical music. The news came on. Sarah Palin’s church burned down. No one was hurt. My heart dropped. What devil would do such a thing? People were against her, for sure. But to burn down a church? It was repulsive.
“Good for her,” Cakers said.
I wanted to tell him off. Did he know her? No, he didn’t. So why say ‘Good that her church is no more’? 
I watched Cakers as he worked, assembling zombies. He was angry. Something else was driving him. He seemed desperate for something. Angry.
He repelled me.
I did my work as far from him as possible. Whenever he yelled a question at me, I smiled and yelled back. No need to make him angrier. No need to stoop down to his level. Did he really mean what he said about her church? Maybe he was joking. Maybe it was Tranzam, getting on his nerves again. Where was she? If she was murdering cows again, she better stay away. I don’t want the fuzz ruining this place of peace and reconstruction.
I hadn’t slept all night. As the others snored and dreamt, I was up, digging a moat around the town. I decided to call the place Nightingale, after my mentor from beyond the grave, Earl Nightingale.
Fast forward.
We had made a cheap funnel-shaped fence out of large pieces of cardboard and forced the zombies through, over the moat and into the town. It was Queen’s job to make sure they didn’t fall through. Many of the zombies were looking up, openmouthed, tongues sticking up, vibrating at an impressive rate. Some of them did break though and strayed into the forest behind the town. We were quick to throw nets on them. Running was a chore. Our meal of bacon and duck meat made us sleepy.
Cakers shoved the last goon into the town.
We pulled the plank from over the moat.
Some zombies stood at the edge of the town, staring at us with creepy crawlies falling from their mouths. Then they turned around and explored the grounds. I watched in amazement as many of them—maybe by instinct—casually went into their ‘homes’. Soon, they all did this.
The ‘streets’ were empty.
Everything was quiet.
Cakers leaned over the moat.
“What just happened?”
I scratched my scalp. Leaves were in my hair.
“I guess they’re sleeping,” I said. “Let’s not wake them.”
As we walked away, I looked over my shoulder.
Not one of the zombies went into the church.
Why? Were they afraid? Did they even know what it was? They occupied each house…except for this one building.
I had modeled it with an image in mind: A small church in the middle of a country desert—one floor with a high ceiling and a long walkway toward the altar. I couldn’t afford stained glass windows, so I duplicated them by overlapping sheets of colored dividers—the kind you find in folders—over and over again, then taped them together to make large windows. The hardest part was depicting acts from the bible. I took certain liberties, of course: A UFO snatching a disciple of Jesus into the clouds, aliens helping to build the pyramids, the human spirit driving a human body like a car, God in the shape of a woman-man-tree-cat-dog-lion-computer thing, amongst other windows. It radiated an impressive aura. Kids were round it, merry. Under its bare foot was an old man in a white beard and a white dress, shaking an angry fist. All this action in one window. 
It was the main window, at the front of the church, symbolizing how universal energy is in everything, even a computer. Especially a computer. I was so fond of this window, that I rigged a large light behind it. 
The beautiful, multi-colored window glowed throughout the night and across the field. Queen said she could see it from her window…and that it was beautiful.

I WOKE up to moaning and a loud crash. Mad screams. Terrible auras. Tranzam was home, and Cakers was none too happy to see her. I got up and stood by my bedroom door. Queen was already out of her room. We both looked down the stairs, listening.
Cakers: “Always out, always out! NOW you come home? Why so mysterious? Do you think you’re funny? Does this impress you? Seeing me like this?”
Tranzam: “Thou shall bare witness to the coming of the new Lord.”
Cakers: “What in blue blazes are you blathering about, wench?? It’s four in the morning!”
Tranzam: “Do ye wish to enter the new land? The Heaven many have spoke of? Do ye yearn to explore the galaxy? Eh??”
Cakers: “You’ve gone totally sideways, man. You and I are done, professionally.”
Queen’s eyes were wet. She tried her best to hide her face from me, but she still wanted to listen. I wanted to hear, too. As awful and bizarre as it all was, I wanted to see how this ended. Maybe I’d learn something. The more someone complains, the more you learn about them. I had to be ready. Had to protect myself. Get educated.
Tranzam sounded like she was storming about, knocking over chairs.
Tranzam: “Leave this place! Be gone, fool! Beware the new day!”
Cakers: “Blathering blatherskite. You speak to me in that disobedient tone one more time and you are out. OUT! Comprende, mon cheri?”
Then, a door slamming.
Then silence.
I went back to sleep…I mean, tried to. I was visibly shaken. All that yelling. All that confusion. What to make of it all? Was this normal for a couple? Was Cakers ever going to find peace with her? With love and lovemaking? With life? Maybe this was why he was acting so strange—so upset at the world. He handled it before…but I guess there really is only so much a human can take before the great snap comes. One strike…two strikes…three strikes…you’re out!
SNAP.
How awful.
How disgusting.
How terrifying.
I hoped it never came to that. Nothing is worse than seeing your fellow man break. Some are weak. We have a responsibility to pick them up—to show them the straight line. My heart was beating fast. I got out of bed, took in a deep breath, and went downstairs.
Cakers was on the ground, on his rear, looking at me—past me. His face was blank. His hands were gripping his elbows—locked in a cradle, swaying front and back. What was he staring at? 
Dead air.
Brain static.
I backed up and went upstairs and back into my room. 
Gone.
He was a far-gone loon.
What to expect tomorrow?



NINE


IT was good to stand in the sun. I had lived in the dark far too long in my tiny room back in Kalihi. I needed this light tan—this blast of heat. My skin vibrated and hummed. The line of trees swayed with a cool breeze. Which fruit shall I eat today? I thought. Later, I’ll stroll about my town with the town’s folk, but for now, a snack to jolt me with a bit of energy. I went for an apple, when I noticed that the nutmeg tree was looking rather odd. I walked over, apple in mouth. Someone, or something, pillaged the nutmeg tree. 
Why?
What good was nutmeg?
To the extent of my knowledge, nutmeg had something to do with honey. That was all. How do you eat and/or cook nutmeg? It was boring to me. Why someone would take the time to plant a single nutmeg tree was beyond my grasp. What a waste of time. The world needs more apple and orange trees. Nutmeg? Who gives a flying fairy about nutmeg??
I was getting angry, for some reason.
Remember your breathing. Remember how pregnant women do it. In, out, in, out. Short busts. Hee-hee-hooo…hee-hee-hoooooo.
There was a chair behind the tree—from the dining room.
I shrugged and went to Nightingale, chomping an orange. I had stuffed my pockets with so much fruit. Queen was still sleeping. Cakers ran around a field, examining its quality—ready to make yet another pentagram. This one would be twice as large as the other.
“This one will be twice as large,” he told me, “and it will solve everything. I know it. I feel it! Oh, and sorry, but I can’t tell you what it is. You understand, don’t you?”
“Of course,” I nod, and go on my merry way, toward the interesting line of fruit trees, taste buds twinkling.
I grabbed the plank and slid it back over the moat and walked over. I scanned the scene. The town was hushed. The streets were bare. Were they watching me? From their tilted windows? In the dark? Waiting for me? Some of the houses had their lights on. I had them put in to aid me while I worked at night. Curious, I thought. Did I forget to turn them off?
I strolled in…and the residents all shuffled out, ready to taste me. They had stiff knees. They had their arms held out—some to their sides. But it was the eyes that intrigued me. Their eyes. Something about them.
They were awake.
Forgotten fear shook me.
Before they could get closer, I stumbled back over the moat and yanked back the plank.
I ran toward the house as fast as my stick legs would allow—my mind, drowning.
Cakers had the harness on him now, ploughing with determination. His face showed teeth.
“Your own energy!” he said. The words came out in a struggle as he walked. “The secret to magic is your own energy, lad. This is how spells work. I get it now.” 
It felt like I heard all this before. It was hard to hear with all the blood rushing in my ears. I was struggling to breathe. The thick blade behind him snagged on a rock, and he threw the harness off and wiped his sweat. 
“Missions for the eye of a newt, the tongue of a dead baby, the ear of an eagle, the gut of a mongoose…it doesn’t matter. You can do a hundred jumping jacks—spin around and around for hours—and it’s all relevant. Whew!” he said. “I’m spent!” He raised his arm and sniffed his pit. “It’s good to stink. Now you listen to me, boy,” he said as I fought to breathe with my hands on my aching knees. “If all else fails, put some stank on it.”
I nodded and waved him away, filling my lungs with so much air. 
Then I did this:
“THEY’RE ALIVE!”
And then I passed out.

THE sun hated me when I opened my eyes. My face was melting off. Queen was fanning me, forcing a cold glass of water down my mouth via a straw. I spat it out all over her. She laughed.
“He’s awake!”
There was no response. Cakers was far off, ploughing like a crazy person. He looked over his shoulder and threw off the harness and came running.
“What is it, boy? WHAT?”
I bolted up. My hips cracked.
“Alive, I tells you!” My eyes must’ve looked passionate. “Souls…alive…all of them.”
Cakers put a sympathetic hand on my shoulder.
“Who? Who is alive?”
I leaned in and whispered.
“The zombiiiieeeessssss.”
Queen gasped, dropping the glass on Cakers’ dirty shoe. He shot up.
“You lie to me now? NOW? When I’m trying to be so positive here? How dare you?!”
I stood up, heated.
“I’m telling you, it’s true…”
“You’re a nearsighted fool, is what you are. Be gone with ye. I have work to do.”
“Souls, damn you! This is important! Are you even listening to me??”
He walked toward his plough-harness.
“I don’t have to listen to this fat craziness.”
“You will listen! You will stand there, and you will listen!”
He spun around. His hands were out to me, as if begging for water.
“What do you want from me? Huh?! What do you waaaaant?”
“Just follow me,” I said, already walking away, and I could hear Cakers mumbling as we went.
“Blasted loon,” he said. “Time is so important to me. I should not be wasted.”
Nightingale.
I pushed the plank over the moat and we all walked into the town. The zombies were in the church, sitting down, not moving. Cakers had one hand on his hip.
“Well,” he said. “So they enjoy being all together. So what, who cares?”
“Watch,” I said, and yelled out to the zombies. “Dinner time!”
There was a zombie at the altar, moaning something weird. He looked at me and came our way. It—he—was a zombie priest in white robes. He walked toward us, slow, but not in a retarded body-is-unable-to-support-my-mass way. He was being careful. His arms were to his sides, back straight, eyes…WIDE.
Cakers and Queen backpedaled.
“Je-sus,” Cakers said. “This…was…a…bad…idea.”
I stood my ground.
“Wait for iiiiit.”
The priest stopped in front of us. The zombies over his shoulder, in the church, stared back at us. They were sitting down. No one moved.
The priest’s face shrunk and he shrieked at us, blowing back my hair. The breath was…fruity. Cakers ran forward.
“Bad! Bad!”
He jumped in the air to kick the priest, but I pushed Cakers and sent him down. He jumped up and took my arm.
“You wanna fight me?! I will punch you in the mouth!”
I brushed his arm away. Tranquil. “Look at his eyes,” I said. “You look into those beautiful eyes and tell me he doesn’t have a soul.”
Cakers smirked.
“Hmph,” he said, and then looked into the zombie’s face. The skull had an eye pushed far inside. There were worms all around it. The eye looked like a beach ball at a rock concert. The zombie looked sad. A tear ran down its cheek. 
Cakers slapped his hands to his face and wept.
“No more! Too much! I can’t bear it!”
He tried to run away, crying, but I took his shoulders and held him in place. My grip was fierce.
“The eyes are like daggers,” he was complaining. He flung his head back and looked around like a blind person, eyes open and weeping, tears shooting out. “Daggers! It hurts!”
I held his wiggling body in place.
“I told you,” I said. “Now look again and believe that even a zombie has a soul. Look! I command you!”
“Yes…” he was whispering. “Yes, yes, oh God, YES.”
He took in a deep breath and leaned forward with large eyes, staring right into the zombie’s face. Queen had a hand over her mouth, nodding. I think she was smiling. Cakers and the priest stared and stared, reading and reading. The others in the church were up now and walking our way.
Their moves were slow. 
Normal.
I sighed.
“Treat them like animals…and they will act like animals.”
Cakers fell to his knees, sobbing.
The priest put a hand on his head.
Someone’s half-eaten hand.



Article from The Honolulu Reporter…

Honolulu Police Department hires own psychic! City shocked.
by Jasmenni Kolopowawski

Professional psychic Grandira Iilodray, age 13, was hired on Monday by HPD to aid in future crimes. To determine who Grandira would partner up with, HPD officers played a friendly game of karate. Lt. Krill Bardow successfully punched and kicked and threw his fellow officers to become the victor. 
Lt. Hatter Quiokert, a police officer with a bloody bandage over his face, argued that Lt. Bardow was a cheater.
“He bit me!” Lt. Quiokert said. “This isn’t the first time. Sheesh! He thinks he’s Conan! It’s no way for a cop to act. Where are we? Is this the Dark Ages? Seriously though, where are we? He gave me a roundhouse to the head pretty good. Dirty scallywag.”
Lt. Bardow paraded Grandira around town on a long leash. They signed autographs at Jungle Fun and attended the reopening of the Honolulu Zoo, closed down two months ago for renovation. A zoo spectator, Hansoned Jakoby, was ecstatic.
“What better way to reopen a zoo than with the arrival of a psychic? I honestly can’t think of anything.”
Lilla V. Vavoop, a janitor at the zoo, was not so ecstatic.
“She is the devil’s spawn,” she said, gripping her mop. “What an embracing day for Hawaii when we embarrass a witch. Wait. I mean…what an embarrassing day for Hawaii when we embrace a witch. And this Grandira is a witch, believe you me. I mean, look at her. Look at those fat, blue eyes. Those are witch eyes. Am I wrong? Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to mop myself to death. I regret nothing.”
Lt. Bardow had hope for the future of not only the police department, but the state of Hawaii.
“Soon, the islands will come to understand all of this,” he said. “It is about time we come to terms—not just with my partner’s amazing ability—but with the extrasensory ability within us all. Mahalo.”
Grandira was gracious enough to give this reporter a psychic reading. She took my hand, looked at my palm, and told me that I was going to have an infant boy. I told her that I didn’t want a boy, that I wished to have a girl, and if Grandira could do something about it. Lt. Bardow proceeded to push me out of the zoo. No amount of weeping or screaming for mercy stopped him.
Lt. Xanadu, Bardow’s unpsychic partner, could not be found for questioning. Sources claim he had been sacked days ago by Lt. Bardow in favor of Grandira.

***

SOMETHING terrible was going on.
Something was invading the darkness in front of my eyes. My limbs were frozen. A heavy fear paralyzed me. Oh God…no…not again!
The apparition was on my chest again, hovering, a large face. It seemed familiar. I had seen this face before. 
It was Krill…and another face beside him. Who is this?
I woke up, panting, scanning the dark corners of my room. It felt like someone was outside, looking up at my window. I was too afraid to check.
There was a noise. It was distant. Irritating, like a bean under your mattress. Was a drunkard driving around and around? Wait. Listen. More engines. Was it a race? Who would hold a race in the middle of nowhere? Only a lunatic could sleep through all the noise. 
I jumped out of bed and ran around the house. 
Cakers was gone—Tranzam too, of course (where was that broad?). Queen was in bed, twisting and turning…groaning something about cats and witches and dead things. The engines were growing louder. A crash? What was happening? Did one of the wankers throw up on the wheel? This was getting serious. I couldn’t have wreckage on the land. It would be a pimple on a face. And I needed SLEEP, damn it. My subconscious mind needed time to play, understand?
What to do? 
I couldn’t call the fuzz—couldn’t call the pigs—couldn’t have them snooping about. That would be foolish of me. If only Cakers was here, I thought. He’d grab a shotgun and chase those hooligans out! They were racers, for sure. Stupid kids with no goals in life, killing themselves with booze and car crashes—getting off on the ultimate high.
J.G. Ballard was right. A car crash is like an orgasm.
“Maybe I should go back to bed,” I said to myself, doing my pregnant-breathing. “Maybe this will all go away soon. Try to sleep. Get drunk, and try to sleep.”
A sharp turn near the house.
Many sharp turns and screeching tires.
Were they coming here?
Bad lord! 
I ran into Cakers’ room. He kept shotguns everywhere—on the walls, in his dresser, under his bed, in the closet, he even had a few dangling from the ceiling for easy access right out of bed. A double barrel shotgun was in the hand of a gold statue of Buddha as tall as me. I took the HEAVY weapon and ran to the front door, peeping out. Was this animal in my hands even loaded? Did I even know how to load it? Did it really matter? Maybe I’d just wave it around at the brats—scare them off. Maybe I’d hop up and down. Make monkey sounds. Act like a raving lunatic. That would do it, for sure. Who wouldn’t mind?
Honk, honk!
An ambulance pulled up. It was Cakers…followed by 10 other ambulances—all identical—all white with blaring blue and red lights. The emergency medical technicians jumped out. They were all dressed in uniform—white shirts and white gloves and black pants. They walked like musclemen and musclewomen.
I ran back up and put the shotgun back where I got it. He would absolutely FREAK if he found out I touched his things. Downstairs: The front door banged shut. Laughing. Drunk laughing. Backs were being slapped. Chairs were sliding here and there. Many strange voices. A siren screamed outside. Cakers protested and it was turned off. He was stumbling on his words. Intoxicated.
I tiptoed into my room and shut the door, pushing my dresser behind it.
I’d keep quiet.
A fly on the wall…listening…learning.
They were all outside again. I peeked over my window. They had beers in hand. What were they thinking? What was happening here? Who fed alcohol to these apes? 
Cakers walked up to the crowd and raised his hands.
It was a speech of some kind. I was too far-off to make out the words. The men and women cheered, patting each other on the back. Cakers pantomimed playing a violin, and the audience laughed. He raised his hands again…said a few garbled words…and the people cheered.
Something was up.
They formed a circle around Cakers. A man and a woman stepped in with him, exchanged a few angry looks and shook hands. The crowd opened up and the man and woman climbed into their ambulances. The crowd cheered again. Cakers reached into his pocket and revealed a red handkerchief.
“You grimy bastard,” I said. “You dare bring these pissers here to play your batty games? HERE? This place of peace?”
The ambulances took off for the main road, kicking up dust that made the crowd gag and fan the air. I pressed my forehead against the cold glass. Everyone ran after the ambulances and stopped at the gate. The two hunks of white metal drove to opposite ends of the road, the man on the left, the dame on the right. People were jumping up and down in pure excitement, some tossing confetti and glitter into the air. They were all huddled close together. Not one foot stepped past the gate.
Below me, music from some abandoned ambulance. Opera. Mean…slow…rising to its peak.
The two ambulances revved their engines—bulks shaking, swaying from side to side. Cakers raised the handkerchief, eyed the ambulances, and then dropped it. A breeze snatched it away. The beasts roared to life, wheels spinning in place, and took off.
Everyone danced and hollered. Cakers remained still. Serious.
The ambulances snarled closer…closer…CLOSER.
One of them blinked.
The male ambulance swerved. 
One second too late.
They met in front of the crowd and EXPLODED into each other. People screamed and ducked as chunks of metal squealed past. Both ambulances spun like runaway tops, creating tornadoes of dust. The man flew though his windshield and landed on the ground in a wrong way. He jumped up and ran around with his torso twisted all the way around like a broken G.I. Joe toy—then he fell, shoes and hands twitching. His ambulance spun down the road and stopped, swaying left and right. The other ambulance twirled into the fence and the woman smashed through her window and cried into the air and flapped like a mad bird. It was useless. She landed on a derelict tractor—right on the seat, bouncing. She pounded on the rusty steering wheel. Confused. In shock. Crazy.
“Waaaaahh!” she went. “WAYAAA!”
She hit her head on the steering wheel again and again. She knocked herself out and slumped in the seat, head to shoulder, tongue out and dripping.
The crowd divided and ran to these poor, stupid souls. Cakers chased after them, running up to each one, demanding his money. 
They carried the limp bodies into the house. I could hear them all downstairs, messing things up.
Mysterious ramblings. Do I know these people? Should I go downstairs and confront them—comfort them? I couldn’t move my body. I stayed in bed. Was Queen awake? Was she at her bedroom door, looking downstairs? What was running through her mind? Maybe she was dreaming about lipstick. Cakers should come in any minute now, I thought. Annnnyyyy minute now.
He didn’t.
I looked out the window.
Cakers counted his monies in the ambulance—grinning from ear to ear. Downstairs, something like a bag of meat fell hard on the ground. Someone shouted, “Watch it, watch it!” Someone else yelled, “Cool it, cool it!” A young man roared, “Wash the head to prevent infection!” A lady said, “So what, who cares?”
What the young man said bothered me so much that I sat up.
“Blood,” I whispered. Was there blood in the house? A scene crashed into my mind: Red and gooey stuff on the walls in hand prints, on the TV, on the windows, on the ceiling, on my dinner plates, etc.
Someone ran in through the front door.
“Get out of my Goddamn house!”
It was Tranzam. I stared out the window again. She was grabbing people and throwing them out. 
“Out! Out! OUT!” she demanded.
People yelled at her to be cool and to be at ease. It was no good. She threw each one of them out without a blink. I didn’t know she was so strong. Adrenaline, I thought. Amazing. Many of the EMTs were weeping and shaking and holding each other for comfort. “What are we going to do! I can’t go to jail! I don’t have the face for it!” they were complaining. Tranzam had her arms crossed. Her eyes were cold—stern.
“What good is a person who is too weak to clean their own mess?” She stomped her foot. “How dare you spill blood in my house!” she said. 
The emergency medical technicians carried the bodies out. Their white uniforms were stained with blackish blood. 
1: “What are we supposed to do with these guys??”
2: “We can’t take them to the hospital. We’ll get in serious shit! All those questions…”
3: “Please let us stay!”
Tranzam closed her eyes and shook her head.
“‘Nobody ever did, or ever will, escape the consequences of his choices.’ Alfred A. Montapert,” she said. “NOW SCRAM.”
Everyone jumped and made loud noises and scattered and carried the bodies into a single ambulance. They all zoomed off, sirens blaring, emergency lights fading…fading…vanishing into the distance. Cakes saw nothing—still counting his bills, all smiles. Tranzam opened the ambulance door and yanked him out. The money flew out of his hands, and he scrambled on his knees to snatch them, horrified.
“Creeping Jesus!” he cried out, reaching for air. His hands were clawed. Tranzam pointed at him.
“We can’t have strangers here,” she said.
Cakers stood up, still snatching money.
“What do you care? Huh? It makes no sense. You’re never home anyway.”
“You got some lip.”
Tranzam stormed into the house, while Cakers ran around for his cash. I hopped into bed. There was a soft sound downstairs, of a door opening. It all sounded very sneaky. 
She didn’t come upstairs, into her bedroom. Did she go into the closet?
Cakers ran in the house, yelling for her.
“I’m sorry,” he was saying. “I didn’t mean nothing with all the backbiting. I’m just glad you’re back, Tranzam. Honey.” He was looking around. “Honey?”
I got up and opened the bedroom door.
“Honey?” he whispered, walking here and there. A door squeaked opened. “Are you in here?”
And then I asked myself, did this old house have a basement?
Feet running. Tranzam was booming.
“Get out! Get out!” she demanded. “Spawn of Satan—of all that is reversed! Leave now!”
Cakers was stumbling, falling over furniture.
“What’s happening?!” he said. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Don’t you ever open this door! This is to remain closed at all times, in the name of Jesus! Touch this knob or may a thousand plagues be in your face!”
She sounded like a mad preacher. Where was all this coming from? Had she somehow tapped into a past life? Had a gaggle of hardcore religious fanatics from the 1950s kidnapped her? Brainwashed her good? What if the answer was yes? Good gravy. It must’ve been recently.
“Yes, okay,” Cakers said. “Just please…stay here for a bit. Stay with me. I miss you.”
“Out of my way, fool,” Tranzam said, marching off. “I have to go somewhere and think. They better not have gone out back,” she said. “YOU stay out of my special place. You will listen…if you indeed love me.”
And she was out the door, slamming it behind her. Cakers was crying. I could hear him saying things.
“What’s the matter with her?” he was asking the room. “Why is she this way?”
I knocked on Queen’s door. She opened it, eyes sore. “What’s happening? Am I dreaming this?”
“Yes,” I said. “It’s all a bad dream. It’s all a big joke. May I look out your window?”
“Why am I not surprised,” she said, stepping out of the way. The light from the church bathed the room in a rainbow of light. I was mesmerized for a second. I stepped over a broom and stared out the window. Tranzam was walking across the field. She was dragging a chair. Queen was looking over my shoulder. I looked at her with a raised eyebrow.
“Why is she going to the town?” 
Queen was looking at her.
“She’s not.”
Indeed, Tranzam was not at the town. She was at the line of trees.
“What the…” I said, leaning in.
Tranzam went right for the nutmeg tree, gathering goods and stuffing them into her pockets. She was looking around. We ducked out of sight and leaned against the wall, on our rears.
“Out of all the…” I said. “Why that one? Why not apples? She has gone overboard. It finally happened. I am now convinced 100%. She’s gone BATS.”
I could hear Cakers again, downstairs.
“Screw you!” he shouted. “I don’t need you! I don’t need anyone! I’m so strong! I have my money! I’ll buy another dame! Here’s what I think about your love.” Something crashed. “To hell with your love,” he said. “Ba! Humbug!”
The front door banged shut. The ambulance shot to life and ran off.
I walked downstairs and stood by the basement door. It was ajar, a sickly green. This was no closet. I hadn’t seen it before. Tranzam hid it by pushing that large bookcase in front of the door. I could here Queen rattling her bones. She reached out when I gripped the doorknob.
“Don’t…” she said.
I winked.
“It’s all right. I know what I’m doing?”
She frowned, and I went downstairs.
The basement had a dim glow, thanks to a couple of candles. The air was sharp with Clorox. I put my hand over my mouth as I went about. Boxes and buckets of water and dirty rags littered the place. On a long table was a setup straight from Dr. Frankenstein’s laboratory: Beakers big and small held up above flames, contents bubbling and connected to glass tubes that went to more beakers, some round, some triangular. Tiny lights blinked in a black box that emitted a light buzzing sound. Was it a Geiger counter? Sweet Jesus, was there radiation in here? Get a grip, lad. Breeeeeathe.
In a glass bowl was nutmeg.
Next to it, another bowl with a strange juice.
Liquid nutmeg…next to a pile of used needles and syringes.
Queen was screaming upstairs.
“Unhand me, wench!”
She fell down the stairs, body aching, moaning, rolling into a pile of oil stained boxes that fell all over her, spilling shirts and pants. Tranzam stormed down, jumping over the mess and landing in a squat. I yelped at the sight of her melting face. 
“Aaaarrrghghg,” she moaned, walking toward me like…like a zombie. She grew weak with each step. The jump must’ve taken a lot of energy? My feet stepped on themselves and I fell on my butt. I crawled backwards and into a grand piano. Tranzam lurched to the table and took a syringe. It fell out from her shaking hands. She dropped to her knees, weeping, searching for it. She looked at me, and my heart broke. It was still her. She was in there. I crawled over to the syringe and gave it to her, then crawled away for my life. She drove it into the front of her throat, pressing down on the plunger. 
She groaned.
“Zzaaarrrrrhhhrrggggg…” she went.
My body stiffened. Now what? I can’t move. Frozen. Scared. Like a little child.
Tranzam shook.
“Zaaatttsssss…zatss moosh bettahhh.”
She leaned against the table, struggling to breathe.
“That’s…much…better.” 
Her face was healing itself. I couldn’t believe my eyes.
“Are you dead?” I asked, standing up.
“Not anymore,” Tranzam said.
Queen was on her feet.
“How very,” she said. “What’s going on here? What is all this?”
Tranzam sat on a rocking chair, tired.
“All this nutmeg…” she sighed, “keeps us alive.”
I stepped closer. She wasn’t going to harm us—not in her state. Besides, I had saved her, hadn’t I?
“Us?”
“Yes,” she said. “The dead ones. The zombies. Nutmeg is the only thing that keeps us ticking, once we are brought back from the…um…whatever.”
Queen scratched her head.
“So you are dead! Amazing! What happens on the other side?”
Tranzam thought for a second.
“I’ll tell you what I remember. One minute I’m falling out from the back of an ambulance, next I’m a wolf in another life, eating cows. Then…then I’m ME again. All thanks to Cakers, of course. Damn him. Damn those ice picks. I was fine where I was! I was fine in that life! He ruined everything!” 
She had stopped rocking.
Her eyes were on old memories—eyes large.
She rocked again, taking in a deep breath, eyes relaxing.
“There are some surprises,” she said. “Every now and then, I get a craving for cow. How was I to know I could get in trouble for it? I didn’t hear about that damn bill. I didn’t know it was illegal to murder animals now. I’ve failed myself. I’m still doing it. I can’t help myself. So long as I live, I can get better. I just have to keep taking nutmeg. It’s a drug. It gives us a high. The aliens gave it to us, just like how they gave Native Americans marijuana for the betterment of mankind.”
I raised my hand.
“When did these aliens tell you about nutmeg?”
Tranzam stared at the ground, and then looked up to me.
“The alien came in a dream,” she said. “I was sleeping. It flew over me and told me all about it. All I saw was its huge face,” she said. My heart ached at this; my head throbbed. Huge face? Had voyeuristic aliens plagued me throughout my life? I chuckled. Tranzam continued. “The alien also told me about the nutmeg tree. I’ve been feeding it to the zombies. They’ll get better soon. This is all thanks to the aliens. Praise be to aliens. Hallelujah!”
She offered her nutmeg to us.
“It’ll help take your troubles away,” she promised. “Try some. It’ll be an experience, and if you don’t like it, don’t do it again. Life understands that way. Life is a learning experience. It’s all about experience. This is the real difference between those living on a higher level of consciousness and those living on a lower level of consciousness.”
We accepted, and watched as Tranzam got the needles ready. She was right. It was all clear to me. I wanted experience points. I wanted to learn about everything—to taste everything, see everything, hear everything, feel everything. I was jealous of all the young people I have known. They were hungry for life and curious about everything. They were living. I wanted to be like them. I wanted to always be learning, to always be making new friends. Old and young. Maybe I was meant to meet these younglings. Maybe they were meant to show me what it was all about—as exciting and dangerous as those days were. I know so-called adults that spend their time doing nothing and living in a cave, and I know young folk with more experience in their little pinky. 
I stuck out my neck, and Tranzam injected nutmeg into my throat. 
“Better this way,” she said. “My mix is the best. People just eat it. It’s disgusting. Enjoy. Fall into yourself. Open your third eye. Rotate your head chakra. Spin. Get up and spin.”
We all got up and spun round and round. I could feel the stuff working. My head unleashed a flurry of images. They were all visions of what I wanted—my ideal future. We are what we think about, a great man once said. We are the images we hold in your mind. We must focus on what we want, not what we don’t want. It is the hardest work in the world. Master it. This was the great secret that all the ancient philosophers knew. 
Control your mind; control your surroundings.
I fell down.
My stomach wanted to throw down its contents. My eyes went from left to right, left to right. My brain was buzzing. High. Busy. 
Focused.
Tranzam said she had something wonderful to show us, and she took us to the zombie town.

THE lights in every house were on. The residents of Nightingale were all in the church. The preacher was excited about something, hands moving in circles. He was speaking in English. He looked fine, although a tad pale with black circles under his eyes. Tranzam went in and spoke with the preacher. He looked up at us and motioned to the crowd. They all stood up and walked outside, little white books in hand.
These were people.
In a sense. 
People who were missing limbs, missing tongues, missing eyes, missing feet, missing spines (one was dragging another via sled), sure, but they were still people, dammit. You could just feel it to be true.
The preacher eyed me up and down. He gave me a cup to drink from. I looked to Tranzam, who nodded. 
“Trust,” she said.
I nodded and sipped from the cup. It tasted like the same stuff Tranzam whipped up in the basement—only now it was going right down to my belly. It cooled my throat. Tranzam was close to the preacher. She held her hands together, smiling, teardrops trickling from her eyes.
“Good,” she said. “And let there be peace for all eternity.”
The preacher turned around, to his flock—or herd, if you prefer to live your life that way—and raised his arms. His mouth opened, and peculiar sounds came out. 
“Histay rainlessbay idiotyay isyay otnay ayay hreattay otay usyay,” he said. “Etlay usyay allyay ogay ackbay otay ouryay ailyday activitiesyay.”
The zombies looked around, shrugged, and went about their business. Some followed the preacher into the church. Kids played in the streets, chasing after each other and yelling in jest. Men leaned against buildings and flirted with women. A boy flew a kite while a zombie cat sat at his feet and watched, licking its dead fur off by accident. 
Everyone spoke in that strange monster language. The cold sensation in my throat traveled up my ears. An interesting thing happened. The more I eavesdropped, the more I began to understand it. I even heard a zombie who had no lips. He was on a bike, chatting casually to an old woman. The jaw was moving, but he was enunciating so well. How was I able to hear the words so clearly? I picked it all up telepathically somehow. 
A few steps later, and all I heard was English. 
Some of the older zombies were doing yoga in a group. I understood the motions. They were doing the Tibetan 5 Rites. Was this the real secret to their rejuvenation? And if so, who had taught them this ancient system of exercises?
Did they do the 6th exercise? Did they dare?
I walked down the street and looked at the shadowy figures in their homes—showering, arguing, laughing, kissing, and making love. A house had its front door open. I saw a little girl inside, no more than 10, sitting on a carpet of discarded paper. She was writing something, madly, hand moving all over the sheet. I stepped closer. Notebook paper was taped all over the walls.
“What are you writing?”
She looked up, bewildered…then went back to writing.
“The meaning of everything,” she said. 
“Interesting. May I read a page?”
“Let me ask you this. Does a man contract the sum of his parts?”
“That’s fair,” I nodded.
The girl sighed.
“I need peace. I need to think. I’m stuck. Why can’t I write anything?”
“Maybe you have writer’s block. It drives me mad. Sometimes I don’t write anything for a weeks.”
She laughed.
“Tell me about it.”
“Well, when a writer is under a lot of stress…”
“Never mind that now. I need to talk to an expert. I think I need a shrink to help with my mental vomit.”
“Maybe I can help.”
“How can you possibly help? It is to laugh.”
“I write books, too.”
“Of course you do. And what, pray tell, have you written?”
“Well…I haven’t published anything.”
“Ha! Then you have nothing for me.”
“My, you’re a mean little troll, aren’t you?”
“Yes, and I’m sorry. Excuse me. Sometimes I get so full of myself. I guess it’s what scientists call a Defense Mechanism. I have this hunger to succeed, that’s all. I’m constantly pushing myself. And sometimes those around me. I don’t mean to offend.”
“I’m not offended, just greatly envious.”
“Thank you,” she said. “Maybe I should see a shrink. I need to wash the dirty clothes in my head.”
“You don’t need a shrink. You’re fine as is. I wish I had your determination. That heat. I could learn much from you. I’m too docile.”
“Maybe when I have more time. Now scram, kind sir, for I have much to meditate on. If you still feel the need to inquire about my work, come back in the morning.”
“Understood. But remember,” I said, “the person you should have consultation with is always available.”
She smiled at me.
I put my hands out in surrender and backed away. I understood where she was coming from. Writer’s need their space and time. 
I couldn’t find Tranzam anywhere…and left the town to practice my OBE exercise and catch some Z’s. I would not have an out of body experience that night. I was constantly disturbed by a faraway rumbling sound.
The morning found the house silent. No one was home. Cakers had been gone for sometime. It really didn’t surprise me, considering all the jazz that went down. I made a breakfast of rice, cheese dogs, eggs (sunny-side up), and milk. I took a multivitamin pill and went to town Nightingale.
Everyone was at church.
Always at church, it seemed.
What, did they think they were better than me because I didn’t go all the time? Actually, it had been years since I stepped foot into the house of the Lord. Still, I didn’t feel too guilty. I knew what it was all about. I knew the score. It was all about being broadminded, right? That was how I saw it. Did I have to walk into a building every Sunday to show that I was a believer? Poppycock. My body was my temple. I didn’t have to attend get-togethers to show off how much faith I had. 
A few residents were scattered here and there on the mud, kissing and making love in the nude. Did they care I was staring? Nope. Here, I thought, you can do whatever you want. Should I take my shirt off and walk around, topless? Maybe later. Few people even bothered to close their doors. I could see them, injecting that nutmeg into their veins. Something about it looked sad. Pathetic.
I went to the little girl’s house. The door was open, and I went in, finding the place empty. “Hello?” I said. My voice echoed. “Anyone home…home…home…?” The pages she stuck to the walls flapped under a breeze. Where were the parents? Were her parents here? Had they died with this little girl—maybe in a car crash?
“She’s not home,” said a voice at the front door.
It was the preacher. He was wearing his work clothes, and stepped into the house. We shook hands.
“Careful,” he said. “I have one left.”
I forced a laughed. “So where’s the right hand?” I played along, trying not to show how fearful I really was. Could he tell? Could he smell it off me? The preacher gave no clue. He smiled, friendly and peaceful. I had to remember to relax the muscles in my face. He was rotting less. 
Healing.
“You’re healing,” I said.
He grinned, arms out wide.
“The creators…they care for their brothers and sisters.”
“They?”
“On the mountain, there,” he said, pointing out the door. “That’s where Banger went.”
“The child?? Why on earth would she do such a foolish thing like that?! And you let her go? A little girl can’t go up that mountain! She could fall and break her collarbone! Are you mad, sir?”
“I assure you, I’m perfectly happy,” he said, picking off a flake of skin from his cheek. “When she comes back, guidance will be found. The blind flock will have a shepherd.”
“When did you let her go?”
“A few hours ago. It can’t be helped.” He exhaled. “Why do you ask?”
I ran out the door. The preacher reached out.
“It can’t be helped! Think about it! Think about iiiiiiiiiiiiiit!”

I GRABBED tree branches to help me up the mountain. At least I had shade from the blazing sun. Banger was in the mud, wiggling around. Rats surrounded her, licking their lips. Some of them had fallen in the mud and drowned. She held her book in the air, away from the muck. When Banger saw me, she sprang up and fell back down, moaning, then screaming at me.
“Stay away! Leave me alone! I have work to do!”
I kicked the rats away. She was punching me as I picked her up and set her on her feet. 
“First of all, stop with the hitting,” I said. “And second, I’m not here to stop you. You do whatever the hell you want.”
She looked at me weird.
“You’re not going to stop me from climbing this dangerous mountain? I almost broke my collarbone.”
“I’m going to help you. Let’s go.”
I held her hand. She was limping. 
“Thank you,” she said.
“You’re not going to hurt anyone, right?”
“What was that? On the contrary. What I find up this mountain will help all of us. I’m the only one that can do it, for I am the greatest writer in this alternate reality.”
“Arrogant much?”
“It’s not arrogance if you don’t tell anyone.”
“You just told me.”
“Damn, you’re right. I really am arrogant. I didn’t want to believe it. But why is it a bad thing? At least I’m positive and driven.” She thought…then gripped my hand for dear life. “Please! Don’t tell anyone! I can’t have my image tainted. My message is too important.”
“Then we better hurry before it turns dark,” I said. Did she know that there was a whole world outside her little town? Should I tell her? Maybe it was better if she found out on her own. It felt right. Gut feeling.
We were near the halfway mark. There was an odd sound high above us…of gears. Where did Cakers run off to? Probably at another one of his games. Did he despise the world so much that he was willing to put his life on the line for paper? I thought back to the last time I saw him.
His face was lifeless.
Drained.

IT was dark, and the ground was evening.
Lights were hitting the trees above us—flashing lights of blue and red. Was Cakers up there with his posse of buffoons? No, silly. Of course not. Unless…what if he was? What would I do? Confront him? Tell him to get his act together? Would he yell at me, complaining that I had no idea what he was going through? Would he…harm me? 
I stopped.
Banger looked at me and tugged on my hand.
“Are you scared?”
I kept my eyes at the lights.
“Yes.”
Pause.
She let go of my hand and walked up. I let her go. 
“It’s all you from here on out,” I said to myself. “I can only give you a push.”
She’s your responsibility now, boy.
“You lie. And if you lie to me again I will punch you in the mouth.”
She would’ve failed if you had not arrived. She might have died.
“See? I’m not so bad. I’m a good person, living as best as I can. We all are. We just can’t admit it.”
She should have failed.
“I’d watch my wicked tongue if I were you! Which I am.”
You interfered with another’s life. You walked onto their path. Now you’re there with them. You must follow through. A real man would. You know, to be completely honest with you, I think she’s more of a man than you. You could learn much from her, wouldn’t you say? So let’s not procrastinate…boy.
I closed my eyes. I could smell something like soaped skin. It was Banger’s, I assumed. She impressed me. So young, yet so determined to be a success. What was I doing at that age? Watching Total Recall 50-something times a day on TBS?
Yes.
Had I been doing it—subconsciously—my whole life? Just daydreaming? Not doing? Not really doing?
Such hideous thoughts!
I punched a tree and roared. Leaves fell all around me. I ran up toward the top of the mountain and climbed, climbed, climbed—hand over jagged rock. My palms were bleeding, but it only spurred me onward, going on pure, crazy adrenalin now. I had purpose. A righteous goal. 
The little girl was standing in a mist. The ground was flat and all rock. The lights were coming from behind the mist—red and blue…spinning with the sound of engines.
I hid behind a tree—the only tree there. Birds were in the tree, staring at me. Something told me they were just as scared.
The girl held the book close to her bosom and walked. The mist parted like a curtain. An unidentified flying object sat between two large, backlit bushes. She froze as the saucer’s front door slide down and ejected a long ramp. Three women walked out, down the ramp, and to the girl, standing in front of her, smiling. They were all dressed like Queen Elizabeth I in her coronation robes, complete with crown and scepter. They were taller than humans by a foot or two, with shimmering red, blond, and brown hair. 
Smiling…always smiling.
The one in the middle—the redhead—shook the little girl’s  hand.
“Greetings, earthling. So you’ve come. My name is God #13.” She motioned to her friends Blond and Brown. “This is God #616, and God #14.  
“Hello,” said the little girl. “My name is…err…Banger. Yes, that’s the ticket. Glad to meet you. Why am I not afraid?”
“Nice to meet you, too,” said Red. “Thank you for not being afraid. It means a lot to me.” She pointed at her with the scepter. “We know why you’ve come. We’ve been expecting you…seen you in your dreams.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. So you’ve come for knowledge, yes?”
“Yes.”
Banger held up her book.
“I can only do so much with my limited imagination of the universal subconscious,” she said. “Please, help me.”
“For starters,” said Red, “you will title your book 88. This book shall be untouchable. It is everything and nothing. Are you ready to write?”
“Yes, I have my pen.”
“Good. Chapter ONE,” said Red, taking in a deep breath and exhaling. “A very long time ago, the gods of Nibiru came down and made man from female apes. They needed worker bees to dig gold to save their mother world. This was all thanks to advancements in technology, such as genetic engineering. All were happy, until one day…”
“Sorry, what was that? Did you say apes?”
“Yes, apes. Now don’t interrupt! It upsets me. Now where was I? Oh, yes…”
“It’s just that I can’t write that down. It’s too weird. Apes?? This is blasphemy. I think.”
“Not what you were expecting, eh? Well, too bad. Now write.”
“I will NOT.”
“What did you just say to me??”
“They’ll run me out of town! I will NOT be laughed at! I will not write! Truth be damned!”
Red reached back and pulled out a ray gun. It had blinking lights on it.
“Oh, I beg to differ. I think you will write. You WILL write down these words and show them to your people. The cycle will not end. It will never end. And don’t you dare twist our words with your pen. Or else the boy gets it.”
She aimed the gun at me.
“You can step out from the tree, boy.”
I stepped out from the tree, smiling, hands up.
“Am I interrupting something? My apologies, ladies.” I looked at my watch, which I wasn’t wearing. “Whoops! Look at the time. Well, I’ll just be going now.”
Red took a quick step forward. The ray gun buzzed and glowed, charging.
“Not…so…fast,” she said, left side of her mouth curling up. She was squinting. “One more step and POW! Ashes to ashes, as they say.”
“Don’t shoot him!” the little girl screamed.
The alien with the gun, laughed.
“Ha! You humans are all the same. Screaming.” She squatted before the girl, who was crying. “Listen here, you little girl. Write this book or the moron gets it square between the eyes, you dig?”
The girl nodded, sniffed, and looked to me. I forced a smile. I was in shock. This was it. The big enchilada. They were going to zap me into nothingness. Would my soul survive? This thought scared me more than anything else. What if the hardheaded ninnies were right? What if the atheists are right? What if there really is nothing after you bite the bullet? What would it be like? It was unimaginable. I was shaking all over. I could run. I could turn around and run. Red wasn’t looking at me. How good was her/its aim? I should run. Go, boy—now! 
Total paralysis.
Had they done something to me? Put a curse on me? Injected me with something? I just stood there, smiling like the hapless animal they saw me as. A sudden move would startle them. That gun would go off, and I’d be pushing up the daises.
Red began to whisper, and the little girl wrote. After a few minutes, Red stood up. She put her hand on Banger’s head and messed up her hair in a playful way.
“Good girl. End of chapter one. As for the rest of the book, we will send the precious details to you via off-putting dreams. Don’t even think about being lazy. Don’t stop writing. We will know. See, when I put my hand on your head, I implanted a tiny device that’ll allow me to read your mind.”
Banger screamed out, scratching her head, moaning.
“Oh, my God!”
“Yes?” 
“You witch! Get this thing out of me!”
“When you’re done,” said Red.
I was still the whole time, hands reaching sky. Finished, the alien put her gun away and gave the little girl a pat on the head. The girl kicked the alien in the kneecap. I gasped, but nothing bad happened. The aliens laughed and applauded and walked back up to their ship. 
The door closed, and they zoomed into the stars. The mist dissipated. We climbed down the mountain. Banger was way ahead of me, weeping…vanishing into the night. I made no attempt to give chase.
When I got home, I took a boiling hot shower and went to bed. 
Don’t think about them. They can read your thoughts. Don’t call them.
Really? How do you know for sure? 
How you know that these are even your thoughts?

I DIDN’T sleep that night. 
I kept my mind clear. There were no images. No emotions. Just silence. The sound of God. Silence. The ultimate force. It cannot be divided.
I was meditating. For the first time in my life, I was truly meditating.
When the sun inched its way over the horizon, I heard the ambulance. It was going bonkers. I ran outside and saw Cakers inside, drunk and vomiting all over the wheel. His hands were sliding all over it. The ambulance was going in circles and making donuts. Chickens were on the roof of the ambulance, holding on for dear life, complaining.
“Cakers! What the deuce?!” I was reaching out to him, too stupid with shock to get closer. “The drink has possessed you! Stop this madness! Think!”
“I’ll show them!” he was screaming. REAL screaming—from the top of his lungs, voice cracking, teeth clenched, eyes boiling—piercing. “I WILL SHOW THEM ALLLLL!”
He made a big I’m-stepping-on-something move, and the ambulance took off…into a field, zooming right past the house. I ran after, barefoot and jumping over thorns and sleeping grass and aged zombie mess.
I knew where he was going.
The town.
I yelled after him.
“No, damn you! Nooooooo!” My words came out in jerks as my heels hit the moist ground.
Cakers aimed the speeding heap of metal right for the zombie town. He plowed right through the gate. I was galloping at full speed. The ambulance was running over zombies, and they exploded like bags of water. Cakers was nearing the church.
“Not the church!” I screeched, jumping over zombie parts.
A herd of zombies ran in front of the ambulance to stop it—their hands out, heads forward. The ambulance plowed through half of them before coming to a halt, wheels spinning, spewing rubbery smoke. The bodies under the wheels were shredded, yet the others held their ground. Cakers was shifting gears, yelling vowels. A zombie opened the door and threw him out on his face, giving him a mouth full of muck. He stood up and spat out earth. He was in uniform.
He was working. Maybe still at work. Had he seen something on the job? Something that finally drove him over the edge??
The zombies circled him.
Tranzam ran out of a house, chased by a naked zombie male. It was the preacher. His body was still healing—thighs showing glistening meat, the white of bone, belly all stitched up, kneecaps loose and clapping. Tranzam was topless. I took a step away from the scene. My inner voice was blowing whistles and ringing warning bells. Tranzam ran through the crowd and punched Cakers in the mouth. He went high into the air, twirling like in a kung fu flick.
I was intimidated.
My legs were shaking. I punched them to set them right.
Cakers was up and shaking his head and massaging his head. His entire face was red. He looked like a lollypop.
“Wickedness,” he snarled. “You cheater!” He was pointing at the preacher.
“This must be Cakers…” said the man of God, “…life’s failure.” Then to him, “You don’t know Tranzam at ALL. Leave now. Don’t embarrass yourself.”
Cakers turned a sad eye to Tranzam.
“Come home, baby. I love you so much. Please, come home.”
She let out a “Hmph” and turned away, locked in the preacher’s arms. The other zombies closed in on the three of them. Cakers stumbled back, shocked, looking around. 
“Baby…how can you do this? All those years together…all our years. Are you just gonna throw it away?”
“Time to grow,” she said, shaking her head. “Move on, Cakers. Move on. Go.”
Cakers repeated the words. He looked down at his feet, mumbling something. His eyes were wide open, unblinking. Something in his brain broke in two. He looked up at all of us, scowling.
“You’re all going to Hell!”
He jabbed his finger at each and every one of us, sneering in hate.
“You think I don’t know what you’ve been doing here?”
Tranzam took a step forward.
“What are you blabbering about?”
Cakers grinned, nodding, looking around, making strict eye contact with all. Even me.
“Where do you think I’ve been all this time?? I’ve been hiding here—in this town, disguised as you, learning about you. This is a wicked town! I’ve seen all of you getting high on that…that stuff…polluting your minds! That tree is unnatural—the Devil’s tree! It’s disgusting! It’s unholy! You demons do what you want without thought of consequence—doing whatever comes to mind to fulfill whatever pleasure—while hardworking, honest folks, like me, get nothing but hardship.” 
Tranzam kicked a stone at him, missing his face by an inch.
“Get out of here, stupid! We run this!”
“Oh, yes…I’ve seen you,” Cakers said. “You think I didn’t see you two making love in the middle of town? You think I didn’t see you? Dropping your vagina all over the place?? I knew that pentagram stuff was hogwash. It didn’t bring you back to me. I knew it wouldn’t work!”
So Cakers thought his pentagram didn’t come true? The whole time, he knew it wouldn’t. 
“It did come true, you fool,” I said to myself. “Your subconscious sabotaged you before the seeds were planted.”
Cakers didn’t hear me. Good thing, too. He was livid.
“People watched!” he said. “No one cared! Can you believe that? As if nothing was wrong! It was all too weird for me. I vomited in my hands. I thought the very act of seeing would damn me to Hell. Have you no fear of that burning place?”
Everyone mumbled and looked around. They stared at him and shook their heads and shrugged. “Nope…No…Sorry…Uh-uh…”
Cakers yanked at his hair.
“Lunacy! Why should I feel so much guilt!? Why should I work! Why should I slave away! It’s unfair!” He was pointing again. “I want to be free! What is your secret? What is it???”
Everyone looked up and held hands.
“Do what thou wilt.”
Tranzam and the preacher walked away.
“Do what you want…” she said, “…so long as you leave everyone else alone.”
“Don’t walk away from ME!” He jumped up and down, making fists, eyes shut. “Come back! Come back! Come back! Wahhhhhh!”
Everyone walked away.
“Go home,” they were saying. “Go in peace.”
Cakers squinted under the roasting sun and saw three little girls walking into town, giggling, gossiping, and carrying baskets full of Nutmeg.
“Let’s see how happy you’ll be without your precious drug,” he snarled. “Out of my way!” He pushed through the crowd and jumped into the ambulance and started it up and reversed.
Tranzam yelled at everyone.
“Stop him! He’s heading for the tree of life!”
I dove out of the way before Cakers ran me over, doing a tuck and roll and springing up. Many of the now-quick-zombies hurried after him with pitchforks and shovels and torches. Cakers gave the wheel a hard turn and swung the ambulance around, tearing out of the town. Tranzam was furious.
“Stop him before it’s too late!”
I ran with them, impressed at how fast they were. The zombies were light, probably due to all the blood and meat they lost. The ambulance was near the tree, every light blinking, rotating. As if on cue, the sun appeared from behind a cloud, hitting everyone with crazy heat. Cakers waved a gasoline container around, dousing the tree with the sparking liquid. 
“Stop!” said the crowd. “Please! Stop!”
Tranzam had her hands together. 
“Don’t do this! You’ll kill us all! You’ll kill me!”
I kept my distance.
Cakers opened his Zippo lighter, flicking a waving flame. Everyone gasped. Children ran away, screaming and flailing their arms. They tried to pull me away, but I ignored them, my eyes fixed on the horrific scene playing out before me.
The preacher walked toward Cakers.
“Take me. Do what you want with me. Just please, don’t…do…this.”
“Nooo!” Tranzam shrieked, running into his arms. “I can get more. Please, don’t listen to him. Stay with me!”
Cakers nodded.
“Yes, come here,” he said, waving the Zippo around. “I have plans for you…you bastard…you unholy bastard.”
I was close enough now to see the hunger—the anticipation—on Cakers’ face. He didn’t notice me. Did he even remember me?
The preacher whispered something into Tranzam’s ear, and she let him go…let him walk, with his hands up, toward the flame wielding maniac. 
“Easy now,” Cakers said. “Let’s not get any bright ideas.”
The crowd, looking around with confused looks, spread out. Something was up—literally.
I took a surprised step forward.
A zombie stood on the ambulance, holding a pitchfork, ready to jump on Cakers. The fool slipped and fell on the hood. The pitchfork landed on Cakers’ shoe. He jumped in the air, holding his foot and wailing.
“Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! Holy hell!”
The lighter fell. The preacher leapt forward. Everyone let out a pitiful, high-pitched sound and held their breath, reaching out. He missed the lighter by a foot and landed with his mouth wide open—stupefied. The soaked ground exploded. People squealed and ran off. The tree roared, swallowed by a rage of flames. Black smoke filled the sky. 
Cakers hopped into his ambulance and zoomed away, laughing. I couldn’t hear him, but he was smiling with his mouth opening and closing. 
Tranzam was screaming. 
The preacher was twisting around and around, on fire from head to toe. He ran into the tree and punched and kicked it and headbutted it. Tranzam was trying to get close to save him. The fire drowned out her pleas. My ears hurt from all the noise, my face burning. I swung an arm over my eyes and grabbed Tranzam’s arm and pulled her away—dragged her, kicking and screaming. 
She punched me in the stomach and I let her go, the two of us falling hard to the ground. Tranzam crawled toward the tree…reaching out…hand shaking…squeaking.

8:00pm.
It was a meeting. Everyone was in the middle of the town, on the dirt, tired, drooling, some vomiting their innards. A few hours before, they had taken all the reserve nutmeg. It was done in a mad panic—lots of screaming, weeping, begging, cradling, and looking around with strange eyes. Now they were exhausted. The stuff helped…but now they were rotting all over again.
It would be a slow burn.
Tranzam and I were sitting back to back. Night birds were singing duets with crickets. There were torches outside every house.
“I’m dying,” she said.
I looked over my shoulder.
“We all are. Don’t worry. If we put our heads together, we’ll find a way through this crazy hootenanny.”
“I can feel my insides going bad. What can one do? It is inevitable.”
“Are you scared—”
“No,” she said. “This is all one big game…a big circle. What goes around comes around. ‘I’ll be back,’ says The Terminator.”
Didn’t she want to fight—if even a little—to survive for one more day? Did she feel complete?? I knew many people—many youngsters—who told me they were ready to die, that they were not afraid. They seemed to take pride in it. In truth, they were giving up, as if life (at least for them) had nothing left to offer. “I have no talent,” they say. I have experienced enough. The inspiration is gone. 
It’s not true. Inspiration is eternal. It is what drives all things. It creates worlds. It’s forever fighting with our rigid beliefs. We are all destined for greatness. So many are blind to their own genius—blinded by what others think of them, by what society tells them, blinded by the rules their parents lay down for them, and blinded by their own eyes.
They have been responding only to outside stimulus. A dog can do that. Beings on a higher level of consciousness have the ability to answer inside stimulus…motivation…the voice in all…the Life in all. Have we tried to look beyond appearances? Are we too lazy to look deep within and find the truth? See that if you can imagine it, it already exists? That there is nothing you can’t Be, Do, or Have? 
It’s too hard. I’m too weak,” they say. “Just give me drugs and arguments.”
I thought about letting Tranzam—and all the others in the world like her—free. Not to fight it. Not to bother. Not to meddle. Let them do what they want. Enjoy the unfolding of my own life. There is a wonderful urge in all of us to help another…but what’s the use if they turn a deaf ear? You can’t force your beliefs on them, and you can’t make them change by using force. No one is born a slave.
Let them do what they want. Release them. Do your own thing. It’s what every parent should do.
I looked around at the men, women, children—those zombies, those creations.
Did that mean I was a…parent?
The preacher stood before the sleeping crowd.
“Wake up!”
They woke up, blurry eyed.
“What?” they groaned. “What’s going on? Who am I? Who are you? Where are we? I’m so scared. Now what?”
The preacher raised his hand. His other arm fell off sometime during the night. Ants fell out. No one cared.
“Ladies and germs, we are rotting.”
“Tell us something we don’t know!” said a random voice.
“There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world,” the preacher said. “Now shut up and listen…everrrryyyyyonnnnne!”
Everyone sat up, backs straight, attentive. Many of the backs cracked. Three people fell forward. The preacher called Tranzam to his side. They embraced and stared at the zombies.
“We have exhausted our supply of nutmeg,” he said.
Two people were walking around, lazy, moaning, arms out in front of them. They attacked people, trying to put their mouths on them. Those still sane threw pitchforks into their brains. No one panicked. The coming events were inevitable. Normal.
 “But hope is not lost,” the preacher said. “We have God on our side.” He motioned to a building. “Bring out the child!”
Two farmers dragged Banger out of her home. She kicked and screamed.
“No! I’m not done yet! I must not be disturbed!” She gave one of them a good kick to the kneecap. It flew off like a spinning top and went into someone’s eye, hitting brain and killing them.
“Stop this mayhem,” the preacher said. “Let’s be civil about this, child.”
The other zombie—who now looked like he was about to keel over with those googly eyes—held Banger before the crowd. Tranzam had her arms around his neck. She was dangling…sleepy.
“Release me at once!” Banger said. “Please, I beg of you, let me continue with my writing! I’ll go mad if I don’t. This thing in my head hurts!”
The preacher stomped. 
“Little girl…little prophet…call God. Have God come down and save us.”
A woman, whose head was a brain and dangling eyes and everything else below the nose, stood up.
“Have God come down and save us! I mean, LOOK AT ME!”
A man shot up beside her and had everything but the bottom of his face. He used sign language.
“Save us!” he signed. “Save us all—for the love of God!”
Now everyone stood up and circled around the little girl. “Save us! Help us! It hurts! I can feel myself going! Now what??” They grabbed at her.
“No, no! Let me go! Don’t touch me!” Banger cried. “Unhand me, you fools!” 
One of the fools went down and crawled through legs and took hold of Banger’s foot. The fiend was drooling and made to bite her. I rushed through the crowd and pulled Banger away. We ran off into her home. I locked the door and stuck a chair under the knob.
“The fiend tried to taste you!” I panted. “Cannibalism! How revolting!”
Banger was sitting on the carpet of crumbled paper balls, crying into her hands. I pulled back the blinds and peeked out the window. A fight had broken out. 
“It’s a mad feast! They’re eating themselves like ribbon worms!” And it was true. Not only were they attacking and eating their neighbors, many were on the ground and devouring their own limbs and gulping down streams of blood that shot forth from tangled meat. Banger still had her face in her hands, sniveling.
“I have failed,” she said. “I have let my own people down. I have let God down. We are doomed.”
The preacher SPRUNG up in front of the window and I fell back, the both of us shrieking. He headbutted the window and sent a rain of glass everywhere. He was reaching in past the shards and clawing the air—shredding his arms.
I turned a couch over and stood it in front of the window. Fists pounded on the door.
“Give her to us!” Tranzam begged. “If she won’t call God down to help us, we’ll eat her brain and steal her knowledge and call God ourselves!”
“It doesn’t work that way!” I said, pressing my hands against the door. I looked over my shoulder. “I don’t remember…is there a backdoor or something?”
Banger was eating her hands, her eyes shut tight. “Mmm, so good,” she said. “Mmm, so GOOD!” She sprung her eyes open and looked around and saw me as if for the first time. “Brainssssss!”
She lunged at me—SMILING—and jumped into the air like Supergirl. I sidestepped and she crashed through the door, making a jagged hole. Tranzam stuck her head in and wiggled her tongue at me.
“Blahhhhhhh!” she yelled. “I’m going to EAT you!”
She reached in and pushed the chair over and turned the knob. 
“Meesa…gonna…feet…ewww,” she was trying to say. The words tumbled from her mouth. She was a far-gone loon. The others kicked the door open and sloshed in. They were already slow, minds lost, motors running on silly hunger—everything primal. I ran to the back. There was no back door…no window…only a thick, white wall. I punched and kicked it to no desirable effect—paint chips in my hair and on my clothes. I sucked on my bleeding fists and spat out white flakes. Tranzam led the zombies in as they dragged their feet and waved their arms around, wrists floppy. 
“Brains,” they all dripped. “Brainssssssssss.”
I was crying in a passionate way and moaned as loud as I could. I couldn’t stop. My heart blasted, breath coming in short spurts. My head spun. I was bouncing here and there, looking for a hole in the horde to dive through. The zombies were reaching out for me, drooling, spewing, grumbling, totally clueless. Brainless. Running on 100% instinct. Dumb instinct.
That whole thing about your life flashing before your eyes right before you die was a sinister lie. Only fanatical panicking. Pure, insane alarm. 
A wave of noise fell on the town. 
Engines.
Sirens.
Ambulances.
Cakers.
The zombies looked around, sniffing the air with question marks popping above their heads. The ambulances hit their brakes. I could hear yelling and cheering. “Let them eat cake!” said a voice. It was Cakers. I’m rescued! I thought. Thank the gods! The ambulances were filing in. One of them roared to the house, plowing through the zombies with a series of dull thuds.
A honk.
“Have at you, fiends!” cried Cakers. He ran into the house and hacked apart the walking bags of meat with a samurai sword, creating dazzling fountains of blackish goo. The sword fell with a thick whoosh.
Whoosh, chop, whoosh, chop, whoosh!
“Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” I said. My face was tight. Cakers laughed, still killing, head titled back. Is he even aiming? Does he even see me?? The zombies walked away from the massacre. One zombie stayed put and looked over its shoulder and just stared at me. It had a guilty expression, like when a baby turns from the TV and stares at you with that uh-oh-I-just-pooped-myself face. 
Cakers swung his weapon (he was just spinning around like a blind fool, chuckling louder to a high pitch) and hit this zombie right through its middle. The top half smacked a wall, arms out, and slid down with a sharp squeak. The legs stood, spurting green and red and black. The intestines were wiggling out like mad snakes. There was the disturbing sound of escaping air.
Cakers snuffed allllll the zombies and reduced them to large and twitching chunks. The place was disgusting and reeked of trash bag juice. And he was still spinning, eyes shut, laughing, heading right for me with that damn blade. 
“Watch it!” I shouted, ducking just in time. 
Cakers spun right by and took huge chunks of the wall. He stopped and panted, hunched over. The tip of the sword hovered in front of his eyes, ticking left, right, left, right.
“Let’s round them up!” said a voice outside.
Cakers looked right past me, wearing a mask of gore—teeth white and locked in a grinding grin.
“Oops. Forgot one,” he said. “Silly me.”
I backed away.
“What’s your damage?”
“Huh?” He looked around and slapped the side of his head. “Hrmm. Thought I heard something.” He laughed. “So what, who cares??”
Cakers blinked, and for a second I thought I heard a cash register ding and saw dollar signs in his eyes. Cakers yelled and raised his sword and ran toward me. I let out a yelp and turned tail, arms pumping. Cakers tripped on a pile of zombie feet and fell. I slid on the sick floor and flew right out the door, my face landing in guck. 

HOW long had I been out?
I opened an eye. Something like 20 ambulance drivers walked around with samurai swords, hacking zombies up. The town was wet and stank. The ground was a giant spaghetti dish. Limbs and torsos and heads topped the dish like meatballs. Ants were on everything. 
Emergency medical technicians chased after the few zombies left—one gloved hand on their swords, the other on their jangling belts—and tackled them to the blood-mud and hogtied them and dragged the creatures. The zombies snapped their jaws at them. The EMTs giggled and poked and prodded them with their stained blades, slicing free noses and lips and nipples as souvenirs. They moseyed on over to a female EMT that sat behind a desk, in the middle of the gross street, and handed her their goods. She stitched them into necklaces made of fishing line and threw their prizes back to them. 
I stood up, massaging my chest. Puddles of blood flashed from ambulance lights. Radios beeped and spewed tangled voices. A worried ambulance driver was chopping zombie limbs, talking to herself.
“Forgive me, God,” she said. “Forgive me, God. (chop, chop, chop) Forgive me, God. (chop, chop, chop)
Another woman threw a ladder over three zombies and captured them. She made a strong move and decapitated them all at once.
The Indian chief stood before a group of EMTs. He examined the bodies presented to him, checking off items in his notebook. He would nod and grunt and the workers would drag and throw his goods into the back of his ambulance, which was like any other ambulance, except his had a giant sculpture of a terrific eagle on the roof.
An EMT kicked down the door of a house. A zombie with a broken neck strolled out with a gun, waving it in the air, clueless, brain-dead, eyes rolling. It had lazy legs...and held onto the gun with some distant, fading memory. The EMT laughed.
BANG.
The EMT looked down at his belly.
“What? Gun wounds, again??”
His white shirt turns red and his eyes rolled back and he collapsed. The zombie gave up and fell on him, mouth landing right on the man’s jaw, removing it. At first, no blood came forth…then the heart pumped and the obvious happened. The zombie seemed happy—showering in blood, munching away, tearing at the man’s heart. I was impressed (and revolted) at the strength of the zombie hand.
The other EMTs ran up and kicked the beast off and minced its body to itty bits. A woman cradled the jawless man and cried and talked about better days. The man gurgled and blood-bubbles shot from his mouth, past his wiggling and swollen tongue. He looked around, shocked, eyes completely bloodshot. His hands had dug all the way into the ground. The legs shook and kicked.
To my horror, emergency medical technicians were at the church, trying to break the doors down with a large battering-ram. It was a damn log. They were going, “Heave, ho! Heave, ho!” 
Some of them threw rocks at the windows. Why were they doing this? What was the point??? Maybe they just liked the sound of glass breaking. And why not do it? So what, who cares? It was unadulterated chaos.
An EMT stood on his ambulance, yelling at the men and women with the battering-ram. “Nincompoops! You don’t heave and-a ho a log! Nincompoops!” He was clearly drunk off his gourd.
Cakers ran out from the house and screeched. 
“Look! Look!” he went, pointing at me with his samurai sword. “Zombie! Look! Look!” His voice was so high…he sounded like a confused woman.
The Indian chief looked up, puzzled.
“Blimey, what the devil is he going on about? Poor chap has gone daft.” 
Cakers squeezed out a battle cry and came at me full speed. 
I stumbled and fell on my back, covering my face and looking through my fingers.
“Gadzooks!”
Cakers…jumped over me.
I rolled away and sprang up. He had his sword over his head and was charging like a mad bull, right for…
“Bethany!” he cried. “I’ll save youuuuuu!”
Something small rode her back. It was Banger. Other EMTs ran to the rescue. Bethany, in a panic, flailed her samurai blade around, pleading for help. The others stood back, screaming at her to stop moving around so much—to just relax.
Banger threw her head back, fluttered her eyes, and fell forward, biting deep into Bethany’s neck. 
“She’s biting me!” Bethany yelled, more in anger than anything else. Then her eyes rolled white, and she collapsed.
Cakers yelled and jumped around, possessed by some embarrassing tantrum. 
“Get her away from my baby!” he said. The EMTs grabbed Banger, unsure of what to do next. Cakers went down and held Bethany. He reached back and pulled out his ice picks. “These will make everything alright, baby. I’ll make everything alright again. I promise.”
He eased them into her belly. No blood came out.
Bethany shook like a crazy person and wiggled in his arms. “Too soon!” she screamed. “Too soooooooonnn!” She went for his neck, taking out a small chunk. Cakers kicked her away. “Tranzam wouldn’t have done that!” He pointed at Banger. “Of course! This is all your fault! Bring her too me!”
Banger looked up, lost. Cakers stiffened a stance and made to slice Banger’s face clean off.
A brilliant light drowned the town. 
Everyone looked up at the UFO. It spun and let loose a sudden noise that sounded like a series of gunshots. Some of the EMTs fell to the ground and covered their heads, howling and weeping like injured hyenas. “Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot!” People ran around, going nowhere fast. The UFO hovered low—right over Banger. She looked up, wind making her squint.
The chief clapped his hands, smiling.
“Oh, happy day!” he said, strolling through the frenzied swarm. “I knew this day would come. Everyone, everyone, be not afraid! Oh, happy day!”
A blue beam zipped down and shot right through Banger’s back. The UFO lifted her through the air as its door slid open. Cakers drove his ambulance into the UFO, sending it spinning into the side of a house. Banger fell to the ground. Cakers stuck his head out the window and shook his ice picks.
“Ha ha!” he yelled. He reversed and drove in her general direction. “Nobiscum deus!”
The zombie girl stood up, dazed. I ran and tackled her out of the way. Cakers plowed through the same house the UFO crashed into. The zombie child was trying to bite me—trying to scratch my neck off. I held her face as close to mine as possible.
“Stop!” I wept. “Snap out of it! Snap out of it!”
I wanted to hug her. I wanted to hug her as tight as I could, and I wanted her to hug back. I wanted her to tell me what a good friend I was. She was glad to have me in her life. Thank you for supporting me. Thank you for understanding me. Thank you for being there. I’m here for you, too. Whatever happens…you’ll have me. You’ll never be alone again. You have me. I love you…daddy.
The blue beam again, and the little girl flew out of my hands, into the air, into the UFO. The backdoors of the ambulance blew open, and Cakers stumbled out with his hands all over his bloody face. The ice picks were in his head—in each temple. Did he even know?? He was weeping, moaning, praying, begging…asking for forgiveness from some invisible old man. A fellow EMT ran by and Cakers tackled him to the mud, strangling this stranger until bone snapped. Cakers stood up and tore his shirt off, the buttons popping off and shooting in all directions. He was screaming down at the crooked body, shaking his head in disbelief.
Our eyes locked. 
He hurried to me, weeping and looking sad with his hands reaching out for my throat. A gust of wind raced between us, and the church doors blew open. A mess of black birds flew out and engulfed Cakers. He shrieked and spun around, trying to bat them away, backpedaling all the way into the church. Or was he being dragged?
The EMTs were all in their ambulances. The engines whined with each turn of the key. It was a chorus of dead engines. Everyone’s gaze went up as the UFO went high above the town. A long tube, covered by blinking lights, eased out from the bottom of the UFO. I knew it instantly as the big brother of the alien’s ray gun. 
I ran.
The canon sucked in air and cried out. Things behind me blew up. I kept my eyes fixed ahead of me—just ran straight as the houses on both sides exploded into useless chunks. 
White powder rained all over the town.
Blue beams hit the people in front of me and yanked them into the air, their screams fading. I ran into the church and shut the doors, backing away, catching my breath, my mind a sharp edge. White garbage was all over me, and large handfuls fell like snow with each slow step backwards. 
I looked up at the large, colorful mirror.
Lights flashed behind it, followed by explosions and the sound of metal slicing through the air over and over again like a giant sword. I heard screams. They were soft and far away…outside. They grew louder as they fell from the sky. Bodies hit the roof of the church and dropped all around the church, landing in disturbing splats. I covered my ears. More bodies bounced off the roof. Constantly shrieking. Constantly pleading.
Then…silence.
I dropped to my palms and knees and just breathed, slow and steady, easing my heart. 
A squawk.
Behind me, those black birds were all around the altar. Cakers sat on it. His back was to me. A bird stood on his head, squawking. Red junk dripped to the floor. The walky-talky on Cakers’ belt hummed a soft static. The back of his shirt moved around.
Those birds…their eyes stared and stared at me. I wanted to leave. Why didn’t they attack me? Would I taste bad, was that it? Where else would I go? Outside? No. I’d be zapped to smithereens. Or would I? Why didn’t they do it earlier? They could’ve—easily, sure. I wasn’t that fast of a runner, thanks to years of smoking all those KOOLs and Pall Malls and Marlboros and Camels and Virginia Slims and Benson & Hedges and Lucky Strikes and Misty cigarettes. They could have done me in, but didn’t. For some mystifying reason, they didn’t.
I opened the church doors and stepped outside.
The sky was on fire. The houses were rubble. Ambulances burned and crackled, some on their sides with their wheels spinning in the air. One ambulance was different. It wasn’t burning on the outside at all…perfectly unscratched. A livid fire had broken out inside. A body danced about, bouncing against the driver’s seat. The windshield cracked. 
I stepped over clean, glistening bones and articles of wet clothing. The UFO was gone. A house stood, unscratched and surrounded by burning buildings. I walked in, and the front door fell over, kicking up dust. Papers were scattered all over the ground, so I scooped them up. The first paper read, “Chapter ONE. A very long time ago, the gods of Nibiru came down and made man from female apes. They needed worker bees to dig gold to save their mother world. This was all thanks to advancements in technology, such as genetic engineering. All were happy, until one day…” The last page had a drawing of an angry face, like something a kid would draw on a bad night when daddy and mommy hit'em real good for spilling milk all over the cat. (“It was joke! Don't hit me, parents! It makes me so crazy! I'll grow up to hit back – to be a killer. I'll KILL YOU!!”) 
I walked outside. Bad smoke. My eyes burned. I took off my shirt and bunched it up and breathed through it. All that black smoke pulled into the sky…stars that faded in and out and in and out…white dust falling all around…the air danced...it was beautiful.

THE morning sun came up as I walked into the house. I called out for Queen…and got no answer. I went upstairs. Her room was empty, bed unmade. My gut told me to go check the basement, so I ran down, excited to see her, excited to tell her all that happened, to cry in her arms, to let loose.
The basement was empty. The table, where Tranzam made her Nutmeg concoction, had been ransacked. The bowls were bone-dry. Many of the syringes were missing. As I walked to my room, I noticed a dangling piece of string above me, and I pulled on it. A ladder zoomed down and almost took my face off.
I cranked my head up to the hole. The black square above me breathed. Cockroaches tumbled out and scurried at my feet. Some of them flew onto my face, and I punched them away. These bastards think they can just saunter in here and not pay rent?!
I looked up.
“Queen?”
I climbed the ladder, into the basement. The place was wet. I pulled another cord, this one turning on a flickering light. Cobwebs everywhere. Dead rats trapped in them. Old and dusty toys—bikes, small pianos, slingshots, footballs, dolls with frozen faces—against an out-of-place red brick wall. Moonlight fell through a small window, across the wall. There was writing on it. 

Guillotine Girl

Her plane crashes on the mountain,
Her entire family dies. 
Mother, brother, father, sister—
all in the blink of an eye.

Walk down the mountain, she comes to a farm.
Old woman is nice, extends a helping hand.
Gives her a home, a nice place to stay.
Listens to her story, of what took place that day.

What happened to the plane? Skeletons hit it dead.
Up there, on the mountain, a lone nun stood waiting.
Came to the crash and took things away.
Took the girl’s hand and forced her to obey.
She went to a castle, deep in the woods, 
Helped to fight a war—battle evil doctors
With giant bloody swords. 

These nuns trained her well, gave her a guillotine.
It would serve her well, chopping off all seen.
The doctors wanted God’s soul and fought all night,
Launching killer skeletons with huge catapults.
They ruin the nuns and their castle—burn down,
Burn down the woods. 
Set their souls in cows, made into slaves.

Guillotine Girl runs away, too afraid to help.
She runs away, away, away…too afraid to stay.
Cries herself to sleep, never seen since then.
Will wake up, to fight another day.
To make up for her mistake.

I SPENT the whole day in bed, awake with a flashlight held close to my chest.
At night, I got up and went to the front porch and sat down. It was quiet. The wind whistled past my ears. No one around for miles. Was I truly alone? My gut was talking again. It wanted me to know that there were ghosts in the house, and I should run away. That I should just take off and run into the night, down that road, all the way home, all the way back to Kalihi. It would be miles and miles and miles. Never mind about locking the doors. Just up and go.
I stood up.
What was I waiting for?
Queen?
“She’s not going to come back,” my gut said. 
Banger?
“She’s not going to come back,” my gut said. “Maybe.”
The road was calling me. I expected to see Cakers in the black distance, his ambulance lights spinning red and blue, speeding away and floating like ghosts.
I turned my attention to the smoking town behind the house. It was silent. The fires had died down hours ago. And how many ghosts were there? And if there were ghosts there, how long before they came to the house? And what would happen to me? What would they do to me? Did they hear me? Did the very act of me thinking about them, call them to me?
The wind stopped. Dead.
I walked off the porch…and ran.

THE flashlight showed the same dirt for over an hour. Various particles were in the beam. Earlier, I turned the light ahead of me and to my sides as I ran. There was nothing but thick darkness, and it swallowed the beam up. It felt like I was running in place. After that, I kept the light on the ground.
My footsteps were loud.
I ran, focusing on the rhythm of my jog, keeping my mind clear, keeping myself from thinking. I think, and I get paranoid. I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was being followed. I didn’t want to turn around. Don’t think. STOP thinking right now, I thought. Was I calling them again? Relax. Focus on your run.
And that’s what I did. My mind was clear. I got an urge to write something down, but I wasn’t sure what. I had Banger’s pages in my pockets, along with my favorite pen, a blue Pilot G-2. I stopped, leaning on my knees, my chest pounding. I sat down with the light between my spread legs. I got out the papers and my pen, shuffling the stack to a blank page.
Time to create something.
I’d finish her story for her! I’d do it justice. I’d make her proud. It would be in the style of Revelations. All stream of consciousness. Real classic stuff. A grand scale battle between aliens and humans. The collapse of all religion. The realization of one truth—the only truth. 
My brain stalled. The pen didn’t move, so I forced it, producing page after page of utter garbage. I balled them up and threw them into the dark. They landed on grass, hitting frogs that hopped away. Writer’s block. And why not? This wasn’t my gig. I can’t pretend to write like someone else. I can’t force it out. What I was doing was wrong. Make your own, I thought. Don’t pretend to be someone else. This wasn’t my gig.
The sound of a falling sword, slicing through air. I looked up. A light blinded me, and I swung my hand up, grunting.
I was flying.
I was being pulled up.
It didn’t matter how tight I shut my eyes. The light went straight into my mind. I opened them—no, they were forced open—and saw three blurred faces, staring down on me, mumbling, sounding as if they were talking backwards. They were dressed in white. One of them looked like a little girl with large, blue eyes. Weird words. Strange mumbling. Something about surgery…healing…fixing. I looked to my right and saw Banger on a metal table, strapped down, sleeping. All around are blue and red lights. Pulsing colors. One of the three faces held Banger’s head, while another cut it open. I then screamed out, but there was no sound. They took something out from her head. Something small. I felt hands on my head. Cold hands. One of the faces has something sharp. The third face beats down on my chest many times. Something large—sharp scent of plastic—was put over my face. 
Wonderful air filled my lungs. 
There was an alarm.
Terrible siren.



Article from The Honolulu Reporter…

HPD officer arrested for cannibalism! City mildly shocked.
by Jasmenni Kolopowawski

Lt. Krill Bardow was found by police officers on Monday morning, eating human flesh in a mysterious makeshift town on an abandoned farm in Pandora, just outside of Kaneohe. Lt. Bardow was in the shanty town and covered in a myriad of cadavers—mainly bones and body parts. 
An unidentified caller tipped Lt. Xanadu to Bardow’s location.
“Who was the caller? I am not at liberty to divulge that information,” Lt. Xanadu said. “But thanks to her, we found him with human meat between his teeth. He didn’t know what hit him. But really, it was my baton.”
Lt. Bardow could not be reached for questioning.
“My client is completely innocent,” said Bardow’s lawyer. “He wasn’t eating a man’s breast. He was eating chicken. Plain and simple. Why doesn’t anyone believe me anymore? How embarrassing.”
While being handcuffed, sources claim that Mr. Bardow barked, “That little witch said to come here! Why is this happening?! I’m a good person! You don’t know me!” Lt. Xanadu is leading an investigation to figure out what exactly happened on the farm.
“Maybe one day Mr. Bardow will be sane enough to stand trail. I wouldn’t be surprised if he slaughtered all those people to sustain his hideous hunger for man-flesh. I always thought he was a bit daft. Believe you me…I know,” Lt. Xanadu said. “One thing is certain…we’ll solve this matter the old fashioned way—through diligent investigation and deduction. Not with so-called psychic powers. End communications.”
Also reported in the area were charred ambulances. Local hospitals reported the vehicles missing years ago. The emergency medical technicians are considered dead or missing.



AFTER


THE 40 bus comes by every hour. The row of concrete seats is empty. No one is around for a change. Two in the morning. Such a pretty, silent night. Security guards wearing yellow shirts and black helmets ride through the mall parking lot on speedy bikes, bored. I hear them behind me whizzing by, brakes echoing.
I think about what a fellow co-worker, Mary, told me – about her drunken escapade the past Saturday, of how she climbed from balcony to balcony like some kind of goddamn ape while partying at some fancy hotel in Waikiki. She seemed to be proud of the fact the police came and drilled them, because she repeated the details twice, while I nodded my head and smiled and tried to line up a row of jean-skirts.
I remember my night that Saturday. I remember being at a club called Scrupples in Waikiki and downing four SoCos and two 151Cokes so I’d get the courage to dance with a fellow friend of a friend, Masha.
It worked, only I don’t fully remember what happened. The events of the night pop in and out: …on dance floor…rap music playing…freaking…one girl in front of me, one in back…in bathroom trying to vomit…nothing comes out…walking back to my seat…lost in club…everything’s one big spinning blur…feelings of embarrassment…stand by DJ booth to observe my twisting surroundings…find seat…time to go…use bathroom…not sure if I puke this time…in car…spitting out of speeding, yellow car…3rd spit comes out THICK…park at Zippy’s…Larrin walks out and announces that I vomited on door…tells me to put my head in the bushes…waiting for table…girl walks up to me…face moving too fast…don’t say anything stupid…is she my OTHER overnight manager??…in bathroom waiting for the guy in the next stall to leave so I can vomit…I’m so shy…vomiting in toilet…so noisy outside…leave stall…greeted by tall, odd, white fellow wearing a golden necklace with a large golden cross…Jesus is on it, depressed…odd man telling me that I shouldn’t drink water because it makes the sickness worse…I go “Oh oh oh thank you” and leave and sit down at our table…learn that I was in there for 30 minutes, although it felt like 15.
I’m tummy-sickened the whole Sunday and go to work at 7:30pm still drunk from the night before.
I sit at the bus stop thinking about all of this, fearing that my bus might be late. I want to go home and work on Mannequins in an Ambulance to free some pent up creativity before my sanity explodes and I end up jumping from a cliff.
There’s a sudden chilly breeze.
An omen, maybe?
I’m almost through with my bottle of Coke. I hear solo-chatter and flick my cig away, afraid that the stranger might ask for one.
It’s a bum, judging by his ramblings and his dilapidated clothing.
I can’t tell if he’s African or Hawaiian.
He wears all black and is malnourished, a blue backpack slung over his shoulder. He appears to have trouble walking, and is mumbling something fascinating.
He sees me, words still slurring.
He talks as if about to fall over.
Good lord, I’m going to have to sit through this until the bus comes, I think to myself, which might be for another 30 minutes.
“What time the bus get here, man?”
I try to appear as manly as possible, straightening my back as I say, “2:30.”
“2:30?”
“Shouldn’t have to wait too long.”
“Wait? I can wait, playa. Been waiting 20 years! 20 years, man,” he says, “shit, I’ll be all right. “Been in prison for 20 years – just got out. In and out. It’s on like popcorn, you know what I mean, G? In and out for 40…20 years! Shit, you know why they call me The Dog?” (before I can respond) “I came from the pound, see, that’s why they call me the dog. Just got out, playa. 20 years!”
I nod through all of this, trying to smile. I’m not afraid, just greatly disappointed.
I never look at his face—a leathery face that’s shadowed by the rim of his black baseball cap and the overhead lights.
He stands before me, moving around as if about to go somewhere. His lower, two front teeth are missing, so he keeps wiping the drool from his lips.
“They call me the dog, playa. I’m a survivor, see. I’s gots friends everywhere. That’s how I survive on the streets. It gives you sense. I’ve got more sense than a merry-go-round. HA! I’m the dog. I got dog-eyes. I live life as it come. I survive all!”
Chocolate kills dogs.
He extends his fist and I bump it with mine, although everything in me logical shrieks to run away. He sits next to me, and I know my bus will never come. 
“Where you just come from, man?”
“Work.”
“What’s your name, playa?”
“Raymund.”
He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #2.
“My name’s Eddie Murphy.”
He says it with a smile and I’m not sure if that’s his name by coincidence or if he’s just trying to be cute. Nonetheless, he smells bad.
I smile and nod.
He looks through his bag and takes out a lighter – which I never see him use.
“20 years. Been in and out for dealing and smoking. Look at me doing all this talking….”
Uh oh. Is he offended? I point to my ear and explain that I like to listen. He in return tells me that all he’s doing is trying to do is teach me “life lessons”.
He stands in front of me and points to my tattoo of The Eye of Horus, on my right arm.
“You got the eye, man. That’s cool, man. I got eyes too—I need them to look around and survive on the streets. See my eyes, man?” He leans in close to me and for the first time I see that his eyes are so very dark and deep and frightening (the face of an anorexic bulldog). He tells me how he tries to talk to people on the streets but they just tell him to shut up, and how we all need friends to keep us alive and strong. 
He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #3. 
He demonstrates how much he needs his eyes and points out a security guard in a yellow shirt and tight black shorts in the parking lot, riding away on a bicycle.
“See that, man? I got dog’s eyes, playa. Shit, I’m doing all right. In prison I ain’t talk to no one…use my eyes to keep me clear. You know some fools be getting all up in me? They be telling me lies and all—they think I be lying, man! But I’m no liar. See….Look in these eyes, man. See? Dog’s eyes.” At this point he starts to get aggressive. “I’m not telling you this, man, but you lie to me, you goin’ down and you stayn’ down, you feelin’ me, dog?!” 
I nod quickly, my bangs flapping.
My stomach bites me. My teeth grind and lights flash behind my eyes. I’m ready for anything.
I’m glad I have no hickies on my neck, or face, for I fear what opinions he might have to share on the subject.
Passion purpura is the medical term for a hickey.
He saunters away and picks up something that’s been sitting on top a newspaper dispenser. He mumbles something proud and walks back with a large half bottle of Corona.
“See this, man! This is good shit, yo. Not like those bottles those fools be pissin’ into, know what I mean? Not cool.”
I confirm his disgust by saying, “Not cool.”
He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #4.
What if there’s actually urine in that bottle but he just can’t tell? Would it ward off his hunger? Would he gain weight? Maybe semen should be in there.
The average teaspoon of semen contains 5-7 calories.
He sticks out a lazy fist.
Fist bump #5.
What, can he read my mind?
“You got to have eyes, man, EYES. Corona…” He takes a sip and leaves the liquid in his mouth, struggling to say something while trying to find a place to put down his drink. 
He hides it behind his backpack, at his feet.
He looks at me as if I just caught him doing something bad.
He smiles.
“You see my moves, man? You learn them moves in time. Know where? The streets. That’s why they call me the dog, playa, know what I mean? I come from the pound! It’s on like popcorn, you hearing me, G?”
He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #6.
“I got friends all over the place—Samoan, Tongan, Hawaiian. I kicking it with them over on The Big Island. You believe in God?” I nod and smile through all of this. He extends his fist…
Fist bump#7.
…and asks if I ever heard of Jesus.
I tell him Yup and he tells me:
“I’m Jesus, man.”
And then he laughs and again I’m not sure if he’s joking or if he’s crazy.
He looks at me.
“I’m not crazy, man. Me doing all the talking, I’m not crazy. I’m just trying to teach you something, playa, that’s all. You’re all right, Ray. Oh! See that? I remembered your name, right? HA! It’s on like popcorn.”
I want to say it’s on like Donkey Kong, but I don’t.
He looks past me and his eyes light up again. I look over my shoulder and see a friend who works overnight at Abercrombie and Fitch. She waves hi and walks up. I see that the man has crossed the street, either scared, or in need of a bathroom.
I try to look comfortable.
“Just got off from work?”
She smiles, brightly.
“Yeah,” she says, and shows me her keys, holding it as if ready to stab someone. “I’ll be okay.”
Something in me screams, Walk with her to Hawaiian Brains and get away from this place!
She tells me again that she’ll be safe and I wave as she walks off.
The man crosses the street again.
It would be rude of me to just up and leave. It would hurt his feelings. This will all end soon. The bus is coming. It’s coming soon. Just tough it out. Listen to the man. Make his night. He’s not a threat.
But just in case…better move your bag while he’s not looking.
He says something about having pals all over the place and sits and takes another sip from his Corona and looks around trying to hide it – all of this done very slowly. He seems to have trouble swallowing. He makes a weird sour face while taking down the alcohol. He then hears something and stands up, spotting a security guard as he rides up to us. 
This fellow chats with the security guard, who apparently stopped a bus for this poor soul.
They bump fists and the security guard explains that he has to go to the 3rd floor. They say their goodbyes and the man sits down next to me.
“See that, man? We all need friends, you hear me?”
He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #8. 
A chubby white woman, dressed as if just coming from a club, walks by while crying on a cell phone.
The man points at her.
“See that man? Two things we need in life: Corona, and pussy.”
I give a fake laugh that comes out as a grunt. Every now and then I realize that my forced smile turns into a grimace and I make it a point to fix it before he gets a good look at me.
He bolts up, hearing something, neck straight.
“The bus is coming, I can hear it. I have strong ears, man—what you need in the world.”
I look and don’t see anything.
When the bus turns a corner I am genuinely impressed by this man’s ears. 
On his 15-minute break, the bus driver opens the door and chats with someone inside. From this point, the man sitting next to me lowers his voice, saying how the bus driver is his buddy and that we all need friends. He says that he’s like the trees, how he’s everywhere like Jesus, like nature. He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #9.
He points to a building in the distance and tells me that he has 15 houses, and that his landlord is married to a prince. I try to sound genuinely impressed, but it doesn’t work. He stands in front of me and opens his tiny leather wallet, producing a string of weird keys that look like they came out of The Lord of The Rings.
I make a surprised expression–eyes wide–and go “Ohhhhhhh…” nodding my head because that means I believe him for some reason.
He puts them away.
 “People always tell me that I’m lying when I tell them I got 15 houses, playa, know what I mean? They always try to talk dirty like that to me, and I tell’em ‘Back down, holms, because once you goin’ down, you stayin’ down!’”
He takes a step close.
“But you, man…you got style. Your hair. You look like Michael Jackson.”
He holds out his fist.
Fist bump #10.
I humor him by laughing and saying how I wish I were Michael Jackson because he’s rich.
“Why you wanna be a celebrity, man? All the money they spend…they still ain’t happy, know what I mean, dog? They got problems. Look at OJ? And Michael Jackson. He has sex problems.”
That last part he says softly.
I get an urge to nod and say My nigga. Would that be smart? Should I even say that? Would it amuse him so?
The bus starts up again and we get on. That same part of my brain screams, Sit by the bus driver and avoid this weirdo!
I show the driver my bus pass and follow the man to the back of the bus. He sits by the window, and throughout the ride I nod my head as he talks, although I can’t understand a word of it through the roaring engine. Between stops he says something about the bible and Moses and how he was going to the Promise Land and how the bus driver – his “friend” – was taking him to the Promise Land. He seemed very excited about it, clapping his hands and slapping his knee and laughing. I see that his nails are an inch long and dirty. His words are tainted with booze.
Downtown China Town.
He pulls on the cord, and the recorded voice says, “Stop Requested.”
The man says, “Time to go, explore the land,” and for a second I fear that he expects me to come along.
But no.
We bump fists (#11) and he stands by the exit.
The bus stops.
He gives me the thumbs up, and I point at him, smiling and nodding.
We move on.
I wish the man well; hope nothing awful happens to him on his quest for the Promise Land.
A phrase enters my mind: Right on, right on.
I realize that I’m holding an empty bottle of Coke, and I imagine it is filled with piss.
Whoever he really was, he was Living the Life, living in the Promise Land, where he’s master of his ways. I want that, too. I want to be master of my weird ways.
Right on, right on.

The End

Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.



Raymund Hensley is the author of the humorous books Aloha Mannequins, A Revelation, How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter, and The Zombie Hunter’s Bible. He lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/
https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley
https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/
https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs

ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

"Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

