
In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 4
Armageddon Trigger Finger
Liam Gibbs


If you purchased this book without a cover, you are a rare individual indeed. Note that not many people would want a coverless book. You're different. You see the beauty within, not the outward appearance. You don't need a cover because you don't want to judge this book. I get it.
But this book is naked without a cover. Naked and ashamed. It has no love. It's cold in winter. Won't you please donate to the Clothe a Book Foundation? Every dollar you give goes to providing a cover for a book in need of your help. Please. Donate today.
Thank you.


IN A GALAXY FAR, FAR AWRY book 4: ARMAGEDDON TRIGGER FINGER
Copyright (c) 2017 Liam Gibbs
All rights reserved.

Cover picture: Azer Babaev.
Cover art colors: Stanislav Leonov.
Cover concept and design: Liam Gibbs.
Cover me. I'm going in.

Intergalactic Protection sponsorship art by Jarrod Atterbury.

This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission. The book's permission, that is. So ask it before heading to the photocopy machine.

This book is a work of fiction. It's not even inspired by true events. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, incidents, grand-mal seizures, blatant lewd public displays, and things that come out of someone's uncle's mouth at Thanksgiving are used fictitiously. Any resemblances to actual persons, living or dead, events, and locales is entirely coincidental. Even the stuff on page 18. Don't look yet! Work your way in to it!

ISBN 13: 978-0995964976
First printing: February 2017

{ PLOT DEVICE PUBLISHING }
The Table of Contents That One Day May Save Your Life
At the Front
Other Books in the Series
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger
Chapter One: The Pajama Party for Your Preapocalypse Warmup
Chapter Two: Sugar-Rushing the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory
Chapter Three: The Last Brain Cell Never Dies Quietly
Chapter Four: Stupidity Has a New Name, and That Name Is Biff-Like
Chapter Five: Telemarketing Turntable
Chapter Six: Maturity, Begone!
Chapter Seven: Factory Defect in the Think Tank
Chapter Eight: This Chapter Was Written before a Live Studio Audience
Chapter Nine: Product Misplacement
Chapter Ten: Half-Cocking an Empty Gun
Chapter Eleven: Creeping Meatballism Strikes Again!
Chapter Twelve: The Armageddon Checklist...Double-Checked
Chapter Thirteen: Short Interlude into the Preposterous Wasteland of Thought
Chapter Fourteen: Unwelcome Home
Chapter Fifteen: The Plot Convolutes
At the Back
Book 5, Chapter One: Crapping the Terran Genome
Appendix: Frequently Asked Questions
Appendix: Intergalactic Protection: List of Advertisements
About That Guy You Just Put in Your Will
Connect with the Series
Available on the Author's Super-Awesome Site
This stupendous, amazing, spectacular, not-at-all-overhyped comedy/science-fiction series can be found in the following parts:

Book 1: Serial Fiction Sideshow
Book 2: Home Sweet Home Invasion
Book 3: Technophobia
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger
Book 5: The Genetic Equation
Book 6: Power Tool
Book 7: The Lesser of Two Egos
Book 8: Untitled of Attitude Adjustments
Book 9: Those We Left Behind
Book 10: Metaphor for Life
Book 11: Oh, Crock, Here Comes a Meteor!
Book 12: His Kingdom Come
Book 13: A Wolf in Sheep's Armor
Book 14: Man Versus Machine Part 1 of 1
Book 15: Our New Hiring Policy
Book 16: Life like Broken Glass
Book 17: The Church of Steeple
Book 18: Blood Bunny
Book 19: Disease of Behavior
Book 20: The Paper Tiger's Yardstick
Book 21: This One Has a Dancing Gibbon
Book 22: My Brother's Captor
Book 23: Marching Orders
Book 24: To Wake the Deactivated
Book 0: The Story So Far Vol. 1

Please visit the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy site for all these free e-books and more information.

Other Dissertations by the Author concerning the Socioeconomic Condition of Society
Maybe check out these other things 'cause they're superfine too!
Three Flash Fictions, available upon request from the author
Episodes of random television shows playing in your head
Dedicated to...
Mom and Pop Gibbs for tolerating me, sometimes to within an inch of my life. Kudos for raising this fine, upstanding gentleman and releasing him into the wild.
(P.S. I didn't buy the "fine, upstanding gentleman" bit either.)
(P.P.S. I do eat all my vegetables, though.)
Acknowledgements
Yes, it's that time again for me to slightly regard with a how-do-you-do to all the people who helped this story roll off the couch one morning, dust the cheese puffs off its stained T-shirt, and become a real book so it could pay rent for once.
These are the shout-outs I like to offer my backup singers in the hopes that they'll stop shooting me that predatory look every time I ask for more help. So, let's give it up for...
...Matt Levesque. The editing job you do on my books keeps my facts and details straight. Without you, Reef would probably be missing the gun he was using to pistol-whip generics two pages before.
...Steve Baptista. Your brainiac mind helps my details and facts to stay the course. Without your keen eye, the milk Power Plant splooged out of his nose would no longer be all over Franchise's hair.
...Mark Nadon. Your expertise and advice help me keep the details in Legion's battle against Master Asinine realistic, or at least as realistic as a space opera comedy that involves something called a Face Blitzkrieg can get. And our occasional writing hangouts really help get the creative juices flowing. It's been too long. Let's do one again soon.
...LeAnh Gibbs. Without you handling the day-to-dayness at home, Smithereens would probably have far fewer ways to rig Kamikaze to detonate.
...Bernie Pallek. Without your help, without your web-site expertise, without your assistance at the expos, cons, fairs, and appearances, Schizophrenic might not have made it out of the publication of book 2 for a few more rousing insults at anyone within shouting distance. Or broadcast range when he gets his hands on the right equipment.
...my grandfather, William Gibbs. Without you and your persuading me to pick up this writing bug in the first place, Ace Spandex would never have graced the world. The world could have probably done without Multipurpose, though.
...kitchen appliances. Without you, I couldn't nuke, bake, refrigerate, toast, or brew my fine breakfast goods. You helped, too, kitchen appliances. Pat yourselves on the back. (Not you, stovetop. That's the last time you burn my eggs while I'm not paying attention.)
Prologue
The whole deal about writing is you have to love it. It's not even a like relationship. Love it. Adore it. Loving is giving 100 percent. Liking is giving somewhere around 40 percent, 50 percent, maybe 90 percent. In this regard, even 90 percent will get a manuscript 90 percent done. Trust me. I have a few 90 percenters on my computer, a few I'll-get-back-to-you-one-day-manuscript manuscripts. I liked those manuscripts. I even enjoyed them. A lot. But I didn't love them. It takes love to finish a manuscript. It takes dedication. It takes sweat—literally during those trying stages. It takes adoration (and a lot of humility) to get feedback.
So let me elaborate on what I said earlier: You want to see a manuscript from word one to word ten or word one thousand? It takes like. You want to see a manuscript from word one to publication? It takes love. End of story (pun maybe a little intended).
The whole deal about writing is you have to love it. And loving it means enduring all the drafts you don't want to go through before you move on to your next great story. I typically go through several drafts before I consider a manuscript ready for professional editing (or professional soul-shredding).
So, whether you're thinking of writing your first novel, novella, short story, or poem, let me walk you through the road ahead...if you decide you like the look of my road. (Everyone's is unique. Pick your own creative road, but dedicate yourself to walking it.) Here we go.
The first draft for me is just the junk: I barf up my ideas on paper. I just spew the stupid, ugly, stinky thing out. I think a lot of writers trip themselves up by needing to have something near perfect the first time around. Does a first manuscript need to smell nice and look like a bouquet? No! I live by the following unwritten (that pun wasn't intended) credo that I've heard on a lot of writing forums: "Just get it down on paper." (Or computer. Or stone tablet. Or whatever.) Don't worry about character motivations or whether yell or bellow is the perfect word. It's all just details. First draft is dedicated to disgorging your story on paper. The only detail you might need to worry about is story structure: it might be tough to fix act II in later drafts than on the first try. (Easier than you think, though.) So just get your grand adventure on paper.
Save the tidying for later. In the later drafts, worry about if you misused, repeated, or forgot words. Reorder your paragraphs and sentences if these two sentences make more sense together than those two. Or if that other sentence is altogether unneeded. That's the second draft.
The third draft and those that follow involve making sure to engage the reader's senses more. Don't limit yourself to telling them what to picture, but broaden their experience: what to smell, hear, taste, and feel. How is setting lending its own foreboding feel? What does damp air feel like? What texture does animal fur have? What aggressive smell is Multipurpose wearing today?
Make sure there are enough props in your story instead of moving characters around a lifeless soundstage. Give them things to handle, things to move around, things to bump into.
Remove redundancies.
Give your work a mix of computer and paper editing. Yes, print the story on paper. For some reason, your eyes work differently when you look at something on paper rather than on the screen. Use your pen. Mark things up with crazy arrows, circles, and scratches. Gut it! Don't make the mistake of doing this just once either. Twice is good. I try to get at least two paper edits in.
By the way, this is what I mean by putting sweat into your story. Literal sweat. Paper edits are the edits I dread most. When there are parts you'd rather skip in your art, this is mine. Why? It's the most time consuming. This takes weeks, while an on-screen edit might take one week at most. And you have to slog through a paper edit twice: one time to mark changes on paper and then another to add those changes in to the computer. But do it. It pays off. This is part of the love of 100 percent.
At this point, I usually give a story to one of my betareaders. This is before I continue editing. "Why not give your betareader the unpolished, perfect-as-it-can-be version, Liam?" There's a pro and a con to waiting. The pro is your betareader reads the closest to publication you consider your manuscript to be. The con is, if you wait, in the meantime, you'll edit things your betareader might not like, sometimes small things but sometimes sweeping changes. Why edit through something that will be gutted later if you'll just have to repeat the process on those rewrites? It's up to you and your creative process if you want to wait. This is my road, but yours might be different. This is why I always ask more than one person to read any manuscript. You get an early opinion and can make repairs before getting that later, close-to-publication view.
Ask your betareader questions. What characters did they like or not like? What were their opinions on those characters? Who stood out? Whose story was this in their eyes? Who did they relate to? What chapters worked? What settings lent a tone to those chapters? Come up with a list of questions and hit up your betareaders later.
You can use further drafts to change or remove uninteresting words (don't say "walk" when you can say "amble" or "strut") or remove useless adjectives and adverbs (do you really need to say "current" or "entirely" when the noun or verb already implies those add-ons?). You know, those qualifiers you add when you think a word needs emphasis but it can work better standing alone.
This is love. All told, I complete nine or ten drafts before you guys see what Power Plant is messing up or what Legion is trying to stop him from messing up. This is what I mean by giving 100 percent love. You want to give 90 percent? You might complete the first draft...or even the second. But I guarantee you'll stop somewhere along the line. Most likely, it'll be the paper drafts. Ho boy, the paper drafts.
But when you give 100 percent, you get something like what you're about to read. And it's awesome. And, trust me, you're awesome for getting there. Not everyone does. Not everyone has 100 percent in them.
But you did. You do. Get on it. Send it to me if you want. I'd love to check it out.
But first see what Master Asinine has in store. It's coming up next.
Ciao until next time, friends.

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 4
Armageddon Trigger Finger

Chapter One: The Pajama Party for Your Preapocalypse Warmup
November 12, 9109. 7:42 p.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
Hidden in anonymity, Number A wrung his metal hands together with a cackle and anticipated glorious tomorrow—the day this galaxy, Stratus Cloud, would die.
Packed like hungry flies on a dog dump and thickening the surrounding air to the murky consistency of peanut butter, he and the cloaked doom troopers—a hodgepodge of the Terran, Haralsian, and Trioxidillian species—congregated in and around Number CA's farmhouse, which was no more than a gigantic shed. Rather, not a shed but their home base. Their shedquarters. And why? For the sinister purpose of genocide.
Number A discerned only the blurred outlines of the other figures who dwelled in the nebulous abyss beyond his hand in front of his face. The crowd was remarkably quiet in the darkness. Not a shifting foot or billowing robe ruffled the silence, and the infrequent voice that rose from the depths quickly sank back into the tarry beyond.
He couldn't see the crowd, though he knew at least Number CS stood close by because he kept playing with the glow light on his new watch. That annoyed Number A less than smelling Number BB's eggy "gas giants" peep out every two or three minutes.
"Someone please light some candles," Number A said. "Not the Roman ones."
Flickering matches dotted the darkness and descended on candles that littered the shelves. The resulting light revealed the shedquarters in a mysterious bronze glow.
Hidden in cloaks similar to but darker than Number A's, the Numbers teemed about on both the ground floor and the splinter-infested mezzanine, pressed together like grubs crawling around one another. Those who didn't fit in the farmhouse mingled outside around the barbecue, the NO COOTIES ALLOWED sign pegged to the door, and Number CA's old farming equipment. Beers in hands, he and the other...uhm, like...four hundred or s—Crock, whose bright idea was it to hire so many cloaked figures? His?
Yeah. Probably.
The Numbers met to discuss this galaxy's destruction, their greatest task. Nothing could prepare them except this, their biweekly Cajun-style barbecue cookout. If only they'd gathered fewer forces, maybe they could have afforded a hideout that wasn't laser-painted indigo. Indigo looked hideous, especially in this light. But, man, repainting hideouts was as expensive as buying them.
And perhaps if a computer error hadn't converted their serial designations into letter codes, they could have saved themselves some embarrassment. But Number 1 had turned to Number A, and no matter how much Number A insisted otherwise, the others still called their collective the Numbers. That was the last time he trusted Letchtech's Spreadsheet Calculoso Virtuoso.
Number A swept the hood of his chestnut-brown cloak out of his eyes and assessed the gathering. These cloaks were thick and stifling. The farmhouse's radiator didn't help either, since it was broken and couldn't be shut off. He disliked the blasting heat. And every few seconds, the rattle of something caught inside the radiator barked like a gunshot.
Guns. Number A hated guns. Abhorred them. They were ineffective garbage. He rubbed his metal hands together, and a pang of loss filled him. Guns. So destructive.
And indigo wasn't exactly a manly color for a farmhouse.
He untied the drawstrings that dangled around his cloak's neck. "Can everyone hear me in the back?" Hands rose in confirmation. One accidentally jabbed against the low ceiling. "Good. Before I start tonight's meeting, I'd like to remind everyone that our suicide mission wouldn't be possible without Kitchen Gear, whose knives were responsible for seventeen percent of last year's bloodiest stab wounds.
"Now, let's start our first order of business. Everyone, please thank Number FD for booking our guest speaker, Colonel Chaos, for last week's meeting. His lesson on preapocalyptic tax deductions was tremendously valuable. A big round of applause for Colonel Chaos, who wanted to return next week except there won't be one." Applause crackled from the crowd like light rain on a windowpane, but it dwindled quickly. Not having a next week was a downer.
With the pleasantries of the opening speech set aside, Number A's tone darkened. He heaved air through his stuffed nose and accidentally sprayed out specks of snot. And there was no facial tissue handy. That was why he wore such a baggy cloak: wiping material. "And now, my fellow Numbers, our time has come. Gentlemen—"
"Hey!" came a voice from inside the thick of the mezzanine throng.
"And lady—"
"Hey!"
"And talking dinosaur-monkey-llama, the eve of this galaxy's destruction, the precursor to its deliverance from oppression, the penultimate moment to its liberation is upon us.
"For far too long, this galaxy's supposed authorities and their enemies have ravaged the stars. Thy have ripped across planets, wreaking destruction. And they have made it practically impossible to go one week without preempting Dromedary Medical Team. That is the last time I will tolerate missing the final five minutes of the emergency-chainsaw-amputation episode. That was a good one."
"Hear, hear!" attacked a voice from the rear wall. Number BC, the fictional-tracheotomy enthusiast.
"But now the galaxy's destruction has come." He'd already covered that. Way to under-rehearse his speech. "The powers that be and—"
"C is for cookie!"
"Yes, Number C. We know. Please refrain from commenting until my pep presentation concludes. Anyway, the powers that be and the criminal empires they fight must stop. We are sick...and tired...and really, really fed up with the subjugation that those authorities and criminal empires impose, with the wars they wage, with the property destroyed in combat, with the stuff blowing up, with networks preempting our favorite shows. Actually, the stuff blowing up is pretty neat. But the rest is still fed-uppable."
"C is for—"
"Number C, stuff it. To the rest of you, we are well equipped. We have our starship. We have our weapons. We have our stactics. We have—"
"Excuse me." Number EE filed forward from the midst of the mob. He cleared his throat. "Maybe I missed something—I dozed off there for a second—but what's a stactic?"
Number A paused. "I said 'stactic'?" He replayed his words in his mind. "I guess I was trying to say strategy and tactic at the same time. So, uh, a stactic is a strategy-slash-tactic. And we have our stactics. Lots of them. Good work getting those stactics together, guys. Really, really good work.
"As I was saying, we have our weapons. We have our stactics. We have our Farsdale-brand force fields. We have our cloaks. And, finally, no longer on back order, we have our adult diapers with matching buttock designs. Tomorrow morning, with no unnecessary bathroom breaks, we will initiate our operation. We will descend upon this so-called Intergalactic Peace Symposium with deadly flatulence and crush all those who oppose us. We will use their Blast-o-Matic explosive against them. The superpowers of this galaxy will no longer oppress everyone in the name of 'protection,' because we will nuke the galaxy itself!" Pause for effect. "Number F, you have studied the facilities that currently hold the Blast-o-Matic. Please detail our method of infiltration. And Number BB, release the silent-but-deadlies outside. That one smelled like a rotten fish taco."
"Number F is out with his bowling league," someone from the back said.
Oh, right. Bowling night was tonight. Number A flicked his hood out of his eyes again, though that proved useless since that stupid backlight on Number CS's watch pointed right in his vision. Would he just—"Number CS, if you keep playing with your watch, I'm going to rip it off, and your wrist is coming along for the ride. Got that? Thank you. Fine. No, I don't need to check out the fantastic dual alarm or the holographic display. Okay, can anybody explain the final details for our method of infiltration? No? How many times must I tell you to build some redundancy into the system? Is that too much to ask? Have we learned nothing from our mission at the roller rink?"
"Uh..." That ape-toned word sounded like Number KZ. The shuffling of cloak rubbing coarsely against unshaven legs grated through the crowd. Number KZ pushed through the thick. "Number F called me earlier. Explained things to me but...I dunno. Way too complicated. He said we can just wing it."
"Wing it." Number A rubbed his chin. Sure. Okay. Why not? Their mysterious and shadowy benefactor Lord Number—now called Lord Alpha due to the naming mishap—had said anything would work as long as they met their two goals: First, locate the Blast-o-Matic to destroy everything. Second, thwart any opposition. Lord Alpha had assured Number A of the inevitability of opposition after ordering him to make one of the symposium speakers fall "ill," which guaranteed Matross Legion a spot. And that opposition would need to be thwarted. Number A couldn't understand why Alpha wanted the leader of the Good Guys to attend, though. He would only obstruct things.
And who was Lord Alpha? Number A had never met him, had never communicated face-to-face with the enigmatic chief of Numbers. But if Lord Alpha said anything would work, they'd make it work.
"After two or three seconds of careful deliberation, I have decided we shall wing it." Ha. He'd like his wife to call him nonspontaneous and anal-retentive now. Number A had never been nonspontaneous, at least not without incredible scrutiny and forethought. And he'd learned from The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Anarchists that winging it stopped anyone who had stolen your plans from anticipating your next move.
And, despite the naysayers, anal-retentive was so spelled with a hyphen.
"Yes, wing it. We shall wing it...to freedom!"
The crowd exploded in a cheer that drove Number A against the back wall. He threw his fist into the air and watched a calamity of shadows shift, fists rising with his. The unanimous roar stirred the masses of the Numbers, of...the Evil, Atrocious, Harmful, Spiteful, Villainous, Brutish, Evildoing Guys Who Do Evil!
Yes, he found thesauruses handy. Or thesauri. Or...crock, where was his dictionary when he needed to check a pluralization?
The cheering overflowed, and a second thrust of fists challenged the air. Though the Numbers would perish meaningfully in the impending destruction, the mysterious Lord Alpha would perish and be pleased. And freedom itself would reign, triumphant forever. Freedom—
Knock, knock against the door. The cheering hushed, making way for a nasal voice. "Honey, please ask your guests to keep it down. Katey's trying to finish her geography homework."
Chapter Two: Sugar-Rushing the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory
Sigh.
Trioxidillian soldier Matross Legion's mood darkened. He wrinkled his brow, massaged his hairless scalp, and examined the millimeter-thick computer datasheet he held. It contained his speech for tomorrow's Intergalactic Peace Symposium at the Firmatech Center. The organizers had invited him yesterday as a last-minute addition to the speaking panel after a previous panelist had taken ill. He had spent all day writing the thirty minutes of this trite piece of garbage, and he wanted to scream—argh!
All day spent writing this shlop. And it amounted to drivel! His final words? "Stay in school, kids. Unlike most people I know, it might work for you." In his mind, he heard a clown guffaw through that sentence. His speech would bomb before it even began. He wanted to file the datasheet into the incinerator slot on the side of his oak desk.
From word one, the speech sounded disastrous, and it maintained that standard until its last syllabic drudge. He doubted it could captivate the attention of a paid studio audience...or children. He doubted it could captivate toast. "Hey, hey, toast. Power Plant's foibles this week have been brought to you by the letters r and z, the number one, and the pain of mental deterioration!"
Wait a second. Compared with his speech, that wasn't half bad.
He pounded his chair with a fist and then slammed the overflowing datasheets that blanketed the desk. He had promised himself he'd clean the datasheets up. One day.
His head pulsed with angry blood that darkened his green skin. He tried to crumple up the datasheet, but activated datasheets hardened to titanium solidity. He tried to smash it over his knee. That didn't work. He smacked it on the edge of his desk. That didn't work, either. He clamped his teeth over its corner and bit down. That di—Wow. He had to commend this thing's craftsmanship.
He flung the datasheet at a high shelf on the wall where a collection of awards sat. It knocked over his Public Choice Award for Protective Excellence, 9108. Last year's honor for the successful launch of the Good Guys.
Successful? He was no closer to defeating Lowensland—who'd taken to calling himself Master Asinine—and his Bad Guys than when he and that lout had served at Intergalactic Protection together years ago. At least Legion hadn't won the 9108 Award for White Trash, though he should send that congratulatory bouquet to Wifebeater McJones. Four thousand one hundred years in a row. Long live clone lineage.
Legion felt embarrassed to even attend the symposium. Everyone else could trade strategies, policies. What could Legion offer? A top-ten list of Power Plant's least costly judgment calls...like when he destroyed a transport he thought had cursed at him. Why must that imp keep mistaking "Your door is ajar" for "Power Plant looks like a scrawny stooge"? Legion wished the young agent would stop bragging about conquering the forces of backtalk. He wished even more that Power Plant would stop bragging about it over galactic broadcast. Power Plant used the same brash judgment as Lowensland on a cherry cola bender. At least both had stopped wearing their battle jammies in the field.
What was worse was that Legion had to hitch a ride to the symposium. When Ace Spandex had destroyed the station's amok haunt control, the software that governed locations so well it made things seem haunted, after the Bad Guys had reprogrammed it, he'd destroyed their only means of opening the hangar bays. This was how the Good Guys' computer expert dealt with system errors. Anyway, the Good Guys had one starship outside the bays, but everything else was locked up. And, with Legion away for two days, they needed their single available transport, starship or otherwise, at home in case of emergencies.
Legion clonked his face on the datasheets covering his desk. His gabber, the communication device nestled in his antenna, plopped out and rolled away. If he'd had a nose, that nose would have crunched into his brain when his head dropped, killing him instantly. Too bad he didn't have one.
Maybe Legion should ask Car Alarm to orate his speech/scream it out/shatter every window at the Firmatech Center. That way no one would realize his speech was trash.
"Alaphus, what would You have me write?" Legion squeezed the cross that dangled on his necklace. Alaphus, his all-seeing god, could have written a great speech. Too bad He didn't do peace symposiums.
A knock on his office door. Legion throttled back in his seat, his head playing echoes of the fatal gunshot Lowensland had years ago dealt their mutual friend, Sopher. No, just Ace Spandex, Power Plant, and Franchise waiting outside. Legion had called them here earlier, but he thought the haunt control would have announced their arrival. Oh, wait. Ace Spandex had destroyed the haunt control.
Still shaken by the sound of the gunshot, Legion reminded himself of the words of Patton, his superior and the Good Guys' liaison with IP: "Control your anger or it will endanger everyone." He clenched his teeth over his acerbic disgust for Lowensland, that traitorous scumbag who had murdered Sopher and left him with this guilt. He could control nothing.
He rose, dragged himself over to his datasheet, retrieved it, and tapped the deactivation icon in its corner. The datasheet turned red and slumped like a wet leaf.
Another knock. With his datasheet rolled in his hand, he hurried to the door. His hip, gouged by glass in his fight with Schizophrenic when the bulky Bad Guy had escaped Good Guy custody, only prodded him with a nibble of pain now. By tomorrow, the healing putty would complete its work and he'd be rid of its vinegary reek.
He grabbed the groove in the door's side. He yanked, yanked again, and finally managed to force it halfway open. It screeched a metallic protest with every heave. Ace couldn't reinstall the haunt control soon enough. At least the construction of Station One, the Good Guys' moon-sized headquarters, was finished three days ago. With the Good Guys' home complete, Legion could soon move into his permanent office above the station's main lobby. That was one worry off his mind.
He stepped back and rubbed his arm. The gash along it had healed but still left a slight tingle of pain.
Ace Spandex, Franchise, and Power Plant stood in the doorway. They'd arrived at the same time. Convenient. Two of the three were dressed in their impact suits. Ace wore his burgundy impact suit with his baseball cap facing backward, a splash of brown hair peeking out. Power Plant wore his, a blue outfit with yellow stripes down the sleeves, blond hair catching the light. Only Franchise was dressed casually: blue jeans and a T-shirt over his thin frame.
Ace Spandex slapped his palm over his face. He stopped smack-chewing his bubblegum. "Guys, this argument is pointles—"
Oblivious to Ace Spandex's protest, Franchise chopped the air at Power Plant. "Jeffy, a thundermammal cannot defeat a gorilla/zebra hybrid in a kickboxing championship battle. Maybe, maybe if the thundermammal was juiced up on stimulants. But there are mandatory coffee tests for animals now."
Ace Spandex waved his hands. "It doesn't matter—"
And Power Plant's thoughtful retort: "But thundermammals is big mamminals. Gorilla/zebras can'ts even spank 'em heads." Power Plant's typically irrefutable claptrap to disprove Franchise's bulletproof nonsense.
Whatever adolescent dispute Power Plant and Franchise had engaged in abruptly ended when Power Plant's lanky jangle of limbs leaped at Legion. "This my congratulations party?"
Why were Terrans so gullible? "No, we don't throw congratulation parties when you eat all your vegetables," Legion said. "I only told you that so you'd come when I called you for once."
Legion contemplated inquiring about their dispute. Something about a compulsion for self-torment. Was that the buzzword psychiatrists used? "What are you guys arguing about...this time?" He sent a prayer to Alaphus for a quick and painless answer.
Ace held up a halting hand. "If you thought the can-you-scream-in-your-head-loud-enough-to-drown-out-real-life debate was bad enough..."
"Then I withdraw the question."
Legion led the way to his desk. He sat, which caused some of the datasheets to slip onto the floor. He decided to leave them.
Chewing his gum loudly, Ace sat on the opposite side. The others stood. Legion didn't understand why—there were enough seats for everyone—but he didn't ask. Power Plant had sometimes squirted water from his nose when asked too many questions. Whether it came involuntarily or on command, Legion didn't want it happening here.
He almost spoke before Franchise began cracking his knuckles. He thought of asking the agent to stop but then thought better of wasting his breath.
He dropped his speech's datasheet on the pile atop his desk. "You may know I was invited to speak at a peace symposium this weekend. Except Jeff, who needs a reminder that we even have a weekend."
"Another? Fierce!" Power Plant pumped an arm. "Didn'ts we use one up just last week?"
Franchise snickered. "Every seven days, superstar. Next week it'll happen again."
"And again and again and again, but we're not here to discuss timetables," Legion said before Power Plant and Franchise could begin wrestling and toppling over office furniture. They had broken supposedly indestructible things that way. "I've called you here to tell you I'll be leaving before breakfast tomorrow—the symposium starts at nine o'clock—and I will return Sunday afternoon."
Franchise took the next step in his knuckle-cracking by forcing each finger down with his thumb. The sound crinkled through Legion's brain. He wanted to rip the self-multiplier's brown crewcut out hair by little hair.
"Now, I want to explain some rules for you to follow during my absence, first of which is...Jeff and Jacob, do not, I repeat, do not threaten to overthrow the credit companies again. I believe Fight Club can handle that one without your help."
Franchise threw his slender arms out. "If we're not randomly obliterating public property, how is Jeffy supposed to learn upstanding moral values and good hand-eye coordination?"
"He'll just have to suffer with throwing a baseball like a girl. You do. Besides, I think it's Kamikaze's turn to destroy public property, according to your Social Activists of Gaia Ivory College calendar. After all, he's the guy with the suicide-and-resurrect hyperability around here. But that's not why you're here, either."
"Sorry. First rule o' Fight Club is—"
"Jeff, we're not talking about Fight Club anymore. Try to keep up. When I'm away, Harrier will be in charge since Reef is still hospitalized and white haired from his injuries over our haunt control debacle last week. If you have a question or a concern, talk to Harrier. If you can't find Harrier, please consult something besides your Magic Eight-Ball. 'Outlook not so good' does not mean 'Go ahead and do it with Legion's blessing.' And, just for future reference, if Harrier says no, you can't ask the pizza guy instead. I'll find out about that and ground you. Remember the motto I taught you. What was it?"
Power Plant pouted and muttered something to the floor.
Legion leaned forward. "I can't hear you, Jeff. 'If someone loses an eye...'"
Power Plant huffed, refusing to meet Legion's gaze. "'If someone lose an eye, it come outta my paycheck.'"
"Good," Legion said before Franchise worked the knuckles on his other hand. Crick, crick. Why must he do that? "Now, Aaron, I'm sure you know about Sir Hofnar's investment in the Good Guys. Our credit bureau has warned me of a seven-day delay for the investment to come through because that's when Lowensland holds up the banks for arcade money. That means we're not receiving Hofnar's funds for the new haunt control for another few days. And, speaking of funds, if Kamikaze gives you any trouble about my getting rid of the soda machines in the cafeteria, feel free to kill him to put him out of his misery. Happiness. Whatever."
Crick, crick, crick. Franchise's knuckle-cracking was as loud as firecrackers.
Legion looked at Ace. "Now, about those funds. Aaron, since you're one of the only people I can trust to do this properly, I'll need your help on this and Jacob, if you keep cracking your knuckles, I'm going to rip them off." He glared at Franchise. Franchise froze, blue eyes unmoving...and then slowly lowered his hands to his sides. "Thank you."
Ace Spandex bunched up one cheek and removed his backwards-facing baseball cap. His short brown hair lay flattened against his head. "Huh? Me? Help out? But my pirate radio broadcast is considered illegal on forty satellites"—he eyed Power Plant—"thanks to a certain someone's impression of the president of Renovodomus."
"You welcomes for the certain someone impression." Power Plant smiled.
"Not the radio broadcast," Legion said. "We'll go with the following unless you have any other suggestions."
"This sound like a jobs for huge gobs o' yellow glucose number five!" Power Plant bounced on one foot and jabbed three slender fingers at Legion.
"Oh, how I wish you were diabetic." Legion waved the fingers away. "We need a temporary sponsor." Power Plant brightened up, so Legion raised an open palm. "Not you." Power Plant's enthusiasm deflated. "Aaron, I need you to find one. If you do a good job, I'll help pay for your trip to your aunt's place this Hanukkah."
Ace sprang forward, almost knocking over his chair. His cap fell to the floor. He stopped chew-snapping his bubblegum. "Really? You'd help? My grandparents will be there and I don't have nearly enough money. I haven't seen my bubbe in years."
"I've checked with Intergalactic Protection's financial officers. Since they're the Good Guys' parent organization, I figured they could front the money. They're unusually lenient when considering helping people who've diverted public relations disasters and saved lives by destroying amok haunt controls.
"Anyway, back to our topic. You know my stance on sponsors. I hate them even though IP loves them. I don't need the gratuity cardboard crackers. But this is necessary and only temporary." Legion took a datasheet from amid the pile papering his desk—it was the only one activated and, therefore, not colored red—and handed it to Ace. "Here's a list of corporations you can approach. We just had IP's computers grab them from lists off the Intergalacticnet. I haven't checked them over, so use common sense if one's not a good fit or if it offers l-tech. No l-tech." Legion shuddered. Latent technology stored objects in computer memory for later retrieval. It was, in his opinion, a dangerous and easily corruptible technology, so he forbade it on Station One. "Just see what you can do this weekend. And maybe you can help Gadzooks and Gadzooksier stay out of trouble."
"Being useful for once." Franchise high-fived Power Plant. "Yes."
Power Plant's enthusiasm spilled over. "Cans we helps with fire?"
"No."
"Hrmph." Power Plant pouted, a telltale glint in his eye. "I'll does my best anyway."
"The answer is no!" Legion gawked at Power Plant and Franchise. "If you two do a good job helping Ace, I'll consider your punishment for that crash landing on the Bad Guys' space station paid off."
He directed his attention back to Ace. "Anyway, we're looking at filling a deficit of at least five hundred thousand moolahs, which we need before the end of the weekend if we want our haunt control running soon. Would be cheaper to simply reinstall the software, but the hardware was completely unsalvageable. And avoid dealing with the Haralsians. They'll screw you over with the conversion rate every time." He waved a hand dismissively. "It surprises me anyone still trades with them. But if you have any ideas that don't involve corporate ads, I'm all antennae."
Power Plant tapped his chin. He looked pensive enough to be putting that brain to use. A first. "Wanna borrows my pig bank?"
"No. We'd still need four hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-six moolahs. But thanks for the offer."
Power Plant gasped. "Mebbe we coulds have a bake sale!" Legion gave him a doubtful look, so he added, "Yeah, I know. You ain'ts gonna dignify with a answer."
"Good guess. Aaron, best of luck with the sponsor. You guys are dismissed."
Ace Spandex retrieved his cap, stood, and resumed chew-smacking his bubblegum, a merry bounce in his feet and the datasheet of sponsors rolled up in both hands. He, Power Plant, and Franchise filed toward the door. Before leaving, Power Plant chirped, "Oh, happy Mommy's Day!"
"Jeff, I'm not a mother." Why must Power Plant wish Legion a happy Mother's Day every Friday? "Not even a bit."
Ace Spandex reached the door and waved. He stepped out, Power Plant behind him. Franchise grabbed the door and grunted with the exertion of forcing it shut with Ace Spandex's help. Its steel-on-steel shriek clamored until it was closed.
Legion looked back down to the speech datasheet now resting on his desk. He activated it.
Word one still sucked.
Chapter Three: The Last Brain Cell Never Dies Quietly
"Everyone, check this death-dealing contraption out. This is more enthralling than our weekly game of balcony diving." Master Asinine stared into the Toasterizationizer's red radiation shield. "Crowd, meet my new food crematorium, the Toasterizationizer. Toasterizationizer, meet crowd."
"That's fine, sir," the Bad Guy second-in-command, Lieutenant IQ 23, said. "But we have our opportunity now to destroy Legion. Our goal of miring this galaxy in your vision draws closer." He wore his usual helmet, whose question marks bobbed.
Mire? Goal? Yes, his goal of—Wait one hot minute, this new toy was shiny. Asinine peered into the Toasterizationizer that sat on the countertop, staring at it as intently as if watching fish in a fishbowl...if those fish were fighting to the death. He remained fixated even when he introduced his Toasterizationizer to those gathered with him in Kitchenette 11: Lieutenant IQ 23, Braindead, Schizophrenic, Scapegoat, Ice Cream Headache, Multipurpose, and his new paintball edition tennis-ball launcher.
The others must have loved it, too. Multipurpose even checked the wristwatch on his portly arm. And why not? The Toasterizationizer was a thrill-a-minute adventure.
With a sparkle of its lemon-fresh counters, Kitchenette 11 contained the regular stuff strewn around: cheap crap. By contrast, the Toasterizationizer brightened the room, sitting on the counter between the coffee dispenser and that little plastic bowl used to hold those soda-can tab thingies. Apparently hospitals melted them down to make prosthetic robot tails or something.
"Behold, the one thing that sets Kitchenette Eleven apart from the rest like a single working Boxing Day light among so many broken siblings: the Toasterizationizer. So elegant. So mighty. Capable of heating sandwiches or give a cheap buzz from the energy leakage, which is tasty to the brain."
Not using her special ability, her hyperability, to numb Asinine with fudge-ripple goodness like he'd asked, Ice Cream Headache approached, the plastic icicles of her blue-and-white impact suit jangling under her sleeves. "Kitchenette Eleven? Where are Kitchenettes One to Ten?" she said in her breathy, slithery voice, condensation vapor exhaling with each syllable.
"Casualties of my ability to count better than the Man tells me to count. Everyone, this is now our newest weapon and food appliance. Love it. Nurture it. Gawk at it. It rends planets asunder and has cost the lives of millions. I hear it heats stuff up to the point where the stuff explodes all over the place and some unlucky jerk has to clean it up and we laugh at him. Like Brick. Or whoever loses today's basketball free-throw challenge."
Asinine watched the Toasterizationizer cook his anything-goes sandwich. The sandwich sat on the Toasterizationizer's rotating plate and caught fire. The sweetness of sausage, watermelon, bacon shingles, and mustard gas on rye scented the area. Mmmm. Bacon shingles tasted like roof shingles. The thought made Asinine's nostrils water. Or maybe his allergies were acting up.
"Sir, this is indeed a great moment in Bad Guy history, especially if we consider the Toasterizationizer's turquoise crumb tray and blue sneeze guard. But may I remind you of the business we must attend to?" Lieutenant IQ 23 tapped Asinine's arm. The question marks bobbing at his helmet's temples squeaked. "Sir?" Beside him, the never-speaking, never-emoting Braindead hissed, his Virillian, snakelike skin concealed behind his armor and facemask.
"Lieutenant, can you not see I'm busy gawking?"
"But, sir, though you watch that Toasterizationizer with such expert posture—"
"Yeah, yeah. Save the compliments for the Master Asinine Appreciation Hour. Or the Braindead Comedy Stand-Up Showcase."
"Crocking crow." Lefty, Schizophrenic's left head, snorted and spat out a toothpick. Asinine knew the speaker was Lefty because Righty often couldn't say four words without degrading into incoherent blather. "What your sniveling bootlicker is saying, half-bakery, is it's gonad-twisting time." He replaced his toothpick with a new one.
Asinine spun around. "Hey, I thought we agreed on no name calling!"
Lefty tightened his whiskered jaw. "You signed that treaty with the other head. Besides, it's not only you. I give everybody equal treatment for an oral beating. Back to the point: even though your new Toasterizationizer is an expert on how to toasterizationize the living snot out of anything it even considers looking at—your words, not mine, but accurate—we need to get down to serious Good Guy–crunching business, you brain bankruptcy."
Asinine upturned a finger at Lefty's nose, about to say something but still figuring out what a brain bankruptcy was. "You...bank...brain..."
"Good one, comeback king."
"Thank you. Your compliment is almost as touching as that shrine you made of me on your dartboard."
Lieutenant IQ 23 said, "Sir, you've been staring at that Toasterizationizer since Tuesday and some of us are growing concerned with your tan. Or, in Plaster's case, eager over your impending radiation poisoning. Besides, you also told us to inform you the minute we found out Legion's next plan. Well, that minute was yesterday at about half past five. Mechanism acquired some inside information that can help us."
"Inside of what?" Asinine turned back to his new toy.
"Inside of the...inside, I guess. Anyway, work must intervene now, sir."
Asinine swung around, nearly smacking into the walk-in blender that sat in the middle of the kitchenette. It still reeked like carrion from the rat he'd stuffed in there last month. "Work must intervene now? Why can't it ever after-vene? Why can't we have time for toasterizationizing the fiber out of those Good Guys?"
"We know where crocking Legion is going to be." As blubbery as a rubber dinghy ready to burst, Multipurpose, so named because he claimed he "ninjaed everything," grabbed the sword strapped to his ninja belt. His clammy fat folds flopped together and released the pungency of burned molasses. "So let's ninja him up." He sliced an O in the air, accidentally carving into the fridge doojigger and silencing its hum. Then he winced. The wonders a treadmill and proper bathing could do for this guy.
Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped forward. "Sir, Legion is attending a—"
"I knew it! Legion's attending the Narcoleptics Anonymous: You Snooze, You Lose seminar. Now's my chance to sneak up behind him and pull down his pants in front of everybody. Imagine the peer ridicule. He'll face exclusion the likes of which he has never been excluded from!" Asinine pumped his arm once, twice, three times and accidentally elbowed Scapegoat in the stomach, four times, five times and deliberately elbowed Scapegoat in the stomach, six times. He grinned at IQ 23. "You owe me a round of miniature golf. Who's your daddy now? Me, that's who. I am your daddy father."
A groan oozed from the floor. Scapegoat. The hunchbacked sentence scrambler writhed on his side. "Is okay Scapegoat, yes yes. Okay be just no babies have." A cough and some vomit ensued.
"Whatever you just mentioned is your own fault," Asinine said.
Lieutenant IQ 23 moved around the blender and approached Asinine. Braindead, of course, followed. "Sorry, sir, but I'm afraid his itinerary doesn't include sleep strategies at all. Perhaps he'll attend Daydreaming of Nightmares later this month, so you might see some concert action after all. His next move is actually to attend this year's Intergalactic Peace Symposium at the Firmatech Center. He's giving a speech on how the Good Guys have helped maintain order in the planetary system of Renovodomus. And may I get rid of the kneecap spikes you put on my costume? They're starting to chafe." He scratched one knee and pointed at the spike jutting from it that Asinine had duct-taped there yesterday.
"Narcolepsy isn't on his itinerary? Has he no sense of taste? Or sense of hearing? Or sense of direction?" Asinine ignored the remark about the spikes. In fact, he planned to affix some to IQ 23's helmet for smackutational head-butting combat exploits. The action-figure deal with Choking Hazard Toys had come through, and the Bad Guys were preparing for maximum sellout value. Cha-ching.
He rubbed his chin. "So...a peace symposium. Then we'll be there, too. Oh, yes." His word trailed in the air like the hissing of his punctured inflatable wheat thresher. His eyes riveted to some undefined point on the ceiling, and his thoughts filled with nothing as they did so often. But an evil nothing. "And do you know why we're going, Lieutenant?"
"Not for arts-and-crafts night?"
"No, not this time. This time, we will put into action my latest plan of making the galaxy of Stratus Cloud an impenetrable, underwater fortress. And for that, we must ensure the downfall of the Good Guys." Asinine unfocused from the ceiling. Yesterday's sauce fight had left a wasabi stain that irritated him. Couldn't anyone use a little self-control that he liked to call "careful aim"? "Do you know what will cause the downfall of the Good Guys?" He scanned his audience.
Multipurpose stopped gliding his balloon-animal finger along an unsheathed sai. "The ninja's plan: to secretly assassinate everyone at the crocking symposium to prove to the Federate Coalition of Galaxies and crocking Intergalactic Protection that the Good Guys are pansies and can't do nothing to protect no one. And then a vacation week of avenging masters' deaths and using other triple negatives."
"Secretly assassinate? Get your head in the game, Multipurpose. I do none of my stealth work in secrecy." Asinine clicked his tongue. He looked not at Multipurpose but upon him with mighty lightning-glare smitation. That idea was a definite keeper. Note to self: force Brick to invent glare contraption. "But nice try. I was really rooting for you. No, the thing where I pants Legion is my top concern."
Lieutenant IQ 23 gave him a vigorous "okay" sign. "Pantsing Legion. Excellent prioritizing, sir. One of the things I admire about you is your ability to forgo perfect opportunities to destroy the Good Guys so you can take full advantage of the chance to mildly embarrass them. Legion definitely won't be part of the cool crowd anymore."
Asinine nodded. "Along with our secondary plan of marketing ourselves up the ying-yang—specifically Mechanism's ying-yang, if we can fit anything besides a broomstick up there. I've got our marketeurs—like that one? Marke-teeeuuurrrrs. It's French—working out the T-shirt deals. We will be the most rockin'-out crime gang the universe will ever know. And thanks to our sportswear endorsements, we'll be"—he raised air quotes, because air quotes always helped get meanings across, like air guitars—"styling...as the kids say nowadays." He pointed to his feet, which exhibited grand product placement. Those sweet tennis shoes thudded on the kitchenette's terrazzo floor. Lights on his shoes blinked when he stepped. The left side of his mouth twitched with a mischievous curl, and his dimples sharpened in that adorable way Aunty Martha loved. With his shoes and new velvet cape, he'd stand out as the belle of the symposium.
"And soon Legion and his band of misfits will be ours." Asinine discharged a short burst of laughter. He snapped to attention. "Lieutenant, gather a strike force. I want our least worst generics accompanying me. And have you potty-trained the killer dachshunds?"
"No, sir. They still miss the bowl."
"Then bring the killbots instead. But reset them so they stop trying to murder us as well."
"Sure thing, sir. It should merely be a matter of tweaking their relentlessness setting. I think right now they're set on Agog."
"Bring them down to Habitual Obsession." Asinine's plan—to make Legion grovel at his feet, grovel like a heaving man to his porcelain god—was coming to fruition. If the Bad Guys' low manpower wouldn't allow them to attack the Good Guys directly, they would attack Legion himself. "At this peace symposium, the time will come. The time for retribution. The time...for registration." He clutched the air. "You know, before seating is filled."
Ice Cream Headache brushed her raven hair out of her eyes. "Why do your monologues always end with that air-clutching thing?"
"Proper villain aesthetics." The Toasterizationizer chimed. "Ooh. Time to flip over my sandwich. It's completed the dry radiation cycle."
Chapter Four: Stupidity Has a New Name, and That Name Is Biff-Like
Saturday morning in the Centauri Auditorium, the Firmatech Center's main lecture hall. The hall served only as an advertisement for Centauri haunt controls, though it was an impressive sixty-by-thirty-yard advertisement that could accommodate an audience of four hundred. Even the chandelier of light panels projected logos onto the walls. Still, Legion didn't need the public address speakers' prerecorded announcements: "Buy our stuff or suffer a fate worse than consumerism."
Most of the hundred-member audience overcrowded the meet-and-greet area in the back of the auditorium. They swarmed a table spread with a breakfast buffet similar to the one in the lobby. With two other panelists, Legion sat away from this commotion on an adjustable hover chair at the back of the red-carpeted stage, waiting for the emcee to kick things off. The wait wouldn't have made him uncomfortable except for the creep to his right who stared at him with such crimson intent that the guy's head looked primed to explode. Legion avoided eye contact. Eye contact could have consequences.
Soldiers patrolled the aisles to encourage audience members to take their seats. Apparently the symposium organizers wanted everyone to sit down, shut up, and listen. Or at least that was what the soldiers kept repeating. At a peace symposium. Imagine that.
Thank Alaphus and all His angels that nothing in the auditorium was l-tech. The symposium organizers had taken Legion's concerns about l-tech seriously rather than with the ridicule Lowensland used every time the subject came up. Or with the choking Lowensland suffered when he laughed too hard.
The bug-eyed nutcase to Legion's right still stared at him. Legion ignored him. By now, the nutcase should have become uninterested, but his searing, bloodshot eyes still gawked. For security reasons, Legion had relinquished his Marsek, his sidearm of choice, at the door. He also had relinquished his gabber, which he wished he had now to call for backup.
The bug-eyed screwball leaned toward Legion, though his eyes finally left Legion to dart around. "Psst. There's something I should let you know, something I want to let you know-know-know-know-know." Wow, his stuttered speech didn't know what a pause was. The ludicrous rambling of a coffee drunkard, he had a voice that screeched like a fork scraping metal. The guy, a scrawny Haralsian with hair stretching in every direction, nodded hyperactively. He never stopped jittering, always a twitch coursing around his body. The twitch emanated from his head, tickled into his fingers, rebounded back to his shoulders, snaked toward his toes, and back around.
He reminded Legion of a bug-eyed Haralsian named Biff from IP. Biff was a lanky, brittle individual whose eyes seemed to want to escape their sockets. This Biff-like man resembled him, a body of tectonic plates triggering in succession. Legion had never witnessed a localized earthquake before. How special.
He looked at Biff-Like, wrinkling his brow. He cocked his head. Yep, this miniature earthquake was talking to him. He looked around to see if anyone else had heard Biff-Like. A wary expression grew on his face, and he stopped chewing the breath-freshener foam he'd wadded into his mouth earlier. It had hardened to the consistency of rubber anyway.
"What do you have to tell me?" Each of Legion's words came out uneasily, as if mere speech would trigger Biff-Like's most violent tendencies.
Biff-Like didn't look at Legion. Instead, with eyes shuddering between two points, he stared blankly at a distant location behind Legion. "I'm allergic to you, all over, check, goose bumps-bumps-bumps-bumps." He stretched his arm out and stroked his skin with teal fingers. Seconds after speaking, his gaze magnetized to Legion with eyes so intense they remained the size of golf balls. He grinned like a skull. His thinking probably involved two tumors in quiet communication.
Legion removed the breath-freshener foam from his mouth and placed it into the incinerator on the table in front of him. Releasing a watermelon fragrance, the incinerator cremated the foam. "Allergic. How psychosomatic. Warn me what it is you do."
"I don't belong to any military, I'm only a weapon supplier, I create weapons, big weapons, small weapons, electrical weapons, lots of weapons, remember the Blast-o-Matic, several thousand kilovolts of electric pressure packed into a single cherry gumball with a huge chassis around it, a bomb that discharges an electric payload, my idea, it's in the basement of this building, turns out it's too powerful for military purposes, they say it can set off other bombs and destroy an entire galaxy, so they're keeping it here until someone can disassemble it and deactivate its power core properly-properly-properly-properly-properly." His arms twitched in two separately paced spasms, knocking over a placard that detailed the symposium's itinerary.
A bomb that could activate other bombs? Oh, just great. Biff-Like's manic body of caffeine had stored—in this building, no less—arguably the single most destructive explosive. And he spoke openly about it at a peace symposium. Legion calmed his chattering nerves. "The Blast-o-Matic has a yield of several thousand kilovolts? And it's in this basement?"
"The building's basement is storing thousands of bombs awaiting disassembly, the owner of this place accommodates a squad of antiwar activists rallying against specific weapons in combat, the bomb of the month is electrical bombs and those bombs are sitting downstairs until they're disarmed-armed-armed-armed."
A snort from the left. Legion and Biff-Like turned to the other panelist, a heavyset Trioxidillian named General Magnesimus, who sat on Legion's other side. His biography described him as a battle-fervent loon who'd recovered from bouts of shell shock and other war-inflicted psychoses. Up until a moment ago, he'd slept through the conversation. His roused fist bunched up the tablecloth. "Dag, studies show those gall-darn activists never solve anything, you fungaloid vagranoid. And compacted into a cherry gumball? People prefer grape." After he finished, Legion observed half the growing crowd rumble away from the cherry jam on the buffet table toward the bowl of grape punch.
Biff-Like's head snapped back to Legion, his frenzied Haralsian grin still as crazy as a Halloween mask. "Those weapons were supposed to go to major defense organizations in the surrounding planetary systems, all over the galaxies, everywhere-where-where-where." His eyes inched wider, revealing the azure veins that zigzagged around his irises. His head violently shook as if attacking his neck. "Probably your planetary system-system-system."
Legion swallowed hard. With a silent prayer to Alaphus, he knew the black worry marks on his scalp grew, seeping over his forehead like ink stains. "Well, I hope that works well for those activists. In the meantime, pretend there's a soundproof wall dividing us."
Legion moved his head, and then his eyes, until he faced straight forward and nowhere, nowhere else. He shuffled his chair to the left a mere tad. He'd much rather sit next to the warmongering vet that kept screaming "dag" than this psychotic hypochondriac. At least he hoped Biff-Like was a hypochondriac. Legion hated to think he caused an allergic reaction in someone. Could he? And should he feel offended?
The emcee, a teal-skinned Haralsian named Major Glinseng, reached the podium. This caused a flurry of members of the press to scurry to the foot of the stage. Everyone wanted a picture of the soldier whose task force had halved crime in the Antorian galaxy.
Photographers snapped images of the panelists. They winked, first with their left eyes and then with their right. They must have installed brain chips to store line-of-sight images in memory. Though a person's thoughts controlled his or her brain chip, laws dictated that taking a snapshot required a visible movement. Hey, if someone took your picture, you'd want to know.
Legion couldn't understand why buyers wanted brain chips. They weren't as dangerous as l-tech, but they sometimes caused migraines and delusional paranoia during data transfers. And they conflicted with Alaphus's command that your body was a temple. Still, Legion had heard you could get intergalactic capture-the-flag games on brain chips (go, Laresian Plowshares, go). He wryly twisted his lips. Everything had an upside.
With the audience wandering toward the seating area, the press continued snapping pictures, Legion left of dead center. Now that Legion had gained some celebrity status, was this where he was supposed to punch a paparazzo out and smash the camera on the ground? Considering their cameras were brain implants, that could get messy.
* * *
In the Firmatech Center's bright lobby, Number A pulled the eavesdropping tool away from the door that led to the Centauri Auditorium. The symposium had just begun. The emcee's opening speech had sounded interesting. Until now, Number A had never known you could pop a brain inside out if you overloaded a mindscanner's wattage. He should try that on Number EB later. It might reverse his nasty underwear band–snapping habit.
The things you learned from opening speeches.
He checked the two murdered security guards that lay behind him. Other staff remained in the building, but the Numbers would fan out and assassinate them before taking the symposium and searching for the Blast-o-Matic.
"Make very sure the security guards are both dead. Lord Alpha will not tolerate screwups. That's why we left Number KE at home." Number A's voice echoed back at him through the sparkling lobby. When the echoes died, he heard the emcee's words through the door, though now they sounded like only mumbles.
In response to his question, Number A received Number D's confirming fist in the air, accented by the ruffling of cloak. "And Number CS, no one cares how many milliseconds it takes to file into the lobby. Now is not the time to check out your stopwatch."
Okay. Their assassin, Number AR, had accomplished his task. Or was Number AQ the assassin? Crock it. Remembering each Number's duty would have been easier if they hadn't lost the roster in the civ-tran, their civilian transport they'd used to fly here.
For criminy, it didn't matter who'd pulled "assassin" from the job jar. The guards at least looked assassinated. One lay sprawled over the bank of computers at the reception desk, dripping blood from a stab wound. The other leaned back in his chair with a steel pipe through his neck. The Numbers needed a lesson on discretion, but no big deal.
The impaled corpses of the two guards looked grisly in the otherwise immaculate lobby. At least the Numbers hadn't used guns. Number A would never brook guns in their stactics. He cringed and shut his eyes. A whimper burrowed out of his diaphragm. He looked at his metal hands. They reminded him of why he despised guns. He was a bigger fan of the one-by-one approach of the steel pipes. They at least had a particular art. They served a means to the End. Plus you could kill two or three people with the same pipe. Very economical.
Lord Alpha had sounded furious when they'd contacted him to tell him they had decided to wing it, so they went back to the plan. Or whatever they could remember of it. And so far the plan had followed Lord Alpha's written instructions perfectly, even with Number P's edits. Lord Alpha needed to stop ending sentences with prepositions. Lord Alpha also needed to stop sounding so conceited.
What the Numbers carried out here today was for society's own good, for its liberation from the tyrannical establishment that ruled it and the criminal empires that fueled that establishment. Were the Numbers evil? Most would say yes. If that was what it took to strike fear into the ruling authority, Number A would embrace the label. Or were they merely activists? No one knew, but straightening out such confusing distinctions made his head hurt like language arts did.
Number A reached into his cloak and grabbed a Farsdale force field. He loved the marble-sized spheres because they came in four vibrant colors, and indigo wasn't one of them. He rolled the Farsdale field between his forefingers to find the tiny diameter dial. He found it and used the point of his glove's claw to adjust it to fifteen feet. He double-checked the reception desk. Yeah, fifteen feet would do it.
Number A tossed the sphere at the reception desk. It shattered, and the force field took form quickly. An intangible jade globe burst out to indicate the extent the force field would reach. The actual field grew to meet its indicator shape, trapping the reception desk and the dead guards. The indicator shape disappeared, and the field assumed a darker shade and a tangible form. It hummed and crackled with a pull of static.
Excellent. With the reception desk and its broadcast equipment contained, no one could call for help. Now only internal communication was possible.
He took from his pocket another Farsdale field. At one of the buffet tables, he planted it on a ravaged food tray. He was setting it aside for the audience. No sense in losing track and mistakenly using it upstairs.
Number A looked at the gathering Numbers and gave the all-clear signal: the too-important thumbs-up. "Okay, before we take the other floors, let's line up for a head count."
* * *
"As my introduction, brought to you by Nagori's Slavebots, draws to a close, let me introduce our panelists." Glinseng's voice pinballed loudly in the hushed room. His Haralsian tail slithered in the air whenever he spoke, flapping the ribbons that decorated his military uniform like a holiday setting. The tail finally rested against the blue stripe that slashed from his uniform's right hip to its left shoulder.
Legion hadn't enough time to decide what to worry about more: his atrocious speech or the seismic man to his right who wouldn't stop staring at him. And whose nostrils whistled when he breathed.
"Our first speaker will discuss how his new team, the only official team in the planetary system of Renovodomus to allow hyperpeople, has redefined military enforcement. They focus on the threat of the Bad Guys. Please welcome Matross Legion, leader of the Good Guys." Glinseng stepped aside and rubbed his palms together. This produced a buzz, a show of appreciation like Trioxidillian finger snapping or Terran handclapping...except ten times more irritating. The buzz suspended in the air, singing a high-pitched note. It was as relaxing as watching a wrecking ball rage around a baby's crib.
Legion stood. The time to drivel had come. As if cement encased his limbs, he trudged around the slender table that separated the panelists from the podium. Biff-Like's gaze followed. He leaned forward so acutely he gripped his chair to maintain balance.
Legion felt more uneasy right now than when he'd wondered if Power Plant had destroyed Station One since his last call to ask if at least one building stood. But that didn't matter. Presenting his dreadful speech without being laughed off the stage did.
He opened his mouth and showed a nervous grin, his fingers twitching self-consciously—
A wall detonated! Announcing itself more loudly than a meteor flattening a busy metropolis, the detonation behind the audience spewed shards into the back rows of chairs. It lifted those chairs from the floor, rattled Centauri awards off walls. The sound blasted through the back of the room like a train-wreck catastrophe of noise. Audience members scrambled to their feet and ducked behind chairs that had remained rooted. A jagged shard of wall sliced one victim between the eyes. Another shard pierced someone else's temple.
The explosion died in a haze of filth that coughed forth, leaving the smell of chalky dust. The wreckage and thunder silenced. Legion inched back until he reached the rear of the stage. Was this an attack? He had to regroup somewhere, plan a countermove. Magnesimus and Glinseng followed him back, but Biff-Like remained seated.
A bubble of electricity zapped into existence. A force field! It grew into a sphere, spanned the cluster of seats, cut into the ceiling, and trapped the audience.
Panic-stricken people slammed into the field's inner edge and suffered a zap of voltage. The voltage swept sparks up from the force field and into the fingertips and eyes of an audience member. Another audience member crumbled as if her legs had numbed. Great. A Farsdale field. The cheapest kind of force field, it had no shock shielding.
Legion glanced around. The security team—they—no! All six lay dead. Their heads bore holes and their blood sprinkled the maroon carpet. With no security and the audience trapped, only the panelists and emcee remained free.
From the cloud of dust emerged a leg Legion recognized. Its yellow/blue mismatch would look stylish for only a cartoon character. Legion's blood heated bitterly. He tasted bile. His breathing intensified as if his lungs worked to feed his detestation. He fought to control his anger, but it clamped around his emotions like a vice.
Not this deviant. No.
Lowensland emerged from the man-made entranceway through the plume of dust that faded with its chalky odor. In followed his army, the normal entourage of media-named warriors—Schizophrenic, Plaster, Ice Cream Headache, Scapegoat, Multipurpose, and Mechanism—and the few generics, Lowensland's no-name henchmen, who remained alive after Power Plant and Franchise's crash landing. Why hadn't he preannounced this surprise attack on live broadcast like every other time?
The penetrating stare of Lowensland's pistol aimed at anything that moved. The clown nose he wore issued a honk-honk when he gave it a double squeeze. For once, he wasn't here for autographs or a shopping mall appearance.
Lowensland pumped his arm and laughed. "See that, Lieutenant? Did you see that? I totally blasted my way through that wall. Mechanism said I couldn't, but I blasted it like a cannon." He removed his clown nose and flung it at Mechanism's mouth plate. It bounced away feebly, tooting when it hit the ground.
In his full-body computerized armor, Mechanism cupped his helmet in a robotic glove. "When I said you could not do 'it,' I did not limit my statement to destroying the wall, you malnourished mentality."
"Even so, contrary to your belief, I did at least one thing right this week." Lowensland hopped and clicked his heels. "Yes. Double yes. Wait." His face took on that ponderous look. "Lieutenant, is this a double-yes moment?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped up to Lowensland. He pulled a datasheet from his back pocket, unrolled it, and activated it. With his index finger, he traced a line down its display. "Yyyyyyyyyees, sir. In fact, the chart says, since the wall took only one blast, this is a code red, triple-doggone-yes moment. Congratulations, sir, you've finally achieved maximum yesness. Time to pop open that bottle of champagne."
"I'm putting this one in my scheme diary. And I believe someone owes me a heartfelt apology." He crossed his arms and smirked at Mechanism.
Mechanism's armor sighed with him. "I am sincerely sorry you are an addlepated boor and I am forced to work behind your ineptitude."
"Enough about my backside. Today I have done well. I am one macho hombre."
"This is indeed your best accomplishment since breeding the deadliest army of pig terriers known to science," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
"Never forget: recombinant DNA is the key to canine-based destruction." Lowensland checked the audience—he jerked back. "Whoa. That's what the force field was set to? I expected it to contain a few hostages, not the whole audience. And it cut through the ceiling. Impressive what you find in a tray of pancake scraps. I love these convention giveaways."
Lowensland's eyes followed the ruined grid of chairs to the stage. He found Legion and stopped. Ugh. Should Legion feel violated? He wanted to wipe that killer's gaze off his uniform, gouge those eyes out, and puree them. He'd definitely quarantine this outfit upon his return home.
Lowensland held some hors d'oeuvres. He shoved one into his mouth and smacked his lips around it. Most of it stayed in. "Legion, my archenemy." His words spewed out, distorted by the food stuffing his mouth. Another hors d'oeuvre made it in. Wow. Twice in a row. "How are you? I've been good, but last week"—he swallowed to clear his speech—"I had this nasty bug I'd have loved to share with you. Sick stomach, swimming head, running nose, tendency to morph into a werewolf on the night of the full moon." A social chuckle broke his patter. "Snot was flying everywhere. That's the last time I ignore something's recommended dosage."
With IQ 23 and Braindead following, he paraded along the back of the auditorium and descended the left aisle, a large pistol aimed forward. "Anyway, nice to see you, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to destroy you. Or...well, actually destroying you is my only option since you stopped responding to my movie night invitations." He popped another hors d'oeuvre into his mouth. "By the way, these tiny cinnamon buns taste delicious. My condiments to the chef."
Legion's rage burned in his forehead like a blaring fever. He stepped forward, separating himself from Glinseng and Magnesimus. "Lowensland, you're about as welcome here as your garish outfit."
"Enough. You've been making fun of my outfit ever since the Bad Guys' frat house totally owned your Good Guys in the great river raft race at Adams College."
"You didn't own us. We humiliated you, and the dean had your fraternity expelled because of your wild parties. And I made fun of your outfit long before that."
Frustration set over Lowensland's face. "Still, shut up." He stuffed the last cinnamon bun into his mouth, chewed methodically, and swallowed. He stopped his approach midway down the aisle and removed his bib. "Anyway, the reason I'm here is I have arrived to demonstrate to you peace delegates, security personnel—"
"Sir." Lieutenant IQ 23 eased a cautionary hand onto Lowensland's shoulder. "Don't attempt so many big words in one breath. You haven't completely recovered from the last time."
"How quickly I forget." Lowensland clapped his hands to renew the attention of the audience still trapped inside the humming Farsdale field. "I have come to take over this peace delegation and prove to all you peace guys, security guys, military higher-up guys, guy guys, what-have-yous that Matross Legion is not fit to lead the Good Guys. I should lead them maybe. Plus, I need Legion for my master plan. Also, get great returns when switching to the Bad Guys' new investment opportunity."
"Another master plan?" Legion groaned.
"And another investment opportunity," Ice Cream Headache added.
Legion almost stomped a foot. What was this new plot that involved him? But, then again, Saturday was Lowensland's self-proclaimed Bring Your Archenemy to Work Day.
Lowensland reached into his pocket and pulled out a small trinket, which he proudly displayed with a pivot for all to see. "I have in my pocket a blood sampler." He pressed a button on it and a transport alarm outside blared angrily.
"Sir, that's your Hello Kitty key chain."
Lowensland didn't even glance at it. He pressed the button again to shut off the alarm with a bree-breep and then returned the key chain to his pocket. His hand emerged with another trinket.
"That's your Hello Kitty blood sampler."
"I have in my pocket a blood sampler."
"It's in your hand now, sir."
"I have in my pocket a blood sampler in my hand. Legion, with you captured, I will sample your blood, take it to my Hello Kitty mad labs, and clone you over and over, hundreds of times, until I and I alone command the multitudes that comprise...my legion of Legions. Lieutenant, do the lightning thing."
Lieutenant IQ 23 spat a crackle, and his clawed hands danced in a mockery of lightning meant to set a foreboding tone but instead made everything look comically stupid.
Crickets chirped in the background. Legion slouched, his arms swinging lifelessly. "A legion of Legions?" Cue irritated head shake. "That's the best you can come up with? Lowensland, that's your most ridiculous idea yet. And you once tried to make edible plutonium. Creating clones of me would only compound your problem. How would facing hundreds of me not backfire?"
"It sounds better when you consider that I and I alone will command them. Remember that part? The I-and-I-alone part? I and I alone will command them. You. Them. How come you're not getting this?"
"Because it doesn't matter how many of me you create. We'll all think you're a deeply depraved psycho."
"My depravity doesn't run that deep." Lowensland marched down the remainder of the aisle along the captured audience. He waved at one particular captive. "Mangalar, how've you been? Still dressing your stuffed animals up and having tea parties? Wait. That's me." He passed the audience. "Now, Legion, this won't hurt a bit. Have a seat. My licensed vocational nurse, Braindead, will apply the alcohol swab—"
Another explosion! This blast punctured the wall opposite Lowensland. Lowensland staggered back. The Farsdale field protected the audience from the debris, though the chunks of wall that struck the field sent electric eels of voltage swimming across its surface. A scent of charred ozone trickled through the room. The explosion settled in a rainfall of dust that riddled the floor with jigsaw chunks of wallboard and metal. Holes now marred both the right side and the back of the auditorium.
"What the crock?" Ice Cream Headache gasped out cold condensation breath.
From this new hole, a cloaked figure emerged, hood drawn over his or her head. Then two figures...eight...sixteen, and...and—How many figures were there? Counting them was bound to break something in Legion's skull.
"Dag. What is this, a convention?" Magnesimus advanced next to Legion.
Legion cocked his head. "As a matter of fact, a symposium."
The cloaked figure at the head of the crowd stepped forward. "Behold, military authorities. You are now at our sole mercy. The mercy of liberation. The mercy of the new universal order. The mercy of me, Number A, and the Evil, Atrocious, Harmful, Spiteful, Villainous, Brutish, Evildoing Guys...Who Do Evil." He clamped his hands onto his hips as the crowd of hoods filled the right side of the auditorium. "Everyone, your final deliverance is at hand and—Hey, so that's where our Farsdale field went. Who precaptured the audience members? Nice job."
Number A? Since when was that a number? Legion retreated to the back of the stage, his forehead knotted tensely. Maybe he'd suffer a headache too painful for him to notice the double drop in intelligence the room had just experienced. "Why...why...why...wh—" Hey. Now he wouldn't have to perform his speech. All riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.
Chapter Five: Telemarketing Turntable
"I ain't never hunted sponsors afore! This be ssssoooo cool! So cool, it like a extra cool." Hold on. Only one extra cool? No, more than one extra cool. Like...like...Crock, he knew he should have memorized the periodic table of coolness. Anyway, this thing's atomic coolness ranked at least six point pi half.
Power Plant was in Station One's master communication room with Ace Spandex and Franchise. They sat around a small desk, him and Ace Spandex on one side, Franchise on the other, skimming a datasheet and cracking his knuckles. Ace Spandex had divided the list of potential sponsors into three datasheets, one for each person. And did he really expect Power Plant to be productive? Fat chance.
So far, Franchise and Ace Spandex had started their portions of the list. Franchise had even used his hyperability to multiply himself three times but, after he realized he had only one gabber between the four of him, he reduced himself back to the original. Power Plant, though, had completed the most crucial task of doodling Cosmonaut Chimp characters all over his portion. The doodled characters weren't flinging feces around, but he would draw that stuff in later. He felt pleased with himself: his cross-hatching had improved.
"Jeff." Brown eyes scowling, Ace Spandex snapped his bubblegum between his teeth, covered his gabber's mouthpiece, and leaned forward with a red face. "If you're adding Gilligan's Three-Hour Tours again, so help me, I'll choke you with your third of the list." Oh, yeah. Power Plant still had to ask Gilligan's Three-Hour Tours to sponsor them.
Power Plant faced Ace, a chipper quality igniting his voice. "Callings up corporate bigwigs. Fierce!" He almost followed that statement with a perfunctory "hussah," but he reserved hussahs for federal holidays. "I ain't never embarrassized myself afront o' corporate bigwigs afore. They about to feels the sting o' my gabber conversation! Wait. I embarrassize myself afront o' them afore. All the times, actually."
Ace slouched in his chair and hung a hand over the armrest. "There's always a first for everything with you, Jeff. Why can't you make more sense than a Japanese cartoon on fast-forward?" He bolted up and pressed his gabber's mouthpiece closer to his lips. "No, sir. I wasn't referring to you. You make as much sense as a Japanese cartoon at regular speed."
"I doesn't make sense 'cause making sense is for suckers. And name's Jeffy." Power Plant stuffed his gabber into his ear. Boring. It was supposed to go there. He removed it and stuffed it up his nose. That would show sponsors a good time. Anybody giving him sass-mouth would get a nose full of nasal congestion. Plus an Easter egg he'd crammed up there when he was nine.
Ace Spandex stood and tapped his gabber to terminate a call. He strolled around the desk, his feet clicking on the floor of the quiet room. "It's probably a good idea to work through at least a couple pages of your lists before we quit tonight, guys. Remember, if you help, Station One gets its new haunt control on time. That means I see my bubbe this Hanukkah. And that means you live past Sunday."
Power Plant picked the gabber out of his nose. "Hey, you promise fighting video games also, too. I rather gets fighting video games. Ya can't gets the snot kicked outta ya by living past Sunday."
"Right, right, whatever. Fighting video games also, too. Didn't Legion ground you from video games for the fiasco on the Bad Guys' space station that landed your brother in the hospital?"
"Yeah, but Legion say it okay 'cause it keep me from fighting stuffs in real life." Power Plant pumped his arm, which flung his gabber and sent it onto the desk. It bounced away and into the bank of workstations against a wall. A buzz scratched from it as if a connection had gone through. He scrambled to collect it, then asked, "Can we plays Party Slamdance Fighter Neo-Epilepsy Edition?"
"Sure. I'll even throw in the lifelike pain connectors. But first we find our sponsor." Ace Spandex glanced over Franchise's datasheet. "Jacob, I see you're making progress, already calling the third organization on your part of the list. Looks like we know who the go-getter is, though you can stand to stop cracking your knuckles. Power Plant, the Slamdance Fighter marathon needs more of your cooperation. And stop humming the Jefftaria anthem. It's impossible to get your living quarters declared a separate nation, and don't even get me started on the logic of using rolls of socks as Jefftaria's moons. Or the logic of nations having moons."
Power Plant fixed Ace with a blue-eyed glower. "Hey, don't ya badmouths Jefftaria or it's banish-mania time fer you. If you ain't into it, tells me, and Jakey cans be Jefftaria's big kahuna o' crazy volcano sacrifices."
"Oh, good," Franchise muttered. "A promotion."
"That's right. Wit' dental." Power Plant replaced the gabber bud into its rightful orifice: his nostril. He had finally realized his dream of having a silver booger. "Ogay, I godda call ub—Oh, sweets awesobe stuffed voice coodness. Anyond god peanuds da size o' by udder nostril?" Power Plant tapped his nose to activate the gabber. The earpiece darted out of his nostril, curled around, and squashed into his eyelid. The mouthpiece went...well...inside somewhere. "Whoa. Freaky like Asinined's cosdume at last year's candy raid. By braind feel itchy. Gramma, zat you?"
Ace lunged for the gabber, but Power Plant dodged. Ace's cap fell off. "Take that thing out of your nose. My holiday and your game marathon are on the line. If you don't do this properly, you get no good-boy points. I'm freaked out enough that Jefftaria offers better medical coverage than the Good Guys."
Oh, man. Power Plant was only one good-boy point away from having his highest total ever: one. "Fide. I does dings your way. Killjoy." He tapped the gabber, which retracted its ear- and mouthpieces. He squeezed it out of his nose with an accompanying squish, placed it in his ear, removed it, wiped the snot onto his sleeve, and put it back.
"Gabber control, acknowledges. Contact calltag Gilligan dash three—"
"Jeff!"
"Hello, may I speak to your investment representative?" Franchise said into his gabber. He stopped cracking his knuckles. "Yes, I'll hold. What's that? Sure, I'd be interested in switching long-distance prov—Hhhheeeeeyyyyy, you guys are good."
Chapter Six: Maturity, Begone!
"Take over my takeover? You're too late 'cause we got here first." Asinine gritted his teeth at the cloaked mob across the auditorium's seating area, sipping air like a hungry mosquito sips blood—one of those where you pinched the proboscis and it got stuck, but it kept sucking blood and then exploded, which was almost as cool as a shark crossed with an adding machine. He turned his nose up at the leader of that huge throng of cloaks that oozed through the chalky hole as slowly as ketchup from an upturned bottle. Mmmm. Ketchup. Mmmm. A shark crossed with an adding machine. Calculatedly tasty.
The cloaked idiots looked like idiots. No clashing colors, no bobbing doodads. Drab. Plus, they'd copycatted Asinine's hostage-taking idea. What else did they plan to filch? They probably planned to copycat Asinine's idea of manning the Bad Guy suicide hotline with giraffes. An appalling lack of common criminal courtesy abounded with this crowd. Who'd raised them? Parents?
"So you're the guys Lord Alpha told us to thwart." The takeover thief calling himself Number A turned and threw his arms up to his cloaked friends. "Hey, all, we get to thwart the Bad Guys. Of all thwartations. Heh. I've never done a celebrity thwarting before."
Asinine's face turned red and hot. The cloakie found this amusing? Oh, things were about to throw down like a redneck's underwear-clad domestic dispute on a front lawn. "Hey, just because you traipsed in here five minutes after us doesn't mean I'm about to step aside and give up this peace conference."
"Symposium," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
"Simulation posium."
"Hostage situations aren't on a first-come-first-serve basis," Number A said.
"Then what basis are they on? A first-name one? We showed up before you, and you're just mad because this is our takeover. I'll prove it. Lieutenant, unfurl the 'This takeover has been brought to you by the Bad Guys, your first-rate leaders in botched hostage situations' banner."
"Yes, the banner that proudly proclaims our top placement in hostage-situation botchery. Good choice, sir. It brings out the color of your teeth." Lieutenant IQ 23 produced the banner from behind his back, whipped it straight, and—yup, there were Asinine's teeth, as white as ivory.
"So there, you...you..." Words eluded Asinine like tadpoles flitting around his grasp. Finally, something came out. "You poopyheads!" he smack-talked.
"That's telling them, sir."
"Thank you, Lieutenant. The mature approach is the foundation of a proper and mature negotiation. And I like to take that foundation and urinate on it."
"Only achievable with your powerful bladder, sir. You urinate like a Greek god."
"Too bad my urine doesn't glow in the dark." He squinted cunningly. "Yet."
Asinine's attention returned to the shag-carpet rejects. The collective gaze of the trapped audience followed his stomps around the Farsdale field and up the carpeted aisle to the back of the auditorium. He marched across the auditorium entrance—the one that wasn't blasted open—and aimed his mighty gawk at the bevy of cloakies. These guys dared waltz in and undermine his takeover? Not on his limited-edition Cosmonaut Chimp collector's watch with shiny backlight, lifetime warranty, and seven-year battery. "I'll make you wish you never even heard of this place, mister. Or ma'am. I can't tell which."
He reached the cloakies, and he and Number A slammed together like a baseball umpire and an irate head coach. Torsos shoved together. Their noses almost pecked each other. Heads arched back but jutted so closely Asinine smelled the nostril-prickling sweat filtering out from underneath this slobber-jockey's cloak.
Master Asinine hissed. "So Number A, eh? I hate algebra." He flicked Number A's hood with his fingers.
"Are you the thief who stole the Farsdale field hidden on the buffet table outside?" Number A jabbed Asinine with his shoulder. "I was going to use that on the audience."
"Hidden? You stuck it in the pancake scraps. I almost choked on it when I was licking the tray clean."
From behind Asinine, Lefty asked, "What kind of nut cluster are you fruit safaris trying to pull?"
"Oh, just the right kind of nut cluster." Number A chuckled with a sound like the rap of a knuckle on wood. "We're here to liberate Stratus Cloud from its own establishment. Liberate it...by destroying it. And Lord Alpha's paying us a fortune for this job. You see, there's a particular weapon here with the potential to destroy worlds. Maybe you've heard of it. The Blast-o-Matic? It releases an electrical field that wraps around a planet and discharges a payload. With the amount of explosive-based weaponry in this building, we will increase that outage and wipe out every speck of life in this entire galaxy as long as we crank the Blast-o-Matic's power setting all the way to maximum. Which reminds me of the next epic part of Lord Alpha's devious plan. Number W, find the Blast-o-Matic."
One of the cloaked figures hurried through the jagged hole that led into the lobby, legs swish-swishing.
Lefty snorted. "So that's your story? That's a few fill-in-the-blanks short of a cliché."
"You want my story?" Number A separated himself from Asinine. His hands sprang from his cloak, revealing them to be metal. He turned the gloves over to study them as if seeing them for the first time. They looked like regular silver gloves but with rounded fingertips, sharp talons over those fingertips, and plastic that covered shadowed recesses along the knuckles. The hinges of those knuckles rested underneath small sheaths. "You see, these hands are fake. They're metal. I lost my flesh-and-blood hands in a battle between a clan of criminals and Intergalactic Protection, the military power, our supposed guardians."
A trace of a tear came to Number A's soggy voice. "That battle raged for hours. Most of my city was torn asunder by war. Ashes replaced people, wrecks replaced buildings, ruin replaced peace. I sought vengeance. I attacked a group of the clan members, but they turned on me for some reason. To protect myself against a clan member who planned to kill me and use my body as a suitcase, I grabbed a pistol and fired. The pistol malfunctioned. It exploded, vaporizing the clan member...along with both of my hands.
"That pistol had proven useless. It didn't help me as it should have. Guns don't help. And I blame Intergalactic Protection for failing to defend me. Where were they when that clan member was fitting me with handles and a zipper?"
"Probably at the zoo," Asinine said.
"So here I am, sent to destroy all who swore to protect me but failed. Tonight, everything will be liberated. I just hope I can renew my magazine subscriptions in the afterlife."
"That's your story?" Asinine cackled and fell backward into a chair that had somehow remained upright during the explosion. "You have to be kidding. That's the worst origin story I've ever heard. Multipurpose's origin story is better and all he did was get fat!"
"Yeah, what's your crocking excuse?" Multipurpose slid a sword through the air. "Wait. I mean...uh...I'm a crocking power ninja, so shut up!"
Number A's mood changed. His smile was evident in his voice, even under his hood. "We will succeed in our mission. Oh, yes. And we'll get paid for it, too. And when we've delivered the powder-keg payload, we'll haul home an extra two-fifths of a moolah each. Too bad we'll be dead. Nevertheless, for that kind of chump change, we're willing to take you down. We've prepared ourselves by reading inspirational posters before arriving. Numbers, tell them our credo on teamwork."
The cloaks crackled to attention like a well-trained platoon, snapping their feet together. As one, they chanted, "Teamwork: The ability to recognize that no one person can make the effort in galactic destruction work. It takes many to ruin everybody's weekend."
Number A locked his legs in a daring stance. "We individually ensure the success of the whole. You all will die. Our galaxy will be free."
Master Asinine sprang out of the chair. "I'll miss my own funeral. You can't just screw everything up like that!"
"We can and often do. You and your Bad Guys can slither back to your space station and write your wills, which, given the situation, will be a waste of time. We've got citizens to free, you tar-licking, ape-faced, cretin-mongering, simple-aped...mongrel-cretin-facing...uh...step-hugging—"
"I've never hugged a step in my life!" Asinine deepened his voice to give it that debonair baritone huskiness that rocked the ladies. "I've got my plans, too. And one of those plans is to grab another refreshing snack."
Number A ground his teeth together with the sound of sharpening knives. "You wouldn't know a refreshing snack if you made it yourself."
"Those cinnamon buns in the lunchroom. They taste nearly as good as my home-cooked dirtloaves, which aren't so bad. Lately my generics throw up less on the cafeteria's mandatory dirt days."
"Okay, maybe you do know a refreshing snack. But that still doesn't give you the right to come in here and commandeer this symposium when we planned this field trip weeks ago. We called dibs and everything."
"We had dibs. We signed this place out on the criminal Intergalacticnet site. Lieutenant, did you not call dibs? I specifically said we'd avoid a lot of takeover hassle by calling ahead for reservations." For emphasis, he tapped the back of a chair with each word.
"I remember that, sir, but we've gone through this. Calling ahead often tips off the authorities."
"Amazing." Master Asinine kicked the wall at his side, or at least he tried, but he ended up swinging his foot into an open doorway. "Double amazing."
"Sir, amazing means it's a good thing, not bad."
"Then double marvelous. Whatever."
Number A waved Asinine off. "Well, we have a detonation to detonate, so stand aside and let us thwart things before I'm forced to have Number BB show you the new meaning of the term gas leak."
Ha. Asinine didn't know the old meaning. "I leak gas with the best of them. Beware this morning's bean cereal." He lifted his hand into the air and snapped his fingers three times in a sweeping S shape. He'd watched enough urban music videos to know these playas be dissin' to the trippinest. Or something. "Mechanism!"
Mechanism sighed. "You driveled?"
"I most certainly did drivel. And loudly. Round up these here cloak-by-alphabetic-numbers. And, since you're performing a roundup, use your cowboy mode with new locked-in freshness seal."
Mechanism changed his statuesque pose from staring at Number A to gawking at Asinine. What a range of expression! "Oh, glory be. A task worthy of the superb talents of a scholar of the celebrated Frederick Snogsbottom. Imagine. Here I remained satisfied with distinguishing the similarities you two bear to quarreling poodles. Such Neanderthal-era simpletons."
Asinine whirled around, almost smacking a spilled buffet table. "Whatever a neander athlete sample truck is, I am not in the mood for your praise. Next time you praise me, use words that rhyme with cool. You apologize and speak in a cowboy drawl or you're voted off the team."
Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped forward, Braindead close behind. "Sir, you can't kick Mechanism off the team. He won today's Let's See if This Is Flammable immunity challenge. You rigged it yourself."
Asinine slapped his forehead. "Almost forgot." He looked at Mechanism and, yes, the robotic-suited agent wore the Primal Necklace of Supreme Third-Degree Negligence. Asinine slouched with disappointment. He rested a hand on the shoulder of the Terran to his right. "I'm sorry, Brigitte, but it looks as if I'm going to have to vote you off instead."
Aghast, Brigitte put a hand to her quivering mouth. With choking sobs, she darted into the lobby and burst through the front doors.
Asinine sniffled. "Sweet kid. Breaks my heart. I know how long she's looked forward to this hostage situation. Bought a new dress for it and everything. Oh, well. Now back to arguing like quarrelling poodles. Mechanism, round 'em up."
Mechanism made no move, probably frozen in place to revere Master Asinine. Nevertheless, he'd acted disobediently. "Mechanism, must I sign you up to the Kiss Army for punishment again? Be warned. This month marks the release of Alive MMMMMMMMDCLXXVCCXXX"—sharp throttle of breath—"IX. I've heard it and, trust me, it's not as good as Alive MMMMMMMMD—"
Mechanism threw his hands up. "Fine. At the very least, I can thank you for not having commanded that I be sullied by employing this costume's rap-battle mode."
"That's the can-do attitude I'm looking for. Roundups are funnier in cowboy mode. I want you riding fences in T minus five." Asinine gave Mechanism a friendly punch on the shoulder. "This'll be more entertaining than that time I forgot how to fist-bump."
"Converting to cowboy mode." Mechanism slouched, and his suit protested with a whir of gears. His helmet sprang a fabric rim and a dented top. A lasso snaked out of his left palm and spurs chinked from his calves. He moseyed down the maroon aisle toward the far end of the cloaked figures with his mutterings trailing off. "Let me begin where the press can capture my image. After this, you may find me in the cafeteria with a rich bottle of Chez Prétensieuse. Oh, and yeehaw. Ride them...cowboy."
Asinine turned to Number A. "Anyway, now back to you, I—"
Wait. Had he heard the discreet sound of a whooshing door from immediately beside the stage? He thought so, but he thought a lot of things that didn't truly exist. His eyes edged down the auditorium though his head didn't avert from that despicable Number A and his cloaks of letters that went too high for him to keep track of since there were more than twelve. An arctic chill iced the marrow of his bones and doubled like an onset of frost when he looked at the stage.
Legion was missing.
Oh, for crock. Wait. He should use his outside voice so everyone would know how criminy macked he was. "Oh, for crock. Who let my method of galactic domination run off? This is just double marvelous." He punched that chair again. "Ooh, that smarts. Mechanism, change of plan. Get your bling on. I want that clock around your neck in fifteen seconds. Fight the power."
* * *
Before anyone noticed, Legion ran, ran, ran, ran—oof—stupid railing—limped, limped, limped—
Moments ago, he had rushed out of the auditorium through an emergency exit in the back. He had found himself in a grimy stairwell, a door ahead and a staircase to his left. He tried the door leading outside but...it dissipated. An l-door! In his high-pressure frenzy, he blurted a scream and darted for the stairs. He stopped at the first step. Now he found himself peering up at a dizzying eight flights.
Why wasn't the stairwell equipped with an elevator airfoil? These stairs were as primitive as Lowensland's imagination. But the Firmatech Center was a historic building. Had its owners found no reason to replace the stairs with technology invented in the last forty eons? They had updated the rest of the building, after all. Legion would have huffed with irritation, but he was already exhausted from doubling over with laughter after watching Mechanism convert to cowboy mode.
Lowensland had taken hostages. Lowensland should never take hostages. Lowensland couldn't even mind gerbils, let alone hostages. How would Legion free those hostages from Lowensland's incompetent, homicidal grasp before that parasite decided they weren't skilled hopscotch opponents and, therefore, not worth keeping around?
Legion braced himself before scaling the eight flights. He launched forward and barreled up the stairs two at a time. Up one flight, curved with the landing, repeat. The other panelists and the emcee stamped up the stairs below. They trailed by two flights. Why hadn't they escaped outside? The herd mentality: they had followed Legion, assuming the l-door was a bad option. He had no time to explain what made him scream and, for all they knew, he'd caught sight of that wall-sized pinup of Lowensland in a muscle T-shirt that had been circulating on the Intergalacticnet. He shivered.
Every time he remembered that picture, an angel lost its wings.
Legion leaped over a roller skate that lay on the floor. Lowensland was not above scattering objects around as obstacles. "Leave no escape route uncluttered," he always said. And, after all these years, he still set up tollbooths at the bottoms of stairwells.
Legion tripped and banged into a stair. He rubbed the new bruise on his leg and checked what he'd tripped on. "Watch out for the squeeze toy up here."
Below, Glinseng panted. "That's nothing. Will someone please tell me why there's a mutant jellyfish chasing me?"
Oh, how cute. The use of animals.
Legion reached the sixth floor. Though only two flights remained, those flights leered over him like a schoolyard bully. He rested, wheezed, braced himself—charged up the next staircase. He hopped the rocket skateboard that lay in his path.
Below, Biff-Like said, "What are these things I keep tripping over, everything's in the way-way-way-way." Legion ignored him, faltering up the last step, his lungs ablaze.
He leaped over a coil of laser rope and stumbled through the l-door rooftop access—didn't think, just stumbled— l-tech or not, he had to escape. He tripped over the doorframe, blundered through, and skidded across rasping iron pebbles. Some noisy machinery somewhere hummed—an air conditioner/purifier?—but he could concentrate on only the taste of gravel that steeled across his tongue. He lifted his head and spat out pebbles. The others beat onto the roof and slipped to a halt.
"No," Glinseng gasped. No? No what? Lowensland had noed the situation in every direction. What else was no? Legion stood and looked back, saw hopelessness tremble across the others' faces. They stared skyward.
Then Legion noticed the greenish glow that bathed the roof and stained the atmosphere like ink permeating water. The thick air felt charged. He bounded to his feet and looked at what frightened the others and—
Oh, just great. Legion punched a skylight in midrepair—ow—and yanked his fist back from the splintered aluminum siding that grated his knuckles.
A humongous Farsdale field contained the Firmatech Center, looming in electric green. Current crawled along its shell and snapped at anything that neared it. Save the hostages? How? Everybody was a hostage!
A toxic feeling churned Legion's stomach. His loathing for Lowensland ballooned like it did every waking moment, but this time it ballooned exponentially.
"I hate to alarm anyone, no one be alarmed, but I just wet my pants-pants-pants-pants."
* * *
"Okay, everyone, change of plans. Instead of cloning Legion, now we need to find him and then clone him. Since I have to keep an eye on Cloakmaster McFreaks-Me-Out here, I'll stay put like the awesome dude I am and coordinate the hunt for Legion. So I need a volunteer." Master Asinine paced before the assemblage of Bad Guys that occupied the foot of the stage. He raised another spoonful of cereal to his mouth and engulfed it. Mmm. Fruity. Good thing Brick had transformed him back from a rabbit last week or he wouldn't be allowed to enjoy this. "Because Mechanism refuses to rustle up that there varmint, Legion—"
"I told you, not until you speak with a modicum of maturity—Oh, never mind."
"—someone else must bring him back in the next thirty seconds. That's all the time I've allotted for high-speed transport chases."
"Sir, he's on foot," IQ 23 said.
"Good. We can catch him without racking up any more mileage." Asinine swallowed another spoonful. Tasted even better since they'd added brussels sprouts.
He waved a hand at Mechanism, who stood cross armed, tapping a foot. "Mechanism, I want you out of big bad rap-battle mode and down to the basement to find out if our uncooped chickens went there. And take a couple of generics to deflect firepower. If someone shoots your armor, those decals are tricky to replace. So don't come crying to me."
A twitch jolted Mechanism's body. "I have no need for useless cannon fodder such as generics, especially since there are so few left," he said with arrogance tempering his voice. And probably flecks of spit. He lurched toward the basement staircase, perhaps to check for a wine cabinet. "I will descend to the basement, however, because it remains the only place I can escape your inferior whining."
"My whining is inferior to no one's!"
Mechanism clanked toward the basement. He raised a foot and shoved it into the stomach of one of the cloaks. "Stand aside, bastion of dementia." The cloak sprawled back and his head slammed onto the floor.
Weird. Mechanism had never rushed off to follow an order so quickly. Or ever. He must adore that basement.
"Can we just keep the hubbub down?" Ice Cream Headache fluffed a seat cushion. "If we're just going to sit around while Mechanism searches, I'm going to catch up on my beauty rest."
Plaster threw his bald head back in a chortle, a sound like a power generator running low on fusion energy. "Looks like someone ain't read the beauty-sleep manual in a while." He received a horse kick in the tenders.
Asinine turned and paced in the other direction. He elbowed Number A aside. Stupid alphanumeric confusion. "Now, the key here is clonability. I want Legion in a"—air quotes—"clonable...state so that my...master...plan of cloning Legion can come to...fruition...and you will all think I'm a viable...leader. Any questions? Remember, the only stupid question is the question that makes me look stupid."
He surveyed the assembled Bad Guys fawning over him like puppies awaiting a snack. Okay, maybe he exaggerated with fawning. The salmon-colored Plaster, with skin like constantly dripping candlewax that replenished as quickly as it dribbled off, sat against a wall and yawned, his waxy face bored. Schizophrenic's left head muttered complaints, ramming his beefcake skull into a growing dent next to the opening through which the cloaks had blasted, which almost drove his toothpick into his throat. Ice Cream Headache coughed and kept fluffing, her hair snaking down her back.
Ugh. His troop listened like the hearing impaired. "Okay, I'm going to count, and when I reach thirty or whatever number trips me up first, I want Legion back in this room or else no fifty-fifty draw tonight. Got that? One...two...three..." Hey, counting to thirty had gotten easier. "Six...uhm, eight...nine...omega...Lieutenant, hold your hands up. I've run out of fingers."
Lieutenant IQ 23 complied. "Sir, though your counting has improved—"
"Thanks to the science of calculator watches."
"—maybe we should simply nominate someone."
"Nominate a volunteer." Master Asinine rubbed his chin, bobbing not only his head but his entire upper body in a slow, funky nod. He dug the idea. He dug. Besides, he'd lost track of how many fingers he'd used after running out of fingers. "The eeny-meeny-miny-moe method. Good idea, Lieutenant. In fact, I believe our foreign exchange flunky is up for a smackdown."
"Pff," Number A pffed. "You can't even count to ten and you hope to lead your team to victory?"
Master Asinine whirled around. "Hey, I can count all the way to twenty when I remove my socks. But now is neither the time nor the place for that kind of sock removal. The time is one hour from now and the place is behind the podium."
Number A tapped the side of his hood. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Number W." He paused, and then, "Hey, Al. Any news on that Blast-o-Matic?" A harrumph later, he said, "Well, keep searching. Just to warn you, the Bad Guys sent one of their own to snoop. I'll send help. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection." He snickered and turned to his gaggle of monks. His cloak's cheek twitched in amusement. "Number AJ, please assist Number W. Protect him against the escaped panelists and this Mechanism so he can search for the Blast-o-Matic unimpeded. I don't want anyone impeding him. Can't have outside factors sneaking around unfactorizing things and calculating things with factors."
One of the hooded chumps nodded sharply and scurried off. How in the lettered decimal system could Number A tell these idiots apart? Had he coded them by stench? Impossible. They all smelled like unlaundered wool.
Asinine nodded that thought off. The cloaks all looked like algebraic chumps to him. He swallowed some salty phlegm. "Lieutenant, are Foreign Exchange Flunky and his problem-solving skills at the ready?"
"Of course, sir. He's raring to show you his talents with a Rubik's Cube."
"That's why we have him for the winter. After all, we are an equal opportunity crime gang."
* * *
"Dag, dag, dag, dag, dag." Magnesimus extended his chest like a barrel, as if shouting at the static-filled sky required stout posture. Legion thought his dags came in sets of six. "Dag!" Ah, there came the last.
Lowensland held hostages, so Legion had to agree: dag.
Legion turned to the others, who stared at the Farsdale field that tinted the sun a muddy brown. Their gazes had changed from shock to entranced gawps that stared mindlessly into the infinite sky. Except Magnesimus's. His red face had probably ruptured a few blood vessels. Maybe it would help if he'd pinned his military honors to his uniform instead of his neck.
Glinseng's tail swayed as if caught in a breeze that kept changing direction. "Legion, didn't you know Lowensland before he became leader of the Bad Guys?" The tail stopped swaying when he finished talking.
"Used to be my...friend." Legion wanted to rip out his own tongue for saying the f word. A toxic bubble rose in his stomach and burned inside him. "I think my inner child just shriveled up and died."
"We need to stop those terrorists," Glinseng said, "so we need to work together." The tail rested but resumed swaying a moment later. "Anybody have any ideas?"
Biff-Like raised a hand. "I do, I have one, only one, but it's a good one-one-one."
"Aside from you, Forsage," Glinseng said. Ah, so Biff-Like had a name, not just an allergy. After Legion's lightning-quick invitation, he hadn't had time to check the panel roster.
Magnesimus whirled at Biff-Like. "Look, no offense, ya heliotoid marmasoid, but it helps when you shut up." He kicked at gravel. "How the piss are we expected to get out of this alive with no weapons? Dag, dag, dag." Magnesimus swiveled around and punched the steel-brick rooftop access. He pulled back his fist and massaged it. "Dag!"
Glinseng stepped in front of Magnesimus. "Okay, congratulations on your tenth dag, but we need to calm down and think more constructively. Also, Magnesimus, you have a piece of wall shrapnel jutting out of your foot."
Legion put a curled hand to his chin. "Lives hang in the balance. Lowensland may crack at any moment and, by crack, I mean crack more. Our top priority is those hostages." His thoughts seethed like starving dogs battling for steak, but he stifled his hatred. To solve this problem, he needed a clear head.
Glinseng padded around Magnesimus. "Before someone realizes we're missing, we have to devise a plan."
Good. Legion wasn't the only rational person among them. He was also not wetting his pants and declaring that fact with pride. Biff-Like grinned and pointed at his crotch with spastic hands.
Legion examined the rooftop for weapons: a tall skylight, shattered and covered in aluminum siding that thumped whenever wind vibrated it; an air purifier; a deteriorating broadcast console that probably couldn't send a signal farther than a few yards; the rooftop access. Nothing he could use to fight.
"What weapons have we got?" Legion wished he had his Marsek. He didn't even have one of those craft-stick guns he'd seized from Lowensland over the years.
Glinseng shrugged. "Nothing."
Magnesimus slammed a palm on the door. "Nothing, dag. Dag!" Legion wanted to check the general's back for a volume dial or an on/off switch. Or a self-destruct button.
"I have the explosive power of five thousand, count 'em, five thousand tons of TNT flowing through my bloodstream-stream-stream," Biff-Like said. "Unfortunately I can only explode once, I also have long toenails—"
Legion threw his hands up. "Unless the prospect of throwing Forsage at the Bad Guys intrigues any of us, we're unarmed."
A pause lulled the conversation. Then Magnesimus said, "It intrigues me."
Glinseng stomped the ground with the heel of a boot (which was properly laced, unlike Biff-Like's). "Great. Unarmed—"
Biff-Like raised a hand. "I have two arms, one, two, yeah—"
"—witless, and outnumbered. Maybe we can..."
Legion's thoughts wandered. Not one but two groups of maniacs had overtaken the peace symposium. One group, a puzzling letter-number throng, was bent on using the most destructive explosive ever known. The other was led by an idiot.
The Blast-o-Matic gnawed at the tender edges of his thoughts. Now, on this rooftop, unease washed over him, roaring through his thoughts like angry waves crashing into the hull of a boat—
"Legion?" A voice cut through the squall of his mind. Glinseng's. "Legion, something wrong?"
Legion looked up. The splashing of his thoughts subsided. The at-sea roiling of his stomach died. "So the plan is we light Forsage on fire and run for our lives."
Chapter Seven: Factory Defect in the Think Tank
A sharp click from Ace Spandex's gabber signified yet another cut connection. His sixteenth rejection. He wanted to pluck the gabber from his ear and crush it. Nobody was interested in sponsoring the Good Guys. Nobody. And if Power Plant called Gilligan's Three-Hour Tours one more time, Ace would—
Oh, it was inevitable anyway. He leaned over and slapped Power Plant on the back of the head.
Power Plant's head banged against the desk. "Hey!" His voice sounded muffled. He looked up and rubbed his lip. "Wuzzat for?"
Ace Spandex chew-snapped his bubblegum. "Makes me feel better."
"Well, it don't does nothing fer me!"
Ace Spandex stood, removed his cap, gripped his hair, and pulled it lightly. Pulling his hair relaxed him, stretched his scalp. He plodded to the line of windows above and beside the monitor bay and leaned his forehead against them to stare down at the distant ground. The laser scar on his eyebrow cooled on the window.
Ace watched, through the reflection in the window, Power Plant holding up a datasheet. On it, the imp had drawn another treasure map that led to his cache of action-figure limbs for his nuclear-test play set. Which was his name for the microwave. "Might be int'rested I finds us a sphinxter. An' why's peoples say laughter's the best medicine, but peoples die o' laughter? I think it's one o' them conspi...conprisa...con...one o' them long words."
Wait. Ace Spandex stopped snapping his gum. He wanted to back things up ten seconds, except he'd have to listen to Power Plant talk again. A sphinxter? A sponsor to regular people? He didn't believe it. He didn't move. Only one eyebrow lifted but not by much because it was suctioned to the window. "You found us a sponsor?"
In his reflection, Franchise removed his gabber and shot Power Plant a quizzical look. He stopped cracking his twiggy knuckles.
"No. A sphin...a sp...a..." He scratched his nose. "Both, I guess."
Ace Spandex opened his mouth but uttered no sound. He didn't want to find out Gilligan's Three-Hour Tours had sponsored them welcoming crossbows for their lobby, yet another of Kamikaze's aspirations in which somebody had to lose their sight. He swiveled away from the window and trudged across the room, easing his cap back on. "I'll bite. Who?"
Power Plant looked at the datasheet in his hand, but, before he could speak, Ace snatched it away. He read the sponsor's name.
For a moment, only a moment, Ace Spandex had felt hope. A trickle of hope. It was neither a long moment nor a bright one, but he could already smell his bubbe's pumpkin sufganiyot. That hope now plummeted like a bowling ball in a lake, sinking deeper and deeper into murkier depths. He again read the name Power Plant had scribbled on the datasheet.
"Jeff." He closed an angry fist. "Jeff, Jeff, Jeff."
"Name's Jeffy, Jeffy, Jeffy."
Ace Spandex sat and pounded his head against the desk. The computer set in the desktop beeped in protest with each pound. "We can't have these guys sponsor us."
"Why come?"
Ace stopped pounding but kept his forehead planted on the desk. It hurt, but nothing inside had cracked. "Imagine us flying around in our transports, the sides laser-painted with this logo."
"Huh?"
Ace Spandex looked up, anger roasting inside him. "Jeff, you got the Bad Guys to sponsor us. They're our archenemies. It's just a little taboo!"
Franchise's forehead bonked against the desktop. Another beep. Then silence, broken only by the drone of the air conditioner. Ace Spandex dropped the datasheet.
"Uhm, that datasheet gots a map. I needs it back if'n I ever wanna sees my action-figure limbs again." He reached out for the datasheet. "An' I wanna sees my action-figure limbs again."
Chapter Eight: This Chapter Was Written before a Live Studio Audience
"Out of the way." Asinine swept Number A against an auditorium wall. Number A's throng of throw-rug alphanumeric geeks compressed with their leader, the group acting like a single organism. "Lieutenant, I—"
"Come back here!" Number A stomped forward to attack. He knocked Asinine back and pointed an angry finger into the soft spot on Asinine's gullet.
Nobody got away with pointing at Asinine's gullet and got away with it. Asinine slammed against Number A again, and Number A faltered back into a brass wall plaque. "This is our symposium."
"You'd never have gotten this far if we hadn't killed the guards in the lobby first. And your uniform's colors make my brain whimper."
"You guys killed the guards in the lobby?" Master Asinine straightened his stance. "Crock. I should have thought of that. Why do I still pay my advisors?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 sidled up beside him. "Sir, you told them you paid them to keep their know-it-all opinions to themselves. As a matter of fact, you gave them a bonus for it last fiscal quarter."
"They should be ignoring my orders. Who else is going to tell me to kill the guards? I brought the ninja for it and everything. You don't know how long Multipurpose has waited to use his new catchphrase, 'Banzai assassination.' Which raises a good point. Multipurpose, what do you do around here?"
"Instill the locals with ninja fear." Multipurpose smoothed a corpulent finger over his sai and peered down its shaft. In his other hand, he held a folded omelet, which he snarled down his gullet.
"Right. The ninja-fear quotient." Leading his parade of Bad Guys, Asinine drummed his regal feet on the carpet and down the aisle's incline toward the stage. "Lieutenant."
"Yes, sir!"
Ow. Master Asinine stopped marching. He stuck a finger in his ear and massaged the inner canal. "Next time, not so much enthusiasm this close to the hear hole." He began marching again, checking the Numbers to make sure they weren't stinking too close to him. Nope. They were stinking only around themselves. "Anyway, Lieutenant, I want you and...well, Braindead, since he can't go five seconds without having you within spitting distance...to make sure those numbered goons don't pull any stunts. So no jumping through flaming hoops. Keep them in alphabetical order. Multipurpose, spike the punch. And take the generics with you. I'm sick of watching them trip over the chairs. Case in point, Short Bus here." Asinine thumbed the red-shirted generic who wore the helmet and kneepads and—there he went again. Looked as if that one hurt. Vertigo was funny to watch but only in small doses. "Plaster and Scapegoat—"
"Nnnnnooooooo crock nnnnoooooo, anybody but him, no, I'll do anythin'," Plaster's tortured bellow roared as Asinine paid it no attention whatsoever. And was that the sound of Plaster's knees buckling? Aside from the hunchback thing, what was wrong with Scapegoat? Given ten minutes and a datasheet, anybody could decode his blended speech paste.
"Plaster and Scapegoat, you will check the roof. Scapegoat needs a more open area to flick his boogers. See if you can find that skid mark we call Legion up there. And, by Legion, I mean, skid mark. Plaster, feel free to tear off a handrail and bat Scapegoat around if his words get too mushed up. Or if he expresses an opinion. The rest of you get back to doing what I do best: nothing." Man, he was so great at this commanding stuff he could snap orders at people in his sleep. In fact, maybe he should.
Plaster grumbled and shuffled his beefy frame to the door that led to the staircase, leaving his usual viscous footprints behind. Scapegoat lurched after him.
Lieutenant IQ 23 raised a hand. "Sir, maybe it's good to check the intermediate floors as well, since the basement and the roof aren't the only floors in the building."
"They aren't?"
"No, sir. That's why the airfoils have buttons numbered up to eight."
He glanced through the exploded holes at the airfoils out in the lobby. "Eh, why not? I'm not paying you guys to just sit around, am I? No, really, am I?" No answer came. "Okay, Foreign Exchange Flunky, keep working on that Rubik's Cube."
"Ja, Herr Asinine. Fast fertig mit Rot."
"Whatever Oktobers your fest. Multipurpose, after your punch-spiking operation, you're on search duty. Start with this floor and work your way down."
"Sir, it may be better if Multipurpose goes up," Lieutenant IQ 23 said. "We're on the ground floor and Mechanism's already covering the basement."
"Right, right. Then work your way up."
Multipurpose rubbed his ever-present sai with an index finger caked in bacon grease. "Actually, I'm having trouble lifting my crocking legs. Ninja cramps. I'm not crocking going anywhere this week." He slurped the bacon grease off his finger.
"Fine. Ice Cream Headache, you up for a search?"
"Not on your life. I wouldn't miss entertainment like this for the world." Ice Cream Headache forked some potato into her mouth. At least she'd changed out of her beauty-sleep pajamas.
Number A stamped his foot again. "We've carefully concocted a plan and you cannot merely come in and undermine my iron rule. Our stactics are foolproof."
Asinine turned to Number A. "Now see here, y—Wait, what's a stactic?"
"It's a combination of a strategy and a tactic. It's the foundation on which we've built our agenda of mass destruction, and you can't simply come in here, overthrow them, and smack things around. That's our job."
"I can too smack things around. I've got a certificate."
"Ha. From what institution?"
"Smackaround U."
"Oh." Number A bobbed his head approvingly. "Okay, I'll give you that one. They actually have an excellent cooperative-education program."
"Smacking things around is my usual stactic. Watch." Asinine approached the Farsdale field that trapped the audience and struck it—ow! He yanked his hand back from the crackle of disdainful current that bit through to his marrow. He put his fingers into his mouth. "Okay, I'll show you later."
Asinine clomped onto the stage. Wooden knocks resonated from underneath the floorboards. Ah, the majesty of his acoustic stride. "Now go, my winged monkeys. Obey my bidding. Search—eh?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 was tapping his shoulder. "Sir, the winged monkeys are at the dry cleaner's."
"Fine. Then, since Multipurpose is useless, you guys go. Check the upper floors."
"Yes, sir," Lieutenant IQ 23 said. He and Braindead scurried toward the lobby.
"Now, I just need two seconds to check up on Mechanism." Asinine tapped his gabber.
"Grrraaarrr! Grün ist die gnadenlose Farbe des Übels!" Foreign Exchange Flunky whipped the Rubik's Cube away.
"Easy, Foreign Exchange Flunky. Just switch the stickers around like everybody else."
* * *
Mechanism descended these gauche stairs into the tacky basement with its pedestrian clutter. Oh, how filthy it was down here. At least this sojourn into the basement afforded him the opportunity to avoid the infantile bickering upstairs.
Mechanism kicked aside an electrical explosive here, an electrical bomb there, a dead rat or eight over there. And, aha! The Blast-o-Matic, in the middle of the room, sitting as if awaiting Mechanism's stately attention. So that was what the most powerful electrical bomb in the galaxy looked like.
Apparently that Number W hadn't found his or her way down here yet. Good. Mechanism had time to examine this bomb.
* * *
Magnesimus had almost tossed Biff-Like off the roof. Legion had considered stopping him. He almost didn't, but Biff-Like was a living person and Legion had to uphold the law. Sometimes Legion did the stupidest things. Or saved the stupidest people.
Legion thought aloud, "Once Lowensland or one of his Bad Guys finds us up here, we'll need a decoy. I'm all for Forsage. But after the Bad Guys dissolve his head to sand, we'll need a backup plan." Alaphus would provide. Whenever Legion couldn't think of a plan, He always provided. So why was Legion trembling? His lack of faith was unworthy of Alaphus.
Around one hand, Legion had wrapped the chain of his Alaphan cross necklace. He'd been clutching it for so long his hand smelled like brass. He squeezed and released it like the throb of a second headache. The first headache was Biff-Like. Or Lowensland. Or those cloaks. Or...Legion consulted his mental list. He'd probably accumulated six headaches today.
"Here's the plan," Glinseng said. "The lack of weapons leaves Matross and me with only our wits, Magnesimus with only his dags, and Forsage with nothing. Our inventory is low, but our resources are high. Matross, your history with Lowensland leads you to believe..." He trailed off to let Legion pick up the thought.
"Since his Voltron replica won't fit through the rooftop access, I'm suspecting he'll send either Mechanism or Schizophrenic. Actually he might still send Voltron."
Glinseng scratched his head. "Remind me again why he leads Renovodomus's organized crime."
"He assassinated his coleaders. Then he declared himself Supreme Chancellor of Suede." Legion felt the need to add, "I'm not kidding."
Glinseng rubbed his chin. "Okay. We'll quadruple-team whoever shows up. I can't think of any other workable plan." When Biff-Like raised his hand, Glinseng said, "Forsage, the raging secretion of your sweat pores may not be useful in this situation. And please stop selling it over the Intergalacticnet."
Something tapped from behind the rooftop access. Legion whipped up an open hand to silence the group and ignored the high-five Biff-Like slapped into that open hand. Legion's eyes stole across the roof. A sickly bubble climbed up his throat. Another tap. Someone was coming.
Magnesimus jolted. "Dag, everyone hide. Forsage, jump off the roof."
* * *
"Hmmm." Asinine stared into his bowl with a curious eyebrow, swirling his cereal with a spoon. "Even the milk turns chocolaty." Huh. Weird.
"Anyway, now that my forces are properly spread thin, let's get back to these cloaked embarrassments." Master Asinine placed the bowl on the podium to save it for later. It slid down the slant and spilled onto the stage. Pistol drawn, he aimed at Number A's forehead and stalked forward, but his aim faltered slightly when he tumbled over the edge of the stage. He should really watch where he was tripping. But he bounced back up. Quick recovery.
He reached Number A and stopped. A marked improvement over the last time he had smacked into something. "I order you and your hoodies to leave my hostage situation. You're sucking to within a two-point range. You can't fight calculated facts like that even if you think letters are numbers. We planned everything and I don't want to blow your brains out since I don't even know where your head is in that thing."
Asinine forced the barrel of his pistol against Number A's hood, pressing in its fabric until it touched something. Good. The head was where he thought it would be. Number A wasn't just a voice inside a void like those hallucinations of Asinine's that pranced around and jabbed him with tiny sporks. Which still felt better than being jabbed with spives. Or chopsticorkscrewsporktongknifoons. Stupid serrated edges. "Multipurpose, during my next journey-slash-hallucination into the Land of Noxious Waste, we'll use hybrid utensils. They're very effective torture dinnerware."
Multipurpose slammed a rotund fist on the carpet. He retracted it with a carpet rash across his fingers. "Crock, I hate stumbling into the Peyote Vision Quest Machine."
"A necessary evil if we want to reach the space station's fuse box. Also, I've added a new difficulty setting to its 'Teenage Girls at a Boy Band Concert' scenario like someone said in the suggestion box." He curled a lip at Number A. "Now, cloakie, about leaving, will you listen to reason? Or at least my version of it?"
Number A's face grew a smile. It peeked from the shadows of his hood like the Cheshire Cat's smirk. He tilted back to address his throng with the faintest twinge of glee. "Evil, Atrocious, Harmful, Spiteful, Villainous, Brutish, Evildoing Guys Who Do Evil—"
Asinine politely interrupted Number A by cracking an open palm across his hood. "If you insist on calling yourselves something ludicrously ludicrous, at least shorten it so it doesn't ramble past the point of stupidity. Let me help you." His voice dropped to a mutter and he stared off in puddle-deep thought. "Evil...atrocious...spite-brute...evil again...harmish...uhm...evil a third time. Okay, let's see. Evil means wicked and wicked is a good thing...except in this case...being an evil thing...multiply by its own radius...adjust for inflation...evil is bad." Aha. "Hey, cloakie, how about the Bad Guys? It—"
As soon as the words leaked from his mouth, realization broke. It broke mightily, like a code-yellow emergency. He'd feel this one in the morning. "You copycats! First you rip off our hostage idea and then you pilfer our name. What's next? Raid our fridge?"
Ice Cream Headache cleared her throat. "I think that was a coincidence."
"Hey, I know coincidences. They don't happen by chance."
"I'm through fooling around. So witness the weapon in my metal hands." Number A flourished his cloak with a ruffle, and a metal hand sprang out. His rounded fingertips glinted under their talons for supreme, catfight action. His fingers slapped together like the gnashing jaws of a sock puppet. Between the first and second knuckles of each finger, clear blue lights lay encapsulated inside the metal. The lights began glowing and humming like an orchestra pit tuning up for a grand opus. They glowed? Amazing! Asinine wanted to get his hands on one. And into one. They probably received All-Girl Bands Always FM. And the faint humming made the hand that much sweeter. Actually, it probably tasted steely, but steel tasted sweet with a dash of sugar. Screw the extra calories.
Asinine checked Number A's other hand. That hand glowed as well. "How can I make my hands glow? What are those things for? Malevolent back scratching? I hope they're for malevolent back scratching. Malevolent means 'gets the hard-to-reach spots.'" Asinine regarded his pistol with a curdled look. It was far less cool than it had been five minutes ago. Crock, Asinine always, always, always got saddled with the stupid weapons. Why couldn't Brick give him the paper-shredder gloves like he'd asked? Ten sheets of skin were nothing to those things.
"Those hands look powerful," Asinine said. "May I have one? Like, right now?"
Number A cleared his throat. "No, for freedom from your oppression approaches. You can't impede our supreme stactics. You can't cheat this death. There's no escape."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Apocalypse, prepare, gotcha. Do your stactics include an after-apocalypse party?"
"Uh, good question. One doesn't often get a chance to attend an after-apocalypse party, but let me check with Lord Alpha."
With Number A leading the way, the cloaks crowded in tightly. Asinine looked back at his Bad Guys. He could use their help. Some of them showed slight concern. For instance, Ice Cream Headache yawned. She choked on some hair that got into her mouth.
Asinine faced his attackers. Number A reached into his cloak and rummaged around. When his hand reemerged, it clutched a Farsdale field. In one flowing motion, he hurled the field at Asinine's followers. Its bubble shattered on the floor, and it expanded until it cut into the ceiling, narrowly missing the chandelier.
What?
"What?"
What?
Asinine's Bad Guys, trapped inside a Farsdale field! The field sliced a rounded section out of the ceiling. That section crashed onto a chair where it split, missing Schizophrenic's cannon arm by mere inches. A shame it hadn't hit.
"Hey!" Multipurpose stood, but he winced and clutched his bulbous kneecap. "Ooh, not good, not good. Forget I crocking said anything."
"What's the big idea with the Farsdale field?" Ice Cream Headache stumbled from her chair. "And is there any coffee in that breakfast buffet?"
"Okay, no more late-night infomercials on work nights," Asinine said.
The cloaked figures continued their slow approach. Some circled around to trap Asinine inside their crowd like a mob of zombies closing in for the kill. They neither shoved nor gave room for escape, though their presence exuded stuffy aggression. "Lord Alpha warned us someone would be here."
"This Lord Alpha's really becoming a pain in the omega." Alone and cornered. Asinine felt the air grow stale. His lungs overworked to breathe. He shoved a cloak against a wall. "Back up, will you? You're freaking me out, personal-bubble-invasion-wise. I'm warning you, I really dish it out when I need to. Okay, now I'm really warning you. You got one last warning in the bank, okay? One la—Don't make me warn you to death!"
The throng pushed against his back, his front, his sides, engulfing him. Number A remained at the front of the crowd, shoving him with each step. Asinine hopped to catch a glimpse of his Bad Guys, who gathered by the field's boundary and observed like bored moviegoers. "A little help here?"
"Can't." Multipurpose checked his watch, for once not cringing in pain when he budged. "Break time. Plus we're stuck in this crocking Farsdale field!"
Oh, right. The Farsdale field. "Then Ice Cream Headache?"
"Same." Ice Cream Headache still worked on that potato dish.
"Just use your brain freeze hyperability on all four hundred of these numbers! All at once!"
"Rrrrrright. All four hundred at once."
Sometimes Asinine couldn't get through to her. "Okay, letter cloakies, maybe we can work out a deal. You go along with my plan...and it's off to the stuffed-animal farm to buy plush thundermammals for everybody. On me, Number A through"—Asinine estimated—"R, I guess. Even the scrawny guy in the back." He outstretched his arms with ham-acted enthusiasm. Were they buying it?
Number A spat a sterile laugh. "You really are as clueless as the news reports say."
Asinine raised a single objecting finger. "Hey, that's not a fair statement. I picked up on Colonel Mustard in the study and now it's only a matter of narrowing down the weapon."
The cloaks parted behind Asinine to allow him to move a couple steps back. He stumbled onto the stage and over an upended chair next to the podium. He hit the floor and pushed away with his feet. He'd lost his pistol, which had clattered off the stage when he'd tripped. That weapon seemed inadequate, anyway. At times like these, he wished he'd brought the pocket-sized foldout triceratops.
Number A passed the podium and scraped squiggly lines down its laminated surface with the claws of his left hand. This produced a splintery screech. "Lord Alpha told us about you. He must have overheard one of your followers saying nasty things about you. He revealed secret information. He told us your incompetence was worse than even mine. I didn't believe him at first, but you really are that obtuse."
Asinine stopped backpedaling. "I keep telling my followers not to reveal secret information because that's how feelings get hurt."
Number A looked down at his hands and snickered. "Beware my hands, for they are now adjusted to the most destructive setting of all: Apocalyptic Tickle."
"Hey, do those things have a setting for video-game cheats? I'm having trouble with Mega Street Brawl Involving Tanks and Such."
"You like these gloves?" Number A laughed under his hood. He lunged—clawed Asinine down one arm! "How do you like them now?"
Asinine prepared his fist for a punch but...wait. No! His arm wouldn't move! It was frozen. He danced in place, and the arm flopped against his side. "What? What did you do? My arm...It won't move! If only I had another arm to punch your lights out with."
"That's the gloves' very best feature." Number A tapped a metal fingertip on Asinine's shoulder. "They dispense a toxin that anesthetizes you. Your arm will take a few moments before it regains movement." He sprang at Asinine's other arm, but Asinine dodged away.
Asinine still jiggled in place, his arm like a dead slab knocking against his hip. "This really sucks. But, to answer your question, I still think the gloves are awesome."
* * *
Legion stationed himself behind the deteriorating broadcast console. It stank like festering oil, as if it had lived in the rancid crack of existence since time began to march. And it felt hotter than a radiator on full blast, a sun piggybacking him. Its heat and smell combined to inflict him with a concentration of churning nausea he'd never before felt except when hearing about Lowensland's traveling circus.
Legion flattened his antennae against his head as much as he could. He stole a glance but snapped back out of sight. If Lowensland was sneaking around the rooftop, peeking would only make that buffoon think this was a game of hide-and-seek.
"C'mon out, ya cowardly wusses," a gravelly voice said, "or I'll start bangin' things around till I find ya. I also might throw somethin' or someone."
Come on out? Not likely, Legion's survival instinct thought.
"C'mon, do-good-nicks. This ain't gonna hurt for long unless I decide to rend ya limb from limb, which, I gotta be honest, is quite likely." Legion recognized the pebble-grinding voice but couldn't place it. Its owner didn't announce himself with confetti and a fanfare, so it didn't belong to Lowensland. Besides, Lowensland preferred rending people nose hair from nose hair.
Legion dared not peek. The voice seemed to speak directly to him as if its owner knew where he hid, could smell him. He raised one arm, sniffed, then the other, sniffed again. Good. Everything smelled okay. And more than a little sporty fresh.
The crunch of feet drew closer. Legion held his breath and pressed his back against the console, though sizzling sweat now washed his body. It leaked down his forehead and clung to the back of his shirt. The broadcast console radiated so angrily Legion thought he might dissolve.
Another footstep. Legion grabbed his necklace, feeling the bite of heat from where it had touched the console. With it squeezed in both hands, he placed a kiss on the bullet hole marring its cross. Alaphus would never let one of His flock die so lamely. Not at the hands and torturous dialogue of a Bad Guy.
"Goody-goods here up somewhere think you, yes yes?" a second voice said. Legion felt instant relief. Scapegoat was here and blabbering nonsensical garbage like only Scapegoat could. That hunchback was unique in his stupidity. Only Alaphus could decipher the speech impediment of someone with such a lame catchphrase as "yes, yes."
"Go toss yourself a grammar guide. Where else would they be? Didn't see no wussiness all over the other floors when we came up those stairs." Was wussiness visible?
Something clanged on the pebbled ground, causing a shockwave to undulate through Legion's body. The intruder held a weapon that he dragged against the gravel, overpowering the sound of his approaching footsteps.
Legion placed one hand against the ground for balance and shifted forward. He risked a peek over the box, keeping his movements as silent as possible.
The interloper was Plaster, who oozed skin like a melting wax statue. Not one of Lowensland's smartest cronies. In one hand, Plaster held a staircase railing, one end twisted sharply since he'd obviously torn it off a wall. He banged that end against the ground and strutted into the middle of the roof with a confidence only those dense enough to stumble into the center of battle could match. But Plaster was not known for strategy. Rather, he was known for ugliness. And the tulip tattoo on his left buttock that peeked out from his boxers. Ugh. A different kind of nausea contracted Legion's abdomen.
Plaster turned in his direction—Legion ducked! The ugly Bad Guy stood only twenty feet away but still approached. Now the crunch of gravel followed a path straight for Legion and stopped not four feet away. Only the flimsy broadcast console separated them. Legion squeezed his cross more tightly and brought it to his heart. He prayed, Dear Alaphus in Heaven, in all Your wisdom, in all Your tranquility, in all Your benevolence of heart and spirit, please reduce Plaster to a smoldering waste.
He peered through the sweat that dripped into his vision. He looked to the right. Glinseng had chosen the skylight for cover but now crept around it. He approached Plaster, his fingertips sweeping against the ground to keep him low and hidden behind the skylight's aluminum siding.
Good. Everyone had taken their positions. Legion stood behind the broadcast console for a forward view, Glinseng behind the skylight for a left view, Magnesimus around the rooftop access for a rear view, and Biff-Like around the air purifier eating gravel. As a distraction, of course.
Biff-Like's lip-smacking weaved its way into the air. Plaster noticed the snarling sounds of his feast. His head angled toward the sounds. The muscles in his legs bunched. Sounds of his feet on the gravel turned, wandered toward a face-to-face meeting with the seasoned talents of Magnesimus. The perfect plan. Legion and Glinseng could—
Wait. No! Plaster's footsteps rotated and crept the opposite way, toward the skylight behind which Glinseng hid. Had he figured out their plan? He wasn't exactly on the brain-surgery side of the intellectual scale.
Legion heard Plaster step toward the skylight, the railing still scraping the pebbles. But he lifted his weapon and became silent, so Legion peeked again. He was missing. Oh, great. With no sight or sound to mark him, he was untraceable.
And where was Scapegoat? Probably on the other side of the rooftop helping Biff-Like lick the bricks clean.
Legion motioned to Glinseng with a frantic wave. At first he wanted Glinseng to get away, but that wasn't smart. He couldn't figure out where Plaster had disappeared to. Glinseng could bowl the Bad Guy over by running in the wrong direction. And Legion couldn't leave the broadcast console or Plaster might spot him.
Legion spied Scapegoat, who appeared enthralled with the green nugget he'd dug from his nose. Scapegoat wasn't looking. Legion darted toward the skylight and pressed against the aluminum panels on the side that sat counterclockwise to Glinseng.
He peeked around the corner. He couldn't spot Plaster. He glanced at Scapegoat, hoping the prattling hunchback kept looking away. If not, Legion would hear the disorganized squabble of what Scapegoat called communication but what everyone else called the main attraction at a freak show.
Scapegoat, ladies and gentlemen. The only person who ended a sentence with a nose pick, yes yes.
A foot scuffled from Glinseng's direction. Too heavy to be Glinseng's foot. Legion lifted his head. His senses heightened to a defensive alertness experienced only when Power Plant was on a sugar high. He crept around the corner toward Glinseng. Glinseng looked at him—away from Plaster who now swung his railing at Glinseng's neck.
Legion grabbed a rock, flung it at Plaster—deflection! The rock hit Plaster, the railing hit the skylight—
—and everything calmed.
* * *
Plaster woke. Crock, he was groggy. Everythin' had gone dark, like the infinite pits o' Scapegoat's ignorance. His eyes ungummed with that squishy feelin', so he wiped off the oozin' skin that dripped into their sockets. His vision swam for a moment before clearin'.
Over him stood those four blasted do-good-nicks he'd come here to snap in half. Crock. They was still in four wholes. Eight halves woulda been better. If Plaster had kept his promise of rendin' them limb from limb, they'd have ended up in three million three-millionths. Fractionalizin' people was fun and easy. Plaster had learned long division that way.
The green-washed sun blazed above and, underneat', the pebbled roof scratched his back. This created a hot-an'-cold feelin' over him.
With a scowl, Legion crouched only inches above Plaster's face. The war vet, Magnesimus, leaned over Plaster, the metal railin' pressed against Plaster's throat with both hands. The other two do-good-nicks stood close by. One of 'em twitched like he was standin' on a vibratin' bed. The last time Plaster had been in a situation like this, it involved calmin' Asinine down before his tonsillectomy.
Plaster's lips unglued. He spat oozin' skin from his mouth and spoke a couple o' thick words before his speech returned to its typical studly flavor. "You tryin' to threaten—"
"Shut up." Legion whipped a pistol out from his pocket. Scapegoat's pistol. Great. So they'd caught Scapegoat, too. No surprise there. In fact, Plaster had armed Scapegoat so that hopeless moron would blow off his own foot. Scapegoat had probably been too busy tryin' to think of a fluid sentence instead o' puttin' up a fight. Or tryin' to figure out how to zip up his fly.
Or walk. Sometimes Scapegoat had trouble walkin'.
Plaster checked the rooftop access and saw the sissified hunchback crumpled against the steel-brick wall and blubberin' somethin' in his unconsciousness. Plaster couldn't make out Scapegoat's prattle, but he bet each sentence ended wit' "yes." Or "master, yes." Or "I'm a feeble spaz-twit wit' the intelligence of a sandpit, yes." Schizophrenic had taught him that last one.
Plaster grunted. "What are—"
"We're asking the questions," Legion squawk-squawk-squawked. "You answer us and answer quietly. We can't have your cohorts hearing. Cooperate, or we'll find ways to make you cooperate. Your choice."
The bug-eyed twitcher stabbed a finger at Plaster. Plaster considered bitin' the finger off. "You talk very quietly, so quietly, mouse quietly, don't even speak, just blink, only blinking, no speaking, got that-that-that?" The twitcher placed a foot against Plaster's chest and pressed down, squishin' Plaster's back against the pebbles. The foot quivered. His eyes twitched so much they refused to focus.
"If you don't move that foot in a second, you ain't gonna have to move it at all."
Twitch got the intent. He removed his foot. "Okay, no more talking, no more, you blink your answers"—he got more agitated wit' each word—"one blink for 'yes,' two for 'no,' three for 'maybe,' four for 'not sure,' five for 'let me get back to you on that one,' six for 'I want my lawyer,' seven for 'rook takes queen's pawn'—"
Legion stepped in front of him. "Forsage, cut it short. They have hostages down there." Plaster chuckled. Legion's annoyance practically spewed outta the top of his skull like a nutsoid volcano.
"Okay, but if anyone has to use the bathroom, blink one hundred and nine times-times-times."
Legion ignored Twitch. Good choice. "Okay, Plaster, Lowensland can steal a DNA sample of me anywhere. So why are the Bad Guys here? Do you have any idea who that second set of terrorists is?"
Twice for no? Plaster couldn't remember none o' that. Whatever. He'd rather take queen's pawn, anyway. He blinked—
Legion kicked his hip. "Forget the blinks and just answer. I don't buy this cloning business. So tell me: why are you here?"
"More buttons for Asinine's mechanical shoebox o' doom. You think I'm gonna tell you?"
"You're about as antisocial as Schizophrenic's left head." Legion kicked him again. It felt like a freakin' tickle tap. Plaster spewed skin from his nose in a guffaw. At least the kick scratched his itch.
"Look, Plaster, we have very little time before Lowensland decides he can afford to kill those hostages. So I don't want to hear about his shoebox of doom. Once a week is enough." Legion leaned down and put the gun in Plaster's eye socket. "So, if you think having no depth perception would be fun, keep giving me useless answers. Why...are...you...here?"
With four cases o' bad breath bearin' down on him, one do-good-nick holdin' a pistol, and another do-good-nick pressin' his own whippin' railing against his throat, Plaster couldn't see no way to end this tedium. So he answered. Might as well. "Who knows? Asinine's got some master plan. Again."
Legion rolled his eyes. Plaster wished he could, too, but he'd get pistol grease in his eye socket.
"And he really plans to clone me? Who gave him that idea?"
"Mechanism. Then Mechanism laughed at him. Then he pointed an' fell over an' kept laughin'. Then he stopped, caught his breath, and started laughin' again."
"So who are those cloaked terrorists?" Legion asked.
"Don't know that either. They got their alphanumberin' systems mixed up and they keep spewin' somethin' about blowin' up the galaxy with the Blast-o-Matic, somethin' 'bout some guy named Lord Alpha. But that's all I know. That's all they talk about."
"This is going nowhere." The war vet crossed his arms.
"No kidding. Those hostages won't last forever. Hold this." Legion handed Magnesimus the pistol, reached down, and wrenched Plaster's gabber from his ear. Plaster considered protestin', but whatever. He didn't pay for the stupid thing.
Legion flicked the goo from the gabber, looked at it, grimaced wit' disgust, an' shoved it into the cup at the top of his antenna. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Master Asinine." The gabber knew what species its wearer belonged to. It compensated for Legion's antenna by sproutin' a longer mouthpiece stem. Attached by a thin wire, the mouthpiece zipped down to Legion's skin-covered ear and curled 'round his chin. Its earpiece curled over his bald head and planted itself into the cup in his other antenna.
"Like you'll get anything outta him," Plaster said. "Ya want Asinine to tell you his plan? He can't even remember it."
"Your services are no longer required, dag." The war vet kicked Plaster in the temple. Plaster blacked out. He hated that fadin' feeling.
That nutty war vet probably enjoyed kickin' him, too.
* * *
The cloaks squeezed Master Asinine in an abundant curtain that crowded so closely even the vaguest notion of calculating their square root seemed impossible. Much like Multipurpose, one of these cloaks didn't know the proper application of deodorant.
One cloak shoved Asinine into another. That cloak bounded him into yet another, and a jabbing elbow to Asinine's side bounced him into a fourth.
That was it. Asinine was nobody's pinball except Schizophrenic's. He stamped his foot on the stage and, with his still-working hand, snatched up the extra pistol he stowed in his holster for special occasions. This wasn't one, but he'd made the short trip to his wit's end. He gripped the pistol tightly and jabbed its unpolished barrel into Number A's nose. Right now, he was all about seeing a snotty bullet erupt violently from the back of Number A's brain stem. Bullets emptied noses better than tissues.
"Stay away." He eyed the Arrogant, Atrocious, Completely Self-Deluded Guys and sprouted a toothy smirk, which would have looked cooler if he'd brought a gold tooth capper or had IQ 23 punch out a bicuspid. He'd have looked all piratey, matey. "Get away or I repaint this guy's brains all over the brains of the guy behind him."
The throng spread back and pressed against the stage's slender table. Number A held his ground to give him and Asinine a wide gap. "How long until I can use my arm?"
Number A shrugged. "A minute? An hour? Depends on the person."
"For your sake, it'd better be quick." If Asinine shot Number A's nose off as planned, the crowd would take it the wrong way. But Asinine tried never to think more than one step ahead. That kept his brain from exceeding its half-a-thought-at-a-time maximum. And right now it was busy sprouting his toothy smile.
Low-wattage thinking. No throbbing pain or rough morning hangover.
"Take your finger off the trigger." Number A swallowed hard, his eyes wavering to Asinine's pistol.
"Take my finger off the trigger? You and I have differing opinions on what's best in this situation. My opinion is to donate several of your cranial organs to decorative art. Your opinion doesn't matter." Asinine was still trying to work his deadened arm.
Number A's voice trembled. He shifted behind the podium. "If you kill me, my Numbers will make sure your mother receives a nasty note about this. And then she'll call you. And nobody wants a nasty call from their mother."
Asinine knocked his pistol against his forehead. Crock. His mother didn't need to know about this. He hated monkey wrenches in his master plans. His grip loosened. The pistol gave a cocking click, so he eased his thumb off the button that played that gun-cocking sound. A very cool add-on to a gun that didn't actually need cocking. Money well spent.
Okay, plan B time. Plan B was to come up with plan C.
Okay, plan C time. "How about if I take out your kneecaps?"
Number A's cheek danced a tight rhythm of tics. Asinine pictured the proposition pinging around inside his head. "Not a call to your mother, but my Numbers would give you a very stern look," Number A said. "Very stern."
"Schizophrenic gives me atomic wedgies. Stern looks I can handle. Let's go with the kneecap shot, because it's something we'll all be happy about. Except you." Asinine pressed his thumb against the cocking button and the pistol clicked again. Its pins and joints ticked with glee. They'd get to shed blood today, maybe organ goop. Asinine aimed down and pressed the button to produce the sound again. Heh. He could play with that button all day.
His gabber blurted its invasive warning of an incoming connection from Plaster. Grarr! Why must he always get calls at the most inconvenient moments? Could one of his cronies not figure out how to properly dispose of a body? Didn't anyone learn anything from that last seminar? Not figuring things out was Asinine's department, not theirs.
He almost reflexively pulled his finger over the trigger. Bad move, because it was currently pointed at his foot. "Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection." This had better be good.
"Lowensland?" a voice said, caked with vile integrity and decency. Legion.
Asinine frowned at the mouthpiece that had darted across his vision right below his nose. "You're not Plaster. What do you want? I'm in the middle of a kneecapitation. You have thirty seconds to plead your case. Any more than that and I'll execute one of my own people."
"Lowensland, quit barking commands to hide your lack of intellect."
"I hide my lack of intellect behind nothing! And I've never given a command in my—Oh, wait. I command the largest criminal organization in Renovodomus. And I bark a lot, too." So many wrong trees, so little time.
"Lowensland, we have Plaster and Scapegoat up here. We're holding them at gunpoint and our resident Boy Scout, Magnesimus, is tying them up with the laser rope you left lying around on the stairs."
"Wait. Is your Boy Scout a certified knoteer?" Asinine shifted his weight to his other foot and managed to fling his desensitized arm over the podium. It slipped off. Stupid arm.
"Knoteer? What's a knoteer? And please give me a definition that makes sense."
"A knoteer. One who has an affinity for and a talent with knots."
Legion sighed. Asinine pictured his jaw hinging open admiringly. "Are you for real?"
"Ask him to flash you his knot badge!"
Another sigh. "Hold on. (Idiot.)" He shouted, causing the gabber to distort his voice. "Hey, Magnesimus! I need to—Lowensland, forget it. The issue here isn't to verify Magnesimus's knot-tying street creds. The issue is to trade Plaster and Scapegoat for the hostages."
"What? There's no way I'm giving up my hostages. We have at least..." Asinine examined the Farsdale field that compressed the hostages into a tight crowd he was glad he wasn't in because he had to go wee-wees. "We have probably more than four hostages. Plaster isn't even worth the pinkie on the least of them. Actually, the least of them has no pinkies."
"Lowensland, listen to reason."
"Why start now?" Asinine spread his arms. Make that his arm.
"Will you shut up? We have two of your people or what qualifies for people. Either we trade them for your hostages, or we torture Plaster for all your secrets. We'll crack you wide open. That means your space station's weak points. That means the entry codes to your computers—"
A gasp rippled through Asinine's body like an adrenal shock. "Not my chicken cacciatore recipe."
Legion huffed. "Oooorrrr something useful."
All Asinine's secrets exposed, uncovered, unsecreted, fill-in-the-blank-with-your-own-nifty-synonym-ed. "No. You'll never get your grubby green paws on my recipe. It's been in my family for days. I'll deal. The time and place: the oxygen plant on Minerva, the terraforming one across from the...Well, there's only the one, and—"
"Or how about on the roof of this building? Since we're both already here. And you won't let us leave."
"The Farsdale thing? Don't pin that on me. The cloaks set that up."
"Just meet me up here."
"Okay, but we meet alone. And not the version of alone where we both think it's open to interpretation and so we take hidden snipers or wear wires. You know, the dictionary's version of alone. As soon as I find a dictionary, I'll do that."
"Alone, then. One on one. Now."
"Now is good. Now is convenient. I've got a gaggle of apocalyptic fools here waiting to destroy the galaxy. They have a guy who's looking for the Blast-o-Matic right now, but I'll put them off for a few minutes."
"Wait. Those apocalyptic fools are already looking for the Blast-o-Matic?"
"Yes, the Blas—Is your gabber on the blink or is your hearing bad? I'll set them aside for beatings later. Relax. It won't be the first time." Asinine holstered his pistol. To their credit, the cloaks didn't attack, letting him finish his call.
Number A threw the podium aside. "You turn your backs on us and I will find that Blast-o-Matic, tie you to it, and press the big red Asinine-eraser button."
Asinine raised a talking hand and flapped its finger jaws. "Blah blah blah. Then stop being all unintelligent conversation and do it. Anyway—"
Legion yelled into the gabber, "Lowensland, don't encourage him. The Blast-o-Matic is in the basement."
"So I'll send him down there, get him out of the way."
"Do you know what'll happen if he uses it?"
"Yeah, he'll wipe the galaxy off the map of the stars."
"Yes, and do you know what that means?"
"We'll all die in a bright, blinding light and everything will get sucked into a gravity well. So what?"
"So we'll all die. Lowensland, you have to stop them."
This conversation was going nowhere. The worst time to have to go potty. "Are you going to meet me or not? On the roof as soon as I come up with a way to go back on my word of coming alone. Dishonest ambushing. Gotta love it." Asinine tapped the gabber's bud to end the call.
He pulled his gun back out and trained it on Number A's kneecaps, pressing into the crowd toward the stairwell door. The cloaks' hoods creased ominously, and their stern looks shot daggers at him. Or dotted lines like in comic books. Among them, Number A's hands stood out, their blue lights battling for supremacy against the silver metal of the fingers. "Out of my way, druids. I'll deal with you later."
Number A tore through the crowd after him. "How dare you leave? You'll deal with us right this instant."
"The Blast-o-Matic's in the basement. Go detonate it."
As if fate allowed for the coincidental meeting, Lieutenant IQ 23 and Braindead appeared at the door, returning from their less-than-qualified search of the upper floors. Lieutenant IQ 23 beamed. "Good news, sir. The bathrooms indeed have hand sanitizers."
"Never mind that, Lieutenant. I have a playdate on the roof with Legion. Please have a lime-flavored orange juice waiting for me when I return. Baked, not fried."
"A playdate, sir. Good for you. You've always said you needed more social time."
Asinine slowed upon reaching Number A, his working hand in a grip that could turn diamonds to coal. (Diamonds to coal? Coal to diamonds? Stuff to other stuff anyway.) He passed Number A with a snarl and watched this shady cloak—Was he growling at Asinine? Oh, that was it. This fight was on!
Asinine lunged at Number A to wring this jerk's neck. He slid his gun out of its holster and slammed the blade of his arm against the shrouded freak's throat. "Say uncle. Say it."
Number A's speech sounded strangled. "No. You're not related to me in any way whatsoever."
The two wrestled each other, rolling against the back wall. Asinine dropped his gun and closed his fingers around Number A's throat. Number A pried at his wrist with those cold, metal gloves. Finally Asinine broke his hand free of Number A's neck and dealt him a smack by flopping his sleeping arm around. Number A recovered and slammed an elbow into Asinine's face. The two squashed together with grappling hands.
Arms detached Asinine from Number A, though pulling them apart felt as resistant as tearing duct tape off itself. Asinine struggled, tried hard to grapple free of IQ 23 so he could beat Number A into soup.
"Sir, you have more important things to take care of." Lieutenant IQ 23 stood between Asinine and Number A. "Remember your master plan. You have to meet Legion to steal a DNA sample. Our future rests on it."
Fine. No time to waste on this useless Number. Asinine's struggling abated. "You're right, Lieutenant. The master plan is vital. Your service is invaluable. Expect more than armed plastique in your Boxing Day stocking this year." He adjusted his collar. Couldn't wrinkle this thing since it was his favorite outfit after his saffron-and-glow-in-the-dark-green-striped shirt. It went great with his turquoise championship belt. "Now, to the playdate."
"Don't forget your squeeze toy, sir." Lieutenant IQ 23 held the discarded pistol. "Oh, and before you run off..." He reached into a pocket and grabbed something. A tiny box. "Your Flintstones vitamin."
Asinine plucked a vitamin from the box's opening. "You're too good to me, Lieutenant."
Chapter Nine: Product Misplacement
Ace Spandex slapped Power Plant's datasheet off the table with one angry swipe. He slunk forward as if preparing to pounce. "Jeff, didn't you realize what you were doing?"
Power Plant looked as if he were thinking. Then he thought some more. And some more. "I never realize what's I doing."
Ace smacked both hands to his forehead. He wanted to pull out his hair. "And you accepted their offer without clearing it with Harrier. Or waiting for Legion to get back. We're locked in!"
"Hey, I dones what I supposed to dids." Power Plant leaped from his seat. His knee bumped the underside of the desk. "And I supposed to screws everything up. So I dids."
"Then job well did! I mean, 'done'!" Ace Spandex pounded the desk. A gabber leaped from it, sprouting its mouth- and earpiece. Ace snatched his arm away as if a cobra had lunged out of the gabber.
"You know what you're going to do? You're going to gabber the Bad Guys back. You're going to straighten things out with them and call the deal off. Tell them who you represent."
"Oh, they know." Franchise, having retrieved Power Plant's datasheet from the floor, scanned it and sat. "Jeffy electronically signed a contract. Brick sent the terms over the gabber connection, and the gabber beamed it onto the datasheet. They're giving us seven million moolahs in exchange for a few minor things. Looks like we'll get our new haunt control in time after all. And all we have to do is wear the Bad Guys' sports gear at any company picnics. And laser-paint their logo on a bunch of our stuff." He looked up. "Hey, Jeffy, when did IP give you signing authority?"
"Jeff, get on the gabber right now and fix this." Ace Spandex seethed through his teeth. "My bubbe is waiting for me."
Power Plant backed into a storage cabinet. "I don't thinks your bubba wanna hears about our contract."
Ace skulked around the desk like a predator. "Call—the Bad Guys—and sever—the deal."
Still deeply fixated by the datasheet, Franchise scratched his head. "Does anyone else find this loan counterproductive for the Bad Guys? I mean, we're going to use their own funding to fight them." He tilted his head and pursed his lips. "Course, it's their fault we have no haunt control in the first place." His eyes dropped to the bottom of the datasheet. Without inflection, he read, "'Sports gear includes team jerseys, elbow pads, and jock straps and cups.'" He looked up at Ace Spandex with a perk in his eyebrow. "Jock straps and cups? That's messed up. Instead of the Bad Guys kicking us there, their supplies are going to be protecting our—"
"You call them back. You renege on that deal." Ace Spandex grabbed the gabber on the desk and flung it at Power Plant. Power Plant threw his arms up to block the gabber that deflected off his forehead and clicked away.
"No way I backs out. I hate talkin' to their contract guy. Stinks all weird."
"You can't smell him over a gabber." Ace kicked aside a chair, heat frothing in his body like an overfilled pot of boiling water. With clutched hands, he hurled his baseball cap at Power Plant. He launched himself forward. Power Plant ducked aside, and Ace Spandex slammed into the storage cabinet.
A clatter. In a fit of hilarity, Franchise flopped his arms and head onto the desk. "Oh, it gets better." He still clutched the datasheet. Ace Spandex scowled at him. How dare he find this funny? "Says here, 'A laser-on patch must adorn all Good Guy field attire over the outside shoulder. This patch must span a diameter no smaller than four inches.'" He dropped the datasheet and doubled over in his chair, his legs kicking air. In words scattered with giggling, he managed to say, "Their logo has to be bigger than ours."
Ace's head revolved like a tank turret. He located Power Plant. Terminate!
"Get back here!" He threw himself forward.
Chapter Ten: Half-Cocking an Empty Gun
Legion's hands trembled. He and the others had finished dragging Plaster out of sight around the broadcast console—a heavy and slimy load—so he wasn't sure if he shook from fear or exhaustion. "Awful news. Newsworthy awful, provided there is any more news after today." He looked at Biff-Like. "The Blast-o-Matic you created. You said it was in the basement?"
"In the basement, can't remember exactly where, it's close by, probably next to the Blast-o-Rific-fic-fic-fic." Biff-Like's food-splotched pants and tattered shirt kept vibrating.
"Good, relatively speaking." Though trepidation made each step lethargic, Legion approached Glinseng, Biff-Like, and Magnesimus. "Guys, I need you to get down to that basement. If my guess is on target, about four hundred day-of-reckoning fans know about that world detonator and where it is. With all those electrical-based bombs down there, that world detonator is now a galaxy detonator."
He watched Glinseng's and Magnesimus's expressions stiffen with terror. Biff-Like's mouth grew wide with..."Wipe that stupid smirk off your face," Legion said.
"Good luck." Legion reached out, almost tapped two fingers against Glinseng's...but he couldn't bring himself to resurrect that old gesture from his past.
The three headed toward the rooftop access. Before they left, Legion snapped his fingers. "Oh, wait." They stopped. Legion plucked the Bad Guy gabber from his antenna and underhanded it to Glinseng. Glinseng caught it and gave Legion an inquisitive look. Legion said, "In case I steal Lowensland's and need to reach you."
Glinseng nodded and set the gabber in his ear.
They rushed through the rooftop access. Their footsteps faded into murmurs against the stairs inside. Legion checked left and right for a hiding spot that didn't produce unbearable heat under this electric, green-bleached sky. Lowensland would soon arrive. And probably riding that new Pegasus he'd been raving about.
* * *
Number A watched Asinine's second-in-oafitude produce a pistol from his holster. A pistol. Ha. The dimwit waved it around like a laser pointer, drawing oh-so-impolite lines across everyone's foreheads. This flagrant use of an unreliable weapon was deplorable. The silent Virillian whose media name escaped Number A right now but started with a b and ended with a d—Brake-Rotor Wrench-Eared or something like that—armed himself as well, but he instead pointed his pistol in the other direction. The smarter of the two.
Master Asinine gave Number A a sinister look that Number A wanted to blot out with a fist. Blot out and then blot out again.
Asinine exited into the staircase that led to the roof. Number A turned to the two remaining Bad Guys. Though no sound came forth, disdain emanated not only from him but from the other Numbers. Their collective mood soured. Without Number A needing to issue a command, his followers acted as he acted. They closed the space between them and the Bad Guys, slowly but intently.
"Uhm...uh...what are you doing?" Lieutenant IQ 23's eyes darted around the crowd that converged on him and Brake-Rotor. Brake-Rotor kept his composure, aiming at various targets confidently.
"S-stay back-k," Lieutenant IQ 23 said. His aim was scattered, directed at no specific target. "I'll sh-shoot you all if-fffff-f—"
"Sorry," Number A said. "I don't speak Idiotese."
"—fff-ffffff-ffffff—" Lieutenant IQ 23 seemed to deflate through his mouth. He couldn't manage another syllable. His lips were stuck on f. His tongue was stuck in neutral. His boot was stuck on some gum an uncouth had dropped on the carpet.
"You can't shoot us all," Number A said upon reaching IQ 23. "You can pop a couple of us off, but you're ours. Can you not see how ineffective your precious guns are? When will you ever learn? Guns aren't the answer. Bombs are." He whacked IQ 23's helmet off and grabbed the Bad Guy's hair. He yanked down. Now he loomed over the lackey, their eyes mere inches apart.
Lieutenant IQ 23's gun gradually lowered. He stopped trying to finish his f.
"Mommy."
* * *
Footsteps rumbled down the staircase toward Asinine. Where they headed, he didn't know. To avoid meeting their owners, he stepped behind a door on the fourth-floor landing. He hid and listened for the footsteps.
They rocketed past, one set of footsteps tripping over a doll's armored-transport play set in all its pink, gaudy glory. Asinine stepped back out and resumed his climb.
His gabber reported an incoming message. Mechanism. He accepted the connection, but before he could howdy-ho, Mechanism cut in. "Master Asinine, I think it is important we make a hasty retreat now. We would gain nothing further by staying."
"Gain nothing further? You obviously don't have a bunch of cloaks to kill and a Legion to clone."
"But Master Asinine—"
"Look, sit tight. Get drunk on something. I'll see you when I'm finished killing and cloning." He tapped his gabber.
Wow, the trek to the roof was a moldy, endless spiral into the ceiling. And no airfoil? Whoever cooked up the idea of declaring these stairs a historic thingamabob deserved to be ground into a protein shake.
* * *
Number A stepped into the stairwell and looked down into the dark basement.
Stomps from above rumbled toward him like a thundermammal stampede. He watched a teal arm bound down the railing only two floors above. Following the teal arm came a green one decorated with Trioxidillian war honors along its sleeve. Behind that arm followed another teal-toned one, which twitched wildly. Glinseng, Magnesimus, and Forsage.
Number A smiled at the Numbers, who filtered into the stairwell behind him. "Followers, I'm heading into the basement to secure the Blast-o-Matic." He checked the stampede again. "Capture these interlopers and take them down with the other two."
* * *
Legion finished dragging Scapegoat's unconscious body next to Plaster's behind the broadcast console. The heat cooked Legion, but maybe it would burn Plaster. Make that viscous blob sweat. It wouldn't surprise Legion if Plaster's gelatinous flesh melted off his bones. Given the circumstances, Legion's heart would sing if he returned to a cleaned skeleton wrapped in loose laser rope. Maybe the crows would lick Plaster clean.
Legion stepped away from Plaster. He wasn't sure what to do. He had no plan. He held no weapons. His fighting ability matched but didn't exceed Lowensland's. And he had no backup. Odds were, if Legion wanted to win, this fight would be a thinking match. A mathematical, skill-testing question could end things quickly.
Then again, maybe not. Lowensland may have learned single-digit multiplication.
Aside from constructing barricades with the roof's pebbles to hide behind, Legion could think of nothing more to do. If Lowensland distracted himself with building pebble castles out of those barricades (as he had on occasion), it would be a sensible investment of time, but the moment drew nigh. A tic-tac-toe game often distracted Lowensland. If only Legion had a moolah for every time Lowensland tried to convince him he was neither X nor O but the grid.
Legion had turned away from the rooftop access for only a few seconds, maybe a minute. But that gave enough time for a clicking object to sneak up on him. And that object was no doubt whatever funny-farm weapon Lowensland held right now. Here came the villainous catchphrase.
"Freeze, or my new best friend gets a taste of your cranial muffin," Lowensland said. "And my new best friend's just come off a hunger strike."
That one was bad.
Legion noticed Lowensland's shadow had one limb that swung helplessly at his side. "What's with your arm?"
"Uh...Let's just say I dislocated my shoulder because of really cool stuff doing really uncool stuff."
That didn't look like a dislocation. Whatever. Legion didn't have time for this. "Lowensland, we need to get to the basement. Do you realize what the Blast-o-Matic is capable of with all the electrical bombs down there compounding its range? No one knows what will happen. Black hole, void, whatever. It might rip the galaxy into pieces. But what ought to concern you is that none of us will survive. And, if you understand their intentions correctly—albeit a slim chance—those goons in the cloaks are going to the basement right now to find the Blast-o-Matic."
A piercing laugh ripped from Lowensland's mouth and staggered nonmelodically down the musical scale. "You think I'm going to fall for that one? That's as stupid as your plan to impart life upon your dinnerware."
"That was your plan. Listen. We need to get to the basement and stop those cloaks."
"You must take me for a fool," Asinine said, to which Legion nodded in agreement. "Well, no more." He forced the barrel of his gun into Legion's chin and squashed him against the skylight. "And what is that shampoo you used this morning? It smells like peaches."
Oh, man. Tolerating this wouldn't be easy. "I don't use shampoo. I'm Trioxidillian. We're hairless." Legion hadn't thought Asinine could get any stupider after he'd heard that the buffoon labeled his shirt collars with "head goes here," but this exchange just proved he could.
"Well, you still smell nice. Fruit-scented scalp moisturizer?"
Legion shot a maddened glance—then ducked, sparked a hand up, snapped into Lowensland's wrist. Hand met bone—Legion pinched the wrist—pulled and drew away—entwined Lowensland's dullened arm back—jerked up in a strain that could tear muscle from tendon.
Legion slammed a boot into Lowensland's back, released his grip on the wrist. Lowensland tumbled over. Legion grabbed the pistol, slammed a forearm across the back of Lowensland's neck, pressed him against the skylight, pinned down his cheek, gave him as little view as possible.
The world silenced. Only Legion, Lowensland, and the skylight existed. Legion's hearing erased all but his panting. His vision erased all but Lowensland.
Lowensland wiggled his face sideways to speak. "That stings. Gentle on the face. I just trimmed my eyebrows."
"You traitorous bag of sewage." Legion smeared Lowensland's face around the skylight's aluminum paneling. "You killed Sopher. He was our friend, you bucket of swine parts!"
"Wait, am I a traitorous bag of sewage or a bucket of swine parts? And how can a bag of sewage be traitorous?"
"I've heard the gunshot that killed Sopher every—single—day since you murdered him. After all these years, I want the answer from you. Why? Why did you kill him? Why did you turn against us?"
Lowensland choked out a breath. "I've told you before. I was sick of the ridicule. I was sick of the laughing, the name-calling, the beatings. Actually, the beatings weren't bad since I couldn't remember much afterward. If you're looking for a deeper reason, there isn't one. You know the whole story. I'd had enough. Instead of being on the bottom, I decided to be on the top. I wanted dignity, not undignity."
"Undignity?"
"Well, whatever the opposite of dignity is. Sopher just showed up at the wrong time."
"You killed Sopher to regain dignity you never had? You left me alone with that guilt?" Legion slammed his gun against the back of Lowensland's neck and then stabbed its barrel up against the murderer's temple. Now was his chance to avenge Sopher, to ease the pangs of failure, to stop that haunting gunshot from ringing through his head. He held the gun firmly, tightened his finger around the trigger...and stopped.
Those old words of Patton's echoed through his mind again: "Control your anger or it will endanger everyone."
"Who cares?" he said to the imaginary Patton. "I should kill him, pull the trigger. I have him right where I want him."
"No, forget your anger," Imaginary Patton said. "How far are you willing to go to have your revenge? As much as you despise him, you need his help to stop those cultists."
Tears of inner conflict washed out. He clamped his eyes shut, banged his pistol against the skylight. Patton was right: Legion's anger was endangering everyone. To stop the cultists, Legion needed self-control. He needed Lowensland.
Sopher's fatal gunshot blasted through his thoughts again. "I'm sorry, Sopher."
The world flooded back into his vision. He whipped his gun across the back of Lowensland's head. Lowensland crumbled against the skylight. He struggled in surges.
Grunts spaced Legion's words: "You turned against us. You killed Sopher. Whenever I close my eyes, I hear that gunshot you fired into his head. Always remember that. Murdering you right here, right now, would complete me. But closure will have to wait. It pains me to say this...but I need your help. Let's get your options straight. There's my way, or"—Legion forced Lowensland's chin to the right to show him the roof's edge—"that way.
"We don't have time for our petty squabble. We don't have time for your less-than-witty repartee. There are four hundred cloaked end-of-days revelers in the same building as a galaxy-obliterating bomb. They may not know how to use it, but they know where it is. If they get it working, even working badly, everything we know ends."
"My feng shui garden?"
And, meanwhile, coming in from left field...
Whatever. "Yes, your feng shui garden. Every last feng in that shui will explode by the time Cosmonaut Chimp broadcasts."
If Lowensland could weigh the pros and cons on the scale of his brain, Legion would applaud him for distinguishing between the two. He finally said, "Not good enough. I'll just grow my fengs back."
Legion had no time to explain the consequences of not helping. He had time only to bribe. "If you help me, I'll give you free tickets to Theme Park Planet."
"Theme Park Planet? All the rides, all the shows? I even get to visit the Petulant Log Flume?" He sounded skeptical.
"It's not called the Petu—" Forget it. "Yeah, even the Petulant Log Flume."
Lowensland's face brightened. "In that case, I think it's a good idea to stop those maniacs." Smart thinking. Both of Lowensland's brain cells had probably bickered over which got to process that brilliant notion.
Legion said, "So our feud is suspended. It can pick up tomorrow. It can pick up this evening if you want. But, right now, it's suspended. There's a security booth on the ground floor. If those cloaks have moved to the basement, we can get through the auditorium and grab some pistols in the security area. Then we get into that basement and undo what you let those cloaks do. Got it?" Though Lowensland said nothing, his struggles had abated. Legion gave him a bit of slack...and then slammed his body against the skylight, releasing a metal reverberation. "Got it?"
"Fine." Lowensland spat blood. Legion still sensed the fire and resolution in his body. "Our war is on lunch break."
"Much like your brain."
"Yes."
Legion grabbed Lowensland's pistol and looked it over. A power dial. He could use that, overcharge the pistol.
Swiftly, his aim renewed and snapped up at Lowensland. "And stop obsessing over pop music or I'll shoot out your eyes."
"Never! Teen heartthrobs speak to my soul!"
Chapter Eleven: Creeping Meatballism Strikes Again!
Ace Spandex tried calming down. It wasn't working.
He was kneeling on the chilly floor, his hands gripping tensely, his thumbs digging in. His composure was slipping. He fought to keep it but was losing.
In a constricted voice, Power Plant asked, "Any chance you gonna finished ups stranglin' me soon?" He struggled to get out from underneath Ace Spandex.
"Not...until...you...turn...blue." Teeth clenched, Ace Spandex tightened his hands around Power Plant's neck.
Chapter Twelve: The Armageddon Checklist...Double-Checked
Number A forgot to pack extra underwear. He had always remembered before. He tried not to show his aggravation but, boy, that burned him up. He was about to hurl headfirst into the afterlife without a clean pair of tighty-whities. Did his mother's advice mean nothing?
His lack of a toothbrush didn't bother him as much.
Master Asinine had said the Blast-o-Matic hid in the basement, and, lo and behold, here it was. Now Number A and the others stood in the grimy one-room basement, their goal at hand. Actually, in the way: Number A must have jabbed his knee into the infernal Blast-o-Matic a dozen times since finding it among the other bombs that sat strewn around haphazardly. The Numbers had cleared the cluttered weapons from the area and his best technologists, Number HW and Number CO, now worked on activating the galaxy-nuking device. They were so far from finishing that they hadn't even booted it up yet.
In brown light, the basement was noticeably less muggy than Number CA's farmhouse. Number A smelled fewer sweaty underarms, so he took the chance to inhale deeply. Especially since Number BB and his egg farts stood clear across the room.
In the center of the basement sat the knee-high Blast-o-Matic, a gumball-sized bomb wrapped in a 150-pound, anvil-sized conversation piece with more attitude and blinking lights than a hungry pit bull in a casino. Lord Alpha had informed Number A that he'd removed a side panel to gain access to a tiny apparatus inside. He'd then amputated the apparatus, some failsafe device. Number A had wondered why his enigmatic leader hadn't detonated the Blast-o-Matic upon removing the apparatus, but he didn't question the decision. Lord Alpha acted however Lord Alpha felt was necessary.
Number A stood on a plastiwood box against the back of the basement. Number B stood beside the box to guard, Number C flanking on the other side. Number A liked having alphabetical order where he could.
Sunlight infiltrated the basement through daddy-longlegged cracks in two windows in the paint-peeled walls. Despite this Farsdale-tainted sunlight glaring into his eyes, Number A inspected the room.
His two technologists worked through the Blast-o-Matic's controls. They consulted an instruction manual someone must have translated from English into Virillian, then back into English, then into Trioxidillian, binary, patois, Ulfarian, instruction manualese, and then something altogether made up. What in inferno's name was a technobabble gadget piece? And how could its tab A fit into its slot B?
A grunt from the technologists drew Number A's attention away from the manual. Number HW kicked the side of the Blast-o-Matic and slammed his fingers on the l-keyboard that sat underneath its digital display. Number CO slapped his forehead with a palm. "Number A, this stupid thing is password protected."
Number A kept his stalwart stance. "As I had expected." No he hadn't, but he faked it well. "Keep trying. Maybe if you guess incorrectly enough times, the Blast-o-Matic will explode to keep out hackers."
"We can only hope." Number HW turned back to the machine, shuffling his feet against the dirt-powdered floor.
The Numbers huddled around the machine and the two technologists. They breathed as one, spoke as one, and, when the mood struck, coughed as one.
They also guarded as one. Their five captives—Glinseng, Magnesimus, Forsage, and those two Bad Guys—hung shackled by their hands and feet from a wall where, for some reason Number A hadn't yet figured out, there were shackles.
Number A didn't know why Legion had sent his fellow panelists and the emcee down or why he himself hadn't accompanied them. The panelists and emcee had accomplished nothing against Number A's hordes of apocalypse foreseers. Distraction stactics, maybe? Or perhaps Legion had finally waded into the deep end of the mental pool and drowned.
Swimming metaphors were so chic.
Number A noticed Number HW had stuffed his nose into a dictionary datasheet. He dictated something to Number CO, and the latter's index fingers pecked what looked like random letters into the Blast-o-Matic's keyboard.
"How goes the password hunt?" Number A asked.
Number HW looked up. "We're going through possibilities alphabetically. We've reached aardvark. Not much hope yet."
"Keep on trucking." The situation needed more finger-pointing and command-level grandstanding. "Number G, grab some more Farsdale fields from the starship so we can protect our position. Number AC and Number DW, I need you two at the top of the stairs in case anything happens: power failure in the field surrounding the hostages upstairs, someone finding a different way into this basement, the Gaian Manhandlers winning a Galactic Pennant, whatever. Numbers F and AK, by the foot of these stairs, and N, BM, and HJ, by the freight airfoil. Number HB, record all this on videochip. Number FN, lean against that wall, but keep your leather cloak smooth and cool."
"Heyyyy," Number FN said and gave a double thumbs-up. He elbowed the jukebox beside him, which somehow turned on despite having no power.
"The rest of you, act naturally." Yeah, that sounded as if he knew what he was doing. He loved grandstanding.
"Oh, and Number CD, grab me a soda from the picnic basket. Diet." He pinched his waistline underneath his cloak. He couldn't help smiling. Succeeding on his weight loss.
He waved at Number HB's videochip camera, his charges rushing to their assigned duties. Yes, ground zero was a happening place.
At the top of the narrow staircase against the adjacent wall, something thudded. Number A perked his ear and angled his temple toward where the thuds had originated. Something was up. And not up in flames like how it was supposed to be up.
Number A hopped off the box and drew his right hand out. He snapped his metal fingers together. The hand hummed to activation. His Numbers parted to allow him to weave through. He steered clear of the Blast-o-Matic and made his way toward the foot of the stairs.
He pushed past Number F and Number AK to peer up to the main floor. Nothing unusual. A rectangle of light shone at the top but no silhouettes blocked it. "Number AC? Number DW? You two okay?"
No response. Seconds passed with the ticking of a clock to match Number A's rising heart rate. He looked back at the industrious technologists who worked on the Blast-o-Matic. If trouble arrived, he'd have to destroy that trouble with a huge pulse of apocalyptic doom. He looked back up the staircase. It still ended with an unblocked rectangle of light. Nothing more.
He called to his guards again. They ought to at least look down at him. His celebratory mood felt poisoned. Until Armageddon happened, anything could still end wrong. Lord Alpha would not be pleased. Number A didn't think this was a funfest either.
"All right, come on, guys. As far as practical jokes go, I preferred the toothpaste on my face while I slept." Still no response. He climbed two dusty steps—
Then he stumbled back and fell onto the basement floor, kicking up dust. His charges jerked away to give him room. He recovered and jumped to his feet.
No. Not them.
Legion and then Asinine descended the steps with their backs pressed against each other. All attention was focused on them. They stepped calmly, assuredly. Looked angry. Held Numbers AC and DW as hostages of their own, Lowensland doing well despite his anesthetized arm. Was hostage-taking the new rage nowadays?
"Stay away from that machine, you alphanumeric misnomers!" Legion pointed with the pistol.
Number A chuckled. "Why would we stay away when our mission verges on success?"
Legion held his pistol high and aimed at the ceiling. "I have an overcharged pistol here. If I pull this trigger, we all explode. But only this basement. Your plan to destroy the galaxy will fail."
Number A shuddered. No! He scrambled aside to give them unobstructed entry. He had to find a way to spin this situation in his favor. He returned to the top of his box.
* * *
With the threat of puke churning hotly in his throat, Legion had forced himself to abut back-to-back with Lowensland. He felt violated, infected. But the ends justified the means. That was what he told his gag reflex. His gag reflex barely agreed.
Locating the Blast-o-Matic hadn't taken long. Legion hadn't known what it looked like, but the console in the basement's dusty center gave his sixth sense a suspicious tingle, especially with those two clowns huddling over an l-keyboard.
"Hey, Legion, do you think that thing is the Blast-o-Matic?" Lowensland jerked his chin at something.
Why was Lowensland such an imbecile? "No, the Blast-o-Matic isn't a Slippery When Wet notice. It's that thing." Legion pointed at the console.
Lowensland peered over their huddled shoulders. "Oh. A little obvious for a civilization-destroying electrical bomb, don't you think?"
"They tend to be. Okay, let's move toward it, rotating clockwise."
"Wait, wait. Which—"
"Clockwise is toward the side with the ear you stuffed the baby carrot into during the Havlic riots."
He and Lowensland shuffled from the staircase, scraping their feet on the filthy ground. Their two captives struggled within their grasp. Lowensland was having a hard time what with one numb arm, but he managed. The cloaks huddling over the Blast-o-Matic looked up, the bomb no longer a concern.
Legion and Lowensland shoved their hostages aside. Legion drew a second weapon out—he had retrieved his Marsek from the security room upstairs—and all three weapons now surveyed the hushed crowd in independent lines of fire.
Lowensland spotted Number A across the room. "You—I'm going to—You copycat, I'll...Today you die!" He stomped toward Number A.
"Lowensland, stick with the plan or we're no good against them," Legion said.
Lowensland stopped. He twitched, two different cravings—to stick with the plan and to beat Number A senseless—pulling him in opposite directions. "Fine." He returned to Legion's back and the two pressed against each other again. Lowensland pointed across the basement at Number A with his pistol. "I'll get to you in a moment."
They weaved through the crowd toward the Blast-o-Matic. Each shambling step was a rotation so they could monitor all 360 degrees. Their pistols drew lines of red aiming lights over several foreheads, threatening a bloody mess with every skull they crossed. Their stern looks pushed people back more than their pistols.
Lowensland looked over his shoulder to Legion. "Remember not to fire the overcharged pistol. I don't want to—"
"I know. Neither do I." Legion remained focused on the crowd.
Lowensland boomed at Number A whenever his and Legion's rotation allowed them eye contact. "I'm going to come...and kick your scrawny...cloaked little buttock...no, both buttocks...into ground beef...right where you—Hey, Legion, I'm getting dizzy."
"Great rotating, sir," someone said. Legion peered over his shoulder at where that voice had come from and noticed Lieutenant IQ 23, the only one of the five hostages who had regained consciousness. The wormy lieutenant tried waving a shackled hand, but the hand flopped in a pinned gesture, rattling a heavy chain. "We did our best to keep these cloaks under control, but they overwhelmed us. Braindead put up a fight, though, and I bled on as many of them as I could. My spraying distance isn't what it used to be."
"That's okay, Lieutenant, but did you lose your helmet again? You're grounded for two weeks. And no water for a lifetime. And, before I unshackle you, I have to take some pictures of you up there. This is definitely going into the Bad Guy yearbook."
Legion faced Number A. His grip tightened around the Marsek's handle. "We've come for the bomb and your hostages."
"And your self-respect," Lowensland said. Legion elbowed him in the ribs.
Number A folded his arms. "The hostages and the bomb aren't up for discussion. The self-respect we can negotiate."
The crowd of cloaks split like a broken zipper around Legion and Lowensland, who weaved around scattered bombs to reach the Blast-o-Matic. Boot prints scuffed the Blast-o-Matic's side. The cloaks that hovered over it stepped away and joined the crowd.
Legion cleared his throat. "Lowensland, watch everyone. I'll figure this bomb out."
"No. Figuring stuff out is still too new to me. I'll watch everyone and you figure the bomb out."
Just play along. "Good thinking."
Legion leaned closer to the Blast-o-Matic's display. The cloaks hadn't activated anything on it yet. Good. Legion was afraid of a repeat of the Alaphus United recharge station. Two detonated bombs in as many years was overkill, especially since this bomb was all about overkill. Over and over and over.
Legion zoned back in.
"—but the mystical alphabet soup wasn't answering my questions—"
"Lowensland, no hobnobbing with the enemy." Legion elbowed Lowensland in the ribs, aiming for the place he'd previously elbowed so a charley horse would develop on his enemy and brighten his day.
He waved his Marsek at the Blast-o-Matic. "How do I shut this thing off for good? You must know how to work the Blast-o-Matic, or you wouldn't try to use it. Lowensland, the instructions aren't printed on it. Just keep watching the crowd."
Lowensland hunched over the Blast-o-Matic. "Au contraire. There's an instruction right here. Looks as if someone finished part of the job for us: this side is up."
"We can't let you turn it off," Number A said as casually as if conducting a survey. Legion wanted to plug a light-bullet in that self-destructive meathead's brain.
Number A stepped toward them, his gait as casual as his speech, as if this were business as usual for him. Maybe it was. Legion didn't like his business.
Number A approached, so Legion backed away from the Blast-o-Matic and almost tripped over a small detonator. He'd have more room if fewer cloaks crowded him.
Number A kept marching. Legion held up his pistol. "Don't—" Whoops. He switched from his Marsek to the overcharged pistol. "Don't move or we all explode." His voice sounded calm, but behind it roared a furnace that stewed his hot blood.
Number A still approached, his pace not slowing. "You're bluffing."
Legion aimed his Marsek down and left. Fired. A light-bullet struck one of the cloaked figures in the thigh. Its report punched the air. The figure buckled with a tearing scream and clutched at the wound.
Legion pointed his gun back at Number A. "Stop moving."
Number A didn't even slow down. "And let you threaten my plan? Are you stupid?"
"No, that's me. He's the frustrated one." Lowensland gestured with his pistol.
Legion stressed his aim. "Stop. Moving. Now."
Number A still didn't listen.
The next shot appeared on the leg of the figure next to the one who squirmed like a worm on a hook, adding another stabbing report to the one that had yet to die. The figure crumpled to the floor. The two banged heads with absolutely no coordination, which looked funnier than Power Plant trying to spell the letter m.
Number A snatched at Legion's overcharged pistol. Legion yanked it back, accidentally knocking Lowensland into the crowd.
Number A gave Legion a metallic right hook and snatched at the pistol again. Their hands wedged it inside a grappling palm sandwich. Number A boasted the fighting skills of a toddler, but his cloak weighed heavily on Legion.
Legion shoved against Number A. Managed to separate the two. Stumbled. Both the overcharged pistol and the Marsek clattered out of arm's reach. A few Numbers lunged for them, but Lowensland aimed at the crowd. "Ah ah ah. Don't think so."
Number A grasped inside his cloak, grabbed a marble. Threw it down—it shattered. He and Legion...trapped inside a Farsdale field. Eight feet wide, the field dug into the floor and discharged crackling static around them and a mess of boxes. The Marsek and the overcharged pistol lay inside the field.
Unbelievable! Legion smacked Number A across the hood. "You one-trick pony. I've had enough of these stupid things! Lowensland, keep those cloaks away from the Blast-o-Matic."
The cloaks quickly spread around the field to witness the action inside. Only tiny gaps spaced them, one that revealed a sliver of the Blast-o-Matic and one that revealed Lowensland with his hand and pistol cupping his mouth and nose as if smelling his own cereal breath. It was bad today.
Number A lunged—Legion leaped away. Number A's claws caught Legion's military jacket, tore lines across it. Missed Legion's chest. Number A pivoted, slashed. The claws curled inward. Their backs rubbed against Legion's stomach, at the tear. Legion gunned a punch across Number A's face.
Number A fell but bounced back up. He glanced at the Numbers positioned at the Blast-o-Matic. "Guys, how goes the password hacking?"
"Pretty good. We're in the ac section."
Legion checked the Blast-o-Matic through the crowd. He managed to catch a glimpse of the two cloaked figures who hunched over it pressing buttons with the haste of a restless chicken pecking at feed. "Lowensland, keep them away from that thing!"
"You mind if I rest my feet for—"
"Yes, I mind. Rest them after we're not dead." Legion dodged a swipe from Number A's clawed hand and kneed Number A's chin. How could Number A keep getting up? Maybe bubble packing lined the cloak. That would explain how he entertained himself while he stood around planning everybody's deaths.
Wait a second. "Kamikaze, is that you under there?"
Number A stopped for a moment. "Huh?" Nope. Nice try.
The cloaks still worked on the Blast-o-Matic, and now a whir rose from the console. Were they making headway?
"Lowensland, the Blast-o-Matic!" Legion slammed a forearm into Number A's throat. Number A sputtered, but he recovered and pounced. Legion slashed an elbow to the back of his cloaked hood, which sent him crashing to the ground.
Legion retrieved his Marsek and aimed at Number A. Number A didn't budge. He remained sprawled across the floor. His breathing slowed to a steady pace. No labored huffing, no asthmatic rasping. Only an immobile cloak.
Legion tapped Number A's hip with his foot. Nothing. Another tap...and a nudge. "Excuse me, apocalyptic, preposterously insane maniac?" He nudged again. He didn't think he'd killed Number A, but had he inflicted some debilitating damage?
No. Impossible. Legion slipped his Marsek into its holster, dropped to his knees, and pulled Number A over—
Number A leaped up, slashed Legion's right leg with four claws. Legion spilled into some boxes that crackled against the field. Another lunge raked lines across his chest.
Legion's leg crumpled, its muscles numbed. He flopped aside, his back against the Farsdale field. It snapped at him, shocked him. He fell away from the field with lungs constricted as if he were breathing through a straw. His chest muscles tightened. He tried to grab his Marsek, but his fingers couldn't unclip it from the holster pinned under his leg.
"Stay." Number A scratched rough lines across Legion's left leg. Legion felt the appendage numb with the same sensation that had enveloped the right.
"Lowensland, is this why your arm isn't working? You told me you just dislocated something." Legion found even speech exhausting, his abdomen heaving for air.
"And I meant it."
"But you lied."
"I still meant it!"
"What are those gloves?" Legion felt woozy, found breathing laborious.
"Pain hands, set on Apocalyptic Stun. They inject a debilitating toxin through the claws. You are now apocalyptically stunned." Number A released a hoarse laugh.
"What? I've never heard"—he worked hard to inhale—"of anything stupider than...apocalyptically stunned. Sounds...like something Lowensland would...come up with."
"Does not," Lowensland said. He was busy beating Numbers back by flinging around his deadened arm. "I'd come up with apocalyptically apocalypted."
Number A yanked Legion up by the collar, almost to his feet. He dragged him around the field to display him proudly to the surrounding Numbers, no doubt a smile on his face that faded upon him slapping a hand over his lip. "Ow. Canker." And slapping it would help?
Number A uncovered his mouth and addressed the crowd. "I hold here the leader of the Good Guys. Legion is mine." He faced Legion. "I have triumphed. Who owns you? Me."
Legion grabbed Number A's hands to pull himself up and breathe. His proximity to the Farsdale field made everything reek of burned ozone. He let go to feebly punch at Number A. The toxin hindered his leverage, so no punch connected, his body too weak and depleted of oxygen. "Drop me...Number A."
"Not likely. I'm enjoying the moment."
Lowensland thrust his pistol at Number A. He aimed his hostility through the barrel of his gun, though the light-bullet wouldn't penetrate the Farsdale field. "You drop him. He owes me tickets to the wackiest place in Renovodomus." He used an angry tone that came only when free admittance to a Ferris wheel was endangered.
"Drop me...or..." Or what? How could Legion stop this? How could he threaten Number A with no leverage and no weapon? But he had an idea. "Drop me...or Lowensland shoots...the Blast-o-Matic."
"Who?" Lowensland pointed a look of incredible idiocy at Legion. Then a thought touched his brain cell. A great struggle. "Oh, me." He rushed across the room, arm-slinging cloaks out of his way like a swamp monster tearing through bayou grass. "Yeah. You let him go or I dust the Blast-o-Matic. Don't mess with me. I'm an unlockable character in Face Brawler." With an emphatic arm sweep, he positioned the gun against the Blast-o-Matic's digital console. He started etching words along its surface with his pistol. "Low...en...sland...was...here..."
"Drop me now...or he etches...nursery rhymes all over...that thing." Legion's ears perked to Lowensland's monotone speech. A burst of energy let him spit, "Lowensland, it does not go 'Mary had a little reverb-knockout, rapid-fire machine laser.'"
Legion looked at Number A. "That's right, Number A. Your precious...megaton bomb...dysfunctional because of a simple blast to...the computer system. We've destroyed your plan, stopped it, finished it...aborted it, terminated it, destroyed it...uhm, defeated it...stamped it out...canceled it...errr...concluded—Lowensland, will you...shoot it already? I'm running out of synonyms."
"Apocalypted it?" Lowensland offered. "No, wait. That word's become a cliché around here."
Number A dropped Legion. Legion's tailbone struck the concrete floor and the back of his head followed. He tried sitting up but found that simple action too difficult.
"Not the Blast-o-Matic." Number A settled his hands on the Farsdale field, but it nipped at him. "Leave it alone. It didn't hurt anyone."
Legion felt too weak to crawl forward. "Order your subordinates...to leave."
"That is not part of our stactics!"
"Order th—Wait, what's a stactic?"
"Shut up!"
Legion pivoted around to face Number A. "Order them...to leave."
"Numbers, go wait in the car. Number BB, you had chili for lunch, so you wait beside it."
Groans of disappointment accompanied the Numbers' sad trudge across the basement. Their shallow steps against the dusty floor scuffled slowly up the staircase. One of the Numbers muttered, "Never have no fun." A hefty Number hauled both of his leg-shot associates over his shoulders.
Now only Legion, Lowensland, Number A, and the five prisoners remained in the dark basement. Legion turned back to Number A. "Drop this field."
"No." Number A didn't look away, though his head lowered.
"Lowensland...put the fear...of Alaphus in him."
Lowensland thumbed the cocking button, but his pistol made no sound. He pressed it again. Double-pressed it. "Crock. No fear of Alaphus today. I think I drained the batteries. Never use one of these. Their voracious appetite for energy knows no bounds. We'll have to settle for the fear of an insatiable battery lust. I'll just shoot the Blast-o-Matic."
"No, you can't." Number A pounded his fists on the Farsdale field, ignoring its electric bite. "Please. I'll drop the field." He reached into his cloak and produced a thin, metal needle. The field key, specifically tuned to the Farsdale field's frequency.
Electricity arced from the Farsdale field like probing tentacles from an angry octopus, as if the field were trying to ward the key away. Number A touched the key to the field and both dissolved. Static released Legion's clothes. A buzz silenced. Cheap Farsdale fields in small quarters abraded his skin. They always crackled at everything.
"Good." Legion tried to twitch his legs. No use. The toxin still numbed his body cold. "Lowensland, destroy...the bomb, anyway."
Number A trembled. "No, you can't! We had a deal!"
"Lowensland, destroy it!"
Number A opened his hand, bending his wrist back as much as possible. From the wrist sprouted a small blade. Number A clomped forward and thrust the wrist blade at Lowensland's face. Lowensland retreated a step and whipped his gun up. Both stood at arm's length from each other, each weapon pressed against the other's cheek.
Number A swiped the air with his glove's blade. "Step away from the Blast-o-Matic!"
"Don't you cram that thing at me." Lowensland kicked aside a box. "I do the cramming around—"
"Step away! This is how it's got to be!" Number A's blade arm twitched tensely. The other pain hand came up. Number A pointed it at Legion, a tiny piece of the glove's wrist opening like an iris aperture to make way for another blade. Now two blades pointed from Number A's hands in a dangerous V.
His gaze ricocheted between Legion and Lowensland. "Nobody's going to take this away from us. You military brutes, always fighting, always destroying. No more. Today, we all die. Or..." His glance froze on Lowensland. "Or I stab the pain hands." The pain hands came together so that both blades pointed at each other. "If you don't drop that pistol, I'll destroy my own fake hands."
Lowensland's knees buckled. "And use your nose to punch in the detonator codes. You cad!"
"Drop it."
"I'd suggest against that, sir," Lieutenant IQ 23 said. "I think it would be unpleasant to be identified through dental records. You still have that chipped molar."
"Shut up!" Number A's hood darted around at Lowensland, IQ 23, Legion, Lowensland, Legion, Lowensland, IQ 23, Legion, Lowensland—
A cold deadness that wasn't the toxin filled Legion's body. Horror slipped through his bloodstream. Was Lowensland considering the threat? This was the last item to cross off Legion's list of proofs that Lowensland was a certifiable bonehead. "Don't drop the gun. Shoot the...Blast-o-Matic. Don't trade everyone's...survival for some dinky little...toy."
Lowensland was focused with curious eyes. "A pair of dinky little toys." Was he considering this? He was seriously unbalanced. And stupid. An even mix. Legion remembered when Lowensland used to serve in the military shell-shock ward. Whenever a soldier left the ward, he'd call out, "Thank you. Come again."
Yes, that stupid.
Lowensland tossed the pistol away. It clattered off a box and skidded to Legion's chin. Lowensland actually dropped it? But what else could Legion expect from the one crackpot who ended birthday cards with "This entitles the bearer to one free card, which you're reading"?
Legion grabbed Lowensland's pistol and, using both arms, aimed at the Blast-o-Matic. He squashed the trigger. The light-bullet clipped off the Blast-o-Matic's casing. The next one glanced off its display. The third punctured its chassis.
At first, nothing happened. The machine sputtered but did little else.
Then smoke hissed out of the Blast-o-Matic. It sparked. Sparked again. Its whirring subsided, which gave rise to a gradual scream, as if spinning plates from within it gnashed together. Legion braced himself for an epic explosion. He dropped the pistol and tried to fling his arms in front of his face, but he couldn't, too drained from firing.
Nothing exploded. The Blast-o-Matic exhaled a black, pungent cloud. A quick flash erupted from the bullet hole, but that ended the anticlimax of its demise. It died as soundlessly as Lowensland's final neuron.

"No no no no." Number A's hood stared in petrified distress. He sank slowly to his knees and set his head on the floor. "No no no no no."
Legion coughed wetly. "Your plan's...ruined. What are you...going to do...now?"
Number A unfolded into a squat and sneered at Legion. Legion sensed the deep odium clamping the cloak's brain like the teeth of a bear trap.
Number A stood back against a wall. "You still won't stop me. I have a backup bomb." As if wanting to check his watch, he whipped his hand out from his cloak and poked a few buttons on the glove's side. Finished, he looked up. Legion saw the off-white glint of a smirk from within the hood's shadow. "Yes, a backup bomb. It won't inflict as much damage, but at least it will evaporate this oppressed planet into mist as an example. And then my fellow Numbers can continue the mission unimpeded by you two."
Lowensland dived forward but tripped over a metal bracket. He snatched at the pain hand. "That thing's equipped with a bomb, too? I have to find me one of them. Lieutenant, put yourself down for one, too. You've been a good junior mastermind."
"I'd love to, sir, but I'm still shackled to the wall."
A voice rang from a fish-gill speaker on the thumb. "Detonation of seven thousand megatons in thirty seconds."
Number A kicked Lowensland away. "Yes. Gabber your families and tell them good-bye. And hurry up. Thirty seconds will last long enough for you to get in about four words."
Legion's numb lungs grew colder. "Lowensland...get him."
"Get him? No way! For once, I have front-row seats to the third-largest explosion I've ever caused."
Lieutenant IQ 23 waved to get Lowensland's attention. "Sir—"
"Okay, okay, fine. Just spare me the speech about my best intentions." Lowensland leaped forward with a hook swinging across Number A's jaw. "I'm going to whip you into next week."
"Next week isn't good for me." Number A dodged another punch. "I'll be dead."
"Twenty seconds to detonation."
Lowensland's uppercut slammed into Number A's chin. He bounced against the wall and rebounded onto the floor where Lowensland's foot slammed into his ribcage. Number A rolled out from underneath the attack, bounded to his feet, and stumbled back.
"Stay away!" His hand emerged from his cloak, a Farsdale field pinched between his forefingers. He chucked the field at the ground and energy burst around him in a charged sphere that protected him inside. The field grew big enough to contain only him.
"Fifteen seconds to detonation."
Lowensland grabbed the dropped pistol and fired two light-bullets at the field. They deflected harmlessly. He emptied the ammo, but that did no better. He flung the pistol, which only caused the field to discharge a buzz.
"Ten seconds to detonation."
"In moments, seven thousand megatons are going to rage right into your faces." Number A threw his arms out. "My stactics are too much for your feeble intelligence to foresee."
Lowensland stepped up to the field. "Don't feel so special. Lots of things are too much for my feeble intelligence to foresee."
"Five seconds to detonation."
"Five seconds until everything kersplatulates. Ha." Number A slammed his palms against the Farsdale field. The field snapped at him, and he recoiled.
"Three seconds to detonation."
"Get ready to die."
"Two seconds to detonation."
Oh, no. Legion didn't bother shielding his face. Seven thousand megatons of nuclear pressure packed into a weaponized hand was like an enraged sun waiting to go supernova.
"One second to detonation. This detonation brought to you by Kitchen Gear."
Legion shut his eyes—
Splat.
Huh? Splat? Legion blinked and looked at the Farsdale field. Nothing remained. The explosion had vaporized Number A inside the field. Legion had expected a white flash to void everyone's existence, but the Farsdale field had contained all seven thousand megatons. The explosion had detonated so quickly that the field hadn't had time to respond even with an angry backlash.
"Well, that was stragic." Lowensland approached the field and knocked on it as if knocking on a door. It snapped at him.
Though Legion's limbs remained numb from the toxin, the adrenaline dumping through him had overcharged them to manic tremors. The adrenaline now subsided. He hadn't the energy to do anything, feeling as though he'd spent centuries in cold sleep.
Lowensland retrieved his pistol. "At least that solves things. Lieutenant, let that be a valuable lesson to you. That's what you get for the crime of copycatting. And the crime of being a complete raving dork. Crime simply does not pay. Now, let's celebrate our survival by robbing a bank."
"Good idea, sir."
Lowensland passed Legion. Legion kicked his anesthetized legs to pivot around. He watched Lowensland aim the pistol at Lieutenant IQ 23's left shackle, angling his shot so IQ 23's wrist wasn't in the line of fire. One blast and the shackle disintegrated with a clap.
"Lowensland, come...back here." Though Legion attempted a scream, the toxin had numbed his lungs. Now only a harsh whisper came out. "You have...things to answer for. Lowensland?"
Next, Lowensland freed Braindead. The Virillian fell out of the shackles, but IQ 23 caught him.
"Lowensland? Listen...to me..."
Lowensland ascended the stairs, IQ 23 stumbling up behind him with Braindead in his arms. Lieutenant IQ 23 wasn't managing well.
Legion looked at Glinseng, Magnesimus, and Biff-Like shackled to the wall like the members of a YMCA dance troupe stuck on y. They remained unconscious. He rolled onto his stomach and elbow-crawled to the stairs. Lowensland had already left. "Lowensland? Sopher was your...friend, too! Remember that!" And Legion had let him pull the trigger that had killed Sopher. "Remember that!"
Legion's bowels gurgled. Something was descending his intestinal chute. Were his stomach muscles still anesthetized?
He knew he shouldn't have had that second milkshake of magnesia.
Chapter Thirteen: Short Interlude into the Preposterous Wasteland of Thought
"I feel good, Lieutenant." Aboard the titan-class Mikazin Starship, now renamed The Bad Guy Starship, Asinine reclined in the navigator's throne. Enough blinking lights chittered at him to kill an epileptic.
Schizophrenic drove. His two heads bickered: Lefty snorted, and Righty insisted they stop for a bite whenever they passed a Space Cow. Lefty simply head-butted his toothpick into Righty's ear.
Asinine had found IQ 23's helmet on the ground floor and grabbed Plaster and Scapegoat from the roof. Deactivating the field that contained the rest of the Bad Guys had taken some time, but he'd found a Farsdale field skeleton key in a security locker off to one side of the Firmatech Center's lobby. All this with only one working arm. He'd left the audience trapped. The mob looked mad enough to kill him.
He high-fived his floppy hand. Well, low-fived. Good enough. "We accomplished everything we set out to accomplish today. We made applesauce of the main auditorium and showed off my new shoes. And we trounced those cloaked idiots. A bonus. Schizophrenic, fly us to the nearest high school. I feel like beating up some nerds."
Lieutenant IQ 23 emerged from the concentration he held on the starship's diagnostic monitor. "Sir, I believe you forgot your sample of Legion's DNA. We were supposed to clone him."
Asinine's muscles twitched with shock, his lip curled. Oh, yeah. Crap.
"Schizo, just aim the starship at the high school. Full speed ahead."
Chapter Fourteen: Unwelcome Home
In Station One's flight hangar B, littered by redecorated transports and the fumes of burned laser-paint, Legion looked up at the two lines of Fireball military starships that formed the grid of their small fleet, all sitting in their parking harnesses. Bad Guy logos ornamented their wings and nose cones. Bad Guy laser-on patches now ornamented the Good Guys' impact suits. Master Asinine's ridiculous grin ornamented everything.
Legion sat in a humming hover chair, the pain hands' toxin still affecting him. Intergalactic Protection's military medic had said his body would purge the toxin through his urine over the next few hours.
Lowensland and the Bad Guys had escaped, but at least no serious harm had come to the audience members. When rescue workers had arrived, they'd freed Glinseng, the other panelists, and the audience members, who were disgruntled but no worse. The rescue workers had ignored the Farsdale field containing Number A's red dust until their decontamination equipment cleaned the area. They'd then given Legion a ride home.
Legion couldn't contain a gasp. In the lonely hangar, his gasp sounded as loud as a lion's yawn. In fact, every rustling movement was accentuated in the otherwise silence. "So how long must we keep the Bad Guy logo on these things?"
Beside Legion, Ace Spandex swallowed coarsely. He lifted the datasheet in a pale hand and read from the legal print, "'For a term no shorter than six months.'" His brown eyes had lost their heart.
Good thing the toxin hadn't already run its course, or Legion would have torn his antennae off the skin-covered ears to which they were connected. Right now, he settled for quietly sitting, but at least a dull sensation had returned to his chest. Now he breathed properly, and he felt less woozy since blood and oxygen flowed through his body unrestricted. "And what was Jeff thinking?"
Ace Spandex slouched. "He tells me he was thinking of a sandwich."
Legion had always intended for Ace to spend Hanukkah with his family whether or not he found a sponsor, but this tested that charity.
He now felt too restricted in his chair. "Please get me a shot of morphine."
Chapter Fifteen: The Plot Convolutes
Here in his shadowed lair, Lord Alpha had not thought the Numbers and their accursed alphanumeric botchery could handle their mission, even with his unparalleled guidance. And, of course, they had not. They had tried detonating the Blast-o-Matic, but they could never have discharged it: Lord Alpha, in his masterly foresight, had disconnected the bomb's power core shortly before the Numbers had even found it. The power core was necessary for his ultimate goal. The bomb's computer, with a separate source powering it, was the only thing that worked.
Lord Alpha rose from his mathematically tidy workstation. In a moment of genius, he had password-protected the Blast-o-Matic in case Number A had a bomb expert who could find an alternative power core. That failsafe may have saved the galaxy.
He had not really wanted to destroy the galaxy. What sane person would? But feed a group of begrudged simpletons a supercharged death wish and they would carry out any foolish misdeed.
He snickered quietly. How comical. He was the reason the Bad Guys had even attacked the symposium. His idea had led them to the Firmatech Center. It was a fool's errand, but Master Asinine was, after all, a fool. He had taken the bait.
Everything had gone according to plan. Of course it had. Lord Alpha had assumed identities to request Legion's presence at the peace symposium. That way, the Bad Guys would attack. That was enough to guarantee Lord Alpha's thievery would remain undetected. And the Numbers were there simply as an added distraction.
The Numbers and Master Asinine had failed through their incompetence. Lord Alpha had the Blast-o-Matic's unique power core. Number A had destroyed himself, leaving the rest of the Numbers leaderless, confused, and disposable. Easy recruits for a new army.
He removed his helmet and savored a trickle of wine. Ahh, how it tasted smooth, especially after his success.
Soon Lord Alpha would rightfully cleanse all of Renovodomus and, eventually, its galaxy of Stratus Cloud. And what easier way to accomplish his plan than from under Master Asinine's nose?
He removed the rest of his Mechanism suit.
Soon.

THE END

NEXT BOOK:
Another blithering suck-fest! Because you demanded it!
No, not you. You in the back. Yes, you.
What were you thinking?
You made it this far, and that takes dedication, my friend. Stop and grab a refreshing cup of froyo, but stay the course. Because what could be better than a heaping, helping handful of the next electrifying ordeal of
Remind Me What This Is I'm Reading?

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy
Book 5: The Genetic Equation


Patton swings by Station One for a surprise visit...on the very day women start protesting the Good Guys' lack of female inclusion. And on the very day Master Asinine comes knocking on Legion's door with his very own scheme in hand: a weapon of genetic destruction.
Can Legion and gang stop Master Asinine from turning everyone into soup? Or can they stop Power Plant from getting hungry at the mere mention of soup? Stop by and find out what insults Schizophrenic hurls at Asinine! But first grab your free first hit on the next page!

Be sure to visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com to see what's been keeping me shackled to my desk: shackles. But also a web site with cool stuff on it.

Grab book 5 at:

tiny.cc/iagffa5
Book 5, Chapter One: Crapping the Terran Genome
December 19, 9109, 6:25 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
The Produce Soldier lab. Prof. Professor approached the latent-technology double doors located at the end of the hall. The l tech doors vanished, saved in computer memory for later retrieval, and he entered the lab. He greeted his colleague Prof. Scientist with a flapping wave, a gesture with which they'd replaced their secret handshake. That old handshake served only as an excuse for Prof. Scientist to show off his Vulcan nerve pinch skills anyway.
Terrans Prof. Professor and Prof. Scientist researched genetic weapons at Intergalactic Protection's warfare laboratories on one of planet Vesta's satellite stations. Creating a weapon that genetically transformed produce into military grunts was their current project. These new fruit soldiers would both massacre enemy troops and provide a healthful alternative to high-calorie rations. However, the five-year project had so far culminated in wasted effort, squandered funds, and rotten papayas. Maybe they should switch to strawberries...or pineapples. Imagine getting punched by a pineapple fist.
Prof. Professor sighed. Their efforts had succeeded in transforming volunteers into various things, but their goal, the reverse—giving sentience to these produce platoons—eluded their efforts. History's first citrus commando would have to wait. It didn't help their research that they snacked on the raw materials. Or dipped them in chocolate fondue.
"Welcome, Prof. Professor. You have two new messages."
Prof. Professor leaped with his pulse. Oh, his stars and garters, those voice-control interfaces were abrupt. Called haunt controls, they did make objects act possessed by automating those objects wherever installed. Creepy.
Prof. Professor. What had seized hold of him to choose that absurd title? In university, he and Prof. Scientist thought legally changing their names would be hilarious. What a primordial, single-celled organism he was. He now had to endure sideways glances and that bizarre red underscoring on the second professor in his word processor. He at least wasn't the fool who'd called dibs on Prof. Mad Geneticist. His university roommate must have regretted cutting in line. Ah, and who could forget Head of the Physics Department Generalized Helmholtz Theorem?
"How went your progression on the samples since I departed for my repast?" he asked Prof. Scientist. He dusted his hands of his midday meal's crumbs, still lamenting the cafeteria's faulty thumbprint readers. Only the sandwich machine's reader worked, so his options were few, and he still tasted cafeteria cheese on his tongue.
He approached the counter on which lay the genetic transformer, a tabletop box sporting an activation button and a specimen tray. The sample pressed in its tray looked the same as when he'd left, except now it wore more fruit flies.
Prof. Scientist's despondency revealed more than his words. "I fear not well. We still have yet to successfully combine the DNAs of a Virillian and a banana."
"Curses." Prof. Professor smacked the countertop and pulled away from the genetic transformer. "Now Intergalactic Protection will never have its Virillianana. How else will we determine which holds more resilience to shell shock, a tropical fruit warrior or its melon cousin?"
"As thought I as well. Technological limitations are forever the burdensome troglodytic stepbrothers of science." Prof. Scientist sighed. "The melon counterparts are tastier, though."
"Indubitably, my good colleague. Indubitably."
"Back to the drawing fridge." Prof. Scientist pushed his horn-rimmed glasses up his beak-shaped nose. Prof. Professor would have suggested purchasing newer eyes, but—
"You have three new visitors, Professors," the haunt control said. Who was entering the lab?
The l doors faded with a squeal, deconstructed into their inactive states and stored in computer memory. Holographic outlines replaced them to indicate their positions—
An atomic war exploded into the room! The doorframe and its wall blew apart in spewed rubble and belched dust. Duck! Prof. Professor rolled aside to avoid a shard of debris no smaller than a pouncing lion cub.
Laser blasts lit the area, crimson-tinged the clouds of soot. Prof. Scientist dived behind an atom manipulator. In a chaotic swarm, the blasts slid through equipment, the ceiling, Prof. Scientist's seventeen-tier abacus.
"Lieutenant." A new voice announced itself like a light-bullet, carrying an unspoken harrumph of disdain. "Must I remind you? Time your explosions to totally demolish stuff when we burst through the wall and no earlier. And look at this smoke and debris. Awful. This is one of our worst entrances ever. It flies in the face of basic villainy."
"I'll consider that the next time we steal a DNA manipulator, sir."
"You mean 'gene doohickey.'"
Oh, no! Those voices. Prof. Professor had watched the speakers on news broadcasts. These interlopers assaulted innocents for their own gain, played cosmic chance with lives, boasted about their mastery at landmine dancing. And now these cads dared barge into this facility? No names could Prof. Professor attach to the voices, but they seared the surface of his brain like a cow brander.
Shadows shuffled in the hallway where a brilliant beam shot forth. Prof. Professor took cover behind the burning husk of the abacus. And if those fiends blasted it, well, Prof. Scientist could thrust his accuracy to the thirteenth decimal place where the electromagnetic spectrum didn't shine.
A pistol at his side, the intruders' silhouetted commander tensed, ready for action. His smile sparkled with an evil glint even in the darkness. "Lieutenant, where are the smoke pellets? Achieve the effect."
"Yes, sir. Would you like Morning Melody or Soothing Pond?"
"I'm in a Soothing Pond mood. We did eat koi for breakfast."
The follower's shadow reached into a pouch, grabbed two small orbs, and threw them to the travertine floor. They hissed into smoke and misted the ruined doorway with charcoal dust.
"Behold, science geeks, for I have come to do stuff to your stuff!" The bellowing buffoon stepped through the wall of smoke and emerged from anonymous darkness. And the media names of the interlopers struck Prof. Professor's memory as abruptly as a punch to the face. The most feared, the most hated, the most irritating—Master Asinine and Lieutenant IQ 23.
Master Asinine's tongue wagged. "We have arrived."
His hand clasped the air, his eyebrows perked up, his mouth readied an unspent cackle. Like a glittering waterfall, his swishing suit dazzled in the light upon his entrance. A vanilla-colored leisure suit? In this fashion market?
Prof. Professor grabbed a saline tube and double-squeezed its bulbous end to squirt streams of saltwater at Asinine. These deviants would come nowhere near whatever their malevolent purposes required. "Stay back, or face my salty spray, wrongdoers!"
"Wrongdoers?" Asinine snapped his fingers. "Plaster, wrongdo them before they gobbledygook me up some more. And grab that spray thingy. I'm thirsty."
A third interloper, a Terran whose skin fell off his body in coagulated clumps, thundered out of the hallway's shadows. "Finally, someone to beat up. Nothin' else happenin' since ya got rid o' the table tennis in the starship." He passed Prof. Professor. "Hi-de-ho, nerd."
The one called Plaster swatted the saline tube from Prof. Professor's hand and belted him aside. Prof. Professor skidded across the floor and crashed into a cupboard, rattling its shelves.
The golemlike Terran tramped further into the lab. Prof. Professor's heart thump-thumped at a hyperactive one hundred sixty—no, one hundred sixty-three—beats per minute, threatening to tear loose his pulmonary artery and aortic arch and rupture the superior vena cava and possibly—dear, he needed a Dramamine.
Prof. Professor scraped up acidic adrenaline from within the pits of his stomach. "How dare you accost this place of knowledge? This is a civilized—"
"Do you even know what a one-syllable word is?" Asinine stuffed his hand over Prof. Professor's mouth. Had he scooped his fingers into the jelly jar a few times? "Lieutenant, smash things that look expensive or that offend my sense of smell. Plaster, grab that thingamabob we came here for."
"The san'wich oven?"
"No, we have the Toasterizationizer for ovening things. I mean, get the gene doohickey. That's the thing we're bringing to Brick so he can replicate the techno-cool."
Lieutenant IQ 23 smashed a plastic hydrogen molecule model to the floor. He ground it under his heel and then grabbed a UV lamp. The head-sized question marks attached to his helmet's temples bobbed.
Against orders, Plaster scooped up the gamma ray sandwich oven, leaving a slimy hand free to snatch the genetic transformer.
"No!" Prof. Scientist lunged from behind the atom manipulator. He clutched at the genetic transformer and hugged it to his chest. "Intergalactic Protection has need of its banana army." He shoved Plaster back.
Plaster swatted Prof. Scientist away with a waxy arm. A viscous stripe splattered the professor's cheek. "No touchy-touch, brainiac. Ya can find some other way of gettin' your fruity banana snack attack." He stomped toward the ruined door. His face like a skull covered in melting flesh, he grunted. "I'll be in the starship. Don't wake me up when you get in, 'cause I ain't carin' when 'Cosmonaut Chimp gets back from them commercial messages.'"
As if he'd stepped on a tack, Asinine jolted. "Ooh, right. We're on a tight schedule. Lieutenant, finish your wanton destruction."
Lieutenant IQ 23 pulverized a radioscope against a wall. He held up an atom box. "Should I smash this, sir? I'm not sure it's expensive enough."
"I trust your judgment."
Lieutenant IQ 23 shrugged and hurled the atom box against a shelf. It ricocheted hollowly, bounced against his forehead, and tap-danced its way toward the l door.
Asinine and IQ 23 proceeded to the exit. Asinine's heel fumbled against the atom box, and he tripped forward. "Gah, who left their toys lying around?"
"The theft of our only genetic transformer will put our research back years." Still curled against the cupboard and rubbing his achy neck, Prof. Professor watched the two exit. He clutched Prof. Scientist's sleeve. "What shall we tell Intergalactic Protection?"
Asinine ducked back into the lab. "Tell them the truth. Tell them who stole their gene doohickey. Tell them it was...the Bad Guys." A wicked smile shaped his lips and remained ingrained in the moment before he reexited.
But he returned. "I mean, not all the Bad Guys. Only three of us. And Scapegoat's manning the getaway jalopy." He tilted his head in thought. "Well, when you get down to it, we all had a hand in this heist, so you could say it was all the Bad Guys. Except Appetite. All he did was eat the datasheet we wrote our plans on. So—"
From the shadows, IQ 23 said, "Sir, someone will trip the silent alarm if we wait any longer."
"Ooh, I hate those things. The way they give you the silent treatment. But you know they're judging you. Always judging." He turned back to the scientists. "You know what? Just tell them it was the Bad Guys and leave it at that. Oh, and remember to mention my stylish leisure suit. Shiny, huh?" His chest swanked forward to boast the leisure suit's most hideous feature: the leisure suit. He winked. "Because I'm leisure and I'm suited."
Asinine raised his pistol to shoulder height. "The Bad Guys came here to kick crock and chew bubblegum. And we're all outta gum." He padded a pocket. "Oh, wait. Here's some."

To be done like dinner...


Now that you got a taste, grab the whole meal at tiny.cc/iagffa5.
Because these books are like bacon:
you always want the rest of the plate.
Appendix: Frequently Asked Questions
My loyal fans and those people ill-fated enough to leaf through this at a bookstore! Over the half dozens of years I've been at this writing gig, I've had a few people approach me for a little chat. And, after the punches stop flying and I come to, these same people have asked some very pertinent questions. I've found that a lot of these questions recur often. To that end, I'll address them here, in this handy dandy brain-candy little appendix, so you can learn a little about the series, a little about the writing process, and a lot about my sanity.
Let's hop to it.
Q1. Where do you come up with your story ideas?
I have to be honest. I don't come up with the ideas. I have a panel of idea judges trapped in my head that do most of my wild thinking. We're talking 90...maybe 95 percent of my good ideas come from these two guys and two girls. What they do is present a story idea to me. If I say, "No, that might land me in jail," they insist. But if I insist more insistently, they go back to their dark deliberation chamber and try to land me in jail a little more slyly. Once they and I agree on an idea, they flesh it out into what is considered a "workable" and "non-copyright infringing" storyline. And that's how a story idea is born: from the voices in my head. Fun fact: what they and I consider to be "non-copyright infringing" often differs. Other fun fact: Play-Doh is edible but full of sodium.
Q2. What would you consider your best story so far?
Given the fact that you're reading the fourth story in the series and that I've written nineteen as of compiling this little FAQ, I don't know if I can divulge too many secrets about what's going on between now and the big ol' number nineteen. But, to answer the question less vaguely, I'd have to say my best story so far is the one where I was in high school and I told my parents that, yes, I did pay for all that stuff with my own money and, no, the cops were wrong about the theft at the sporting goods store. Must have been some other young punk that looked exactly like me and sounded exactly like me and used the same name I do and, no, I don't have anybody who can corroborate my whereabouts on that particular night, officer, and will you get off my case already?
Q3. Who and what would you consider your greatest influences?
It's not necessarily who and what I would consider my greatest influences, but where and when. Where would be the candy store and when would be right after I shovel a metric ton of sugar into my mouth. My worst influences are that same candy store and after the sugar rush ends and the stomachache settles in. Don't try to talk to me at that point. Just roll me over and check my breathing every half an hour.
Q4. What do you do for fun? I mean, when you're not writing?
There's a long list of things I find entertaining. That list includes such gems as surface-to-air missile rodeos, yelling at hallucinations during odd and bylaw-violating hours, coordinating arranged marriages between pet rocks, challenging stuffed animals to sudden-death combat (this happens in toy stores, so if you're interested, I can name a few businesses with well-placed security cameras), and something I regard as a creative use of watermelons, grenades, and trampolines. Bombs away, as I like to say.
Q5. Can you sign my baby?
You're holding a sword and not a pen, so my gut says no. And I trust my gut. It's pretty honest when it comes to mealtimes.
Q6. Do you suffer from some sort of mental illness?
I can provide you a federally mandated list upon receipt of your mailing address.
Q7. I mean, seriously, what's wrong with you?
At this point, doctors aren't quite sure. The smart money seems to be on a cocktail of ADHD, hemianopic dyslexia, and something the medical field is currently labelling Liam's Dementia. (Yes, it's nice to have something named after you. No, not everyone can have a species of insect named after them. Sometimes we have to settle for what we get.) I also seem to be allergic to nickel, which sucks when you have to go shopping for belts.
Q8. Are you my mommy?
Quite likely not. I don't have the mandatory ovaries.
Q9. Which of the characters that you've created are you most like?
That's a hard question. I see a lot myself in most characters: Power Plant, Master Asinine, Franchise, Schizophrenic, Ace Spandex...But I'd have to say the one I think I'm most like is the haunt control, because (a) I push a lot of products on people, (b) I have no social grace when I push a lot of products on people, and (c) I don't care how intrusive I am when I push a lot of products on people. Also if you want me to do something, you have to start with "Liam, acknowledge." I'm also sort of like latent technology because I pop in and out at weird times and make some people phobic. I'm super awesome like that.
Well, thank you, everyone, for joining me on this little Q&A. Thank you, as well, for submitting your questions. I hope I answered everything to your satisfaction. If you have any further questions, don't hesitate to hit me up at my question-answering e-mail address, liamgibbs@inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com. I'll do my best to post retorts in a prompt manner on the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy web site, inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com. Also, drink plenty of fluids when you spend a substantial amount of time outdoors, walk your dog daily, and wear clean underwear, lessons I had to learn the hard way and in combination.
Intergalactic Protection: List of Advertisements

About That Guy You Just Put in Your Will
Liam Gibbs knew he was destined to write at age four, when he authored a breathtaking account of a cow who ate grass. The bovine saga failed to catch the public's eye but earned the budding author parental acclaim. Since those early times, he's gone on to write the novella Not So Superpowered and humorous articles for various magazines.
A twenty-year veteran of the brutal world of hand-to-hand comic book fandom, Gibbs cut his teenage teeth on titles such as Spider-Man, X-Men, New Warriors, and other Marvel comics.
Gibbs graduated college with a degree in professional writing, which included classes on fiction writing and story structure. He lives on the balmy shores of Ottawa, Canada, where he relaxes by watching staggeringly awful horror and science fiction movies. A health and fitness nut, he shoots lasers from his eyes, uses the word exclusive incorrectly, and once wrestled an exclusive brontosaurus. True story.


Ah. We're treated to a debonair photo of the auth—Nope. He's pretending he's a fish. Not even close to debonair.
I'M ON A MISSION...

…to get a kazillion book reviews.

If you enjoyed this book and want others to enjoy it too, please take a minute to review it online. Reviews are the #1 way to draw in new readers and keep the series going.

This book was written as an homage to the comic mythos, and I'd love it if more readers could find it.

And, hey, I'd love to hear what you thought. Let me know you reviewed it, and I'll check it out.

Two or three lines is cool, and it would mean the world to me.


Review the book my dog rated "good enough to chew up."

tiny.cc/iagffa4
FREE DOWNLOAD

I want to give you free stuff. For free even!

Join the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy army and get an exclusive, free story
you can't find anywhere else...just for signing up! How?
Mosey on over to tiny.cc/iagffa_army for all the details.

How awesome is that?



tiny.cc/iagffa_army
For updates and the latest news on my celebrity crushes, visit me at my social-media haunts.

Keep tabs on the series at inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com
Like it on at tiny.cc/iagffa_facebook
Follow it on tiny.cc/iagffa_twitter
Make barnyard noises with it on tiny.cc/iagffa_linkedin
Or have nothing to do with it. That is, if you feed off the quiet sounds of my soul weeping in self-pity.

To see more of the stuff that rages around inside my head, please review this book online, in newspapers, everywhere. The more reviews people write, the better this book's ranking does, the more exposure this series gets, the more you help an independent author, and the more we can nod awkwardly at each other for the rude things you type about me.

For a list of review links, please visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com/series.php#id4.

