


A Critic’s Notes.
“What is best about Bollywood Extras will likely be its albatross in the sliced white bread world of mainstream publishing. Three strengths that make the work what it is - the [undersized] length, the style, the intellectual capital - will be three strikes against it when it comes to the money. While I delight in rich language and agile invention, I’ve given you the reasons the trade (‘legit’) presses won’t take Bollywood Extras. Do I think you should you change it? No. I like it. Why ruin an interesting work for money?”
- Tom Flood of ‘Flood Manuscripts’ (www.manuscripts.com.au), former winner of the Miles Franklin Literary Award, Sydney, Australia.




Copyright Notes.
Written and published by Starrs Above Productions via smashwords.com.
Copyright Dr D. Bruno Starrs 2020.
All images in Bollywood Extras: A Novel from Mumbai are sourced from the Public Domain.
ISBN: 9781301669219.



Legal and Social Notes.
This ebook entitled Bollywood Extras: A Novel from Mumbai - written, published and copyrighted by its author Dr D. Bruno Starrs in 2020 - is licensed for the individual buyer’s use and enjoyment only. It may not without permission be resold to or copied for any other person/s in any form, electronic or hard copy, whatsoever. To do so is an act of theft.
And please remember to post a review - if not where you bought it then somewhere - anywhere: online, hard copy, your local Alcoholics Anonomous notice board … Or go and write it in the sand at Juhu Beach in Old Bombay! And if you think Bollywood Extras: A Novel of Mumbai is a good read, then please tell your equally discerning and intelligent friends about it!


PROLOGUE.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “As a man can drink water from any side of a full tank, so the skilled theologian can wrest from any scripture that which will serve his purpose” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Twenty-three-year-old Ajmal Amir, like many Pakistanis, had no real last name. He disdainfully considered surnames to be a decadent Western conceit, as he had been tutored (indoctrinated?) to believe. Thus, he dutifully viewed the tradition with scorn as he simultaneously noted its importance for most weak and pathetic Westerners.
And just as simultaneously he knew, from his clandestine surfing of Internet celebrity websites, that in show business the birth name of an entertainer is often changed (for what are usually commercially oriented reasons). Indeed, the good-looking young man harbored a secret fascination with celebrity, and he had heard there was a statistical tendency for screen idols to have stage identities consisting of two first names. Or that just one name was sufficient for some actors and singers.
So, he pondered ... what about: ‘Amir Amir’?
Or: ‘Ajmal Ajmal’?
Or just: ‘The Ajmal’?
“Yo, dude! Look who’s coming! It’s The Ajmal!”
These were the delicious, forbidden fantasies and daydreams he cultivated for no more than the rarest, most self-indulgent periods of his limited free time. And he had only ever performed his audition monologues before the fly-spotted mirror in the back room of his parent’s modest, mud-brick home. He had never actually been on a stage let alone in front of a camera.
Certainly, Ajmal Amir had yet to realize that, as Shakespeare warned, “All the world’s a stage, And all the men and women merely players.” He struggled with the intricacies of English enough as it was and had never read any of the Bard’s plays or sonnets. He didn’t realize he was about to deliver a performance.
His strict religion had set events in motion for the next 24 to 36 hours would inevitably put him centre-stage for the rest of his life, in a character role the media would - by itself and without prompting - decide what and how to name.
As it happened, the infidel newspaper journalists didn’t have to rack their brains for a catchy moniker for The Ajmal. Like many Pakistanis, his caste was frequently used to identify his kith and kin, and although Ajmal Amir’s father was, in reality, a humble vendor of vegetarian Dahi puri snacks in the markets and on the streets of Faridkot village in Pakistani Punjab, Ajmal Amir’s family caste was certainly not vegetarian. His people were ‘Kasab’, from the ‘butcher’ caste, and that is why he eventually became known in the international media as: Ajmal Kasab.
Thus, on the night of November 26th, 2008, the devout young Muslim fundamentalist with hair like a pomaded rockabilly (and who day-dreamed about landing an acting role in a Bollywood film) was well on his way to honoring his family’s caste with his eager involvement in Lashkar-e-Taiba’s finely orchestrated acts of slaughter and terrorism. These outlandish, murderous feats of theatrical butchery were to be so in-human and yet so spectacular; a cynic might even describe Ajmal as a post-modern, 21st Century performance artist.
Waves slapped up at Ajmal Kasab, like blows from grinning, godless, schoolyard bullies. They threatened to spill at his feet his cargo of almost transparent thoughts, while the light from the city of Mumbai ahead rose in all its garish, neon wantonness. As he and his fellow jihadists approached the southernmost shores of what was formerly known as Bombay, he felt butterflies turn cartwheels in his stomach. Crumbling wing fragments, like bristles of doubt, caught in the thick mucus of his esophagus. He wondered if this was what the celebrity websites called ‘stage fright’.
Beneath him the black swell of the Arabian Sea kicked, sluicing and slewing relentlessly. The A-grade methamphetamine coursing through his bloodstream caused his brown, soft-skinned jaws to grind, making him look older than he was and he gripped the side of the inflatable speedboat hard with one hand and his AK-47 hard with the other.


CHAPTER ONE.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader that: “Action is greater than inaction. Perform therefore thy task in life. Even the life of the body could not be if there were no action” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

The Mumbai air was as hot and as sticky as blood. Arden Pyle stirred from his torpor of inaction with reluctance. No longer was the office working American’s lethargic mind held captive by the strobing, chopping, mesmerizing thrall of the ceiling fan spinning directly above him. Unfazed, nevertheless, the rusty edged appliance rotated away. Rhythmically, it throbbed and throbbed and throbbed like an un-musical metronome, in its feeble but unstoppable quest to dissipate the choking heat of afternoon India. Arden hated the machine.
Had the ceiling fan, in any reality, been the slightest bit sentient, the fan might have registered some surprise, for at that listless time of day it’d normally have kept Dr Pyle hypnotized quite easily, soothing his overworked brain like a draught of Chinese opium.
Instead, as Arden serenely slumped over his desk, his consciousness clambered back into being the way a drowning man in a well (who had peacefully resolved himself to eternal oblivion) suddenly and unexpectedly finds footholds in the green, slippery walls of that well. In that enviable, near-exquisite state of daydreaming, Arden was feeling more than a little ambivalent about the task of waking up. Part of him rather liked that dark, wet well, no matter how green and slimy it was. The strands of algae always seemed to be wave at him in a friendly and non-threatening manner. His sub-conscious struggled stoically for homeostasis, querying the real benefits, the actual payoff in rising.
A thin rivulet of sweat broke free from his relatively fair-skinned, relatively un-creased forehead and dripped not unto the waters of his existential green-watered well but onto the hand-written foolscap papers he was sprawled across.
The escaped perspiration blotted and blurred the blue-inked letters of the third paragraph on the thirteenth page of what the recently graduated Dr Pyle believed would one day be his Magnum Opus. Its title frequently changed, but the latest two drafts of his creation were both still cleverly labeled Sub-Continental Soup.
Performed, published and moderately acclaimed as a playwright already in his native America, his India-based current work was yet another stage play. Cinematic notes were also kept for the play’s subsequent film adaptation (which he was quietly certain would follow), through which he would undoubtedly gain literary immortality. ‘Like … like … Beckett. Or maybe Shepherd ... No, probably more like Kane. Now, that British chick, she knew all about how to break the play writing rules and become fully famous: The trick is to ‘top’ yourself just as your weirdest and most baffling play opens in London’s Royal Court. Play openings rarely make the front page of the mass media news, but the suicide of the author helped her final play achieve just that. Sarah Kane probably idolized Virginia Woolf’, he thought to himself, in a last resort bid to stay asleep.
His internal monologue continued: ‘But neither Hollywood nor Bollywood had ever made a film - or, indeed, probably never could make a film - based on Sarah Kane’s weirdly brilliant 4.48 Psychosis play and most playwrights would confess a less than enthusiastic attitude to replicating her mode of success. Suicide sux – even if one’s literary greatness might only be duly recognized posthumously,’ he sighed.
This auteuristic nihilism perhaps explained Arden’s disinclination to return to full vigilance that hot, sticky afternoon, his subconscious desire to sink further into that green well, to slowly expire and thus become that most famous of all career clichés:
The Uncelebrated Artist Taken Too Soon.
(Although on this particular day, it must be conceded, the effects of the previous night’s partying were also to be considered a causative factor in his unwillingness to shine, for Arden had himself a Killer Hangover).
Ah, dear reader, the poetics of artistic suicide! The usual debates about self-murder aside, however, all the reader really needs to know is that Arden’s day was stalled in the afternoon doldrums and that he was annoyed. He was really annoyed. He was really, really annoyed to realize that the unusual little sound in the back of his head was growing into a very loud affront, having filtered through a miniature attic window at the top of his skull which some servant of his intellect had carelessly left ajar.
Through this tiny cranial casement the dull clanging of steel battle saber against tin-lined scabbard had become distinct and grating, whereas before it had been a mere murmur of no import, arising from some indeterminate location of equal unimportance. What at first seemed to be miles and miles away from the solid, bony housing of Arden’s brain, now sounded as if about to burst through the office doors and fatally deafen him and his co-workers with audio-hyper bombs, or at the very least afflict them all with debilitating tinnitus.
Without opening his eyes, Arden made a brushing motion with his hand through the thick, sweaty air but the sound obstinately refused to go away.
As with the noise of clattering steel weaponry, the duller sound from the slap of heel against leather sandal had grown in volume too, but the worst of all the aural intrusions came from the babble of a dozen different dialects of Indian speak, being exercised in many full, crudely un-censored, masculine voices and which had all become noisily coherent to him even there in his cramped upstairs cubicle. In short, there was a magnificent din coming from outside Arden’s office.
He had learnt - and now was automatically familiar with - some choice Bambaiya local street slang and it was these curse words which flexed their polyglot muscles, finally prizing open Arden’s sleep-encrusted eyelids with their multicultural strength.
Thus, Arden surfaced from his green well like a swimmer beating a dumper of a nasty big Pacific sea wave, precipitously eager for the oxygen of meaning, suddenly gasping for the clean air of an explanation. What was that racket outside?
Gritting his remarkably healthy teeth, he craned his remarkably healthy neck and peered through the limp curtains. He was awake at last, having forced himself to gain those footholds in his psyche’s stairway to full consciousness. Arden had exited that dark, comforting well, and although he felt ready for a flourishing good finish to his working day with perhaps two or three hundred more words straining to be written, there was some displeasure in his mood also, as he set about satisfying his curiosity regarding the noise. So he leant over to the window, focused his bloodshot eyes and gazed down upon the scene materializing in the dusty street outside. With that gaze came instant comprehension. The visual axe blow of sudden understanding hit. And his injury? Complete and absolute fascination.
Arden’s annoyed face accidentally folded into a smile for below him glittered an image he had travelled quite a distance from his home country to witness, and he conceded, with a silent shrug, that such a postcard picture was the kind of one only this extraordinary city of Mumbai could provide him. It was one of a slide show he had imagined in his mind’s eye many times, and it was one of many mental screenshots he had yearned for.
Passing beneath Arden’s grime-streaked first floor window was a 150-year-old Indian army.
And it was not just any 150-year-old army: For one thing, it was real, and not a product of Arden’s flamboyant imagination. This was an army of young, uniformed, 19th Century Indian infantrymen. They preceded - with native insouciance - a convoy of armored Asiatic war elephants. Astride each horrible specimen of Elephas maximus indicus sat a half-dozen, half-naked Indian archers armed with double crossbows. Quivers were all fully loaded. Chainmail was wired into place. Anachronistically, some soldiers sent text messages or tweeted. Others, holding their cellphone at arm’s length, sent video messages too.
The massive be-jeweled pachyderms with their curlicue-painted faces, their heavy leather strapping and brass-riveted breastplates, possessed no phones. Instead, their probing, prehensile trunks asked the questions, found the answers and would soon be lumbering by at his first-floor eye-level.
Arden knew his world-changing play writing would have to wait some more: As it had patiently been doing while he dozed there at his cheap plywood desk, self-indulgent and unproductive. He almost leant out the window.
In the middle distance, maybe one hundred and twenty yards behind the first of the garrulous foot soldiers, he observed a slender young Maharashtra-ian woman, attractive to be sure (but not sensationally photogenic enough to secure the industry breakthrough she really hankered after), and she was gaining on the melee from behind.
The girl was dressed in pale lemon (the blouse) and pastel pink (the pants): a Salwar Kameez outfit, the national dress of Pakistan (although worn most parts Indian or Asian), and she had belled, golden anklets above her delicately embossed, leather Chappals. A braided rope of glistening, coconut-oiled, blue-black hair hung to her lower back - ‘Just like the ladder a worthy man might climb to his own private paradise’, Arden thought - and fashionable black-framed eyeglasses above a simple nose-ring adorned the serious features of her lean, soot-dark, near-perfect face.
The frowning maiden intensified Arden’s interest with her dusky good looks. Her refined attractiveness and confidence almost got him calling out in Marathi through the open window in order to learn her identity, for Arden was still of an age when dainty young women commanded his attention easily, but he thought it better not to distract the girl from her obviously important work and decided to simply let the Bollywood careerist get her job done.
“Stage Three - You sister-fucking idiots - Stage Three!” the evidently not so dainty young woman screamed in ruthless, fearless (ah, but never godless) Hindi, through a megaphone far too small for her un-feminine purpose, as the crowd of approximately two hundred Sepoy warriors and exactly three bored elephants surged on, seemingly oblivious.
But hear her they did, and ignore her they did not, and the columns of Queen Victoria’s British Indian Army reformed, as if they’d been waiting for such advice from a female General all along. Gratefully assuming an orderly direction, the cast of background actors fell into a slightly more orderly formation. Thus, the three elephant extras and two hundred human extras needed for the opening battle scene of the very big budget, historical epic Royal Utsav, haphazardly headed for Bollywood’s Film City Sound Stage Number Three.
***
Arden watched until each and all of the magnificent extras - animal and human - had marched past the adjoining Parisian cafe scene set. He watched until they had filed beyond its attendant maze of trailers, portable toilet cubicles, dangerously exposed electrical cables and precariously propped up lighting equipment. He watched until the stragglers of the regiment - as if sensing they were at last exiting their American audience’s field of view - had then playfully goose-stepped out of his sight altogether.
Around the corner they went to where he knew was the aircraft hangar-sized Film City Sound Stage Number Three, which housed several desert scenes complete with towering sand dunes, ancient stone fortresses and luxurious palm and date tree fringed oases. Like all the Sound Stages at Film City, it was a place of instant magic. With the scripted flick of up to a dozen switches in this particular Sound Stage’s Bio Box, cinematic dust-storms could be mechanically generated, in gradations from gentle to blinding. Sunrises could be painted. Nightfall could be scored.
Arden had yet to poke around inside Sound Stage Number Three, but suspected from the parade he had just witnessed that it was to be the set for a bloody battle scene, with many ‘wounded and dying’ mannequins already placed in the extreme corners of the set and where a centrally positioned group of earnest-looking extras was probably already patiently standing, waiting for the Second Assistant Director’s instructions on … ‘How to Act’. Nodding their heads attentively, they would most likely be told, Arden imagined, the following sage words of advice:
“Extras, you are all mortally wounded. By all means, show your suffering, but please to be doing your moaning and dying as noiselessly as possible! Your job is to be silent!”
Such un-expected visions as that afternoon’s fake army procession beneath his office window were part of the web of reasons contributing to why he loved his still relatively new job in this new (but so very old) country which would always be capable of delivering such delightful surprises. Even if he ended up living his entire life in India. Even if he survived into his nineties. Even if he was eventually confined to a wheelchair with an assortment of catheter tubes and body fluid bags, India would always occasionally surprise, as his daydreams finally fled from the atonal overtures of reality.
He thought all this through - as he finished contemplating the long-gone March of the Glorious Extras - before turning his attention to a slightly more pressing matter: coffee.
Arden was trying to decide if he should take his coffee break then (which was the time it was actually needed, that dull afternoon siesta time when any central nervous system stimulant would be productive in completing one’s waking-up process), or later (when he had the much better chance of bumping into the frequent subject of his daydreams, the fifteen going on thirty-year-old Chandy).
He glanced at the wastepaper bin at his feet and felt a sliver of guilt at such high levels of caffeine consumption. It was half full of waxed and pleated paper coffee cups the company’s machine and its coin-operated convenience had persuaded him to buy.
He thought some more. It was something which, in his opinion, he did rather well. But maybe, Arden pondered, he thought ... a ... little ... too ... much ...
The coffee from the vending machine was insipid and weak but the alternative was three, perhaps four hundred yards or so of mostly un-shaded walking from his office to the Film City cafeteria and there was absolutely no guarantee the girl would even be there. Or - if she was there - that he could again produce the confidence necessary to approach her.
He had been living and working in Mumbai for nearly nine months and at times he actually believed he was getting the hang of the Bollywood film-making industry, as chaotic and changeable as it always seemed to be. In the passionate mayhem of this city of at least fifteen million people, speaking at least two hundred different dialects, practicing at least one hundred different strains of religion, he nevertheless knew that even the youngest or the poorest Indian still gravitated to a daily routine when possible.
The most he knew regarding Chandy’s routine, however, was that like the film industry it was quite unpredictable. Most working days it did include a bitter injection of the more affordable Bru (made locally by Hindustan Unilever), rather than the prestigious French (but still locally produced) Nestle brand, Nescafe, and, typically, her break would come somewhere between two and four in the afternoon.
Chandy apparently thought that coffee was a suitably ‘adult’ beverage, certainly more mature and worldly when compared to the ubiquitous, overly sweet, milky tea known as Chai, which even little children in her home village drank. And so she made a point of striding tall and adult-like whenever she entered the Film City cafeteria to take her place in the Barista’s queue.
Arden examined the scratched, pitted face of his watch. It was 3.35 pm and he wondered if Chandy’s time for a coffee break had already come and gone.
Chandy could be running errands anywhere on the Film City Studio Lot, spreading her seductive young charm and hoping to be noticed by someone with casting sway - unless she’d gotten lucky and been called away to help with wardrobe. At double-time pay rates for an evening shoot, such wardrobing assignments were like blessings from an unusually generous and bountiful god. These were usually shoots done off the Studio Lot, meaning the crew, including Chandy, would be followed to the set by one of the Studio’s catering trucks, and a free dinner would be had. One’s rent must be paid, even if one were as inventively independent as Chandy, and the rates for nighttime wardrobe assisting were not to be sneezed at by a girl with neither influential contacts nor wealthy family. Nor generous guardians. Just her and her healthy self-belief.
If not on the studio grounds, or involved in the wardrobe department off the lot, the teenager was probably backing up for her ailing father on his infrequent sales forays - although the adjective ‘nursing’ on such days was more apt than ‘caring’. Sales were few but the outings gave the old man pleasure and were no chore for the child, who was a keen observer of his sales patter and performance and even more interested in the action of successful business. She was fascinated by the contest of offer and counteroffer, the blur of the financial transaction’s final, magical completion.
Regardless, Chandy, or Chandanaramukhi, as the Old Clown sometimes called his daughter (did he really think the additional four syllables bestowed any more dignity upon his already impossibly glamorous young offspring?), was a confident, self-possessed girl who at all times, in all places, remained upwardly mobile, but for her it would be in one professional direction and one alone: The Hindi language movie making industry of her relatively new home, the world-famous Bollywood.
Arden didn’t know much about Chandy but, like most male Film Industry aspirants, he knew natural style when he saw it. He did not know what caste she was born into but Arden intuitively knew she could and would overcome any and all limitations of birth or pedigree, even if her ancestors were Untouchable latrine-cleaning Dalits, Kollabas, Hoykas or from one of some other allegedly second or third class Indian citizenry. Chandy had the X factor in spades.
It was obvious to both her and he that Chandy would be a star, no matter how long it took to get there and therefore she had to be one hundred percent presentable and gorgeous at any and every moment of the working day. For around the very next corner could be the all-assessing, career-catapulting eyes of a powerful Bollywood Producer or Director. Insistent was the Mumbai teenager originally from Uttar Pradesh who resolutely held fate in sneering contempt. And thus, Chandy bided her time as a Wardrobe and Costuming Assistant (Casual) with patience, self-assured in the knowledge and confidence of her own unassailable future.
She exuded poise and feminine strength like an invisible gas, an exudation of irresistible pheromone. Nonetheless, Arden felt a need to not only possess her sexually but to also look out for her, to provide the necessary protection against the unseemly urges and surges of male humanity that would inevitably result in clumsy attempts to defile her, despoil her, degrade her. Indian men could be animals.
‘The girl-child needed someone capable and worldly to shield her from such pedophile assails,’ he told himself. He was no child molester and she was only fifteen.
Arden had first arrived in Chandy’s home, the gigantic metropolis of Mumbai, in late 2006, only eighteen months previous, for a graduate conference during his studies for a now-completed PhD degree in film theory. It was a three month-long junket studying the machinations of day-to-day Bollywood filmmaking and required from the Doctoral candidate only the presentation of two short papers.
Funded by the University of Chapel Dale research board, the trip resulted in the much later publication of two papers in separate refereed Conference Proceedings - but if the travel grant to visit India had only advanced his academic career microscopically, it had changed his life plans irrevocably on a Zeitgeist-changing macro level.
Back in the States, his working life in the present economic climate would be no bed of de-thorned roses. From coast to coast, the country was suffering under what many economists were already calling a Global Financial Crisis, so Arden knew he’d be reduced to queuing for sporadic, un-rewarding tutoring work at community colleges and low-level universities. Instead, he had become his own boss in an exotic, new land and he was loving it.
Those first few weeks in 2006 were spent touring India on a student visa, feeling one day like a Visiting Professor on Sabbatical and the next like a Clueless Western Tourist, and had sown the seeds for the business venture that was now paying his rent, and providing a level of excitement in his 2008 workaday routine he’d never before even dreamed of.
And so, after the formalities of his uni graduation were completed, the newly crowned scholar had immediately returned to Mumbai to become a willing participant in the writhing, pulsating human anthill whose business is the spinning of cinematic dreams, 35 mm lies and hi-definition silver screen escapism.
‘Coffee!’, he reminded himself, and Arden exited his hot office, descended the steps and staked his claim on a shaded part of the broken concrete pavement outside the Megalopolitan Casting Office (where, as was the case on that day, Arden sometimes worked as a script editing temp or assisted the Second Assistant Director in transport logistics, for example, the task of getting more than fifty background actors from a Sound Stage located on one side of Mumbai to an on-site, outdoor set on the other side of the city, before the cameraman lost the natural Golden Hour of light and the shadows became too long. Someday soon, he hoped, would come the much meatier task of actually directing a crowd of extras himself, advising them how to not look like they were identical automatons, warning against them all doing the exact same actions as the fellow they were situated next to was enacting. Nothing looks less contrived than a crowd scene in which everyone is pointing or gasping or rubbing their eyes in over-acted disbelief.
Arden stood there on the chunkily broken, uneven pavement for several moments, pondering the academic possibilities of writing a paper on the intricacies of directing mostly non-English-speaking extras. In his notebook he jotted down a few keywords and the beginnings of an abstract.
He was perspiring gently but steadily, still trying to decide whether to walk to the cafeteria or take his caffeine hit from the nearby, nearly always working vending machine (Mumbai’s power outages, however, were ever threatening). Dispensing hot and cold coffee, nuts and noodles, the vending machine was stationed like a robotic sentry on the ground floor of his workplace and certainly earned its keep.
Still undecided, he loitered long enough to light and leisurely smoke a single India Kings cigarette, which he purchased from a dusty, nutbrown old man with a fold-up, once maroon striped, aluminum table he’d enterprisingly put together just outside the building’s main entrance. Business was good and the budding capitalist found three additional customers as Arden smoked.
He reflected on how such a practice of selling ‘loose’ cigarettes was outlawed in the States, due to the belief by public health experts that it encouraged smoking by children, which it probably does. The US valued the health of its young people very highly, for they eventually become the costly elderly, even as many described its overprotective laws as the legislations of a ‘Nanny State’.
And so Dr Arden Pyle, Bollywood Extras Casting Agent and Author, carelessly smoked and waited for some minor event to sway his judgment: Usually, in India, some unexpected occurrence could be expected to turn any plan/s on its head/s and create a stunning new schedule. The army that marched past his window was a case in point.
He continued to softly sweat, but it no longer bothered him. Airborne particulates and detritus combined with his facial perspiration had lacquered his outer epidermis like pond scum, but he remained unconcerned. His skin was developing a relationship with the atmosphere of Bollywood just as his mind was developing a relationship with the business of Bollywood. He finally wiped the oily sheen away with a once white handkerchief, but he wasn’t going to blow his nose and collect the snot. He would spit, instead.
In an impressive act of nasal suctioning he vacuumed wet phlegm from his nose and lungs into his mouth, rolled it about until it was a projectile-shaped wet mass, and then spat the slimy gobbet at a sleeping yellow dog (there was always one close by). As the sputum slid down the still comatose canine’s patchy coat, he reflected on how un-American it was to openly spit at street dogs and wondered if he was becoming immune to the exotica of a full-time Indian existence.
Spitting on dogs did seem to be the hobby of many elder Indian men, he’d noticed.
But was he becoming immune to the culture shock? No, not yet, he decided. Not completely. Not if he still was capable of even acknowledging the cultural polarities that India represented with regard to his ‘home’ in the ‘West’.
Certainly, Arden still found the suburb of Goregaon (where Film City was located) a fascinating part of the world to watch and he drew from it much inspiration, thanks to its unpredictable, ever-changing people-scape of actors, craftsmen and artisan women and their entourage of hangers-on. But he was feeling lazy and didn’t much like the idea of walking, knowing that the exertion would quickly build up into a lathery, shirt-staining sweat. So he loitered and smoked.
Of all twelve, October was possibly the muggiest month in Mumbai, when the air became so damp and warm it was gelatinous, like sticky brown rice, so thick in the mouth you felt like chewing rather than breathing it. The monsoon rains of 2008 were gone or easing and soon the celebration of the Diwali Festival of Lights would belatedly mark the change in the seasons and give the populace yet another chance to rejoice as if demented. For a moment Arden put aside his plans for bookish fame slash stardom and enjoyed the novelty of the way the heat of Mumbai made the moist air heavy, vibrating the atmosphere in small, slow, invisible eddies around itself, like miniature Jinns casting potent spells. Soon, the afternoon breeze from the Arabian Sea would make its arrival, as regular as if on a schedule, the air would coolly shift and he would enjoy that, too.
Although not as enjoyable as walking face on into such a fresh sea-breeze, his job was also something he looked forward to each day. His innovative, money-making enterprise in Bollywood was securing white-faced, non-Indian extras and bit part actors, at short notice, for the judicious placing on set (like pot-plants or, say, rustically weathered outdoor furniture). Western-looking extras were to be positioned in the background of those scenes supposed to be set anywhere else other than the Mumbai back streets where they actually were filmed, even though many Bollywood productions had the budgets and black-market funding to shoot on location, even overseas (Switzerland always seemed a good idea to producers needing to launder their mafia money, for some odd reason).
The lack of Occupational Health and Safety guidelines in India make it is much easier to have a crowd of lowly paid laborers standing by, until, once given the signal, they super quickly erect a set in a side-street, studio or Film City Sound Stage. In what seems like a matter of minutes, the bare-footed, bare-chested laborers create the illusion that the hair-slicked movie idol crooners and swivel-hipped, siren dancers in front of the cameras were not there in Bharat Mata, that is, their own Mother India, but in far off Rome, Paris or London, or wherever the film’s screenwriters had dictated.
And in a matter of even fewer minutes, those death-defying local laborers could, when directed, pull it all down and cart it away for storage. The next day that 1930s Manhattan street scene lined with rented vintage American cars and white people dressed in the fashions of almost a century ago, would once again be a squalid Mumbai back alleyway, populated by ulcerated beggars, hissing tomcats and snarling rats.
The movie industry in Mumbai attracts thousands of Indian hopefuls each week because, apart from a generally high rate of unemployment, Indians suffer from an extremely virulent case of what can only be diagnosed as ‘movie madness’. With an output much greater than Hollywood, Bollywood produces mostly Hindi language films for an estimated world-wide annual audience of 3.6 billion, and although Bollywood movies represent only about a quarter of the Indian nation’s overall cinematic production in its other numerous tongues, there is no doubting Mumbai’s reputation as the Number 1 film-making city in India. An antidote to reality, the Bollywood factory-produced illusion film is a dependable commodity, always a larger-than-life mix of melodrama, comedy, tragedy, song, dance and spectacle that has little in common with the forlorn lives led by most of its poverty-stricken audience.
And that’s how, while visiting India for his academic conferences, Arden had invented a niche in this monster-sized industry which he could exploit fill!
His undemanding occupation required him to twice or thrice a week do what he jokingly called ‘The Whitey Run’, in which he visited the world famous Leopold’s Cafe in Colaba, the nearby backpacker hostels on the Causeway and several one or two star hotels in that same area the day before a shoot, offering Caucasian-looking tourists the chance to - listen up now, this is just SO good! - “The ONCE in a LIFETIME CHANCE to be in a GENUINE BOLLYWOOD MOVIE!”
A fact: It was neither a sought-after nor typically touristy experience in a strange land where visitors came seeking the exotically traditional and off-beat, or to learn about and expand the inner workings of the soul through the teachings of their chosen guru. No, they came not to expand and appreciate the inner workings behind the ultra-capitalist industry of Bollywood filmmaking.
But as a well-spoken Westerner he could sound credible and trustworthy, and he could usually win their attention for at least a few minutes. More successfully, at least, than the locally raised Indian touts in acquiring the necessary commitment from the Bollywood Extra to be. The language-challenged locals were often dismissed as beggars or charlatans by wary tourists, well before the magic words “Bollywood Movie” had even been uttered.
Yet sometimes, like a street hustler, Arden occasionally had to aggressively sell the idea’s merits to less than enthusiastic receivers. These disinterested, hardened souls were usually the experienced tourists, returning to India like Devotees to the Temple, and it took a lot of persuasion before any India old hand agreed to become an Extra, even for just a day.
Another fact: Technically, those travelers on a tourist visa could be fined and deported if caught working for pay. Of course, none of the white-skinned foreigners he approached would actually receive money via a pay check for their once in a lifetime chance to be an Extra in a genuine Bollywood movie: That was the studio’s gift of fiscal responsibility which Arden gleefully took on.
So Arden ‘kindly’ circumvented the Immigration Laws by keeping their daily salary for himself (approximately 1200 to 1500 Rupees per day, a sum few tourists were really prepared to quibble over, especially if they’d just landed and had not yet learned that such a figure was extravagant earnings indeed for many Indians, whose national average monthly income in 2008 was only 3120 Rupees, according to official census figures).
In return for a free 5.30 am minibus pick-up from in front of the Colaba Causeway McDonalds (where no beef patties have ever been served and behind which the sacred humpbacked Zebu street-cows can be seen picking through the back alley rubbish in search of old lettuce heads and discarded garlands of marigold flowers, patiently whipping away flies with their tails), the Western-looking backpackers and budget travelers Arden had discovered forwent the notion of gainful employment in exchange for the kudos they’d earn upon returning to their countries of origin. With such spell-binding dinner party stories to tell, very few of Arden’s erstwhile extras would even remember how many rupees they might have potentially ‘earned’.
But Arden was a hard worker and deserved his income. Diligently provided by the American were souvenir photo-taking duties (on his and/or their cameras) and a running English commentary (oft-times whispered) throughout the day, for the entrepreneur certainly knew his film-making jargon. But, most importantly, he knew how to keep his ‘Western Looking’ tourists in high spirits.
Some more interesting facts: The studios refer to the extras in their contracts with Arden as “Junior Artists” and provide small, pre-packaged vegetarian meals and sugary, carbonated drinks but little else in the way of creature comforts, in what can turn out to be a 14 hour day of sitting around, waiting for the Director’s near-magical cry of “Cue sound and … ACTION!”
Arden kept his charges well hydrated and content by lugging around a cooler box filled with cans of ice-cold coffee, energy drinks, fruit juice and mineral water and, when the day’s shoot extended into the evening, he phoned for local restaurants to deliver picnics such as barbequed Tandoori chicken thighs, flattened loaves of Chapatti bread and exquisitely curried lentil dishes of Dhal for their on-set repast. He also kept several rolls of double-ply toilet paper and a box of wet wipes on hand for wash-room emergencies (Delhi belly could strike anyone, anywhere, anytime). These were his operating expenses and he knew that every business has to spend money to make money.
By the end of such an ebb and flow day of take after take after take, even the most star-struck of Junior Artists welcomed the Director’s realization that the shot he (rarely in India is a woman granted the opportunity to direct) had been trying for is finally ‘In the can’, with the exposed celluloid immediately sent on its way for processing. Then would the Director take off his glasses, rub his cinema-screen eyes, and loudly announce the close-to-cathartic declaration: “Thank you, people! That’s a WRAP!” Cheers and applause would then erupt from cast and crew alike, some through hopes of their having that day produced ‘art’, most at the relief of finally getting to go home.
It could be quite a draining day and very few of the middle-aged tourists and clean-cut backpackers he successfully cajoled into showing up for the work desired in any way to repeat the experience, once they had secured the photographic proof that they’d really, truly acted in a genuine Bollywood movie and Arden usually had a brief clip of them in action uploaded onto their social media before they’d even boarded their flight home.
Of course, when he found himself trying to recruit those rare extras who were overly interested in calculating the pay they would necessarily forgo, he never failed to recount a tall tale about a luckless Briton once caught working on a tourist visa in Mumbai. Held in Arthur Road Jail on remand for two gruesome months for breaching his visa conditions, the young, otherwise fit and healthy guy had contracted the disease du jour. He died in agony before the British Consulate officials ever even got around to visiting him, let alone organizing an examination by an English-speaking medico.
A statement, less a fact than a matter of opinion: No-one was ever going to mistake Arden for a noble volunteer or foreign aid worker, unless they were practicing that dark, noble art of sarcasm. He was there purely for himself and to build his mental warehouse of literary anecdotes.
He was in Mumbai to:
Make money.
Make money.
Make money.
If Arden had not been raised an atheist, and not been born an American as opposed to an Indian, he might have regularly prayed to Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth, for the main purpose behind him being in India was self-interested capitalism.
He was his own special brand of Non Government Organization and Mammonism was the closest thing he had to a religion. This certainly justified many of his financial aptitudes and objectives. He was starting in the Hindu-speaking film industry of Mumbai, but eventually he would break into the Teluga language film industry, then start networking with those who shot their films in the Urdu tongue. Someday, in the not-so-distant future, every white-skinned Extra on every movie set in the country would be ‘managed’ by him.
This occupational verity he had to constantly remind himself of, for most days he still felt like a mere sightseer, still wide-eyed and astounded by the visual and olfactory extremes of Mumbai. Nevertheless, his business was turning into, as the Australians might say, a ‘Nice Little Earner’ and, of course, had seen himself secure some slightly better paid ‘bit-parts’ – Arden might soon boast his own IMDb entry, because, unlike most dread-locked, tattooed and/or skin-pierced backpackers staying in and around Colaba en-route to their favorite Ashram, he was short-haired, looked fairly conservative and was in possession of his own nicely-tailored and neatly pressed business suit.
He could get an extras gig for himself every day of the week if he wanted, but instead was selective, and only put himself up for those casting calls where he suspected the up-grade from non-speaking Extra to Two Lines (or more) Actor was a real possibility. It was Arden’s unadventurous sartorial style, his well-groomed personal presentation and his relatively pale Caucasian skin and facial features that did it. His two seconds here and five seconds there all meant his own acting show-reel was building fast, as was his reputation as a film industry middleman.
And like everyone else in that city, Arden wouldn’t really mind if someday, in addition to his Extras Casting Agency business success, Kismet smiled down on him and he was discovered by a big name Film City Director and duly groomed to be a famous Bollywood Actor. With his own air-conditioned trailer for a change-room. And a personal assistant or two, of course. And, oh yes! Oh yes! His name listed (and correctly spelt) in the film’s actual credits! The fact that this outcome would fulfill him, satisfy him, gratify him, sometimes this fact screamed so loudly it hurt. But that affliction affected most newcomers to Mumbai. Some got over it, some did not. And those who did not were doomed to drown in the despair of never-lived dreams. Daydreaming could ruin an aspiring thespian.
***
Later, after he had signed off from his temp job (he had eventually made a decision and gone for the tar-like coffee at the studio cafeteria but to no avail: The vivacious young Chandy didn’t show). Arden squeezed his weary body aboard a city-bound bus like a sardine fits itself into a tin: Reluctantly and with no say in the matter. It was the only time-efficient means of escaping Goregaon.
Losing self-respect and his Western sense of ‘personal space’ with every little jolt or gradual grind against another sweaty co-passenger’s body, and shedding confidence like scraped fish-scales, he held his breath for long, head-throbbing periods, valiantly trying not to ingest the bacteria and viruses that swarmed airborne on every exhalation from every set of lungs of everyone of his fellow travelers. At the train station eventually, he stepped off the bus, breathed in another lungful of bacteria and viruses anyway, and then caught the train to the grand Victoria Terminus.
Carried there by the crowd, he found himself in the carriage behind the Women’s Car: Any girl unfortunate enough to be on board his crammed tight, testosterone dominated wagon would suffer much unwanted attention. The young and not so young strap-hanging Indian businessmen packed close around Arden were surprisingly coy about watching on-screen sex or nudity at the cinema, yet unaccompanied women were considered fair game in the macho (but in Arden’s eyes indecent) sport of “Eve Teasing”. Catcalls, wolf-whistles, leers and winks were the least a woman could expect if out alone.
Even a surreptitious grope of the buttocks or a furtive squeeze to the breast! It was considered their birthright by many Indian men to Eve Tease any un-chaperoned woman, that is to covertly feel her up, be she young or old, provided she was not directly related to his own family. Besides, he would effortlessly and sincerely justify to his male friends, she was just asking for it, out on the streets all by herself, the tramp, the harlot, the little hussy.
The train wheezed to a stop. Arden exited the station platform and began to calmly walk the half a mile from Victoria Terminus, with its gothic gargoyles and demons, domes and gables, columns and flutes - all worked into solid, unflinching stone - to his humble rented hotel suite.
The air in some of the streets he walked was wildly aromatic, in others disgustingly putrid, with the scents of a thousand different human activities swimming the wind like strokes of pale watercolor paint, transparent and multilayered. But beneath them was one all-pervasive smell, and that was the saline tang of the sea, the scent that grounded and supported all the other smells of Mumbai, no matter how they struggled and fought amongst themselves for olfactory dominance.
The streets of South Mumbai, as always, were choked with a bewildering, dazzling array of vehicles contributing to the pollution. His notes recorded:
- Dilapidated buses with the words “HORN PLEASE!” clumsily painted on the rear;
- Black and yellow taxis cutely known as Bumble Bees’;
- Compressed natural gas-powered, three wheeled, canvas or tin covered auto rickshaws;
- Tiny 50 cc Bajaj ‘Spirit’ scooters carrying slender Indian families of four or more;
- Gaudily painted dump trucks seemingly held together with fencing wire and twine;
- Black-haired teenage girls in immaculate school uniforms fearlessly riding sidesaddle behind their whippet-thin boyfriend’s showy, fast swerving, risk-taking, near-suicidal motorbike driving;
- Ancient Russian mopeds with still-working pedals (for when the fuel runs out);
- Chinese-made imitation Harley Davidsonson motorcycles with ape-hanger handlebars inspired by the Easy Rider movie from 1969;
- Cambodian-styled canvas-roofed and silk-lined Motorcycle-drawn Ramorks;
- Hand and/or donkey-drawn carts; and;
- Bicycles of every shape, make and kind, from sleek 20 speed racing bikes to the heavy black Flying Pigeon brand Chinese bicycles to tricycles, many seriously overloaded with passengers holding anything from huge sheets of plate glass to live chickens and other fresh produce.
But still, for those motorists, cyclists and passengers, the salt of the ocean could be smelt through all the traffic fumes and exhaust smoke.
Between all the careening street vehicles wandered gaunt but content-faced cattle. The Indian street cow has eyes like a Californian stoner, glazed over with ecstasy or, at the very least, with happy detachment. Not for them are the fear-brightened eyes of farmed cattle on the way to slaughter and they unselfconsciously eased open their anuses, like the apertures of slow-motion cameras, and contentedly deposited steaming loaves of dung upon the grateful earthen roads of Mumbai. Unfazed by the constant clamor of traffic honking and beeping, the cattle seemed to know that they and their bovine ilk are sacred to the Hindus and tolerated by all Indians.
Sacred cattle feces is no hindrance either, for it is promptly collected by women and children and put to good use as cooking fuel or for repairing cracks in walls. Indeed, the smell of fresh manure was just one more of those thousands of olfactory high notes to be heard in South Bombay. Wherever the new scent originated, it was always linked to the ever present base salt note, as has already been mentioned, for Mumbai is a city that was physically squeezed out of the ocean, like a constipated cow squeezes out rock-hard excrement.
Only a couple of history-packed centuries ago the capitalists of the Indian west coast began filling in the watery shallows separating seven islands. They poured in sand like batter into cake-tins. Result: The most populous city in India is built on mostly reclaimed land. Mumbai floats.
So for Arden, the iconic smell of Mumbai was the smell of the sea. And as the fresh Arabian Sea zephyr made everything so much more pleasant in the evening and as he was less plagued by excess perspiration when enveloped in the tang of the fresh, seaweed breeze, this last part of the working day was frequently his most favorite. It was a time to be savored, like an atmospheric balm for the workaday nerves.
Arden stopped and unbuttoned his shirt a few holes and his moist armpits dried a little. Looking to his left he was surprised to find himself next to a retail outlet for mangoes, just what Arden happened to consider to be the sweetest of fruits to be discovered anywhere in the world. He selected a ripe, fat, healthy-looking specimen from the rustic, un-signposted pavement stall. The structure looked like it had been hastily erected, and was precariously balanced adjacent to a blindingly bright, white-washed mosque. Arden tried to weigh the giant fruit in his hand. Two pounds? Two pounds and a bit?
The bare wood planks of the stall’s trestle tables were stacked high with perfect pyramids of other fruits too, but Arden was only interested in winning himself a yellow prize. Skin tinged with blood-orange, they exuded a sticky, sweet odor above and though which a swarming cloud of gnats and miniscule midges flew tiny, drunken circles of glee, and Arden too found the syrupy bouquet irresistible.
The scene was made all the more chocolate-box charming by a split-bamboo caged, yellow and grey songbird chiming and warbling from within the cool, shaded interior of the ramshackle shop. Arden was delighted, although the six-foot-high jumble of coconuts, green and globular like the hard testicles of a giant cartoon ogre, disturbed him and he could not understand why. If he had read more Freud, he might have considered then the notion of ‘Castration Anxiety’, but instead he simply handed over the necessary coinage to the grinning shopkeeper and strolled on homeward.
Arden was enraptured as he slurped the soft, sun-yellow flesh down: mango juice and pulp stirring bliss in his mouth like an expert masseuse stirring the Meridians and Chi in an athlete’s aching muscularity. The fruit was nothing less than therapeutic.
His chin glistening a delicious sheen, and as satisfied as one can bodily be, Arden then walked the half mile to his home. Walked? No, he strode, imperiously, like an 18th Century explorer, his face uplifted to all the scents, all the sights, all the tangible heavens of India. Indeed, his self-opinion was elevated by the same innate (but always, he hoped, kept out of sight) sense of racial superiority that had motivated and sustained for so long the era of the British Raj.
And as he strode, this white-skinned foreigner thought about how his two girls would cope here, if and when they ever came over from the States. His young wife Carol, with her long, shapely, incredibly sexy legs, modestly covered up for fear of starting a Mumbai street riot, and her strident feminism and university cultivated political ideals hopefully kept as out of view as her G-string tan. His baby Chloe, with her mother’s blonde curls and her looming fourth birthday: Arden could just picture her recoiling beneath the unwelcome touches and caresses of well-meaning Indian admirers. He would, he knew, be kept constantly busy protecting his young female family from the many tactless, awe-struck locals when they arrived. They would see that he had ‘in his possession’ two blonde, pretty women all of his own and they would be like museum pieces to the locals: Rare, valuable, coveted. And completely steal-able.
Certainly, Chloe was no less steal-able than the sweet-as-sugar English toddler who the press and other visual media adored and agonized over. They called her Maddie, in the dozens of frontpage newspaper headlines devoted to her cheerless abduction. The blonde, blue-eyed child was stolen from an up-market Portuguese hotel room years ago and is still, according to the speculations of many shrill-speaking commentators, the sex slave of some International pedophile ring.
Arden increased the speed of his striding, bolstered by the elastic but reliable marrow of memory (a biological component within his bones). His two wonderful girls (whom he was sorely missing).
His made-just-then decision to hire an Indian nanny with serious martial arts qualifications.
But then he humbled himself a little, slowed pace a little, and began to study that mass of noisy Indians around him on the crowded streets of “SoBo,” as wealthy South Bombay is sometimes referred to by the trendsetting youth who were likely to be loitering there. Like him, they were pedestrians sallying forth with validity and self-important purpose, whilst trying very hard and respectfully not to step on any of the sleeping pavement dweller’s exposed feet or sore-covered hands. Homeless people made the sidewalks an obstacle course.
He thus looked at these other pedestrians that bumped into or milled around him, not from a position of intellectual or scientific authority, but from the position of a peer. Fellow people walking, they were. People who, like he, were also taking advantage of the cool of the approaching evening and had decided to do so upon trouble-free foot.
Pressed almost shoulder to shoulder at times, a cursory glance said to Arden that they were all the same. In face and tincture so very alike: All brown skinned pores with glistening sebum; all black hair, straight and metallic; all obsidian eyes, bottomless and unknowable.
He reflected on how different they were to the well-spaced proponents of individualism populating the well-spaced streets of his hometown in one of the safer, outer suburbs of LA. There, a multitude of physical phenotypes was always on display: Red-necked, white-armed trailer trash; seriously armed African American gangsta rappers; hard-nosed expat Taiwanese and Korean ‘Mom and Pop’ small business men and women (armed with an always loaded shotgun close at hand behind the shop counter); Glock-packing Middle-Eastern PhD geniuses reduced to driving taxis and more … and more … and the memory made him marvel at the material diversity - the tossed salad of racial genes - that comprised his fellow Californians.
Here in Mumbai, however, he felt like a white-skinned oddity, attracting glances that turned into stares, and prompting Sari-clad mothers to scold their children for pointing at the strange looking foreigner.
That they all seemed perfectly happy to look alike disappointed him. In the States, a unique look is highly valued and many examples of non-genetic caused variations in physical appearance could be seen at the local shopping mall, the main street or wherever young people were allowed to congregate.
There could be found all the body modification sub-cultures living in or near Arden’s suburb: From the Los Angelino who, although nostalgic for punk, was working towards a similarly anarchic New Order involving radical piercing, scarring or branding, which the owners proudly flaunted like religious stigmata; to the plastic surgeon who carved and chiseled the no longer perky Californian girls (with a husband’s money) into something more resembling a Barbie doll; to the tattooed, self-designed, living canvases of LA’s underground. Works of art to some, or, in the eyes of others, a one man, one woman or one transgendered freak show.
Of course, if pressed Arden could discern the subtle differences in the Mumbaikar crowd: The melanin that tans under the sun and colors their skin was no uniform ‘brown’, nor a consistent or specific color. There was a wide range and multitude of shades of coffee colored skin, from fawny, soft sparrow (Cafe au lait, Mademoiselle?) to dark, russet chocolate (Espresso, monsieur?).
If further pressed he could even point out all the subtle variations in the Indian woman’s eye shape, from inviting almonds to knife-slash slits. All perfectly capable of being transformed into irresistible Sex Kitten eyes through the expert application of Kajal, or as we know it in the West, ‘Kohl’, the simple dark brown or black eyeliner that transforms ordinary female eyes into exotic pools of limpid desire. And then such eyes could be further glammed up by the addition of a fringe of mascara-tipped lashes.
And he could list the differences in hair-styles he had seen: Hair and beards dyed orange from Henna, a style inexplicably popular with older men who prefer ginger or yellow whiskers over white; Buddhist monk novices and their bristled, shaven heads; others with hair as fuzzy and unwashed as rusty old steel wool, rubbed and rolled into greasy, grubby dreadlocks; Hip Hop Crew crew cuts; and a growing percentage of fashion-conscious young women whose hairstyles were sleek, long, straightening wand jobs from the corner beauty salon. He made lists daily and filed them mentally.
Others, he noted, were not so shallow as to allow fickle fashion to dictate the appearance of their hair and were not interested in anything but letting it grow uncut. The Sikhs, for example, honor their male Singh or female Kaur elder’s religious decrees to keep their heads unshorn – and they do so for life.
But increasingly, urban young Indian men were rejecting the hairstyles of their family’s religion and were now almost uniformly adopting the short back and sides. Usually associated with conservative business types, governmental bureaucrats or statesmen with an International Circuit to complete, this trend was growing, even if the most common international business deal for a young, male Mumbaikar only ever involved being judged by the just-arrived average American tourist as the one in the crowd who had the most apparent English fluency, and was thusly chosen to carry the bags.
But what started off as a simple business task such as bag-handling this morning could quite possibly be extended to that afternoon, and the aspiring Indian international business-man maybe even gets hired by that average American tourist as a guide and translator for the entire next day, or next week or next month. That counted as International business dealing, surely, and ‘International Bag-handler’ was listed on many an entrepreneurially successful Indian’s early CV. Straight black hair, short back and sides with a part, many of them. Conservative looks.
Unfortunately, some of those same average Americans who like and then employ speakers of English with conservative hairstyles still confuse the peace-loving Sikh’s Dastar with hated Osama bin Laden’s head-wear (The Dastar, which instantly identifies the wearer as a Sikh, and most definitely not an Arab, also serves a most practical purpose in keeping Mr. Singh’s life-long rope of hair neatly coiled atop his head). Sikhs were also more likely than Arabs to keep their beards in check with a face net. Nevertheless, the American expat Sikh community suffered much redneck bullying and ignorant harassment from ‘average’ Americans in the first few years after the terrorism of 9/11.
But for this particular Westerner, Dr Arden Pyle, it took an actual introduction, preferably complete with a firm handshake and even an exchange of name cards, before that particular Mumbaikar could take a step out of the amorphous Indian mass and assume any real individuality in his eyes. Their number was far too great for anything else to be feasible, he rationalized.
Yet it was then, when a formal introduction had been conducted in this maximally crowded city where people were so poor their religion and their honor were their most valued possessions, that the typical Mumbaikar once again proved to Arden that her/his existence was entirely mythological. Typical Mumbaikars? No such thing. And religious freaks were everywhere.
A complete introduction would, in some way or other, at least infer the religion of both parties, if their dress code etc. had not already done so. Hence, regardless of physical similarities, the variety in Indian religious culture is such that there is no-one who is truly typical of Mumbai. The streets of this steaming, heady conurbation thrive with the proponents of more than a hundred different strains of maybe thirty different faiths, and most are worn like badges of honor, and are also keenly subjected to various strict and demanding protocols. India is, indeed, the birthplace of four of the world’s major spiritual traditions: Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism.
And because the Indians are great orators;
And because the Indians are great rabble-rousing revolutionaries;
And because the Indians are great usurpers and arguers; there is now a mind-boggling multitude of dissenting sects, schools and sub-schools of divinity in Mumbai.
The most common and visible, of course, are those well-known arch enemies: The Hindus and the Islamists. These two adversaries, with family grievances that could be hundreds of years old, make up about 67 % and 19 % respectively of India’s population.
While believers in Jesus Christ lead most Western country’s statistical breakdown of its resident’s religions, Christians in India only account for a tiny 2.3 % of the entire population. The census figures for Atheists, the antithetical opponents of organized religion (and, because they are such brave, questioning intellectuals, opponents of many other “isms” as well), can safely assumed to be very, very small indeed in India.
Whatever way it may be that Indian Atheists choose to dress, the range of religious attire to be witnessed on any Mumbai street or laneway, however, is breath-taking: Men’s colorful or pure-white combinations of Dhotis, Kurtas and Pagris abound, whilst the well-to-do women (when they make their infrequent ventures outside the family home), take pride in wearing their favorite brocaded Saris and sequined Shalwars; virtuous black Burkas or monk-like, pointy hooded Gandooras. That little patch of flesh exposed between the eyebrows usually wears a forehead Bindi, and nose studs and chains in all degrees of complexity are installed like alien appendages.
Alien-looking, perhaps, but each variation functions to lend the wearer some extra means of identification with their supernatural faith.
Religion is undeniably important in determining who you are and how you should live your life in India, but what is also undeniable is the ever-present, ever-simmering vein of discontent between the differing faiths, as many of these poverty-stricken votaries live their meager lives according to the precept that they might willingly die or kill for their religion. Or perhaps, the precept is that they not only should but must die or kill for their religion. With every mendacious, cheek-flexing smile they reveal their crimson to claret-colored gums but hide their generations-old vendettas of zealous hatred.
Sometimes, when Arden looked about at the obviously pious, he morbidly imagined he was seeing people who viewed him straight back as one thing only: The Hated Infidel. He morosely imagined they had come to Mumbai to find cathartic release for that religious bile, since Bollywood always was and always will be a factory for the most blatant of lies regarding honorable, rewarding, affluent lifestyles and thus is an irresistible target for the jealously vindictive.
Rightly or wrongly, Arden saw only the itinerant Sannyasi, those venerable, near-naked ascetics who wander from village to village with bowl and stick, as truly peaceful Indians.
They were the purest of the pure, holding no grudges, aspiring to no goals, no longer beset by the weight and expectation of societal constructs or even, in some cases, by organized religion itself. Waking with the sunrise, sleeping with the sunset. They didn’t beg and they proffered no thanks. They were simultaneously below and above everyone.
But in addition to Mumbai’s fascinating populace, Arden also saw the sunset exercising its ostentatious creativity through a smoggy, uncertain sky, streaming like still runny egg whites, working like a gel clipped into place over the lights in a movie studio. It made the foliage of Malabar Hill smolder before him green and then greener still.
Seconds later and the sky had metamorphosed into a shifting sheet of purple as the bold night chased down the tired day, much the way a heavily armed fascist hunts down an honest, well-meaning citizen, thought Arden, stopping to jot down that metaphor in one of his many ever-present notebooks.
This leafy Malabar Hill is old Bombay money he also noted: An exclusive enclave characterized by rambling, once sumptuous Victorian-era mansions that had somewhat gone to disorder. With the bureaucratic slowness of Last Will and Testament executors, often complicated by legal challenges by disgruntled heirs, the neglect of time meant many of these colonial manors now sport awesome jungle-like vines, long and tangled Bougainvillea creepers, fin-rooted fig trees and spreading Banyans with low-hanging, fibrous beards. In fact, the rambling estates up on Malabar Hill hide many pockets of untended, micro-wilderness. SoBo, with its gleaming government offices, picture-card perfect Art Deco buildings, its iconic Bombay Stock Exchange and the premier business district, Nariman Point, has a distinctly different mood and resonance to the flashier new money of the Northern suburbs. At the opposite end of Mumbai is where new money builds, an area stretching from Mehboob Movie Studios in Bandra to the Film City Studios in far-north Goregaon.
No cardboard, plastic and string shanties are located amongst the verdant frondescence of Malabar Hill (although high-rise apartment blocks grow in number, as if the Spirit of Everest has discovered the disease of concrete, reinforced steel and double glazing). And yet the many remaining family fortresses each usually still employ a bored Chowkidar on duty by the shaded main gate-house who, like a barely competent Major Domo with frayed epaulettes, protects the inhabitants from any uninvited reminder of the real Mumbai, even as the wet mould and mildew invades with ease. The no longer lavish buildings might prompt the less charitable observer to laugh, Schadenfreude-like, given the contrast between the grand but useless opulence of this rich hillside commune in which they are roosted and the hard-bitten, but above all, practical squalor of the poorer suburbs.
The chawls and slums of lesser Mumbai are home to the more candid, and therefore more respectable, to some, of human existences. Nobody got a Malabar Hill address without having engaged in some lucrative form of illegal capital raising (the courts call it ‘Money laundering’ these days, and there are accountants by the hundreds whose job was to deliberately obfuscate the details of questionable business activities in near-incomprehensible legalese). In reality, corruption and criminality had funded nearly every Malabar Hill construction or real estate acquisition.
But Arden was unable to criticize with any real moral superiority what he accepted as a universal sign of human frailty, that weakness being an individual’s misplaced pride in his or her material prosperity and well-founded fearfulness over that possession’s transience, for the Malabar Hill houses were created out of the frantic need to impress. But the ability to impress always slinks wearily away, despite injections of finance adrenaline. 
Instead, Arden sighed with disenchantment, because nothing disappointed him as much as viewing upon the marbled mausoleums of wealth all shored up with fountains and servants and graveled driveways in a desperate pretense at The Good Life. Mumbai is, after all, the place that the Indian people themselves call Mayanagri, the City of Illusions, and living an illusion is a choice that very few of us can sustain for long. In the cinemas it’s around 100 minutes. In one’s daydreams the illusion can be eternal.


CHAPTER TWO.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Just as a fire is covered by smoke and a mirror is obscured by dust, just as the embryo rests deep within the womb, wisdom is hidden by selfish desire” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

In contrast to those opulent crown jewels of moneyed residential Mumbai, the Malabar Hill mansions, Arden’s little hotel was modest and unassuming in appearance and that was perfectly alright by him.
On most days, at the less than rarefied street level of The Goodwin Arms, a dust-grey Sannyasi holy man could be seen squatting beneath the crisscrossed, feathery fronds of an old Golmohur tree. Boldly positioned right in front of the hotel, he was naked but for his long beard, the briefest and limpest of loincloths, a top-to-toe powder coating of ashes and a sprinkling of green forest from above. Like wedding confetti, the flora was freely shed by the loving branches upon its shaded devotee.
His gorgon head of greasy locks seemed to shimmer and his irises glowed golden with a burning passion for the mystical. The Golmohur tree adored him and caressed him with its shade and did what it could to ease the pain and fire of his religious ardor. Arden could be quite hesitant and shy at times and always found the man intimidating in a way he couldn’t quite explain. He was grateful the old sage was not intent on improving his English conversational skills.
As abstemious as he was, the Sannyasi had yet to renounce the entire secular world, however, for he jealously guarded his one modern possession: A battery operated, crackly transistor radio which on that day was broadcasting typically inane commentary about the cricket game, or ‘test’, between India and Australia.
Usually featuring the honeyed vocal stylings of a polished Hindi commentary team, the radio station was taking a break from proceedings to interview the visiting commentators. A professional sports mumbler was making racist asides in his intolerably superior, ultra-white, South African accented English, implying in his clumsy way that the Indian cricketers were eating steroid-spiked curry during the drinks breaks. Arden winced at the unsubtle, disparaging remarks from such a so-called professional sports announcer, who many considered to be one of the sporting world’s highest paid morons.
He also noted from the painfully dull on-air ramblings that his de-facto home team Australia, captained by the baby-faced Ricky Pointing, was struggling (despite the near-invisibility of the sport back in the States, Arden had become familiar with the Commonwealth’s obsession and his Australian family-in-law’s ‘faith’ that is the hallowed sport of Cricket): The Indian side had an almost unassailable lead, and the Holy Man was all grins and head waggles as the musical thwack of willow against leather indicated the Indians had hit the Australians for yet another six.
The Holy Man apparently assumed all Westerners, by the cruel fate of not being Indians themselves, then must naturally be supporting Australia, the reigning Kings of International Cricket. The old man cackled before he defiantly began to sing a few heavily accented bars of that unofficial Antipodean beer jingle cum sports anthem: “Come on, Aussie, come on, come on!” Arden didn’t know if the chant had any verses and even though his wife was a dedicated fan of the sport, if grilled by any authority figure, he would have to admit his own sporting interests were more Super Bowl oriented.
Although the usually distant and venerable Sannyasi made him feel awkward in his own never-ending materialism and gauche film industry devotion, Arden could live with the inequity. He simply accepted the social imbalance that made the old spiritualist respected and tolerated here in India, although he’d be considered a weird and dangerous madman elsewhere.
This attitude made him feel somehow more human, for the naked, squatting subject was apparently satisfied and un-harried (as long as his transistor radio batteries were sufficiently charged). The ash-covered mystic was better off than most, emotionally and psychically, and eventually his presence lost its ability to arouse any shame in Arden’s colonial sensitivities. Self-guilt at the prosperity he was born into sometimes filled him with near-crippling ignominy, but Arden Pyle could see both sides of the coin that he guessed the old man had tossed long ago, and who had lived thenceforth with devotion to his frugal calling. He respected that devotion.
Less easy to ignore were the plaintive-eyed, rags-for-clothes, beggar children outside his hotel who formed a gauntlet he daily had to run, their outstretched hands grasping and tugging at his shirt-sleeves and their pleading voices falling on him like the lashes of a whip woven from lymph-drenched strips of his own culpability, or at best, his ‘I don’t want to know about it’ apathy.
Why didn’t he give more when he had the chance to back home? The charity telethons. The sponsor-a-child programs. The whole We Are The Freaking World thing. Why did he find it so easy to ignore when Stateside?
It was the close-ups of their needy faces that did it. Here, you could feel their need. His heart was not carved from a granite wall and it pained him to imagine their sorrow filled, utterly hopeless futures, but he also knew that if he gave even one child any real money then he would be immediately swamped by an equally deserving crowd of the beggar’s peers, and thus he had settled on a prudent, pragmatic policy.
When he left his hotel he handed each child-obstacle a single paisa coin, noted their face (crestfallen, insulted, resentful, naturally enough), and just as deliberately and slowly handed out a single paisa to the next child in the line-up.
They soon got the message that this Gora, although undoubtedly a white-skinned foreigner, simply wasn’t worth the effort in terms of monetary gain. He always, however, gave the kids plenty of sweets, satisfied in the knowledge they would be eaten and not collected by the thugs and money-grubbing Goondas who, Fagan-like, organized the kids into bands of professional thieves and beggars.
Despite always making the universal gestures indicating they were hungry, such as pursed fingers against lips or flattened palms rubbing distended bellies, they always showed signs of disappointment as well. But Arden also often saw genuine smiles grip their tiny faces when he looked back and witnessed the little children gobbling down the candies with pleasure. Others, mindful of the impermanence of the windfall, sucked slowly and carefully.
Were they calculating how long they could make their sugary stash last?
Then there was the young woman who always presented with an emaciated baby on her hips. She doggedly followed him for blocks whenever he left the hotel. It was as if the Goonda in charge of that district’s beggars had studied his American prey closely and then pulled out his big guns, sending this most pitiful of all tableaus to approach him, assail him and accost him.
The woman was simply the master pathetic-obstacle and her sick-looking baby always brought a choking gasp to Arden’s lips. Twice he gave the woman a few banknotes. But he would not be cowed and the third time she confronted him he was prepared. The rich but stingy American had brought the begging woman three tins of formula milk instead of what would have been a less-charitable donation of legal tender.
He could just imagine the look of disgust on the local crime lord’s face, livid at the woman’s failure when told of Arden’s gesture. It must have worked because Arden never saw that particular mother and child again.
In contrast to the crooks who heavied scrawny little children and mothers with malnourished babes into panhandling Westerners such as Arden, the proprietors of The Goodwin Arms, who were a hard-working family from North-west Gujarat, were scrupulous in their dealings with their foreign guest and in return he always paid his rent on time.
Nevertheless, he also always closely inspected any bottled water he bought from the hotel’s room service for the presence of a broken seal (which indicated to the wary foreigner that it could be an empty refilled with Mumbai’s bacteria-laden free faucet water) and the irrigating supply from The Arms had so far never proved counterfeit.
In another Indian hotel he had not been so cautious and a recycled bottle of such tainted hydration (which had been carefully resealed by adept, unseen hands with an invisible drop of superglue) earned the unscrupulous vendor 10 rupees for this surprisingly commonplace act of biological terrorism and earned Arden a severe, crippling case of gastroenteritis.
Even with the prescribed anti-diarrhea medication, he still spent four days running back and forth to the can. When his paper supply ran out, his days became a blur of constant bum spraying and washing. The rumbling of his bowels dictated his life with liquid urgency and he lost five kilos in bodyweight that week alone.
Although Arden’s modest suite at The Arms was on the fourth floor, he often lingered for a minute on the landing of the second, for it was in Suite 201 that he had first discovered the dainty Chandy took refuge. Suite 201 of The Goodwin Arms was what he imagined she rebelliously called her home away from the family home (the parental manor which would prove, if she acquiesced under inquisition, to be no more than a one room, tin and plastic sheet-walled shack in the hellishly crowded slums under a highway overpass in the otherwise mostly spiffy district around Cuffe Parade. She had never considered it her family home as she had grown up traveling all over the countryside, changing schools or undertaking home-schooling, and now the Cuffe Parade slums were her father’s residence and not hers).
Arden longed to look inside Suite 201 and see exactly how a fifteen-year old tear-a-way decked out her special, secret retreat. He was amazed - and quietly impressed - at the fact that someone so young could afford to be so independent and yet he always felt guilty, standing there like a stalker, waiting for her angel-like materialization. He blushed like a slapped octopus if some other resident came unexpectedly down the stairs and he tried not to make guilt-confirming eye-contact.
At his own door eventually, Arden stooped to collect a folded note left lying on the floor. It was an envelope-sized handbill advertising his friend Salahudden’s new business venture. He hadn’t seen this particular piece of self-promotion before and was surprised by its glossy professionalism. There were neither spelling mistakes nor glaring grammatical errors. He concluded that Salahudden must have finally found a rich stooge to back him and felt happy for his pal. The leaflet read:
“STAR TOURS OF BOLLYWOOD - SEE THE HOMES OF ALL YOUR FILMI IDOLS!” 
Arden knew the word “FILMI” was no typographical error. The word was part of the common Bollywood vernacular and had been for decades.
There were low resolution, black and white pictures of Photo-shopped faces Arden half-recognized. They were posed shots of several of Bollywood’s hottest actors and actresses and their pics were positioned beneath the capitalized banner headline. Arden wondered if Sala even knew the meaning of the term ‘copyright’ as he knew the images were jpegs Salahudden had easily - but illegally - downloaded from the web at a local Internet Cafe.
On the back of what his fellow Americans would have called ‘junk mail’ (for Sala had left copies of the ad under all the doors at The Arms) was a hand-written message:
“Keystone in the fifth and Basith in the sixth, tomorrow. It is, this time, a sure to be thing, as you Westerners are liking to say it. You can be thanking me later, your good friend, Salahudden C.”
Arden was not at all interested in the horse racing tip, but he speculated for a moment as to what point the activities of a tour bus full of movie fans chasing glimpses of residences of the stars might over step the line and become a bus full of stalkers. Then he remembered he was in India and not Beverly Hills, California. Yes, he was in India, where things are done - or not done - differently. Privacy is neither a God nor Constitution-given right in a land with a population of around 1.4 billion.
He sighed with cheerful resignation, pocketed the handbill and entered his luxuriously un-crowded rooms, throwing his black leather satchel onto the cool wood grain of the traditionally Maharashtra-styled carved sideboard. His satchel contained the following: two unopened 100 gram packets of flossy dried pork; one hard copy of the latest draft of his play script (with numerous penciled notes, like spidery feedback, in the palimpsest margins); one mobile phone with room for only another seven numbers in its memory; one opened half liter plastic bottle of mineral water; one match box-sized container of breath mints; one difficult 1904 German novel by Karl May with a controversial cover (Christus oder Muhammed by artist Sascha Schneider), which was occasionally pulled out to impress onlookers but which he never intended to read; and the current edition of Bollywood’s glossy Cine-Blitzen magazine, which he did read.
After closing the window against the oily odor of the garbage-strewn laneway below and turning the air conditioning up to full blast, he collapsed onto his bed, which had been expertly made by the maid in his absence. He still didn’t know her name and wondered how many mouths the elderly lady and her tiny income from cleaning were feeding.
Arden vowed to give her a generous tip the next time they crossed paths.
These two small rooms of Suite 401 were where he sometimes met travelers who he hoped to employ and where he had even tacked an official looking sign that read ‘Casting Office’ to the front of his door (soon, if permitted, he might even allow himself the vanity of a brass name plaque on the street-front below).
If still suspicious of his extras-recruiting credentials, jittery tourists could be put at ease by witnessing the glass and steel framed 8 inch x 10 inch photograph of him shaking hands with fellow American actor Charlie Sheen and, next to it, his PhD imprimatur from the University of Chapel Dale, both of which were hung in pride of place on the wall opposite the two and a half seater in his cozy little sitting room.
When Carol and Chloe arrived, of course, he would no longer have that professional luxury of working from home, as he often did, taking full advantage of The Arms’ free Wi-Fi. The domesticity of Man, Wife and Child would then reign supreme in Suite 406 and he would become its reluctant servant.
But by that stage, he would hopefully have secured himself a permanent Casting Office at Megalopolitan Film City, and he would have successfully cultivated two Ardens: Arden No. 1 for the Studio Lot and Arden No. 2 for the home and family waiting at The Arms.
As he lay on his bed he could hear the thin screams of fish kites outside his window as they looped their saltwater songs in the humid soup of Mumbai’s evening air.
He wondered what had brought the needle talon-ed birds away from the fine dining of the seashore, where the waves smacked and curled white against the stony breakwaters. The pummeling water slowly wore away the grey and white scribble of gull droppings and tossed up green sea-lettuces dressed with sodium chloride into the airy mist.
But even as Arden pictured that gentle, almost bucolic scene his inventive mind rebelled, chaotically, and threatened to wander elsewhere. ‘Man, oh, man! Boy, oh, boy! I must persevere!’ he admonished himself, for he knew full well where his mind would drift and he decided, stoically, to fight the ramble of his unchecked (yet entirely predictable) thoughts.
Thus, in order not to cloud his head with the usual visions of the lovely, the irresistible Chandy, whom he nobly, forcibly, doggedly reminded himself was a juvenile and was therefore not to be seen as a sex object in any way, shape or form, Arden focused his thoughts on Salahudden, who was the inspiration for a significant character in the play he was writing.
It was, or was becoming, a stunningly perceptive piece of theater which someday the world would read, perform and perhaps even applaud … 
Sala was his real-life friend, the albino Indian from Tamil Nadu, and had inspired the depiction of his lead antagonist, a professional dog-handler with an anger management problem, and Arden wrote many of his eccentric mate’s mannerisms into the life of the stageplay. The personalities and their roles in his theatrical Magnum Opus changed with each new draft, but in the final scene of this most up-to-date version the cast all stood transfixed by the large brown deposit left in the middle of the stage by the prize Standard Poodle bitch the Salahudden-inspired character was showing. (The poodle, of course, was a character he had - for convenience’s sake - named Chandy. He had yet to decide exactly what kind of bitch the high-stepping, black-coiffed Standard Poodle in his play was).
Arden had written successful plays before, and he had high hopes for this one. He knew how to develop a narrative arc and when to rebel against the rules, Kane-like, and write something unexpected.
Of course, the razor-sharp witted antagonists would goad the upstanding protagonists, an impasse would be met, as playful banter or vicious repartee bounced back and forth like a doubles match in Chinese table tennis.
There would be the all important turning point, sign-posting the plot’s climax, and, for example, changing the failing hero’s fortunes and thus signaling the third act and/or finale.
All through the current draft of Arden’s play, the actors had blithely skirted around both the giant, steaming dog turd - still front and center stage in Act 3 - and the pressing, steaming social and political issues of the day (reflecting, Arden hoped, upon the absurdity of popular fashion and the shallow, all-pervading emphasis on youthful prettiness in the mass media of contemporary Western society, where spin doctors hover like flies around feces).
This commercial business of sexualizing children would be the ‘shit’, in his play, that would ‘hit the fan’, and hard questions would be asked of society. Child beauty pageants were a particularly well-deserving target of his biting satire, as he developed a sub-plot involving the designer puppy industry. “Labradoodles, indeed!” remarks one character. Puppies. Children. Get it?
But make no mistake, the canine subjects of his play, being as well fleshed out as they were, bore absolutely no relation at all to the jumpy, whining pie-dogs that roam the back streets of Mumbai.
Such a pack of curs had nearly cornered Arden late one night already, dispersing only when three energetic teenage Indians took umbrage at the inequity of a lowly animal attacking a more spiritually evolved being.
These fearless saviors of his were never informed of Arden’s atheist convictions, but they threw their stones and whacked the dogs with sticks and a fervor that needed no holy book to explain.
Hackles heaped high and yellow eyes burning, the homeless, un-vaccinated, non-micro-chipped and un-collared canine residents of this city were not to be toyed with. These near-wild dogs were always hungry, always unpredictable, and as bold as hyenas when running in a pack. Unlike the characters in Arden’s play, there was nothing satirical about their gnashing bite, either. Rather, as Salahudden continually warned him, it was and still is very, very dangerous to play with street dogs for amongst other potential afflictions, the disease of rabies remains rife on the streets of Mumbai.
And what of Salahudden? Despite his grotesquely white appearance, Arden always looked forward to his company, for the colorless freak was not beset with rabies, although he was known to snarl on occasion. Salahudden was an effervescent personality who aroused much in the way of artistic inspiration, and this, as he transcribed his friend’s casual utterances onto foolscap or laptop, reassured him of the importance of his play writing. This thought was processed even as he sardonically realized the economic insignificance of writing for the theater compared to writing for the screen, where he more reliably found his livelihood and which film-making activity paid his rent in a way no yet-to-be published play could.
Artistic integrity and financial considerations aside, Salahudden had secured a place in Arden’s thoughts as he was indirectly responsible for his first meeting with Chandy. Arden had not always lived in such close vicinity to the beguiling girl, and in addition to much literary inspiration he owed his first glimpse of she (whom he secretly called ‘The Goddess of Jailbait Temptation’) to his albino friend.
He fondly recalled his first ever experience of Salahudden, which had been in the dormitory corridor of the Salvation Army’s Red Shield Guest House on Mereweather Road in Colaba, and although it was memorable, it was not immediately cordial.
At 195 rupees per night the Red Shield was one of the cheapest dorm beds in Mumbai, but still quite expensive compared to most shared accommodation in other Indian cities. It was not a particularly salubrious establishment but indolence and the fact he knew not where else to go kept him lodging there, until the day, that is, when he met the inimitable Salahudden.
He was retiring to the Red Shield late one night after a long day corralling his white-skinned extras around two Film City sets, and Arden was so exhausted he wanted nothing more than a soft bed and a snugly inserted pair of earplugs.
Arden had never before noticed a pile of dirty white towels outside the door to his dorm. It must be some tenant vacating, he thought, as he fumbled with his keys.
Then he noticed that, rather unusually, there was snoring out there in the hall.
Indeed, it was the large mound of unwashed linen that had started to snore quite loudly.
Courageously for Arden, he peered in close and saw that the pile of laundry was, in fact, a white-skinned, white-haired Indian man dressed in a woman’s white, imitation satin nightgown.
Arden gave the lump a friendly nudge with his foot, at which intervention the heap stirred and opened its eyes, revealing the bright pink of two blurry retinas, exposed as they were by the pigment-free irises above them.
A second later and the melanin-poor eye lids had slammed shut, rending the pink retinas solidly hidden again.
“Excuse me, but are you a paying guest?” Arden asked, fully expecting an aggressive answer in the negative, and not knowing all the while if he had the guts to call the Red Shield’s manager. He got no response so Arden carefully asked the reasonable question again. This time he got a response.
“Fuck off.”
“You know you really can’t sleep out here in the hall.”
The pink retinas were again revealed, reminding Arden of the beady pink-red eyes of a pet guinea pig he had accidentally killed as a child. He had given it a bath one evening (although towel dried, the unfortunate little rodent still froze to death overnight in its outdoors hutch). These similarly pink retinas glared and they seemed to be accusing him of his juvenile misdemeanor.
Of course, Arden was mistaken entirely as to the thoughts and motives of the man curled up at his feet. All the man wanted was to be left alone and instead he was being bothered by, of all people, a foreigner.
“You can be going to hell, Gora!,” the load of washing grumbled, somehow managing to combine the sing-song of Indian English with the tuneless-ness of intoxicated indifference. His thesis so cogently argued he yawned like a bear before rolling over and resuming his repose exactly as before, complete with snores and throat rattles.
“Look, I’m going to have to call the management,” Arden said, giving the heap another quasi-friendly nudge, but exercising all due prudence.
This news seemed to spur the unusual looking man into action. He sat bolt upright, shook his head vigorously, glanced down at his feminine attire with surprise, then back to Arden with a sleep-clouded expression of momentary confusion.
He burped and it was then, with that belch of overpoweringly bad breath, that Arden correctly diagnosed the albino man’s advanced state of inebriation.
“Where is being my suit?” the man dressed like an inexperienced transvestite yelled with a noticeable slur, and the door to the twin room opposite instantly opened wide, as if stating that the person making the door open was not the least bit intimidated by the drunk albino who was now on his hands and knees in the hallway.
There, taking up most of the width of the doorway, Arden saw a rather overweight African American girl, in her early thirties perhaps, and most likely a prostitute, he surmised. She was wrapped in a large, pink bath towel and a thick alcoholic haze.
“You still here, you foockin’ animal?” she whined with just enough aggression to appear simultaneously threatening and frightened.
From the accent Arden quickly reappraised her nationality. She was a British guttersnipe, not one of the less genteel American breed of trailer trash he first ungenerously pegged her as. Her lily white-skinned friend had no illusions either about her social status, and, as his face threatened to blow apart with anger, he bellowed: “Give it to me my suit, you slut! Give! Give!”
This the black call-girl proceeded to do, with terrifying venom, one item at a time.
“Does ya mean this foockin’ jacket, does ya, luv?”
The garment was thrown out, viciously. Into the hallway it went, landing on and upturning an ashtray filled to overflowing with cigarette butts. The resultant mess was appalling, a stinking mess.
“Shoes too, I suppose, luv?”
The left one went in a Southerly direction down the hallway.
Its black, rubber-soled partner took flight in a Northerly direction up the hallway.
Underwear, trousers, shirt and tie quickly followed, each accompanied by a fresh flurry of screamed obscenities, curses and flying woman spittle. Arden was unused to such feminine rage being expressed in India so shamelessly and uncensored.
He was amazed the management - and the other patrons - were tolerating the disturbance. Maybe they thought she was armed or otherwise dangerous, because even though she was screaming the Queen’s English at her dissatisfied client, few of the entire establishment now awake could be expected to understand the Scottish accented version of English she was using to communicate with.
“Well now, what a classy lady that one is!,” Arden stated with undisguised sarcasm and more than a little false bravado, once it was clear the woman was finished with her diatribe, and had firmly bolted the door behind herself.
“Lady? A beastly whore, she is! So too wery cheap and too wery nasty … And just my type!”
The man with a complexion like congealing egg albumen chuckled at his self-deprecating humor and proceeded to collect his clothes, expertly dressing as he went. He shook the cigarette butts from his jacket tails as if he’d done the same a hundred times before.
Arden resisted the urge to laugh at the man’s mispronunciation of the word ‘very’, for it was a common enough linguistic error in India. He pulled himself together instead and guardedly muttered to the air: “Well, anyway, you really should be going.”
“And who the hell are you being? The bloody tourist police? Bahinchudh!”
He seemed to be getting soberer with every passing minute, but what should have been an improvement was making him no less unpleasant to Arden.
However, as the albino knotted his silk turquoise tie with flying pink fingers, Arden couldn’t help but be impressed.
Even in his distracted state, the intoxicated man in front of him was unusually well-dressed. That is, for an Indian in a flophouse such as the Red Shield. 
Even if it did charge 195 rupees a night, and, yes, even if the bleach-skinned man spoke like a cliché from a 1970s BBC TV sitcom:
“That’s what I am getting for tom-foolering with the cheap broads and the such like!” he said by way of elucidation, his voice still singing.
His alcoholically produced bliss now seemingly blown, the albino was no longer slurring, and seemed about to adopt a more restrained attitude. He certainly didn’t look homeless or destitute anymore, either, for his suit was a snazzy metallic blue, which matched somehow with his lilac shirt and turquoise tie, the vibrant colors of his costume probably an unconscious response to nature’s curse of melanin-free skin, the amateur psychologist in Arden’s own psychological makeup guessed.
The American reluctantly nodded as if that were all the communication required and tried to concentrate not on the man’s pallid features but on the blue-green gloss of the albino’s turquoise necktie, which was really quite captivating in its vivid contrast to the tinny blue of his two piece, off the boutique rack, polyester and metallic threaded suit. The clothes shone like a beetle’s carapace.
Unfortunately, the insecure Indian seemed to take Arden’s ready acquiescence as a challenge. As if unplugging a dike, he let go almost all restraint, embarking on a tirade so voluminous Arden felt it was sure to bring its female subject back into the hallway:
“Please to let me make it perfectly clear: No black bitch, hootchie-kootch negro, black woman insults Salahudden Chamchawale and gets away with it!”
He further asserted acrimoniously, “Not on a day when I can be getting her ugly face doused in acid for just two thousand rupees.”
The man looked ready to explode with rage as he shouted at the unresponsive closed door, before turning upon Arden once again.
“And I happen to have to my names much more than that mere sums. You are not believing me? Then look! Just look!”
To prove the point regarding his fiscal solvency, Salahudden Chamchawale extracted a thick wad of money from a hidden suit pocket and brandished it first (impotently), at the closed door, then (very intimidatingly), at Arden. Indeed, he waved the wad of US $100 notes right in close to Arden’s face. He did it the way a French nobleman seeks a duel - a duel in which the aim of both slapped and slapper was to regain his honor or redress some insult or social non-nicety by agreeing to a dawn meet, thence drawing pistols at twenty paces, and valiantly attempting to shoot each other dead. Still drunk, but settling their differences like civilized gents.
Fortunately for most honor-upholding potential duelists, the appointment makers were usually both passed out by dawn and had forgotten the original Faux pas anyway by the time they’d sobered up. And if they had both managed to keep the appointment, the accuracy of their shooting was so compromised by alcohol, an accurate hit was more fluke than skill.
Arden felt a similar challenge was about to be extended by the white-skinned, fancily dressed man arguing with him there in the Red Shield corridor. A duel was almost always demanded when the attentions of a beautiful woman were believed to be at stake, even though, as far as Arden was concerned, Sala had no competition for the overweight, British hooker from Arden anyway.
“I can tell it to you, Mr. Foreigner, you must not be unbraiding me with advice, for I inform you again that no woman is taking that manner of liberty with me and simply …”
Arden interrupted what he anticipated would be another aggressive, energy-sapping rant: “You’re absolutely right, Mr. Salahudden Chamchawale!”
Mr. Chamchawale trousered his money jealously and yet looked as if he was still considering a violent tantrum or expression of physical brutality. Salahudden’s height (five foot, two inches) not withstanding, he imposed with impressive muscularity (he was a regular lifter of bodybuilding weights), and Arden thought it prudent at that moment to look for an easy escape route.
Arden’s hope was well conceived and Salahudden suddenly surprised Arden with a grin so wide and bright it reminded him of the keys on a Hammond organ. He immediately proceeded to vigorously shake the American’s hand with an overly strong grip, as if his forearm strength might make up for his skin’s weakness in color.
Arden pretended he didn’t notice when his palm came away slightly slick with the other man’s perspiration.
Regardless, formal introductions were soon completed, and the albino was obviously impressed by Arden’s education and business qualifications, and the American could not help himself: The chest puffed out almost imperceptibly with pride.
“I am having to admit it, Dr Arden-bhai, but not for your arrival just to now, I would be breaking the bloody door down and causing a ruckus and a scene and a disturbance of the goodly peace. No whore is taking my good moneys for hanky panky and is treating me like that way! But I am grateful for timely intervention, for it has most likely saved me from committing the foul act of murder most foul!”
“Um, you’re welcome,” Arden mumbled, dully. Like it or not, it was obvious they were to become some sort of friends, or maybe acquaintances, although at this stage, ‘not’ was still Arden’s particular inclination. Yet with Sala’s personality reversal, Arden was beginning to expect the opposite of a challenge to duel, but rather a gift or personal endowment of some kind to express his gratitude for intervening as he had.
This time he was not mistaken, for Sala was a wiz at the track, and people were well advised to bet when he said a horse was a sure thing to win, and Sala commenced to reward Arden with a sure-fire tip.
“One good turn is deserving of another. Let me advise you of a wery sure thing in the second at Mahalaxmi racecourse on Wednesday. A two-year-old filly with the fine and dandy name of Bonza Raider. For the tip, you can be thanking me later, Dr Arden-bhai.”
Arden was unsure what to do with this information, which was indeed apparently being tendered as a gift. His hesitation, however, seemed to rile the agitated albino.
“You are not trusting me, is it? You are not valuing my good opinion, is it?”
Arden didn’t know how to answer and his vacillation further offended the ghostly white-skinned man. Salahudden’s fists tightened at his side.
“Would I be giving the bum tip?,” he demanded, his colorless brow furrowing into a death-mask of odium, his chest expanding with indignation.
“Would I be giving the bum tip, Dr Arden, Mr. Foreigner?”
Arden half expected him to spit on the floor with disgust, so great was his evident anger. Desperate, he tried to steer Salahudden towards the exit with the vigor of his mind, for he was a big believer in Extra Sensory Perception and other mental magic, but that tactic was thwarted by the power of his adversary’s own rampantly negative energy. And said energy was backed up by an unstoppable physical presence, an ability to stand rooted to the spot when all social niceties might subtly suggest an exit was called for. It is a skill many Indians have perfected (well-built or otherwise) and Arden relented.
“It’s not that I don’t trust your judgment,” he said weakly.
“Then why not taking my tip?”
“Alright, alright then, what’s the name of this sure thing again?” sighed Arden, giving in yet still hoping to simply placate the irascible fellow who had adopted what could easily have passed for a wrestler’s stance directly opposite him.
“Bonza Raider. In the second - write it down if you are needing to do it. I am having the inside tip. I am knowing the trainer and whatnot. Horse simply cannot to lose.”
“Is he Australian?” Arden inquired, hoping, with this forced pleasantry, that he might maneuver the man closer to the exit, or at least bring some closure to the conversation.
Salahudden raised his snowy eyebrows in surprise.
“Yes. How is it you are knowing this fact?”
“Bonza. It’s Aussie for good. Excellent. Ah … splendid, even,” Arden stumbled, “You see, my wife is an Aussie. Ah, that is, she’s from Australia.”
Arden was on the verge of stuttering, so threatening was the albino’s posture.
“Is that so? And what you are doing to here in the Mumbai without your Australian wife, Dr Arden-bhai?”
“I’m making a living in the Bollywood film industry.”
“You? You are Filmi Wallah, eh? You? FIL … MI … WAL … LAH! You?”
Salahudden roared out his skepticism: “What complete flapdoodle it is you are speaking it to me! What a coil of soggy old rope it is you are trying to sell it to me! What a load of the steaming codswallop it is you are presenting it to me!”
Salahudden paused to catch breath before continuing his invective:
“I am not for the single and not for the solitary minute believing you are Filmi Wallah, Mr. Foreigner.”
Arden felt somewhat resentful at this interestingly worded display of doubt, and even though he could care less if the man believed him or not, he decided to explain:
“I work with extras, you know, background actors. I run my own business. Recruiting white-skinned extras for movie scenes set in foreign places.”
Salahudden looked like he’d been instantly slapped in the face with a carefully aimed, ice-cold, dead sea-mullet. He blinked several times, and then scanned Arden up and down, as if seeing him for the first time.
“Dr Arden-ji … Sahib … You and I are needing to do the talking, for as you are with your own eyes seeing, I am the most white-skinned Indian in residence at Mumbai.”
Salahudden wobbled his head from side to side in that peculiarly Indian display of friendly pacifism, before shooting a double take at his watch.
“But not this moment right now. I will to be meeting with you later, and do not be forgetting: Bonza Raider in the second!”
With that, Salahudden Chamchawale was down the stairs and, despite his whiteness, fast disappearing into the warm, black night.
That first meeting with Salahudden was on the evening of the Monday. On the Thursday morning, as he stopped to buy The Times in India - and hence learned that India had won the second test against Australia in Mohali by a massive 320 runs and there was even talk of a half-day Indian public holiday to commemorate the victory - Arden was surprised to feel a tap on his shoulder. Wheeling around he came face to face with the spookily white skin of Salahudden once again.
“How is it going every things?” Salahudden growled, a colorless expression of malevolence seeming to cloud over his face, “I am wery much hoping you did not back Bonza Raider, my good Sir.”
But it wasn’t malevolence darkening his expression, rather, it was Salahudden’s remorse that was palpable. His whole posture wailed: “I’m sorry!”
Later Arden would learn that Salahudden’s pugnacity was a running joke with his friends, and they often times deliberately baiting him for entertainment, for none who knew the angry albino took his threatening demeanor seriously. Goading him into an outburst - be it either angry or gloomy - was always fun. Salahudden was like a wind-up toy when it came to emotional outbursts. A few twists of the key in his back and he’d be off, ranting, raving or weeping until the spring within him lost all tension and he lost all steam.
“It’s OK. It was only money, I am thinking,” Arden lied, while unwittingly slipping into the linguistic style of his interlocutor.
“But I am looking now for a more affordable address.”
Arden immediately regretted letting slip this information, for Salahudden seemed to take it on as his chance to perform his requisite good deed for the day. He immediately launched into a discussion with himself over the merits of various residential establishments, asking questions regarding one, answering with the opinion of another, before finally concluding:
“The Goodwin Arms. That is the place for a big-shot Filmi Wallah like you, Dr Arden-bhai, the wery good old Goodwin Arms. I am myself living there, with my brother and our cousins, so I am being in the know. Come, we will take ourselves to secure your lodgings at The Arms without the delay!”
“I’m not so sure, you see ...” Arden began, blinking tired eyes, but the albino bristled instantly, as if insulted, but then, in the wink of his pink eyes, once more was the abject picture of shame.
“I am supposing, that for you, my recommendation is not … After the Bonza Raider affair, you are, of course, entitled …Why should you even for the one minute listen to a loser such as I …”
Arden cut in, hoping to avoid another sullen harangue, and lied again:
“Well, I have heard of that hotel. I suppose it can’t hurt to go take a look!”
With Arden’s acceptance, Salahudden’s demeanor became once again effusively warm and welcoming. Laughing to himself inside at his new friend’s changeability, Arden allowed himself to be gently bullied in to a Bumble Bee taxi and thence to The Goodwin Arms, which was located not far from Malabar Hill in the conveniently located suburb of Gowalia Tank.
The Arms was where he suddenly became quite light-headed and felt the ligaments in his knees weaken, for he had just laid eyes on Chandy for the first time, as she descended the stairs from her room on the first floor, looking like a Bollywood angel enveloped by a cloud of Chambeli, Lavender and surrounded by what he could have sworn were gossamer-winged butterflies.
Arden had to pinch himself.
***
Lying spread-eagled on his bed, still dressed for work, not having ordered a supper, Arden sighed at the hopelessness of it all. In an effort not to think of Chandy, he had thought of Salahudden, and those thoughts had somehow brought him back to thinking of Chandy. And she lived just two floors beneath him ... “Hell!” he thought, “She might even be there right now!”
He hated himself for it, but Arden reached for the little plastic jar of Vaseline. It was where he knew it would be in his bedside chest of drawers and so he lowered his pants and clenched his lubricated fist until it resembled a fifteen-year-old Indian girl’s vagina.
Afterwards, he rolled over, and as he lay face down on his bed, seeking a thicker, deeper darkness to cover his ignominy, the shame began to slowly dissipate, for he realized that at least he had not acted upon his impulses and innate sexual drives in the real world. He was no pedophile in action. Apart from in the twisted, pliable bedrooms of his imagination, Chandy remained pure and unmolested.
Eventually, he lost all facial expression in the shape-molding, foam rubber of his pillow. Peace returned to his troubled mind, unanswered questions were forgotten, and Arden soon drifted into a thankfully dream-less sleep.


CHAPTER THREE.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “The senses have been conditioned by attraction to the pleasant and aversion to the unpleasant: a man should not be ruled by them; for they are obstacles in his path” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Having succumbed like Onan to his animal desires last night for the first time ever regarding Chandy, and even though the ravishment was imagined and only acted out by the fingers and palm of his right hand, Arden no longer even tried to check what directions his thoughts might take, and immediately he awoke the next day, still fully clothed, his unrestrained thoughts flooded back to Chandy. Back to that fateful and yet glorious morning when he first saw the gossamer butterflies that seemed to follow in Chandy’s very special wake. Recalling it was like re-enacting it, perfecting the memory of it.
Arden had promptly settled his bill at the Red Shield hostel with gratefully received cash, relinquishing his surprisingly highly-sought after, relatively expensive bed in the vast dormitory room to the next name on the waiting list (‘That’s strange,’ he thought, ‘They mentioned no waiting list when I arrived and gave me a bed straight away.’) and then, with the assistance of Salahudden, or Sala, as he was by then referring to him (adopting the Indian penchant for friendly abbreviation of first names), just as promptly completed his bivouac into his own new rooms at The Goodwin Arms. Two floors above her.
When Arden had finally came out of the coma induced by that first witnessing of Chandy, he turned to the grinning Desk Clerk, whose name tag identified him as “Mohan”, showed his passport, paid the deposit and advance rent, and prepared to trudge the three floors to his suite. Arden had few material possessions.
The two small rooms he unlocked at The Arms were decidedly superior lodgings, no doubt, but he almost halved again his accommodation expenses as a result of following Sala’s advice. Furthermore, the methodology in Mohan’s check-in process was surprisingly efficient, sensible and swift, and since Sala had vouchsafed for him, the paperwork was thus minimal. Mohan seemed genuinely happy to admit him and smiled extravagantly from his Betel nut juice-stained lips.
The hotel’s foyer was high-domed, plushly furnished and perfect for meeting people: The acoustics meant even the most timid of conversationalists could be heard. There sat the girl, smiling brightly. But Arden hadn’t expected such romantic providence so early on in the day. Still unshaven and dusty from moving rooms, he knew his face had reddened badly with embarrassment, as the vison’s eyes encountered his.
“A new resident but not yet a fan, and I could do with more Gora fans,” Chandy thought, and she bared her new porcelain veneers at Arden in a perfect Panavision smile, a triumph of contemporary orthodontics. Chandy didn’t recognize Arden as an Extras Casting Agent at all - she only saw a possibly influential foreigner (as all foreigners were to her) and Arden felt very un-influential and insignificant in her glamorous, precociously young presence.
He was an Earthbound mortal: Spell-bound, enchanted and entranced by the supernatural charisma of a glowing, poetry-wearing Seraph.
Sala she barely glanced at, mentally placing him immediately in the lower echelons of Indian (and therefore) Bollywood society, and her pale countryman was resultantly livid with anger. He never did take a snub well.
Stunned and stammering, Arden eventually overcame his sense of unworthiness, finding the courage to introduce himself and his occupation while Sala pretended to preoccupy himself with the daily newspaper’s race guide, which he flapped open like a shield against the young Indian siren.
Upon learning of his profession she had quickly revised her already favorable assessment and placed Arden somewhere slightly higher, but still near the bottom of the film-making food chain. Chandy extended and shook his hand with grace and well-practiced confidence. Dr Arden Pyle was in the Industry, and he was a foreigner, hence her charm was instinctively intensified.
She had then reached into her black handbag with its fake gold straplets and granted him a glossy 8 inch by 10-inch photograph, which she quickly signed with a black, felt-tipped, permanent marker. The inscription read: “Best wishes, I’ll see you at the top - Chandy XXX.”
It was the way, he later discovered, she signed all her autographs (that is, with a little heart dotting the ‘i’ in the word ‘wishes’).
To Arden she was an instant enigma: Nothing less than a confusing mix of fresh, feminine and beguiling childishness with all the physical attributes of a grown woman, experienced and well aware of her sexual authority over men.
Later, he remembered the fragility of tiny rosebud petals, but the third memory was more significant, for underneath Chandy’s surface he read the machinations of calculus or geometry or some other cold science.
The smile she smiled was a dry, scientific and timeless smile, and with that expression he came to terms with the fact they would probably never be lovers. She was a cyborg of the film industry: A woman desperate to become a starlet.
And then - also with that practiced smile - she was gone, breezing, flouncing, sashaying away from the mundane. Leaving behind her a plume of perfume and eroticism, like a steam train pumping out sex hormones instead of water vapor. These strange, rare chemicals of attraction evaporated away from the foyer slowly as if dispersing unto an impossible heaven.
Indeed, Arden gawped in her scented wake for a full thirty seconds before regaining his senses. He studied the picture in his still trembling hands as if it were proof of an encounter with Alien Intelligence or a still-living Elvis Presley.
The photo of Chandy was a dervish of color. She was posed front and centre in what appeared to be a typical Bollywood song and dance scene. But she was neither singing nor dancing. Instead, she was hard at work lounging like a harem girl in a high-class opium den, with bell-heavy chains around her ankles, a rhinestone in her yoga-toned navel and enigmatic notes of languor playing like existential muzak upon her calm face. A liberally applied layer of cherry gloss made wet fruit wedges of her lips.
When she’d bestowed the pic upon him Arden privately hoped for some personal element, and thought, from the inscription and its little heart atop the letter ‘i’, that he had gotten it, but as he was soon after to learn, in the moment of that first meeting she had already made up her mind about his potential relevance to the life and prospects of one Chandramukhi Mitra. She had begun reaching for the photograph and composing its dedication a mere two eye blinks after meeting him. Chandy was a ruthlessly fast adjudicator of character and potential career influence and in her professional estimation he was a nice enough kind of guy, but neither sufficiently rich nor handsome enough to be any real asset to her filmic ambitions. Why else would he be checking into a dump like The Goodwin Arms. But he was noted.
She understood his industry angle immediately. He worked with white-skinned Gora extras, not Mumbaikars like her, and if he couldn’t buy her the way into a screen-test, or cajole her into a producer’s office or even look good on her arm at a movie star media event (well, he wasn’t that bad-looking, actually, she conceded to herself), then they were destined for friendship and nothing more - not that Chandy felt at all beholden to destiny on any of the pre-planned levels along her perfect fame trajectory. Like a clock worked machine, she was more or less programmed, for she knew exactly where she was headed in the movies. But Arden was smitten by the fame focused starlet all the same.
In his besotted eyes she was physical perfection. A beautiful, clear-skinned sylph, Chandy was blessed with long tresses of black keratin that showed only the slightest beauty parlor curl, and which framed an un-blemished face of pore-less ‘wheatish’ color (that oh-so-desirable skin-tone least likely to be associated with daughters of the lower caste, dark-skinned farm laborers, whose parents in rural India still needed to raise sizable dowries to secure husbands). Indians can be as racist as our own Ku Klux Klan when it comes to skin tint and marital prospects, Arden sometimes thought.
But Chandy was certainly no farmer’s dirt-poor, sun-coarsened daughter. Perhaps it was some aristocratic ancestors in her ancestry that lent her an array of distinctively refined features. Cheekbones feline. Nose an elfin champignon with a short but straight bridge. Eyes heavily lidded like shelled almonds. Lined with black Kajal and shadowed the color of cinnamon bark, those eyes sometimes glittered with girlish bravado and sometimes with the many mysteries and anticipated glories of her fabulous future. These were the so very entrancing features of Chandy’s visage and Arden was, not surprisingly, very entranced.
Furthermore, her face had the tremendously good fortune to be strategically positioned atop a neck as elegant as that possessed by any Swan Lake ballerina. Despite her still tender years, Chandy was an Indian goddess in the making, with tall, strong, colt-like legs and a firm little bust. Her proportions in that area were bound to only bloom larger and fuller and thus add to her physical perfection when she entered womanhood proper, although Arden could only hope that she would stay perky and never devolve into an undulating milch-cow of over conspicuous cleavage.
But back to his autographed photo: The Director of the harem scene appreciated her provocatively lissome qualities instantly and in the picture she was dressed in billowy, green, transparent, chiffon pants, aqua blue silk scarves and very little else. Behind this most diaphanous of nymphets were the expertly painted canvas walls of a marble pillared courtyard and a chorus line of Sari-clad young women, each beaming widely as if being in the background of a harem scene was their life’s sole ambition.
Beside Chandy - but cropped to reveal only the calves and ankles by the photographer - was an apparently similarly dressed harem girl. This other girl, so ruthlessly removed from the image, was Chandy’s mere back drop and this had been just one of many shoots in which Chandy would steal focus from other less ruthless, less wannabe Bollywood starlets.
Still lost in the photograph, Arden could easily imagine her normal self beforehand, sitting in front of the light bulb-lined mirror in her crowded change room. That moment when she would throw a mental switch and begin the metamorphosis from ambitious young girl to hourglass woman.
She would have instinctively adopted the Marilyn silhouette: Back arched, tummy retracted, breasts thrusting. Contouring her body into the shape of a Grecian vase. Making men like Arden her helpless subjects with her all-powerful, all-hypnotizing female form. Flexing the bumps and curves of her body like a gymnast in slow motion performance.
For a half moment Arden even saw her as his out-and-about Bollywood mistress, the glamorous second wife of an influential Casting Agent and acclaimed expat playwright (who had chosen whichever Indian religion of the day just so happened to permit polygamy).
But such an impossible fantasy has the life span of a raindrop. By the time it is perceived it has already hit the ground, exploded and evaporated, the void filled with the rushing logic of reality.
There in the foyer of The Goodwin Arms, a long half minute after she had left him, and still gawping as Sala fumed, the harsh heat of said reality took over and Arden forced himself to acknowledge her unavailability … And, churlishly, her faults. But apart from her tender age there were none … She was physical faultlessness.
So he studied the photo some more. But, no, there were no imperfections whatsoever in the girl … 
And then it hit him. Unlike the shapely, athletic legs of his own wife, Carol, who ran marathons and loved Pilates classes, Chandy’s legs were typically Indian with very thin and very high calf muscles. Although gauzed over with green harem pants, their undeveloped shapelessness could still be discerned in the photo.
Glad that there were no mind-readers about, Arden forced meanness into his heart and decided they almost looked like an insect’s legs, barely capable of supporting her weight.
This, he told himself, ruthlessly.
This, he knew, didn’t matter one iota.
Arden realized he was clutching at straws if he had to focus on the minor imperfections of a girl’s lower leg musculature to strengthen the resolve not to lust.
No, the only way to do this, Arden thought, is to concentrate on the one irrefutable fact: Chandy was a mere fifteen-year-old child with stars in her eyes. On any American film set such a juvenile would have been forced to spend half her signed-on day with an allocated tutor, working twice as hard to make two things, the second being enough money for entry to a good college, and the first being the achievement of that elusive, unpredictable plane of existence we call fame.
And she was jailbait. Even if she was as talented as the teenage Jodie Foster or Drew Barrymore had been when they were each starting their audacious acting careers in Hollywood, she was sexually unavailable, and even if he became as successful as Polanski, the USA will never tolerate pedophilia.
He returned for one last drink from the photo: Her stage directions had been to look stoned and available, which she did effectively to a certain extent, that extent being the limit of her then limited imagination, for Arden was confident she had never touched alcohol or drugs and was still an un-assailed virgin, of course.
But had her role been larger, or her screen-time longer, an attentive audience would have detected not the intended invitation to carnal pleasure in her come-hither expression, but a rather more sinister enticement. Chandy unintentionally managed to exude a distinct aura of sexual danger, as she lay splayed on the film set’s opulent Ottoman divan like a reclining Venus, freshly emerged from her clam shell, and the expression on her languid face was a serene warning. Her eye-lashed summons was not to pleasure but to tragedy, for a personality closer to that of a hangman than a lover beckoned there.
To submit would be like throwing yourself in front of a Delhi-bound express train: Her relentless wheels would chew you up and spit you out, mangled, broken and bloody. You’d have neither time to catch your breath nor close your eyes … But time enough to scream. For all your subsequent eternity you would be wearing her deadly sweet smile in your mind.
He was aware of the risk but a little part of Arden knew he would probably take that plunge the very moment the impossible happened and she assented, and the suicide would be performed without destroying anything of real consequence.
Chandy, however, was fully aware of her nascent power and was not about to let him in, for as has already been noted, in her scheme of all things Bollywood he was in no real position to further her acting vocation, and the acting profession was everything to her. She would be a Bollywood film star and she must therefore bestow her amorous favors only where they would reap the most bountiful career harvests.
***
That night, in his sweating dreams, Arden ran raggedly through a chilly Stonehenge-like labyrinth, and behind the obelisks poked the faces of Chandy, his wife Carol and his beloved daughter Chloe, like an oscillating row of open-mouthed clowns at a fun fair, where Salahudden was shooting at Chandy with an air rifle but had the pellets replaced with fluttering butterflies.
And his sub-conscious tried to warn him, admirably but hopelessly, that after all, he was just a man and as such he would never be a match for any combination of their feminine wiles. Three females meant nothing but gossip and shopping and problems!
Then Sala turned his fun fair gun and starting shooting at red-faced Uncle Brian from Florida, who was drunk and slobbering all over Arden’s pillow. His little boy’s eyes were squeezed shut but that didn’t stop Uncle Brian and his teeth were like the stone at the bottom of a windmill, grinding and grinding and then when Uncle Brian had finished and gone, then little Chandy took his hand and asked him what he wanted for his fifteenth birthday because then he will be a teenager, not a kid not a kid not a kid. He said nothing but will you be my friend, sweet Chandy? Always she said always always always.
So she began to wash his sheets and into the washing went all the sounds and stink of Uncle Brian. She poured steaming hot water over them and they were boiled clean and white. And yet the mill stones continued to pile on top of him, crushing him, forcing the air out of his lungs but not extinguishing the flame in his heart.
Arden awoke with a gasp powered by both joy and horror.


CHAPTER FOUR.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Hell hath three gates: lust, anger, and greed” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

And just like the career minded Chandy, Arden also had to concentrate on the social aspects of his occupation, and that meant the after hours work of schmoozing. He didn’t shrink from the duty, however, for there was a part of him that knew, if intelligently pursued, a well-executed schmooze could reasonably be considered a work of art: An enterprise of such finesse that it was on par with the beauty and splendor of a Valentino seduction. And who would baulk at the offer of free drinks and canapés courtesy of the industry leaders, anyway?
He had scored an invitation to a late afternoon barbeque in Malabar Hill, at which he could reasonably expect to meet some currently working - hence highly influential - Bollywood producers and directors. The party was at Dickey Kumar’s house, and Arden decided to make that his unofficial workplace, for that Saturday afternoon slash evening, at least, and if he returned home with any of his business cards left he would consider it a less than good day at the office.
Although the invitation requested the company of Arden Pyle plus one, he gave serious consideration to bringing Sala along for no more than half a second - the impetuous albino really was a little too unpredictable and, well … scary … for such a high class gathering - and then he gave a full two second’s consideration to inviting Chandy - but he still barely knew her and couldn’t think of any valid reason for approaching her hotel door.
For what could he do? Accost her on her doorstep with the ivory embossed invitation card clutched hopefully in sweat-palmed hand? Not likely. Plus, he knew enough about Indian manners and etiquette to know that single young women simply do not ‘date’. Marriages are arranged, sensibly. Even when engaged to marry, such modern Western dating practices are frowned upon, unless parents and future groom are all well-acquainted and a reliable troupe of chaperones is present. So, Arden Pyle went to Dickey’s party minus one, that is, all on his own-some.
Dickey Kumar wrote screenplays and was moderately successful at it, if getting your work regularly optioned and occasionally produced was any measure of success. He lived in a crumbling, columned mansion that had been in the Kumar family for generations, and the hot afternoon sunlight, dappled by the jubilant curtains of Malabar green (its heat effectively ratcheted down a notch by the cool foliage) was kindly caressing the outwardly genteel scene when Arden arrived.
It was 5.30 pm and he quickly paid off the taxi at the stately wrought iron gates (ignoring the driver’s loud grumbling - expressed in some unintelligible rural Marathi dialect - over the modest, non-Mumbai-sized tip the economizing Arden left him with), and after he clambered up the narrow, sweeping driveway, past the Mercedes and the BMWs and the Lexuses parked on the side, he was required to stop and reconsider things as the edge of the colossal house hove into view.
A bright yellow Lotus slowly growled past him, crunching the gravel like an impossibly elegant bulldozer, and Arden took his eyes off the imposing edifice for a few seconds as he leapt aside, but returned his admiring gaze upon the Kumar mansion almost immediately.
When first he had toured Goregaon’s Film City in 2006, merely an anonymous postgraduate student in a gaggle of tourists who ooh-ed, ahh-ed and adjusted shutter speeds at everything they saw, he had strained his imagination to believe that the sets lining the Film City streets were no more than plaster-cast facades and canvases, each held up from behind by rickety bamboo scaffolding. But, of course that’s what they were, and the likelihood they’d be changed and gone the next day was worth betting on.
A newlywed Korean couple had persuaded him to take their photo standing in front of a ‘desert island with crashed airplane’ set, which could have been the backdrop for an Indian version of US television’s long-running series Lost.
The freshly married couple began smiling their freshest, most plastic smiles, their four fingers splayed at the camera in oddly childish ‘V’ formation. To Arden, to flash the hand signal the West first read as Winston Churchill’s ‘V for Victory’ after WWII, or then by the counter-culture of the flower-power children of the 70s, when long-haired, doped out hippies and environmentalists re-wrote the symbol’s meaning as ‘Peace’, and then for these newlywed Asians to use it in each and every photo opportunity to mean “We’re cool”, well, he always had thought the Koreans were a strange people, and he deliberately lowered the lens until both faces were out of frame before clicking. Arden could be an asshole at times.
Victory or Peace or Cool sign, or just evidence of yet another meaningless social meme infecting mostly Asians when they posed for photos ... But considering the aviation chaos and destruction depicted behind them, it was a bit sad to Arden. Nevertheless, the Korean couple’s four fingered salute was what he would later refer to in an academic paper as ‘Plasticity in Cultural Interpretation’ done to the max. There, however, at Dickey’s opulent palace he struggled with the reverse illusion. Only with intense deliberation could Arden convince himself that the daunting structure before him was real and not as one-dimensional as an over-sized billboard advertising an upcoming Hindi filmic blockbuster.
Surely this stately manor - with its high Tudor beams, slate-tiled roofing, mullioned windows and perfectly English-looking ivy-covered walls - surely this scene was no less transitory than the bamboo-backed structures at the studios where he temped?
Surely, the Kumar mansion was no less fake than a convincing stage set?
Surely, the Kumar mansion was no less fake than a circus act backdrop?
Surely, the Kumar mansion was no less fake than a daydream?
And without doubt, the belt of towering cypresses that delineated the sprawling Kumar acreage from its neighbor’s jungle-tangled acreage had been placed there by laborers and hired cranes only days before, right?
And what about the guests, unfolding their chic bodies from low-slung sports-cars such as that gleaming yellow Lotus? Extras on somebody’s generous payroll, right?
Regardless of Arden’s misgivings, Dickey’s place was no propped up, fake film set. The man, like all the trees, guests and scenery within it, although unique, was all quite real, and when Dickey made a public showing, as he was shortly about to do, he always made an entrance that made Arden wonder again about the barely discernable delineation between the fake Bollywood and the real Bollywood.
And then he snapped out of his reverie of doubt and wonder as he was greeted by the party boy himself. In Bollywood one expects to come across many eccentric, self-invented types, but Dickey Kumar was the most eccentric and self-invented of them all.
He seemed to take a perverse joy in mocking all the good fortune bestowed upon him by his forebears, generations of whom were spice merchants who kept ledgers the size of ping pong tables and who had (unproven) reputations for transporting other - shall we discretely say - exotic substances, exploiting the legal restrictions put in place by various foreign legislatures. Yes, the Kumar family had built their wealth on smuggling. Mostly saffron and opium, the rumors went. And although he was in his silvered years, Dickey’s days were golden, and the city of Mumbai still bubbled money for he and his family. He had only to skim its surface to enjoy the cream. 
Clothing for the peacock Dickey was never functional (unless looking ridiculous was the desired function), and the brightest, most ill-matching colors were the métier of his couture. However, he had on that day one of his more subdued outfits: Cuban heeled boots in a deep burgundy-red leather to the knee; fawn-tinted stretch jodhpurs; a fluorescent, lime green polo shirt; and a purple and white polka dotted cravat. In his left hand he casually swung a polo mallet in a slow circle.
He had no stables, no horses and couldn’t ride to save his life, but Dickey’s intention was an as always subtle and ironic backhander at the screen lives he created. Today he looked like an Indian Errol Flynn and the reason for that is because he was considering writing a film script around a version of F. Scott Fitzgerald’s The Great Gatsby set in seaside Goa.
Right down to his two week old, pencil-thin mustache, in appearance at least, Dickey was the flashiest of swashbucklers, and he rocked back and forth on his heels in the ivy-lined portico of his residence, haughtily, inventing new scenarios and imaginative scandals for his characters. And as ever, he was making notes on a small, handheld electronic device, the very newest hybrid telephone/hand-held computer gadgetry.
Dickey peered at Arden over canary yellow-tinted Ray Ban Aviators and affected an air of disdain, as he stabbed the tiled floor with the mallet, disrupting an elegant arc the way the bottom half of a question mark does. He nodded to the couple in the Lotus, who seemed to know exactly where to find the valet. They smiled graciously at Dickey and then Arden as they promptly went there.
Dickey then furrowed his perfectly groomed eyebrows at Arden, in an alloy of steel and scorn. Twisting his body as far as possible in the opposite direction while still restraining Arden with his gaze, Dickey punched a number into his Dictaphone-like doohickey.
“Charles, darling,” he said into the device, hiding his Boston-trained inflections with an exaggerated Kolkata accent. His dialect reeked of intellectual and caste superiority and was pronounced just sufficiently loudly enough for Arden to hear: “We seem to have a visitor here who has not been listed … Yes, some sort of Paan-chewing, Chillum-smoking Chai-wallah, I expect … Rasta? Yes, of course, do let him know immediately. … The dogs? Perhaps, but let’s see if I can’t deal with the scoundrel myself first. You know, he doesn’t look terribly formidable.”
Dickey tossed a quick up and down inspection at Arden and continued his appraisal: “Nice teeth, I suppose, but he’s not what you’d call particularly muscular. I’m sure I can take him!”
Snapping the device shut, Dickey turned and fixed Arden with a resolute gaze: “Now see here, my good man, this is a private function and …”
The famed screenwriter then feigned sudden and surprised recognition: “Why, bless me, it’s Arden! I say, old bean, whatever possessed you to don such outlandish attire? I thought you, of all people, Dr Arden Pyle, Professional Casting Agent to Bollywood’s lesser stardom, would understand the necessary dress code!”
As he said this he pirouetted on his high heels like the Artist Formerly Known And Kneeled To As Prince and the conservatively appareled Arden burst out laughing.
Arden entered into Dickey’s world instantly, enunciating his speech with the clipped affectation once taught in elocution classes and debating clubs, and he sounded as queer as he possibly could without actually renouncing his own heterosexuality.
“Dickey, Dickey, Dickey!”, he nearly choked with laughter, “Whatever new character is this meant to be?”
Dickey had by then reverted to his own peculiar strain of Standard American crossed with a where-ever possible verbose Oxbridge vocabulary.
“Character? New character? What on Earth do you mean, old chap?”
He was that rare beast: An Anglophobe who correctly saw Americans as courageous pioneers in the rejection of British rule and he owed much of that respectful attitude to his education at an exclusive boarding school in Boston from the age of six to seventeen, although it was many years before Arden had attended. Dickey’s American ally owed his friendship to that fact as well, for there were not a lot of Bostonians let alone UCD alumni in Mumbai. But the bromance would never have developed if not initiated by Dickey. Upon first meeting him in his hometown, Dickey had taken to Arden like a Mallard takes to water.
Anyway, Dickey loved to joke about, for he knew that life was too short to be taken seriously, and he raised a single eyebrow and seemed to laugh not with his mouth but with that small, shapely strip of hair.
“I need to defend myself further, do I?” Dickey enquired, for Arden was still smirking and on the verge of laughing again.
“Oh, alright, Arden,” Dickey sighed, casting aside his polo mallet, “It IS for a character I’m writing, if that makes you feel any smarter, you Mr. Smarty Pants, you. Although, as I previously mentioned …,” and here he indicated Arden’s denim jeans:
“You’re not exactly wearing smart pants, today, are you, Dr Pyle?”
“I was under the impression ...”
Dickey interrupted: “Well and good but listen to this. As writers, we’re constantly engaged in real life research, are we not? And for this scene, I need to learn how one acceptably transitions from the equestrian sporting activities upon the lush lawns of high society to the business of the post-match cocktails in the sideline marquees, whilst all the time laudably staying within one’s cups.”
Then he seemed to abruptly tire of his welcoming charade, as if he were a child and it was a whim that no longer entertained. Dickey ground the remains of a tan-filtered cigarette into a waist-high silver receptacle filled with white river sand, reluctantly, and gazed at the debris as if it were a dearly departed loved one half-planted into the ground.
Dickey was under doctor’s orders not to smoke, but his resolve wavered pathetically when the alcohol of several well-mixed gin and tonics rinsed his bloodstream ... Right then his exquisite wife, whom everyone called Charles (for apart from those border officials who had inspected her Australian passport few had the slightest inkling of her real name) strode manfully past the artfully tonsured boxwood hedges straight toward them, and continued the ‘Arden as Gatecrasher Game’ with glee.
Charles had once been a perky, naturally blonde North Shore Sydney girl and although the passing years had tried valiantly to harden her, she was still a perky North Shore Sydney girl (simply transplanted from Doublebay to Malabar Hill), but with more grey now than blonde. Her instinct not to color made her un-dyed appearance more genuine, making her even more likeable than she already was.
“Oh, Dickey! An intruder! Whatever does he want? Are we in danger? How awful! Is it mortal danger or moral danger? Oh, darling, shall I call the Chowkidar? Oh, darn, I don’t even know the little man’s name … Or is all this violence and bloodshed a serious matter best left for the police, my sweet?”
Charles batted her lashes theatrically like an anxious virgin.
“Don’t fret, Charles, my frail and vulnerable child, it’s just our old friend Arden, come to slum it for a while at Chez Kumar.” Dickey put an unnecessarily protective arm around his lovely trophy wide, playing the Errol Flynn character to perfection, a devilish smile creasing his cheeks, wrinkling his eyes.
“Oh, how lovely! Our old friend, Arden!” (and then aside, in a delightfully conspiratorial stage whisper to her husband):
“He’s not in the film business, I hope?” (and then directly to Arden):
“Darling, whatever we do, let us agree, most sincerely, not to talk shop.”
Charles let out a full-bodied yawn, stretching her neck like a cat, before complaining: “That’s simply all they’re doing ‘round the back. And, Arden, pet, I want to show you something I know you’re just going to adore!”
Charles was, compared to the flamboyant Dickey, rather less overdone in attire. Hugging her trim, athletic figure was her frequently worn but universally respectable black pants-suit with red soled black high heels.
“I’m in mourning for good taste,” she habitually justified when the topic of her ageless fashion sense arose, implying that her allegedly bisexual husband was her social burden, and she, therefore, the widow to his pomposity, glitz and glamour.
Charles was, however, no shrieking peahen. Rather, Mrs. K. was the perfect hostess: Always sparkling, witty and chic. But beware, yon ladies of the social circuit, our Charles can be surprisingly acid, knowing exactly when to spout philosophy and when to employ her impressive vocabulary of curse words in twenty-three different Indian dialects. Colorful language could be almost cathartic. But most importantly to the hoi-polloi of Bollywood in 2008, she was a natural born engineer of the high-class soiree with an amazing prowess for organizing communal frivolity and hi-jinks.
While Arden dismounted the steps of the vined portico to clasp her outstretched, gold-bangled hand, Dickey spoke again into his telephone thingy, which Arden realized was doubling as a walkie talkie: “Rasta, vodka martinis on the front porch, pronto … Yes, of course, you gorgeous fool, you – two jugs, what else! … Yes, alright then, if that’s all you can manage, then just bring one jug! ... I know what you’re doing! Don’t you dare make that face at me, Rasta!”
As if he had been hovering around the corner there ever so fractionally out of sight, awaiting the call from his master all along, a handsome young Caribbean man in a Lunghi and nothing else soon came running from the side, somehow balancing a tower of glasses the size of umbrella stands and clutching two huge carafes of sophisticated intoxication.
Rasta’s devotion to Dickey was plain to see and with a coat of fur he could have passed for a Golden Labrador or some other breed of loyal canine, but his waxed chest and legs made him look quite the opposite, that is, more like a musclebound performer on a float in a Mardi Gras parade.
This dark Adonis was not a drooling, tail-wagging sycophant, lest one get the wrong impression, but was a man who was entirely capable of standing his own ground, even as he steadfastly served his chief with unwavering dependability and fidelity. If he’d been an Indian menial, he probably would’ve worn an expression involving glazed, averted eyes and a shoulder slumped, head lowered posture, the typical combination of servile submissiveness and disrespectful haughtiness born of proudly won Independence from the British, but Rasta was different. He was a simple Islander and enjoyed performing his Dickey duties.
Dickey Kumar obviously adored him right back, but he knew better than to dilly dally with the help. Probably. On the whole, As a rule.
Arden felt that as Dickey’s friend, he too could confidently trust the Kumar’s Man Friday if ever called upon to. And not surprisingly. Rasta looked like he could rumble with the best of them if Dickey ever said to him that the time for violence had come.
“Don’t stray too far, old cock,” Dickey whispered to Arden, molesting about in the inside pocket of his jodhpurs before locating his carcinogenic goal. Tearing open a packet and adding another link to his seemingly endless chain of Wills Insignia cigarettes, he throatily confided: “We’ve … Got … Strippers … Coming!”
Arden rolled his eyes skyward in mock disgust, but nothing could shock him at one of Dickey’s knees up and this was his third. He took the huge glass proffered by Rasta as the indignant Charles flicked a scowl at her extravagant husband, for she had overheard the comment about strippers.
Jealous wifely eyes narrowed to slices of bitter blue lemon. Then, as the inevitable fun thought found a footing in her North Shore party-mode mind, and, encouraged by the example of her always questionable role model, pop singer Madonna, who was only six weeks younger than herself, Charles, in her well-coiffed head, thought: Well, what the freakin’ hell!’ and she piped up gaily:
“And where exactly, Dickey, do you think these strippers are going to perform their burlesque acts? Out here on the driveway? In the gravel? Silly, silly man!” Then, as an afterthought: “And do go attend to your guests, Dickey. You’ll not divert the dancing boys - they’re all professionals, I’m sure!”
With a one hand lightning fast draw Dickey pulled a billfold of cash from his pocket, and with the other hand he waved the now lit cigarette at his wife in the jauntiest of manners, for he had skin like a stegosaurus when it came to deflecting criticism of his profligate ways:
“Professionals, darling? But that’s exactly what I’m hoping for!”
Laughing shrilly, but not unattractively, the dauntless Charles then dismissed her profligate but beloved husband and steered her American guest around to the back of the great structure in which they lived to where she assured him the shindig was in full swing.
The tour took Charles and Arden past a trio tinkling glasses and smoking foul-smelling cigars around a sandstone birdbath, itself ringed by rose beds; then past an amorous couple pretending to be interested in a Georgian sundial; then past a large sunken herb garden in which a class in life-drawing with a most fetching nude model seemed to be taking new enrolments; and then around to the party zone proper.
Lounging calmly around the Kumar’s swimming pool, which flashed blue and emerald like an open aquarium, were the crème de la creme of the Bollywood film world. They were fast downing cocktails and slow chewing appetizers of cubed cheese on crackers, smoked salmon on pumpernickel and delicate little ham and mushroom vol-au-vents. Charles had deliberately chosen the least Indian of all possible entrees.
The guests, of whom there must have been well over a hundred, lolled about like drugged mannequins in their most expensive clothes: Sleeveless Saris and Sherwanis, chic silk shirts and stylish Western suits. The societal milk which this cream had been skimmed from was rich, too. Rich in history-making deals, career-defining business confrontations, shonky scams, double-dealings and pay-offs. A dense backlog of mafia-funded business ventures that continually returned good profits. The guests were mostly new money.
Despite the heat, no-one seemed at all inclined to swim. A five piece band pulsed out unhurried jazz by the cabana, which looked to be half a mile away as the place was so huge, and yet a well-trained discus thrower, if he could have cleared the height of all the plush flora, might have lobbed a stone or discus or Molotov Cocktail from the crowded sightseeing spot of Hanging Gardens, about another 80 yards higher in altitude on their Malabar Hill, right onto Dickey and Charles’ perfectly mowed buffalo grass.
On the roof of the bathhouse hunched a semi-tame pair of Langur monkeys, gnawing contentedly on watermelon rinds and regarding the party with detached bemusement, which was exactly the attitude Arden wanted to perfect for himself. Nothing, he believed, could be less American, and therefore much worldlier, than to remain unaffected by such post-colonial, sub-continental luxury and excess. Detached bemusement, that was Arden’s subconscious goal.
He purposefully overlooked the fact he was modeling his social behavior on that of a pair of naked, hairy monkeys and made an effort to remain detached and simian cool. The Langurs couldn’t have cared less. In the evening they would still join with others of their kind and terrorize the Malabar Hill humans with all the bravado of any night mob, swinging from the treetops with war whoops and flung dung.
Charles frowned at a throng of cawing crows that had just then alighted upon the spreading branches of a nearby banyan tree, the roots of which were simultaneously breaking apart and binding together a weathered old rock wall. She wisely decided to ignore them, for not even the most professional of scarecrow antics had succeeded in the past, and she guided Arden to a shaded part of the garden where a rail-thin actress was prettily sipping from a blue paper umbrella adorned drink. Her dark, Kajal-lined eyes he knew but her name he did not.
Rarely spotted in the three dimensional world, she was strategically positioned adjacent to an ebony table groaning with iced crystal bowls of strawberries and clotted cream, and the Bollywood actress looked as if some exceptionally talented interior designer of German or Scandinavian inclination had placed her there, an integral component of some modeling tableau he intended to impress a potential client with.
At her toned elbow, the desserts vied for attention with flutes filled to just below the brim with Perignon, while next to them a bow-tied, white-jacketed waiter guarded a gigantic, inverted bottle of Johnnie Walker Black Label. He was reverently dispensing tumblers of the smooth whiskey ... with slow Indian formality. The golden-brown fluid flowed from the totemic reservoir, with its inherent aura of American wealth, to its many humbled devotees like a dispenser of dubious medicine for snake charmers, charlatans and slicksters alike. And that could mean anyone in Bollywood.
The desserts were just one of many culinary spreads. All around the pool area there were tables ablaze with food, which the twig-like starlets steadfastly ignored. Sensing rather than seeing his Western-ness, the unidentified actress smiled secret encouragement at Arden. She did naught to discourage his sideway glance return and, indeed, seemed to be deliberately paying as little attention as possible to her companion, a tall, thin Bengali with blonde highlights in his glistening, oil-slicked black hair and a face dented with pock-marks like the surface of a coal-black, lunar desert.
Impervious to the constant but blunt barbs of her amateur mind games, Mr. Pock-marked Moon-face was preparing lines of pale pink powder on a hand mirror rested carefully upon his knees. He was wary of nothing but the unreliable and hence threatening breeze.
On seeing their dissolute activity, Arden discreetly shook his head at Charles. He was no prude but neither was he keen on so openly breaking the drug laws in a foreign country: His fully legitimate business visa status had been too hard come by to jeopardize just like that.
Instead, he turned his back on the drug using pair and his forever diplomatic host conveyed him to a table at which his interest might be better credited, at which no legal misdemeanors were in process or about to happen and at which a decidedly animated discussion was taking place amongst an obviously much-moneyed cohort of film industry Suits.
“Our movie business is far too forgiving, yaar!” a graying man dressed in an elegantly crumpled, white linen three-piece was saying in that typically Indian sing-song English. His moderate tone of voice then climbed to a higher rung of subjectivity from which to declare his undisguised disdain of a certain Director, a film-maker whose latest production, although fresh and original and the winner of an award at Cannes, had flopped at the domestic level, that is, the all-important Indian Box Office:
“We should not be giving this young upstart Arjun Singh the time even of the day!”
“You’re not wrong there, buddy!” said one of his companions at the table, utilizing a pitch that, despite the familiarity and the trendy Americanisms, immediately indicated his mediocre standing and fawning inferiority to the other fat cat Film Execs present. “Chamcha!” one of the better-tailored Suits loudly muttered, clearly indicating his unflattering opinion of the lowly sycophant, who shrank and shrank and shrank.
Charles too was unimpressed. She rolled her beautiful, jaded eyes and exclaimed to Arden: “Unbelievable! Talking business on a fine day like today. I can’t wait for a male stripper to flop it out on that guy’s pretentious, ‘I wannabe a real film Director’s lap!”
Arden wasn’t exactly sure which man she was disparaging and found himself suddenly confused, a feeling which intensified when she moved closer, simply begging him - with all her animal proximity - to say something outrageous in reply to the assembled men. But the seated Film Execs, whom Arden had instinctively acknowledged as Bollywood players of note, had already settled their inquisitive, professional gazes on him and he was disinclined to make career-imploding waves.
So, not knowing the identity or activity of this particular Arjun Singh, presently suffering under their certified table of ire, he declined from offering a potentially business-ending opinion. Instead, he asked rhetorically, with his palms open as if searching for the answer:
“Gentlemen, who can say what the future for Indian cinema is? This is a question we will all be asking ourselves until we witness the answer as Indian cinema’s recent past. All I know is we must be adventurous in our art, for that is what we do here, we make art. Certainly, we earn our livings, too, but in the end we are producing nothing less than fine celluloid literature, and predicting the next blockbuster film is as near to impossible as predicting next year’s New York Time’s list of bestselling novels. Am I right or am I right? Now, what was it you wanted to show me, Charles?”
Charles, who had enjoyed every word of Arden’s little speech, and was dazzled by his easy eloquence and sagacity, jumped out her reply:
“Oh, Arden, I almost forgot! Come! Let us away to pastures new. You’ll simply love this, young Arden, I’m quite sure!”
She conveyed him a tad too pushily across the vast expanse of the tiled area to the pool’s edge and indicated he should look in. Aware he was about to be treated to some kind of a show, Arden peered down enthusiastically, for the theatrical arts (of any kind, amateur or professional) were both his livelihood and his addiction, and he sensed an aquatic performance was coming.
But that moment had to wait. A ripple from the automatic pool cleaner distorted the water’s surface, making it difficult at first for him to distinguish the details of the greenish mass lying at the bottom of the deep end.
As the motorized vacuum eventually headed to the far side of the pool he began to discern the scaly tail of a large fish. But then flowing dark hair, two bare breasts and a vaguely familiar face came into focus.
“What - I mean - who is it supposed to be?”
“You don’t know? Oh, come on! It’s Natalie Wood!”, Charles could barely contain her joy and admitted. She repeated herself:
“Natalie Wood! Natalie Wood as a drowned mermaid!”
He had to say something, of course:
“Is it real? No, no, I mean, of course not, how stupid of me … It’s a fake, and quite a good one at that!”
“Oh, you horrible, horrible boy!”
Charles felt it necessary to raise both her voice and her laughter over the noisy croaking from the crows, which were also competing quite successfully with the jazz band, and she wondered, briefly, what was keeping them there. Sensibly, no-one was feeding them.
No-one was feeding the murder of corvids, that is, but the musos were given free rein regarding the food. Their leader declared a truce with the crows and ordered a twenty minute break for the precise purpose of feeding themselves.
With the musician’s instruments grounded and the crows disappearing, Charles was able to speak in a normal voice but she continued to sound like an excitable schoolgirl:
“Don’t pretend you weren’t fooled, Dr Pyle! Admit it, for a second there you actually thought she was real!”
Charles flounced up her hair and bowled a bright pair of eyes at Arden with what she imagined was the style and appearance of a coquettish undergrad. Charles understood men in general, whereas she knew her American friend’s academic background in detail (She’d even read his publications. Or at least the abstracts of some of them) and was taking what she would herself call an educated guess at his cinematic fantasies.
“Natalie Wood!” she admonished him.
“You remember her, surely!” Charles blurted, “That actress from West Side Story ...”
She actually broke into song then, with a few sweetly delivered bars about “Maria” then paused, confident in the belief the film aficionado would continue, would fill in the blanks, would create more intellectual voids and cultural cul-de-sacs in which she might enjoy some cerebral exploring ... So Arden dutifully responded:
“And with John Wayne in The Searchers. And let’s not forget Rebel Without A Cause. Three Oscar nominations, that Russian-born American beauty earned. Died mysteriously having somehow fallen overboard at a Hollywood boat party with the very drunk Robert Wagner and Christopher Walken noted by the press as being suspiciously inaccurate in their statements re all the onboard behavior. There are many unanswered questions and insinuations to this day.”
Arden certainly knew his Hollywood law, lore and mythology. He was usually reluctant but this time he enjoyed sharing it. Charles enjoyed hearing it.
“You! You’re no fun, with all your facts and figures,” Charles lied, obviously delighted.
“But don’t you think it looks real?” she continued.
“Oh, sure. It looks exceptionally real. Realer than real, in fact. Poor little Natalie, lived fast and died young, just the way we two probably won’t. What’s it made out of, anyway?”
“Oh, my God, how should I know? Props department made it. Silicon, most likely. But Arden, didn’t it give you even a little fright?”
“Absolutely, my dear Charles. I almost dived in to save the poor girl!”
“You’re no fun at all! Everyone else has been going ‘Ooh’ and ‘Aah’ and ‘I say’, and yet you act all bored.”
Charles let go of his arm and leant over the edge, going “Ooh … Aah … I say!”
“Is Natalie still there? Still sleeping with the fishes?”
The call came from the pock-faced man, now visibly energized from ingesting the pink powder. Not knowing if he’d been heard, he yelled his query again, earning down-the-nose looks from some of the more quietly composed of the partygoers.
“I think the poor dear’s head is about to burst,” Mrs. Dickey Kumar shouted back with unabashed merriment.
“This I must see!” said the buzzing Bengali, hurrying to Charles’ side for a look.
“Huh! It’s just another rubber doll!” complained the nearly famous actress, loudly.
Then not quite sotto voce to the Bengalese man: “You’ve a blow-up one of your own, isn’t it? At your mother’s home, yaar?”
Charles directed a pretend sob at the girl. “You! You’re so much like this horrid Pyle fellow,” she exclaimed, shooting Arden a withering glance beneath a halo of noiseless giggling.
“Refusing to indulge my illusions! Trying to ruin my party! Well, I for one will not be fazed. Instead, I’m going to have myself a teensie-weensie, drinkie-poo.”
Charles caught the eye of another guest and winked. She then cheerfully gave Arden a little wave goodbye and made her way to the pool-side bar, having scored a perfect ‘10’ in the hospitality arena once again.
Acting suitably chastised, Arden wandered back to the table crowded with film industry bureaucrats, where Dickey was now temporarily holding court, and thought for a moment about how he might manage to adequately contribute to the discussion with who he safely assumed were some of the Very Big Boys of Bollywood.
“Somehow we must force art back into the screenplays. The song and dance choreographers are running the whole industry now and the time is right for auteur cinema again. We need another Satyajit Ray or Mani Kaul!” espoused Dickey, with considerable flair and acumen.
Arden saw his chance and reached for his best business cards from within his shoulder satchel so as to be ready to distribute once introductions were completed, as he adopted a confident, tertiary academic’s tone and asked:
“Ah, but who will pay to see them without all the typical Bollywood song and dance fantasies on board? Even in the film schools of the Western universities, such so-called Art House movies, whilst fascinating to study, are universally regarded as financial risks for producers,” countered Arden. “Can the adventurous film-maker afford such a major diversion from the commercial main roads to traverse such perilous avenues?”
Dickey looked at Arden and rolled his deep brown, soulful eyes toward the cloudless sky. He seemed disappointed in his American friend and was in the act of preparing an appropriately cutting remark of reproach when his pocket machine gave an audible buzz. Without hesitating, he took the call, and rolled his eyes again, this time in frustration and barely restrained anger. But with an almost invisible grimace, he swallowed down his annoyance as a fresh thought bounced around his skull for a few nanoseconds before condensing into a brilliant idea.
“Come,” he said, leaning across and almost clamping his mouth to Arden’s ear in an effort not to be heard by what he considered were nothing less than film parasites and vermin. ‘All foul-breathed scavengers in designer suits’, he thought, but instead loudly whispered:
“The strippers have cancelled, but I know an interesting … place.”
To the Suits around the table, still sweltering under the fury of the late afternoon sun, each leaning in toward the shade of the broad beach umbrellas or bending toward the breeze from the palm fronds being waved by liveried bellboys (who’d been ordered to never, ever make eye contact with the guests), Dickey prepared to bid a perfunctory farewell, once he had delivered to Arden the business introductions he knew his American friend so craved.
“Gentlemen, this is Dr Arden Pyle, who is the man to see when you want to cast white-skinned extras. He has a PhD in Film Studies from America, has been extensively published and has recently set up shop here in Mumbai. With all due respect, as I’m sure he would love to meet you each, another engagement requires us to both be elsewhere for a little while. There are his business cards - nice, aren’t they? - Please, on my recommendation, give him a call, but right now, Dr Pyle has a Bollywood Culture Lesson to attend and I am afraid I am contracted to chaperone him.”
Arden made it perfectly clear to Dickey that he was not entirely enthused and as the pair walked back to the house, he expressed his consternation:
“A sauna, right? A gay sauna? No offence, but you know that’s not my thing, buddy.”
“It’s not a sauna, you bristling homophobe, Arden, it’s ‘Hepburn’s’.”
“And, what, pray tell is Hepburn’s? Hmm, let me guess: Mumbai’s original Absinthe and Amphetamines bar?”
“You mean you’ve never paid a visit to Hepburn’s? What’s wrong with you, old sport?” Dickey asked, he himself a compelling picture of duplicitous innocence.
“Ah, at a guess, my overly-concerned friend, I would say: ‘Almost everything’ is wrong with me.”
Dickey chuckled but was insistent: “Look here, young man, you simply must come with me to Hepburn’s!”
And then in a tone sounding a little less like an order: “Arden, my dear boy, do please come. If only to be able to finally write something authentic …”
Dickey trailed off, as if leaving a tantalizing piece of information unmentioned, and the author that was Arden couldn’t resist. He took the bait the way a Killer Whale snaps its jaws around a fur seal, and dived in, all his writing flippers flailing.
“Hepburn’s, you say, Dickey? Well, I must admit, I think I’ve heard of it. Isn’t that just another Mumbai nightclub for the rich and mega-rich, though? Nothing I could get into, dressed in jeans and a casual jacket like this, that’s for sure.”
“Well, yes, but there’s what you could call a back room for a select clientele - with private stage shows,” Dickey paused fractionally to emphasize the ensuing rhyme: “Where champagne flows and anything goes.”
“I’m not so sure, Dickey … I do have a wife and kid, you know …”
“Arden, we all know that you’re a dedicated breeder, and we forgive you that appalling shortcoming, but I really must insist.”
Arden suppressed a self-conscious shudder as he re-evaluated his friend’s glamorous appearance and then his own less than formidable ensemble.
“Dickey, I’m dressed for a barbecue, not a flash nightclub.”
“Well, there is a no denim policy for the gents at the front door of Hepburn’s, but that is not exactly where we’re entering.” Dickey trailed off, hoping it sounded mysterious, before he declared again in a School Masterly manner:
“Consider it a necessary part of your Bollywood education, Arden, for this is where the stars of tomorrow go to earn their rent for today. Hepburn’s Back Door is really rather a Mumbai institution, and high class all the way. And besides which, Arden, it’s still early. The riff-raff won’t arrive for - let’s see …” Dickey consulted his Rolex wristwatch, which Arden had no doubt was genuine, “Not for at least another three hours. It’s positively civilized this early in the evening!”
Indeed, it was only about 8 pm and Arden was easily won over by Dickey, who was nothing less than a Mumbai institution himself. Plus, Arden very much liked to hear the well-mannered Bon vivant talk and he knew there was a character to be based on Dickey Kumar in his playwriting some day. Like all writers, Arden was ruthless in using those people he got to know as friends as characters in his imaginative scribblings.
Dickey gave forth with such a steady stream of drolleries and aphorisms, delivered with such perfect bonhomie, that he could make even the grubbiest of pursuits seem if not noble, then at least a good deal closer to normal, and Arden had a feeling things were about to get quite a bit grubby that evening. Regardless, his friend’s worldliness would make it all come off as risqué and yet inexplicably still sophisticated and urbane.
Meanwhile, all this gallivanting amongst the famous, moneyed and powerful of Bollywood, even if it failed to qualify as research for his writing, was no less agreeable as an alibi for the nine to five working life, and Arden realized yet again how lucky he was to be alive and in a position in which schmoozing counts as honest work.
Dickey called Rasta on his device, then both men took turns to apologize to Charles, who sulked petulantly for about two and a half seconds before finding another group of guests to impress with her ‘Natalie Woods as Drowned Mermaid’ party feature.
With her permission to up and away, it was only a matter of minutes before the rich and famous Indian Filmi Wallah Dickey and the up and coming American Filmi Wallah Arden were in the back of an immaculately detailed and restored black Ambassador sedan with ultra dark-tinted windows and utterly redundant Venetian blinds in the rear windows. A vehicle modeled after the less than salubrious British Morris Oxford, which here in Mumbai, due to its regal role during the Raj era, was high class personified. A well-kept old Ambassador commanded as much multi-generational respect as any late-model Rolls Royce might, and the two Filmi Wallahs onboard were soon nursing fresh martinis and joking like naughty schoolboys running truant.
Nevertheless, Arden kept to his moral high ground, as the now uniformed Rasta played his preferred role, that of chauffeur to the rich and genteel, and he gleefully jolted the prestige car along the stop start streets of SoBo.
“Somehow, Dickey, I expect this will all be a little disheartening. I think strip-shows do exactly that, they strip away and blur the beauty, the love, the real-ness of sex and replace it with some dull, bored expression. They become the opposite of intimacy, they become a degenerate show of nothing less than humanity’s capacity for self-degradation.”
Arden’s forehead creased with the difficulty of processing the complexity of his own off-the-cuff analogy. After a few seconds spent reviewing his last statement for illogic, he continued his impromptu philosophizing:
“You buy your ticket and it’s like making a deposit into an account for one’s own funeral plot or … Or like buying used panties from a Japanese vending machine on a lonely train platform where suicidal desperadoes leap into forever, reveling in the mangling wheels and their fifteen seconds of fame.”
They were at it now refill for refill. Arden’s fourth was getting to him, and he earnestly hoped he’d get no more maudlin than that previously adlibbed speech indicated he presently was. Maudlin depression was a characteristic he abhorred in drunks.
Dickey, however, immediately looked for the art, even in the most banal of statements, and usually found himself successful.
“I say, Arden, what sterling oratory! Indeed, that’s not half bad! Paid for sex is like a vending machine, hmm? You insert your coins, make your selection and press the appropriate buttons. Deep within the bowels of the machine there’s some mechanical grumbling, the gears ratchet noisily along, and, with a grunt, out pops your very own little sweetie.”
“You open the flap and extract the prize,” continued Dickey, “Only it’s less attractive than its picture and rather stale to boot. Eternally disappointed, you catch sight of yourself in the glass door’s reflection and it’s likewise not a pretty picture, so you shuffle off, hoping no-one has witnessed your sordid little act of debauchery. Like an existential Forrest Gump… Hmm. It’s not bad, but it’s a movie for the Europeans, not we uptight Indians!”
Ambivalently, Arden accepted another pre-mixed vodka and raspberry drink from his friend’s perfectly stocked minibar, which was tailor-made for the confines of the Ambassador, and decided to at last spill the beans, yes, spill all of them.
“There’s more, I’m afraid, Dickey … You might even call it a prequel. You see, I think I’ve fallen for a girl - yes, yes, Dickey, an actress, of course - and it’s all gotten a bit depressing because it simply cannot be allowed to happen. It’s Werther-esque, even.” Guy gossip became a friendly duel of wit, innuendo and obscure literary references.
Sober, they’d have both seemed pretentious wankers, talking like this. Pickled, they were so deeply profound in their commentary, Arden half wished for a stenographer. Such intelligent annotations regarding their well-lived lives ought to be recorded, he thought, wistfully. For posterity, perhaps?
“It’s like carting around an illicit parcel in one’s pocket,” Arden continued, making it up as he went along, “Only the parcel keeps growing until it’s all you’re aware of - that large cumbersome package next to your groin, becoming more and more disconcerting with every passing day.”
“Ah, yes, the illicit parcel in your pants that mysteriously gains weight … and size. Quite, quite disconcerting - or so I’ve heard. You tire your right hand holding it until, exhausted, you swap to your left. Throwing caution to the wind, you pull the damn thing out and leave it on a park bench, like a guilty, throbbing little secret. But someone always sees you and draws your attention back to it. It’s like a disease that you can’t quite cure, a drug that you can’t quite kick.”
Dickey positioned his index finger alongside his nose as if thoughtfully assessing a painting in a gallery. He was becoming drunk, no doubt, but he could still play his preferred roles.
“Well, it’s not bad, Arden, but it just won’t pass those bastard bloody censors here in India. As I said, it’s more a prospect for the sophisticated European market! Especially the Germans, if you throw in some coprophilia, that is.”
“Wait. No, yeah. Is that what I was trying to say?” asked Arden, referring to Dickey’s interpretation, and wondering if he was slurring his words yet.
“Yes, of course it was! Beneath that horny exterior of yours lurks a soul of pure art!”
Arden had a pithy rejoinder ready for when the tears from his laughing had finally abated, but by then Rasta announced that they were arrived at Hepburn’s. As bow-tied doormen reached out to open the passenger doors, Arden and Dickey lurched onto the pavement and gazed about blinking, alcoholyzed to the gills. They were guffawing like donkeys and ready for anything Mumbai could show them, if it was ready for them to be its witness.


CHAPTER FIVE.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Governing sense, mind and intellect, intent on liberation, free from desire, fear and anger, the sage is forever free” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Before they entered the clandestine backroom behind the cabaret nightclub proper, ignoring as they went the reproachful glances at Arden’s attire by staff, Dickey briefly recounted to his companion the history of its proprietor, the singular Ms. Babs Khan. His attempt to communicate was surprisingly successful considering how tightly affected he was by the drink, but Dickey was impassioned, so naught could slow him (except an indifferent audience, of course).
Fortunately, the slight slur to his speech gave it timbre and depth, Arden felt like saying, for he was inclined to encourage his friend, as drunks tend to do, in between shoulder-hugging statements of their love and lifelong devotion to each other, of course.
And so, Dickey gave forth about the background behind Babs to nothing less than a staunch and committed listener. In the early days of Bollywood, he extolled, she’d been a star of considerable clout, experiencing many of the tremendous triumphs and few of the dreadful deflations which practitioners of the thespian arts are usually prone to. But with the advancing years the head-lining roles had inevitably evaporated. She could have settled for extras work or bit-parts, as many has-beens do, enduring the humiliation with varying degrees of disenchantment, or even tried her hand at directing (Babs certainly had the requisite contacts, Dickey winked salaciously) but instead she went into directing of a different kind (Dickey had a go at a second salacious wink but it turned, somehow, into a drunken leer).
Her cabaret cum whorehouse would be unique, classy, and most importantly, expensive. This, she planned astutely. It would be a venue for tastefully discreet encounters between Mumbai’s wealthy and their choice of the many bright young things who were just starting out in the Bollywood acting game. Its claim to distinction would be the well-drilled male and female floorshow, and she named the venture after her favorite Hollywood actress, that near-anorexic girl from Breakfast at Tiffany’s.
It would not be a venue in which the performers (for that’s what she called all her employees) actually lived: Hepburn’s was not to be that kind of establishment. Besides, Babs correctly predicted, most of her ‘cast’ would be expected to have sugar-daddies providing them with comfortable, self-contained quarters somewhere private, somewhere elsewhere.
And every prospective member would first be interviewed and not all who could afford the joining fee would be accepted. In that regard it would not be unlike an exclusive country club, and good references would go a long way to securing membership.
Her performers would only ever be able to meet clients with respectable positions and/or considerable funds and if a man was overly boorish at the door, he would not be admitted. Or re-admitted, if the individual had already secured membership, despite acceptable assessments of character and hand signed Letters of Recommendation having accompanied their application. Babs was intent on ultra-exclusivity for Hepburn’s membership.
The bouncers at Hepburn’s would be the biggest in Mumbai, although they would also be the best mannered. The police would, thanks to timely payment of the appropriate Baksheesh, always overlook the fact Hepburn’s bouncers were armed to the teeth and as illegally equipped as any terrorist.
All of Bab’s towering plans were eventually fulfilled and Hepburn’s was extremely successful, and remained, most importantly, scandal-free.
Babs herself was indefatigably charming and poised. Conversation with her rarely detoured into the gutter. Although she knew a few ‘non-vegetarian’ jokes - so-called because of their fleshy content - she could also quote all the authors du jour and she made a point of mixing with culture vultures of considerable rank and standing. Even gallivanting Royalty from tiny, obscure European countries she had never before heard of had visited Hepburn’s - not that the press or the paparazzi ever got wind.
Dickey’s modern history lesson was still in full swing when Babs - yes, the notorious Babs Khan in person - came to the back entrance to meet them, emerging from the nightclub’s back entrance like a lotus blossom breaking the oily surface of a sewage pond.
Petite, elegantly be-jeweled and with a most convincing platinum blonde wig atop her squarish, botoxed face, she was the glittering picture of sophistication and a paragon of all the virtues (with the exception of her skill in prostituting pretty young things, of course). Babs was so confident in her domain, she needed only the occasional spray of a good perfume for body armor.
Suitably impressed, Arden shook his jacket square atop his shoulders, brushed down his jeans and once again tried to look like a worldly monkey. As the double width doors to Hepburn’s behind Babs opened a hot wave of Brazilian samba floating upon chilled nightclub air-funk groped the two men and seemed to instantly carry the Boss Lady aloft with its rhythms.
She floated for only a few seconds before apparently deciding to re-friend gravity, descending and efficiently nodding an instruction to her staff.
As her boys immediately shut the dance floor doors behind their magical, majestic paymaster, she enthusiastically ushered her two guests into the grotto-like foyer dotted with electric fireflies. It took a few seconds for their eyes to deal with the switch from neon lit dance floor to the dimmer lighting of the interior room.
Pupils widened as their sight gradually accustomed to the gloom, intended to make even the most over-worked whore appear fresh and young. But Babs was such a ruthless hirer and firer, her staff were exquisite, and rarely needed to avoid key lighting, even at four in the morning. Perhaps the subdued illumination was actually designed to make the overworked male patrons a little less unattractive ...
“So delightful to be seeing you again, Dickey!” Babs gushed sincerely. “I was only yesterday telling Ribor that in all of the Mumbai, the Kumars are my most favorite people. I do hope your darling Charles is well?”
Arden somehow knew intuitively that the reference to Dickey’s wife was not made with malicious intent and that the Ribor she referred to was the famous Bollywood scenarist, for he was known to be a cavorting hedonist with an eye for trim young men.
Babs was at least sixty years of age, but expert surgery, sensible nutrition and regular exercise had kept her poised, glowing and confident. She led the two naughty boys into her sumptuous, sound-proofed office, conscious of her still attractive rear which the two men were forced to follow. Inside her inner sanctum, the framed posters and photographs of Ms. Khan in her glory days made Arden’s photo with Charlie Sheen seem positively dilettantish.
With a high voltage smile, Babs indicated chairs whose surfaces had been polished by the backsides of countless mustachioed Maharajahs, pissed politicians, overbearing oil sheiks and other Bollywood head honchoes.
They had missed the last act of the nine o’clock floorshow by a matter of minutes, she explained, as the pair took their seats, and another would not be on for at least one and a half - no, one and a quarter - hours.
Meanwhile, she passed out sumptuously glossy comp cards, like menus for carnal merriment, while a waiter took their actual drink orders. Dickey seemed to be quite taken by the handsome attendant and Babs duly noted the attraction for future reference.
It was then that Arden discerned in the pamphlet the photo of a teenage girl’s face, a face he found disturbingly familiar. It was a most unexpected shock. His mind began to turn some rarely worked gears in stealth: ‘Was the girl in the brochure’s name really “Bonny”?’ He wondered about the bob-haired girl whom he was sure he’d once seen meeting with Chandy in the foyer of The Arms. Whoever she was, this mysterious “Bonny” girl was obviously a close friend of the wannabe starlet. Then his mind’s engine engaged some other, less naive cog-wheels in his brain and produced an entirely original but disturbing question: ‘Could Chandy herself be one of Babs’ performers?’
The question was of Earth-shattering importance: ‘COULD CHANDY HERSELF BE ONE OF BABS’ PERFORMERS?’
He could think of no satisfactory response so, impetuously, he decided he would apply for a full membership pronto and he also decided to always be on his best behavior there at both the front and back door venues of Hepburn’s, that high class Mumbai institution slash den of iniquity.
For the time being, however, he deliberately denied the babble and uproar in his head and maintained what he hoped was a dignified, even suave, silence. He had read about such things in novels, but this was his first attempt in real life, and it was not easy, given the degree of his intoxication.
A sudden gale of recklessness blew hotly through him and he desperately wanted again to ask Babs about Chandy, but a self-protective part of his brain found its solid feet, and in a voice like a learned professor getting too chummy with a promising student, said: ‘Wait! Wait until another visit - just shut your stupid mouth and wait until you’re sober, idiot! You can get her, but not right now.’
Arden gulped his complementary vodka martini (Dickey and Babs must have quite a history for her to treat him, a complete stranger, a foreigner, a man entirely unknown to Babs, with what was the greatest hospitality, he ruminated), and he gulped his vodka again, in what he hoped appeared to be a carefree way, but instead drunkenly sent the liquor on a catastrophic journey down the front of his shirt.
Dickey was faring little better for he was so drunk his drink slopped over as he tried simply to adjust his seat position. They simultaneously raised their glasses for more, caught each other’s eyes and convulsed into concurrent paroxysms of laughter, and Babs couldn’t help but smile at the two naughty boys, although the change of expression in her taut face was difficult to discern in this Back Room light.
They were still just two inebriated alumni from Boston, from the mostly good old USA, and Babs invisibly indicated ‘No more!’ to the obedient waiter. Bottled water was instead brought out but she was not actually unhappy with the two men. Dickey was her friend and therefore, so too was Arden. And she knew from hard experience the difference between a happy drunk and a mean drunk.
As Arden saw the waiters bring in iced buckets of mineral water for the two slightly recalcitrant ex-sophomores he also saw materialize from he knew not where, a two and a half foot long-black, polished-bone cigarette holder (such an elegant gesture to all the poor little Audreys, the call-girls with hearts of gold from many a diverse Hollywood movie but precious few from Bollywood), except that the iconic prop Babs held had wrapped in its carefully made cigarette several methamphetamine-based chemicals.
With a flourish of her film prop cigarette holder, Babs prepared to answer a question Dickey asked her about a picture of her with a young Amitabh Bachchan, India’s most famous Bollywood star, and she started reminiscing out loud on the most fascinating tale about one of their many secret rendezvous, slowing occasionally as she pulled on what some (less generous critics) might call her long, black, crack pipe.
As he accepted the offer from Babs of the pipe, which was so tapered and thin it could have doubled as a rapier in the final fight scene twixt Laertes and Hamlet, he remembered the hashish parlors, Paan-sellers and opium dens. There were chemical thrills aplenty in Mumbai, and part of the excitement of living there was the ever-present chance of one unexpectedly stumbling upon such a thrill.
And, in a different mode after his toke, he remembered the crowded Islamic mosques and the multi-god Hindu temples, for he knew just enough of Marx to believe that religion is the opiate of the people. A chemical thrill converted – transmogrified - into an imaginary friend in the sky?
But chemical thrills can be bettered by nature. Exercise. Fasting. Abstinence. Most relevantly, Arden remembered the ascetic Sannyasi from outside his hotel and other holy men who had reached such an elevated level of spiritual nirvana they could wander about naked.
For they, the ash-covered ones, as unclothed almost as the day they were born, had relinquished all humanity, in some cases, even its organized religions, and were entirely free from hate or jealousy or desire. What a natural high they must be riding, he thought. This enviable state was surely what any sane man would and should aspire to: The Freedom and Absence of Doubt, Longing and Inhibition.
Not knowing why, he suddenly tried to stand but the room then was deprived of its usual atmospheric characteristics such as gravitational pull, and he felt unsure of which way was up and which way was down. He was mildly surprised to find himself vomiting chunky white chowder onto his shoes. He couldn’t remember eating anything that looked like the semi-digested mess now covering his feet, which a Hepburn’s boy was already demurely cleaning off.
He staggered sideways as the room rocked and then rolled before it quite unexpectedly rolled again and apparently lost all of its oxygen. The bouncers helped him to his feet as he regained consciousness. 
Momentarily refreshed, their faces wiped clean by a handful of Hepburn’s steaming-hot, damp, rolled-up white towels, Dickey and Arden emerged from the nightclub’s Back Door, drunk, swaying and as attractive as two bullfrogs escaping a roadside pool of ditchwater. This despite the eager attempts by staff to brighten them up.
The bow-tied musclemen on the door, who naturally enough recognized and understood such alcohol-induced incapacity then, under Babs alert eye and with unintelligible sighs of ‘Here-we-go-again’ exasperation, good-naturedly helped the wasted pair to the Ambassador with the aid of the ever diligent Rasta, where they also inadvertently also admitted Mr. Vacuum and his Entourage of Unconsciousness. As a result, Arden’s surroundings generously changed their color to a serene, deep and velour-lined black as he passed out and was comfortably conveyed back to Chez Kumar.


CHAPTER SIX.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “All works are being done by the energy and power of nature, but due to the delusion of ego, people assume themselves to be the doer” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Arden came to the next day, gently layered between the soft, luxuriously high thread-count Egyptian sheets of a slightly lavender-scented, king-sized bed in one of Dickey’s many guest rooms.
Sensing the good luck he was not instead prostrate in a Mumbai gutter - robbed, or even robbed and knifed - he stretched his limbs, checking for anomalies. He had a feeling that last night he had come perilously close to experiencing just that feared outcome: Robbed, wounded, disorientated, being prodded by uncaring street urchins as he lay in the mud and filth and he felt relieved. His wallet he retrieved from his trusty shoulder satchel and its contents seemed undisturbed. A sigh of relief.
But despite the safety and beauty of his morning surrounds, all he could really wonder at was how he could stop the feeling like his brains were leaking out his ears. He was very hung over and it took him a few moments to realize where it was he had actually awoken at. The shock of the high quality furnishings perplexed his already misplaced mind.
It was the horror of wealth, the embarrassment of affluence that threw him, worried him, and it stung his hungover sensitivities like a dull wasp. The lavishness set him off thinking strange thoughts about class struggle and other lofty ideals which he should, of course, have been writing down or recording as he thought them. Some of our most memorable and profound ideas about life come to we writers when in that awful condition, that valium-dependent phase between the alcoholic craving for another drink and the Delirium Tremors that set in when it’s not forthcoming.
‘Writers should wake up in surrounds as squalid as those their characters live in, not in what looks like the bedroom of a five-star hotel suite,’ he lectured to himself, as he surveyed the opulence all about him. Dickey had spared no expense on this spare room (indeed, he sometimes made use of it himself when in need of some peace and quiet if he’d become embroiled in a rare cat and dog fight with Charles: He never caved in, incidentally. Dickey always got what he wanted, one way or another).
If Arden had thought his friend Dickey was rich, however, he’d have only been correct with regard to the least easily amassable of all wealth: self-satisfaction. Richard Kumar, the man, the Filmi Wallah, was the scion of an impressive familial heritage, the possessor of a most desirably addressed house and the occasional lover of an eternally forgiving wife, and those attributes made him content.
His children were all grown-up, well-married, and had built their own fortunes. But his own finances, he was soberly reminded every time he met with an advisor or bank manager, were an embarrassing mess.
Income from his chosen profession, scriptwriting, although lucrative in the past, had become sporadic and unpredictable. It was only the trickle of royalties from many-years-old screen successes that were keeping him afloat at the moment and he really, badly, desperately, needed to write another hit screenplay.
No, his actual wealth was not real estate, nor anything else bankable, but instead lay in his almost constant state of contentment, for Dickey had learned how to live his life well, that is, according to his carefully considered principles.
He stood in stark contrast to the redoubtable Ishmail Najmudden, whom neither Dickey nor Arden had at that stage yet met, but who was waiting in the Mumbai wings, entirely unwashed of sin, and who would be making his unwelcome entrance shortly in this narrative.
But even if you’d already known this character Ishmail quite a while you might not yet be aware of his actual prosperity, for apart from his attire, he was not one to put his wealth on display. He would have regarded the unashamed, showy opulence of Chez Kumar with a horror similar to Arden’s.
His respect for money was closely aligned to his understanding that money’s magic lay in its effortless ability to make more money. And that valuable, magical ability was cut short the moment the money was not invested but was instead spent. Thus, every single expenditure had to either be necessary to keep him stocked with his day-to-day, run-of-the-mill, accountable items, or else would arguably contribute to an investment proposition of some kind. Every rupee he spent had to be justified for its spending cut short his investing and that meant he could, conceivably, one day, find himself poor again. Ishmail’s ears were always finely pricked, listening for that depressing sound of his cash’s wing beats as it flew away, never to be seen again.
So, he caged his finances jealously. There was no flashy car, no precious jewels, no army of servants for this unusual Mumbai millionaire. Chandy, however, had realized Ishmail’s golden liquidity almost immediately …
Clothes maketh the man, she had read somewhere, and Ishmail’s suiting was A-grade and quite exclusive and, needless to say, expensive (but he would have justified the costly purchase of his apparel with the truism that quality never goes out of fashion, especially when it comes to the sartorial elegance of the man about town trying to make a name for himself. For a nicely dressed gentleman, doors through which one might otherwise be barred from passing through would open easily, with well-oiled smiles from servants, whereas more worthy candidates for admission were instantly dismissed because they just didn’t look the part).
From the cut of his blazer to the leather of his soles, Ishmail’s garb projected high-priced eminence and Chandy had wondered from the very start at the possibility of fixing her sails to his deliciously rich breeze for a while, even if her instincts told her the winds would possibly - no, must inevitably - blow foul under this particularly unattractive but desirably wealthy Skipper someday.
But we digress in considering Ishmail so intently at this point in the proceedings, for he is yet to be called onto the stage.
***
Further to the subject of money, Arden’s squalid half-wish that he might, through the spending of a little of his own earnings, purchase the sexual attentions of Chandy via Hepburn’s, was futile. She had never worked there, Babs later responded to his cautious enquiry, and Arden thought she was quite probably telling the truth. Or diplomatically protecting the young girl’s anonymity. Or perhaps Babs was simply hoping to steer interest away from a former - no longer in her service - performer to a source of income producible by an incumbent lady artiste. Who could ever tell what motives lay behind the words of a brothel owner?
Especially when all her call-girls, consorts, hookers, escorts and pros were actually professionally trained and highly respected theatrical performers and not sex-workers at all, Babs constantly lied.
When a new Police Vice Squad was formed, they paid her a visit, unaware of the scheduled regularity of her bribe payments already in place with the Police, and asked her about her expectations of employees.
“I always have the highest of expectations regarding my performers. Why not come and see for yourself, when the next floorshow starts at 9 pm? Otherwise, the following performances are at 11 pm, 1 am and the final show will be at 3 am with the club closing promptly at 4 and re-opening 16 hours later at 8. Here are just a few complimentary booklets for tables seating 10 ... No, there is not an expiration date for these tickets ... Yes, they usually sell for US$150 a table: bring along as many of your colleagues as you wish,” she winked, as she handed over dozens of ten seats per table booklets of tickets to any of those officers who looked even remotely interested in being corrupted.
“No, I’m sorry. The tickets do not include complimentary food but I’m sure you will find that the Hepburn’s menu is quite reasonably priced. And chef is a magician in the kitchen!”
When Babs was using the Back Door stage for bona fide business she was always generous to men of certain, potential influence in Mumbai, for apart from dabbling in real estate she also invested in art and was proud to stage the gallery work of an artist-in-residence in the spring season each year.
No surprise, then, that every two hours the Back Door stage is occupied by the most professional (and beautiful) entertainers in India. The superbly maintained costumes worn by Babs’ sensationally talented performers were custom made right there in Mumbai. With extraordinary choreography from former Cirque du Soleil consultants, tech wizardry from music video makers for top pop stars and the discipline of Super Bowl cheerleading champs, Babs’ performers rarely missed a beat or fluffed a step.
Other experts were head-hunted from some of the most successful and unique nightspots from around the world. The emcee gave up his compering job at one of the lesser casinos in Las Vegas to deliver his well-rehearsed patter - thick with sexual innuendo - four times a night at Hepburn’s. The incredible complication of the lighting system beneath the Perspex dance floor where the less inhibited of patrons boogied responded to either the movements of those patrons, or, if Dion the DJ failed to entice the mostly middle-aged Indian clientele away from their $150 tables, he simply flicked a switch and the walls joined in, turning on a multi-beamed laser system that seemed to dance with the beats. Colored and scented smoke machines that don’t make old men sneeze chugged into activity. Non-staining bubbles burst harmlessly onto pure white suits. Topless Go-Go dancers were suspended in neon-barred birdcages high above the dance floor. This nightclub had it all. Very few visitors left the Back Room of Hepburn’s unimpressed by the full suite of its special effects. It was like sound stage, in a way, thought Arden.
Babs always promoted Hepburn’s to the police as an entertainment venue and not a brothel, eventually giving away hundreds of free passes to most of the local constabulary. But no officer, not even the Commissioner himself, got what their libidos really wanted without at least a token payment, and this relationship with the cops had never yet been compromised. Babs was respected for her unbending principles. And the regular US$500 in a brown paper envelope every month meant no tricky questions were ever asked.
Babs’ statement to Arden confirming that Chandy had never been a Hepburn’s performer was a double-edged let-down for Arden. Fortunately for his moral integrity, the young man was disappointed for only a minute or two, for the more noble aspect of his character, the greater part, which knew there would be no joy in ‘renting’ Chandy, quickly rose and exercised assertion. After all, the girl was underage. It would not only be immoral, it would be illegal, full stop.
So he reluctantly believed Babs when she said that Chandy was no call girl and Arden had to admit to himself that he was actually grateful she was still unavailable via the distasteful act of prostitution.
And besides which, he had recently been given promising, new hope via his relationship with the Old Clown, Chandy’s alcoholic Appa (whose actual name, he learned, was Mustapha Mitra). There, he thought, lay a somewhat better chance of affixing himself to her memory, ingratiating himself in her psyche, and eventually grooming her for the day when she came of age and he could take her on as his Bollywood mistress without feelings of guilt or impropriety.
Chandy’s loving father was desperately unwell and that gave Arden the perfect excuse for being around his Cuffe Parade shack, keeping the old man company, developing their friendship, and then, when necessary, running the occasional little errand.
Sooner or later Chandy would notice Arden as being a good, caring man, he was sure, and from there, well, who knew …
And how did Arden happen to become friends with the father of Chandy? The enterprising old vaudevillian Mitra had shown up on the studio lot one late afternoon trying to sell his hair tonic, just as audacious as any entrepreneur could be. Indeed, it was a good day for him, health-wise, for he was displaying none of the symptoms that often saw him bed-ridden rather than performing his much beloved and thoroughly rehearsed sales pitch.
Arden had been lolling about on the broken pavement, smoking and waiting for inspiration to hit him or for the casting call for the next day’s shoot to be announced - either would have been fine - when the shyster Mitra accosted him apropos of nothing.
Once eye contact had been made, Mitra’s inner conman took charge and the spell-like spiel began:
“Good day it is being to you, my fine, good Sir, and may I be saying to you how glorious the sun it is shining upon your crowning glory of hair and, ah, but wait. Do, Sir, let me see. Oh, Sir! Oh, my fine Sir! I am too unhappy to be telling to you some of the most terrible and awful news regarding your fine locks: It is to be going bald. No, Sir, not now, not even next months, if the gods they are smiling on you, but not long thereafter, not unless …”
In the interest of theatrical research, Arden let the salesman perform his entire shtick before duly purchasing a bottle (even though the thatch on his scalp was thick, robust in growth and at no risk of premature balding). He went through the process of haggling the salesman down to half the initial asking price as he knew to do otherwise would reveal him to be a brainless schmuck and encourage naught but disrespect from the salesman.
During the performance, however, Arden had deduced Mitra’s relationship with Film City, put two and two together and realized Mitra had been somehow inveigled onto the lot by Chandy, for she was none other but his daughter.
And so he began to actively cultivate a friendship, gleaning the old man’s home address over a leisurely cup of milky Chai. And that amity didn’t need to be forced, for although Arden thought the old bird perhaps a little senile, there was no denying the entertainment value of Mitra’s perfected performance character - which had formerly shone like a star afore the limelight and under the big top of several travelling circuses. Arden was kept quite busy taking character notes for his play writing.
Mitra had once been a popular, grease-painted, brightly costumed clown in many of the Hindi-language circuses that toured rural India. He went with his wife at his side in the eighties. Then, in the nineties, with his most prized possession - no, accomplishment was a better adjective for his bright as a newly minted paisa coin of a daughter - his vivacious little girl Chandramukhi, always at his side. Then he was widowed, as his wife died in childbirth trying to give her a baby brother. That was before (at her insistence), Chandy and he eventually made the pilgrimage to Bollywood.
Soon he was joining all the other hopefuls and eternal optimists in the queues at auditions and screen-tests and stoically thanking the audition-ers even after they apologized for wasting his time (it always turned out to be a younger clown that they were after). But Mitra knew the truth: Sick, old clowns, well, they could drop dead in the middle of a three ring show, thus summonsing an Ambulance, police … And an avalanche of customers demanding refunds.
When not herding foreigners about in his self-employment as an Extra’s Casting Agent or enjoying the free Wi-Fi as he e-communicated with potential publishers of his theater writing in the quiet corner of a foreigner-friendly cafe (Their menus were not only written in Hindi and Marathi, but also in English, German, French and Italian and the reasonably priced establishment was situated less than a block from The Arms), Arden would hurry away to the Cuffe Parade slum, navigating its internal paths glistening under oily slicks of shit, urine and stinking refuse, until he found Mitra’s flimsy cabin.
There he would sit next to the old man’s string bed for up to an hour, discretely typing notes amid the old man’s recollections, the slum’s wafting drifts of wood-smoke, burnt kerosene fumes and the ever-present tart fragrance of night soil. Then he would return to The Arms, if only for a good night’s sleep and to recharge his laptop computer’s battery.
When he visited, Mitra would recount to Arden barely believable stories of his youth in vaudeville with rheumy, sometimes slightly fevered eyes. Pouches of darkened skin hung under those dull eyes like swollen cloves of blackened garlic and his bald head - yes, the seller of hair restorer was himself completely cue balled - glistened in the kerosene-fueled lamplight.
Occasionally he sipped from a bottle of the useless hair tonic itself, for its alcohol content was not inconsiderable, and it was cheaper - at his distributor’s discount - than most domestic whiskies. Arden occasionally brought him the well-received gift of a little flask of domestic rum, for although he knew it was harmful to the old man’s health, he figured the hair tonic must be even more injurious.
Most interesting for the budding playwright was how the semi-retired actor still used his clowning skills in everyday life, addicted, it seemed, to a repertoire of skits that could always be counted on to elevate his audience’s spirits and, more pragmatically, to ward off criticism, opprobrium or even violence. Is it not a universal truth that aggressors can never stay gnashing their teeth and swinging their fists at someone who is simultaneously making them bend over double from laughing?
When he was not drunk or wheezing in bed Mitra could play the self-ordained role of Town Clown at full tilt, firing on all the cylinders of jest, but somehow always skirting clear of an overacted performance. His displays tended to the naturalistic and subdued, never really seeking an actual round of applause, although smiles and muffled hilarity inevitably ensued. There was often the whispered question: ‘Is he acting or is he for real?’
Once, when he hesitantly brought Sala to visit the poorly Mitra, the albino typically snarled out a sarcastic greeting and the Old Clown immediately acted the terrified, mother-less child. For nigh on five minutes he performed, pretending his pale-complexioned guest was a ghost come to haunt him.
Indeed, with his skin mottled white like cold lamb’s fat, Arden’s friend often inadvertently scared little children, but when Mitra cowered and cringed comedically even Sala himself cracked a grin. This was Mitra’s home and the Old Clown made it a glad place - comforting, healthy and positive - while outside, in the putrid mud and filth, the rate of bacterial decay was so swift Sala could have sworn it produced an audible hum.
When alone in his fragile shack made of materials scavenged from garbage, Mitra typically dressed in a grubby, off-white Dhoti kurta and spent most of his time just thinking of how he could get more liquor. The hair tonic tasted awful - if he was being honest.
Thus, if successful on a sales expedition he could hole up for days on end, with a crate of firewater at his side, constantly drunk and inconsolable. Mitra was not always a happy drunk. Although his daughter never saw that side.
When so morbidly affected by drink, he was known to fling open the plastic sheeting of his door and extemporize like a deranged Archangel. Half-naked and slurring, his drunken address soon gained the cadence and predictability of a campaign speech with the following bullet points:
1. His wife, died from his poison.
2. He, soon to die from incurable liver disease; and,
3. As if it were somehow responsible for the above: The death of India at the hands of an increasingly aggressive Islamic Pakistan.
All those in the slum knew death. But when it was so passionately linked to the Hindu/Muslim rift the response from other slumdwellers was either a rousing cheer or a damning curse, for the Indians and the Pakistanis have never been happy neighbors.
He was never accused of fakery. Mitra’s authenticity was helped by his choice of salesman clothes. His performance costume, when he reverentially unfolded it from the old man’s battered, tin trunk, was fundamental to his theatrical ritual, a consummation of stage fright and applause, spoken in the lofty religion of the harlequin. The donning of his clown costume allowed him to fully live.
At first glance he was all gray, all monotone. But beneath the tarnish were specks of color. A darkly stained, too wide, too flashy tie was knotted tightly beneath mismatching steel wing-tip collars and he wore ever-so-slightly too long, scuffed-black, sole-flapping shoes upon his Charlie Chaplin feet.
Mitra, the Little Old Tramp, could look melancholy, his grin apologetic, his orange hennaed beard trimmed but dull and his humor appropriately self-deprecating. He had a scruffy, long-suffering look about him that suited his performance chatter perfectly. He played a down-on-his-luck clown very well and if Mitra realized the irony he did well to ignore it.
When he’d first admitted to Chandy the fact he’d been living with for nearly a decade - that his health was seriously declining (it was around eighteen months ago when she first cried at learning of his predicament), Mitra had let his daughter convince him to give up dreaming of a return to the travelling circus.
The circus management had halved his already inadequate pay, were constantly threatening dismissal, and he let himself believe her claim that a talented performer such as he could get work in Bollywood. Hadn’t he once performed a skit in a TV commercial in Kerala? Hadn’t he been personally coached by that famous Bollywood comedic actor, known simply as Mahmood, for nine intensive months of physical clown training and then hadn’t he then played a background role in the 1974 hit, Raj Kapoor’s Mera Naam Joker? With his name in the credits, to boot!
Chandy acknowledged her duties as his only known kin and dutifully visited him two or three times a week with parcels of fresh fruit and nutritious food, or had lunch tiffin tins of healthy office worker fare sent to him, but they both knew he was going downhill.
She knew the time left was only a matter of months not years and she wondered if relatives, however distant, might show up and help her when the inevitable finally happened. But Mitra could no longer name a living relation apart from his devoted daughter and a globetrotting nephew last heard from in 2002 when in London.
His illness was proceeding steadily, although slowly, excruciatingly slowly, with the glue of aging making the journey problematic.
He had hardly a one in a Lakh chance of recovery, according to the slim young doctor who visited the slums once a month and performed his field clinic work for free. ‘Mitra’s hold on life was as tenuous,’ Arden’s playwriting mind thought, ‘As a primary schoolboy’s penciled swear word caught cowering beneath a nun’s eraser’. He liked that particular metaphor but wasn’t sure if he could use it in his play … Still, better written down than forgotten. But then he re-read it and realized it was rubbish.
Some of Mitra’s sick days were better than others. These non-rubbish days he exploited fully, smiling, leaping, well aware of their increasing value and rarity. On such uncommonly good days, Mitra returned to peddling his hair tonic with gusto, extolling the multitude of virtues of a preparation he described as his patented Authentic Ashtahvaidyan Ayurvedic Hair Restorer (or Triple A for short), complete with its secret formula of eleven hush-hush proprietary herbs and its veritable marsala of spices.
It was not, of course, the promise of flowing locks he sold his mostly foreign customers, but a captivating performance of Anglo-Indian-ness, complete with bona fide head waggle and charismatically obsequious, cheesy and overly flowered Hinglish speak.
It was the opportunity to perform his character for a live audience that Mitra truly relished and he would hang about the Gateway of India, carefully targeting those Western men who, despite the shine atop their heads, looked self-assured enough to not wilt from the subject of baldness. Those with happy, laughing lovers on the arm were the best prospects, for they were not usually so insecure in their appearance that they could not appreciate the salesman’s humor.
Their partners were also more likely to have learnt, like many wise women eventually do, that a middle-aged to elderly man with thick, youthful hair is either lacking in testosterone or sporting a wig, ala that Aussie cricketer, Ricky Pointing. And discovering either of these conditions in a lover augured badly for a woman in need of a real man.
At least the eleven secret herbs and spices of Triple A did no harm, even though they consistently failed to grow new hair on anyone’s naked pate, Mitra thought, as he made a show of his Victorian-era verbosity, spouting unnecessary politeness and elaborate courtesies as he delivered the charming, non-threatening patter that always sold at least a few passers-by a bottle or two of his over-priced snake oil. On those rare good health days Mitra might accost as many as nine or ten potential customers with his banter before the coughing and dry retching put an end to his performance art.
Sometimes, when Chandy was neither preparing for a casting call nor wardrobe assisting on the set, she would accompany her father as moral support (‘Or make-do nurse, if need be,’ she sometimes thought). It was on the last such foray along the boardwalks of Marine Drive that they had come across the before-mentioned Ishmail. Some days later, Arden was to meet the unhappy rich man himself.
Cue: Ishmail’s BIG ENTRANCE. Location: Mitra’s one-room shack in the Cuffe Parade slums.
Arden had brought the once-again ailing Mitra his favorite chicken Biryani for lunch and was listening to one of the old man’s many Big Top reminiscences when the most timid of knocks on the shanty door made them both look up.
The door swung open, slowly revealing a very tall, slope-shouldered, dark-skinned Indian man, big in proportion but still child-like in constitution. He seemed to be composed of cylindrical and spheroid forms, with far more puppy fat than a late twenties gent should have if not actually beset by a glandular condition. Many would, however, forgive him his roundness, for he was so elegantly dressed in a charcoal-colored, lightly pin-striped suit with lapels of a conservative width, a subtly patterned silk tie which was perfectly knotted, and a shirt of such crisp, blinding whiteness that even the light deposit of dandruff on his suit’s shoulders was made considerably less noticeable in the cotton radiance.
‘Regardless of its top-notch tailoring, the whole ensemble cannot hide the fact that this unknown young Indian man standing in the doorway is very paunchy and has considerably well-developed man-boobs!’ thought Arden, cattily but at least voicelessly.
Arden’s eyes continued to pan over the visitor’s countenance. Ishmail’s mustache looked like an old toilet brush, drooping from his upper lip onto the roughly mown stubble beneath. The whiskers did, however, have a practical purpose, as Arden was soon to learn, for they served an unexpectedly useful and cosmetic function whenever Ishmail opened his mouth. The two to three-inch-long bristles of his mostly grey-black mustache hid from view the worst of his jagged teeth, which, in their color and crookedness, resembled a vandalized graveyard.
And although not very freshly shaved, he was freshly scrubbed clean, Arden had to admit, and was as well-groomed as many successful Indian businessmen. Furthermore, Arden noted, Ishmail bore the familiar, comforting smell of Johnson and Johnson’s baby powder so depended upon by superstitious Indian mothers.
Yet there was no real reason, no obvious rationale for Arden to be as repulsed by the uninvited visitor’s presence as he so instantly was. No real reason? The yellowed fat in its folds and over-folds. The sloping posture. The jagged teeth. His loathing for Ishmail was entirely intuitive, even though it was immediate. His loathing would prove well-founded, eventually. The exudation of lymph, meanwhile, was pooling on Ishmail’s skin.
But even as he simply stood there, not saying a word, simply hunching over in the low doorway, Ishmail looked dangerous. Breathing, as if he had every right to, Arden thought, ungenerously. He was clutching a rather pathetic and drooping bunch of flowers (‘Wilted daffodils,’ sniffed Arden contemptuously) and a very large bottle of Johnny Walker.
The unexpected caller nervously chewed the inside of his cheek, the exact same spot where forensic detectives would one day probe (under the authority of a court order) in order to take swabs for DNA analysis, sampling his genetic material, as they would duly indicate in their laboratory report.
The Deoxyribonucleic Acid extracted from the squamous epithelial cells of his buccal mucosa would eventually provide the evidence to convict him of numerous sex crimes post-Chandy.
And then the man hunched over in the doorway spoke. It was an unusually coy and un-masculine voice, the same silty color as his mustache, Arden opined. Ishmail’s voice lurched, struggled and fought to convey in English the thoughts that thrashed about in his shadowy brain like bisected earthworms, forking and re-forking in hopeful tangents.
“Namaste, ah … Assalum aleikum. And … Ah, may God be with you. My good name is Ishmail Najmudden.”
The soft-bellied intruder managed to wheedle his introduction to Arden, the Old Clown’s erstwhile companion, all the while not taking his eyes off his own over-sized feet, nor giving any indication yet as to what his business there really was.
With the palms of his hands clasped together in a respectful Wai-like gesture, his greeting was certainly diplomatic - it conveyed deference for Hindus, Muslims and religious Westerners - but it also underlined his ambiguity. Neither Mitra nor Arden felt even an inkling of authenticity, let alone camaraderie, in Ishmail’s implied claim to being a fellow human being.
Indeed, Arden noticed that there was almost no vocal projection at all to Ishmail’s words, as if he, himself, was anything but authentic. The words barely had enough volume or strength to pass the doorstep of his mouth let alone the doorstep of Mitra’s shack.
Even greater was the distance into the hearts of either Mitra or Arden, for his utterances were like slivers of oily salmon served on wafers of bad breath and they whispered a promise only of betrayal or deception. In short, Ishmail’s voice made Arden shudder in an involuntary movement that he instantly regretted.
‘Damn! That shudder probably looked like a nod, and might therefore delay his exit,’ he thought, and his conjecture at what might happen next grew worrisome (for Ishmail was a much bigger man than Arden), yet also grew disproportionately to the actual risk he was undertaking (for Ishmail never took to violence when sober, and he was an infrequent drinker anyway).
Arden’s misgivings were unfounded, however, because Ishmail was actually terrified of him. As with most of his feeble attempts at conversing to strangers in the past, the Indian was dumb-struck for a number of seconds after speaking, as he carefully assessed the effect - if any - wrought by the words he had just squeezed out.
‘Why couldn’t he properly say hello to people?’ He berated himself as he had done a hundred times before. Eyes downcast, he studied the sharp creases in his impeccably pressed trousers and thought about how good they, at least, looked. So, after eventually wringing out his remaining uncertainty and sucking in some much-needed confidence, Ishmail prepared for another verbal sally upon the pair.
He was brandishing his gifts like weapons and with a wrench of his shoulders he made the briefest of eye contacts with Arden. But still, there was pleading in his voice, as Ishmail tried again: “This is for Mitra-ji,” he said carefully, indicating the whisky. “And this … This is for Miss Chandy.”
He held up the flowers like a schoolboy producing a hall pass. At the end of his shy performance he dared a nervous glance at his two-man audience, before guiding into place the thin, long hairs of his comb-over, an action of mechanical comfort in the life of a painfully uncomfortable soul.
Cruelly, Arden paused long and hard before replying. A million atoms of burnt bone dust from a nearby crematorium floated through the shack’s air and still he paused. Deliberately, enjoying the power.
He had been holding his breath but at last Ishmail had to exhale. And still Arden paused, prolonging the discomfort purposefully. Everyone present in that vacuum knew he would speak, but when? And then, like the blade of a blunt guillotine, his confident baritone cut the air:
“Your good name is Ishmail Najmudden? And your ‘bad’ name? What might that be?” Arden queried, and his dislike for the uninvited, ill-at-ease man became obvious. Ishmail was not so slow as to realize when a joke was being made at his expense, and the curly hairs on the back of his neck straightened and stood to attention, as Ishmail took umbrage at the slight. But there was more to come:
“And you know Mitra-ji? An old acquaintance of yours from clown school, eh? I love your costume!”
Arden spoke to the intruder in as denigrating a tone as he would never before have thought possible but not before he shot a questioning glance at Mitra, who responded with an infinitesimal shrug of his thin shoulders, as he eyed the bottle of Johnnie Walker with near-frantic anticipation. He was not so good that day and the whites of his eyes had yellowed the way milk ages and hardens into cheese, but he was always strong enough for a drink, both Arden and he knew that for an immutable fact.
“N ... N … No. I bought some hair t … t … tonic,” Ishmail tried to explain, and seemed surprised at himself for actually getting the words out. The achievement was not small.
“A return customer! Then come in, do come in!” Arden requested, barely concealing the derision in his darkly chuckled words.
Meanwhile, Mitra struggled to sit up in his webbed string Charpoy, smiling wanly at this man whom he barely remembered, let alone knew as a friend. But the Johnny Walker!
Then, after taking exactly one step over the threshold, such as it was, and as if acquiring a shot of adrenaline to his vocal cords with that positive move, Ishmail loudly asked, in an abruptly staccato, braying manner:
“And the whereabouts of young Chandy?”
Nothing was said and the long, pathological silence stuck for quite a long while, growing in weight as Ishmail’s concomitant humiliation also grew and they all present watched it slide down the invisible wall between them like a gobbet of spit skating slowly down a glass window.
Indeed, the two men in Mitra’s little tin and plastic hut had become suddenly painfully aware that the real and only objective of Ishmail’s visit was to woo the old man’s daughter child, who was so fortunately absent, and they were damned happy she was elsewhere anyway.
The visitor’s Picasso-cubed face struggled to open up. He sought to endear himself through transparency, but his expression remained tightly folded despite the care he had taken at home to grease and round the corners.
Then his sweaty left cheek muscle twitched and, with it, his toilet-brush mustache took a caterpillar leap towards his ear. Ishmail then made the ill-advised decision to convert the twitch into a smile, with the result being the caterpillar spread itself right across his face in a ragged, unappealing line.
This was neither a convincing nor reassuring facial expression. Rather, thought Arden, the smile looked like it had been rented from a cheap, street-side market stall without the customer checking first to see if it even fitted, and it started to fade away the moment its owner realized the smile was not about to be returned.
Ishmail’s facial expression thus devolved quickly from insidious smile to stealthy smirk to menacing sneer. Finally, it puckered - anus-like - into the more natural position for Ishmail … that being a furtively sinister grimace.
As the realization he was actually unwelcome there filtered slowly through to his consciousness, dull sparks began to fly from the steely cogwheels in his mind and that was where his anger grew its multitude of talented but evil siblings.
Cue: Ishmail’s BIG EXIT. Location: Still Mitra’s one-room shack in the Cuffe Parade slums.
Upon comprehending the sheer futility of this visit regarding his intended commencement of Chandy’s official courtship, Ishmail beached his fat eyes in the now firmly established void of purpose. He shook his disproportionately big head with fast agitation, as if it were on oiled hinges.
He had to leave. The idea of remaining in Mitra’s slovenly, dirt-floored shack where spiders embroidered the low roof with cobwebs of wispy filigree and where mice built equally complicated networks of tunnels beneath and between the walls, was suddenly and simply quite preposterous for a man of his standing and sartor. He was above this old, dying, alcoholic vagrant and his bad-mannered, foreigner friend so Ishmail jettisoned the romantic plans that had brought him there, while the dark current of emotion surging within him at that moment caused acidic heat to rise from his humiliated gut until it blistered and burned at the back of his eyes.
All politeness and deference was gone now. Instead of demurring, he deliberately pushed his offerings into Arden’s hands with enough force to wrong-foot the smaller American, who slipped and almost fell.
Ishmail sneered and laughed through his nose. He hated all that he saw. He could see no reason to stay.
This old man was dying and was in no position to deny him the right to court Chandy, so he’d do it with or without the father’s blessing.
There were no other relatives so far as he could determine, and once Mitra was gone, it would be easy. He would get her, he now knew, because there was no-one capable of stopping him.
Beneath the three men, and alongside the hut, the tunneling mice sensed the atmospheric change, felt the molecular structure of the human to human interaction above them change direction. But like the spiders, they couldn’t care less. ‘That’s just what humans do’, they sniffed haughtily: ‘Waste energy arguing when they could be catching food.’
Dismayed not by the passive-aggressive move of Ishmail’s which almost made him flounder, but by the close proximity and hence unavoidable inhalation of the big man’s putrid breath (which, he noted for his play, was ‘like that of a diseased and dying buzzard, coursing across un-brushed, decaying, crocodile teeth’), Arden regained his footing, turned and looked for somewhere in the shelf-less hovel to deposit the sad, yellow flowers. He handed the bottle of whiskey to Mitra, who wisely used both of his trembling hands to receive its impressive girth.
Reflecting for a second on Ishmail’s halitosis, Arden wondered if his own informal minor experiment in oral hygiene would work. He had gotten very sick in his first few days in The Goodwin Arms, after naively consuming an iced treat after a lavish restaurant meal. Naturally enough, he realized in hindsight, the frozen dessert had been made with local tap water, and the revived micro-organisms had themselves a great time in his digestive tract.
For almost a week they partied, curdling his insides, forcing him to run back and forth to the mosquito-loud toilet in a despair of diarrhea.
Thus, keen to build up his resistance to the local microbiology, Arden began gradually exposing his immune system to ever so slightly larger numbers of Mumbai’s nasty water-borne germs every day, as he brushed his teeth in the communal Goodwin Arms bathroom.
But it was no rigorous scientific study. It was guesswork. Soon he would enter the second stage of his ‘experiment’, in which he would swallow a tiny sip, instead of more safely spitting out the tainted water. In this way, he hoped, his body would eventually learn to cope with the invisible but dangerous life that swarmed by the millions in every glass of water anyone drew from a Bollywood faucet.
Arden lingered for another moment as he pondered his experiment and was not unpleasantly surprised to realize that Ishmail had disappeared by the time he had turned back. Nevertheless, the writer knew he had just found a new character for his play, and he longed for his laptop, locked safely away in The Arm’s fire-proof safe.
Mitra, on the other hand, seemed not so critical or even cynical. With homeostasis, his cracked voice healed.
“See it, Dr Pyle, the Triple A hair restorer creates many grateful patrons. Relaxes the mind. Frees the spirit. All else it is delusion!” declared Mitra, as he shakily poured himself three fat fingers of Ishmail’s whisky, not understanding the situation at all, apart from knowing the flowers were yet another gift for the siren Chandy, his ever-alluring daughter, and that he was the happy recipient of a high alcohol content windfall that didn’t taste like drain cleaner.
“My faithful customers,” the old man continued, ecstatically, “They’re always being so full of the thanks for this wonderful, wonderful Triple A tonic!” He was singing now.
The patient was happy and Arden could see no benefit in changing his sick friend’s mood, for no-one knew how much happiness was left for Mitra in this world.
Nevertheless, Arden knew that if one understood the situation re the siren Chandy one understood all the previous few minute’s proceedings completely, really. Arden suspected an unpleasant incident was developing, for he sensed this Ishmail chap was a monster on the prowl and Chandy was his new target.
Afterwards, as the ever-alluring daughter duly arrived (and the curtain rose for the Second Act as she made her own dependably well-timed Entrance), and the preceding encounter with Ishmail was relived, she impressed Arden again. Her natural quarter-pout was rapidly replaced by a cold, hard sneer and condescending laughter. “Ishmail! That lump!”, she adjudicated, tossing the weight of her hair dismissively. And Adren laughed. He would have laughed at anything she said, even if he’d not been listening. But he would always listen to her …
In between half-swallowed smirks, Chandy described her first meeting with the big-boned schmuck on the walkways of Marine Drive only a few weeks before. She was with her father when he sold him a bottle of the scented alcohol for his thinning hair. Like the overweight, overdressed American tourists he vaguely resembled, he hadn’t even tried to haggle over the price! As with her father, Chandy was a good judge of flawed character and gullible disposition and Ishmail scored poorly on both tests.
The frivolity of the financial transaction between Mitra and Ishmail was overlooked by all - nobody really believed the hair tonic could actually work. As long as the Old Clown’s routine worked. And it did. Meanwhile, there on the boardwalk, people in rags were ignored as they unselfconsciously defecated along the sea-wall and waif-sized, half-naked children, some deliberately maimed by well-meaning parents so as to garner greater sympathy from the cash-loaded tourists, stretched out at least one grime-encrusted hand in the hope of a spare coin. 
The strolling scenic route had much to offer in the way of human tragedy, but heedless to such human problems and machinations, the waves of the Indian Ocean buffeted the grey-brown, tetrahedral rocks below the Marine Drive towpath relentlessly. The tide lived, floating rubbish into the crevices, sending sewage out to sea, and reminding all capable of understanding that the seven islands Mumbai once was had been forcibly joined by man into one, against nature herself.
The land reclamation effectively made Mumbai a serious contender for the title of The True Capital of India, but it was duly fated to one day be reclaimed by the sea, thought Arden. He understood the city better than many who had been born and raised there, for he sensed impermanence in the city’s wet future.
The darkening waters would rise, engulf and drown the metropolis, they would wear down and flood low-lying SoBo and everything in it: The fenced ovals, cricket pitches and maidans; the Brabourne Stadium; the well-kept Bombay University grounds; the stately Victoria Terminal; the towering Raj Mahal and Oberoi Grand hotels; the low-slung, tied together slums (both legal and illegal); the languid hashish and opium dens; the official corruption; the grinding poverty; the opportunistic crime; the Goddamned everything that made Goddamned Mumbai the Goddamned human cesspool many considered it to be.
But the criminals on elevated Malabar Hill, well, they might end up surviving. Whosoever said there was fairness and equality in this world was an idiot or a flat-Earther.
Mumbai’s very foundations were shaky.
Nothing was square in this city, precious little was plumb and it would all soon enough prove to be a metropolis built upon shifting sand. Bombay/Mumbai/Bollywood was a municipality of human illusions and all illusion is fleeting, for the pitiless sea will always win in the end in any battle with the shoreline real estate.
Arden doubted Ishmail had ever had swimming lessons and suddenly India just made a little bit more sense to him.
***
He saw Ishmail lurking around the Cuffe Parade shanty town several times after that first meeting on the boardwalk, although the ugly big man always pretended to be doing something else, which he was, with his right hand deep and mobile in his pocket.
The face was contorted into a disturbing wolf-grin if eye contact with Arden was made, as if the Hyderabad reject was somehow conspiring with the American.
Arden pointedly snubbed him and yet the charade was shamelessly repeated the next week. The wary Casting Agent wondered how long it would be before the stalker in the tailored suit and expensive shirts discovered his and then Chandy’s secret address at The Goodwin Arms and began stalking both her and him there.
Arden even wondered if Ishmail would have the chutzpah to harass him when he returned to his rooms - quizzing him about Chandy’s comings and goings, standing over him like an armed Goonda to learn of her likes and dislikes, strong-arming him to discover her plans and dreams. As the thought of being in Ishmail’s unwelcome company overtook his imagination, his disgusted body shivered and he felt the sudden need to spit and rinse his mouth clean.
Arden had come to love The Arms: What was for Chandy a sanctuary was for him a palace and he intended to guard his residency there jealously against all intruders, especially those with malevolent intent of a sexual nature against either his friends, his colleagues, or, as in this case, his own personal - if unofficial - responsibility, the welfare of sweet young Chandy.
But the problem was compounded by the fact he could never tell just what Ishmail was thinking. His eyes always had that same glassy look. Sometimes they reminded Arden of a Gila monster or, even more accurately, a toxin-drooling, Komodo dragon, and he half-expected a forked tongue to dart out from beneath that toilet-brush mustache.
Yes, Ishmail was a reptilian freak, cold-blooded and riddled with moral leprosy, no doubt, but Arden couldn’t read him the way he could other Indians and he couldn’t even assume the pervert would even do what was in his own best interests.
Thus Arden cultivated his distinct dislike and distrust for this man, this Ishmail what’s-his-name, with his expensive suits, his polished leather shoes, his impeccable silk ties and his complete inability to ever look even slightly at ease in them. And his dislike grew.


CHAPTER SEVEN.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “The serenity of mind, gentleness, silence, self-restraint, and the purity of mind are called the austerity of thought” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

“I wish I could simply be forgetting everything! I wish I could be void of all thought, like the vegetable so fortunately is. How can I blot it all out like the little people do it?” he muttered out loud to himself, for that was Ishmail’s number one desire, the primary aspiration that affected every waking decision of his life, even though his life had not been one beset with abuse most horrible, nor injustice most egregious.
Still, the dream of a worry-free existence hounded him. Western psychologists would have called his suffering by the unassuming name of anxiety, perhaps, but his ataraxia was debilitating regardless of the label. It would be surprising to any such psychologists, those who actually examined Ishmail’s case, to learn that he had not succumbed to the addictions of drugs nor alcohol in a quest to self-medicate.
Second of his mental afflictions was his need to not feel any sexual desire. ‘Or was that really just a more complicated permutation of the first?’ wondered the unfortunate, lumpen Ishmail. Certainly the two were connected in the numerous ganglions of his restless brain that found themselves associated with guilt or pressing up against shame. He was alone in his apartment and under such circumstances, when those ganglions were fairly jangling, his thoughts became mawkishly forlorn.
His mind was mal-lingering on the subject of fornication - he very much hated the word ‘sex’ - and Ishmail was despairing to the extent he was prepared to do anything for relief.
Although it terrified him, Ishmail wondered about lopping off his troublesome penis: Surely that would negate all lust? He could afford to have it done by the world’s best … certainly, and ... But at such moments of great hormonal import, his testosterone spoke up from its sturdy soapbox, and the idea was never formally entertained again.
Cancelling out the demands of his rogue organ occupied far too much of his cerebral energy and on the many occasions when he had failed to rope it in, his raging manhood had twisted some unpleasant effects into his corporal life. There were numerous public locations that were never to be revisited, no matter how much better off financially he now was. Some outrages could not be extinguished by the rupee.
Arousal was a state he had never learnt to enjoy, unlike most young men. It was a frightening visitor, lacking body but possessing all strength. If it had been at all concrete, he would have taken it by force and wrapped it in cheesecloth, and then pounded it with a mallet until all its essence had seeped through the weave, strained spent and harmless. Then he would have taken the remaining husk of his sexual desire and incinerated it … And felt some freedom at last.
But such dreams were impossible, and once again, in Mumbai, that wrinkled grey slug which, when fueled by his rapacious hormone-factory testicles, could sprout into a towering telescope of blood-engorged purple muscle, and which was making him enact stupid, risk-taking behaviors for the sake of a mere girl-child. Although, even at the exquisite, tender age of newly turned fifteen, the girl named Chandy was more than legal in most parts of his India.
His hometown, for example. Ishmail had been the only son of a successfully ruthless Hyderabad politician and widower who had discreetly paid off several local complainant’s parents with serious Baksheesh over Ishmail’s unwelcome sexual advances, all the while defending the imprudence of his son as mere teenage indiscretions and bullying them with his own twisted take on morality. And hoping he could force the lad to marry into even more political power. But he had to quell the rumors first and he used his loud voice to this end.
Escaping from his indignant, mustachioed lips were practiced, bellowing statements that quickly turned the question of sexual impropriety back upon the girl victim. Mr. Ishmail Najmudden Senior got himself worked up with defensive rants like: “Ishmail is a good boy. You! It is you who should be apologizing. Letting your daughter out like that at night. And without a chaperone! Shame! Shame be upon you!”
Ishmail’s father’s first fortune was made in a judicious two week period of negotiation and scheming when he signed a single sheet of paper thus making him a partner in a ‘Cyber-abad’ computer business that was now a quite respectable Listed Company.
And then the real money started to pour in, for after his business profile improved, he successfully bribed his way into political office. In devoted filial fashion, his late father had initiated a sizeable trust account in Ishmail’s name and the associated bank balance was now a respectably lucrative product of a portfolio of bonds and stocks which, like Ishmail’s penis, seemingly had a life of its own: It required no intervention on his own behalf to grow dividends and grow more dividends and to seemingly never stop growing dividends. The way a penis wants to impregnate and impregnate and impregnate.
Thus, in passing from a heart attack fourteen months earlier to Ishmail’s arrival in Mumbai, Najmudden Senior had set his clumsily debauched young son up for life.
Isn’t it ironic, thought Ishmail, remembering the unhelpful lyrics of that Alanis Morrisette song, that his income had previously been no more than that of a lowly cinema usher in the once glamorous Ramoji Film City - where he worked like a dog and was paid a minimum amount of kibble (but got to watch every movie that came to town) and now he was a wealthy punter knocking on the very door of Bollywood! It was a most unexpected and surprising windfall when his father’s solicitor informed him, at the age of twenty-one, that he was much more than financially independent, he was downright rich. Several of the considerably flush trust funds had, with that birthday, matured and hence become suddenly accessible, and that meant Ishmail’s money problems were over. Forever. Thus, Ishmail had decided to pursue the pipe dream of many a cinema usher. The shy young movie fan, who had never even auditioned for a school play or uploaded a video of himself onto YouTube, decided he was now an aspiring film actor.
Ishmail retired from the real world of Hyderabad at the age of twenty-three, moved to the fake world of Mumbai and quickly purchased his two-bedroom Malabar Hill apartment. The weekly stipend from his late father’s astute investments had paid for the deposit on his purchase outright and enabled his grocery and dry-cleaning bills also to be honored without worry. He was a genuinely independent bachelor, although no-one would describe his wealth as old money, especially not in the rarefied surrounds of Malabar Hill.
Ishmail’s acting ambitions, however, were not so easily fulfilled. For every role as even an Indian Extra in Bollywood there were a thousand aspirants and his dream remained no more that, a filmic fantasy. But it would change, he told himself. It had to change eventually, he told himself, and like thousands more he tended his Bollywood dream like a precious, fragile flower sprouting in a private compartment of his cluttered and increasingly disorganized brain.
***
Ishmail’s choice of residential apartment had been largely influenced by the facilities for ablutions installed in each of the high-rise premises the real estate agent had shown him through, for the inflamed passions of his groin could only be reliably nullified with the bone-jarring shock of cold showers. Not particularly religious, his austerity was the result of instinctive shame and distrust of his hormonal biology.
The fire in his trousers needed to be doused regularly, stunned into submission, as it were, and a torrent of wintry water would dependably wash away all covetousness. Then could he towel off, anoint himself with pine-scented balms and cologne, and confidently face the breathing, stinking, yet utterly desirable wall of pre-pubescent humanity that would always exist impetuously, naively, temptingly, just outside the front door of his steel and glass fortress.
Waiting patiently, ready at any moment to up and pluck at the most secret, most abominable sounding chord in his entire abject being, the world outside his bathroom with two bedrooms was a constant threat to his composure and, indeed, his very sanity, for it was a world filled with precocious little girls and their irresistible temptations.
And so the address he had settled for had a most magnificent bathroom: All white porcelain amenities shining brighter than melting ice, shimmering, irradiating light. Stainless steel fixtures reflecting an elongated, slightly iridescent world. And everything lit from above with the pore-revealing clarity of un-tinted skylights.
The mirrors were spotless, which enabled him to better monitor his own spots. Cursed with adult rosacea and acne, Ishmail’s skin was often doubly plagued by ingrown hairs from his shaving. These disobedient hairs would scythe their way slowly but surely into the surrounding epidermis, causing irritation if not always infection.
Sometimes the ingrown hairs on Ishmail’s cheeks, chin and throat curled back on themselves in the space of the follicle from which the hair had grown and Ishmail once lanced a giant pimple caused by a happily in-growing whisker just under his chin.
Over an inch long, it was strong, wiry and coiled like a spring and came out with an explosion of pus. The deep infection left one of his skin condition’s many calling-cards: A pock-mark visible to others from yards away. Unusually, most of the craters were located about his lips, chin and mouth (not the typical ‘T-zone’ of nose and forehead of most sufferers from sebaceous disorders), hence the proclivity for shaving around his mustache, which, he thought vainly, was long, thick and reminiscent of the facial hair stylings of a 19th Century big game hunter or retired Army Colonel.
He exfoliated with a crushed walnut and apricot scrub, cleansed with a foaming, non-soap based, anti-bacterial gel and finished his toilet with a smear of grease-less moisturizer. Still, they’d erupt like little volcanoes spewing forth white-hot sebum and billions of dead and dying bacteria when he pressed them from the sides, popping them like bubble-wrap, then discarding them like unwanted toys. He wondered at the similarity between the biological need to void his body of this white, sticky semi-fluid and the need to expel the white ejaculate of semen. A quiver rippled through his adipose-heavy body as the notion such expulsion was a biological necessity occupied his mind for a few seconds.
Nevertheless, regular cold bathing in this opulent restroom helped keep him un-aroused and the sunlight made him feel like it were somehow still natural.
But there were days when the effects of an icy shower lasted nowhere near long enough, and he’d find himself bent over at the waist, in pain, as he tried to hide the erectile embarrassment.
“How to tolerate?” he pleaded out loud to himself, and, more prosaically: “How to conceal?”
The oils and juices of his dank, testosterone-rich desire swam through him, warping his sight, battering his ears, drying his mouth, and shooting jolts of sparking electricity into the sex channels of his loins, which felt like a constantly bubbling cauldron.
Longer, more frequent cold showers ensued, but to no avail. He even took up self-flagellation, and despite his embarrassment at the debasement by whip, he had to admit that when the blood finally flowed from his degraded back and shoulders, the fire in his groin died for a while.
At other times, he shuddered to recall, his base urges had taken control and he had been made their slave, like a fly drawn to the angry red flash of a mandrill’s raised ass.
Firstly, while seated alone in the third last row of the stalls at the movie cinema during a break from work in Hyderabad. While his right hand confidently took control, under the giant bucket of buttered popcorn, the teenage usherette named Cena (he had read her name tag when she served him from the candy bar) and her sinuous curves lingered close by, struggling to think of snippets of English conversation (Marathi was her first language) she might be able to interest him in.
Cena certainly gave him a strange look when, with a loud gasp, the climax shook his whole body into a spasm and she figured, feebly, that the movie must be a rather good one after all.
Then the reading room of the public library (beneath a quarto-sized book serving as his fig leaf), when a prissy but curvaceous librarian, between checking out books and answering membership queries, kept returning to stacking the shelves right in front of him.
Most deliciously, due to the extremely close proximity, and the fact that his self-abuse was hidden by the cape, was the incident in the beauty salon. When the lilac-scented apprentice hairdresser leant over him to cut his thinning fringe he blew his angry sperm directly onto her breasts (but in reality simply consigned his pants to the dry-cleaning basket sooner than usual).
The riskiest moments were when he found himself waiting at the perimeter of a primary school, masturbating surreptitiously into his trouser leg beneath a loose and un-tucked shirt as he struck up conversations with young female students. Panting with his mania, stealing from them a hidden orgasm, binding them psychically to his rock of grim existence.
Naive and fearless as children often are, they are unperturbed by the stilted shortness of his breath, and few realize what his right hand is doing let alone recognize his overarching sense of guilt-gilded sexual pleasure.
And just sometimes, an 11 or 12-year old would ask what he was doing with his hand, and in answer he would unzip and display for them his hot erection. Usually that’s when they ran for the authorities and when he suddenly had to make himself scarce, but there was the one time when two pre-pubescent girls, made braver by their shared company, concentrated hard on their first sighting of a man’s penis, erect and cross-veined, and just watched it in awe as he shot his wriggling seed high into the air. They even clapped their little hands at his display. That was one day he would never forget: The expressions of awe from a girl or girls too young to have seen anything like it before.
At all times, thoughts of rebelling occupied his squirming mind. “Just take! It is there, it is asking. So just take!” some deeply pitched, authoritative voice commanded from within. But there were other voices, at least as authoritative, urging caution, and so far in Mumbai (unlike the good old days in Hyderabad, where his father had always saved him), they were the voices he now wisely obeyed.
Thus Ishmail, the most miserable and confused of Mumbai’s very few rich bachelors, took only the minimum of minutes to settle into his new accommodation, for all he expected it would be was a place of much-needed inner peace. He had no mementoes, no personal keepsakes, no emotional impedimenta, so he proudly hung his two bespoke business suits and seven Van Heusen shirts in the cavernous walk-in wardrobe without concern about his pathetic situation.
He glanced over his garments with satisfaction before flopping down on one of the several white velour beanbags he had only that day had delivered and which he was told by the rather cute sales assistant truly represented the height of retro-chic Dishabille. Not wanting to demonstrate his ignorance of her meaning, he bought six.
But he began to think of Chandy and the photograph she had given him when they met on Marine Parade and her father sold him the hair restorer (which he knew was rubbish and had tossed aside immediately the meeting had concluded). He had tracked the part-time salesman down via a phone call to the distributor of the product: Mitra held no position in the chain other than at the very bottom, and a few well-placed bribes soon got Ishmail the information he desired. Slum-dweller salesmen, like all else, were accountable on paper to someone for something, and disappearing was no longer so easy to do, even in the urban vastness of Mumbai.
He gazed adoringly at that only decoration upon his walls, the now framed picture of Chandy, in which she so wonderfully invites him to see her at the top. Well, here he was: At the top of one of the tallest apartment blocks on Malabar Hill. It was time to see her. Here. At the top. The time to see her was now. Here. Now. And at the top.
He wanted to be meeting her for the first time, again and again. Saying something wittier with each successive repeat. He wanted to always be at the start of their movie, not at some decisive turning point in the narrative arc, and certainly not in any damn sequel.
In her gratitude for his stylish attention, she would fetch tea and cake for him, organize his day (around their short but passionate bouts of lovemaking, that is), pick up his dry-cleaning, and lie over the phone to his agent when he couldn’t be bothered showing up for yet another media junket. He wanted her to depend on his approval and thus give to him gratefully what he needed. Which, deep down inside, was just that. To be needed. But Ishmail didn’t know that because he’d never learnt to listen to himself, so busy as he always was in trying to shut down any such self communication. He wanted to control his body, not make friends with it.
***
Like understanding the interior workings of his own mind, interior decorating was not Ishmail’s forte and apart from the photograph and the beanbags, two weeks after signing the deeds and accepting the keys, the place looked as bare as if it were still on the market. He looked about the cavernous, decoration-free rooms and felt unsophisticated and gauche.
The kitchen: Instant noodles.
The dining room: Instant coffee.
The living room: Instant television.
The bedroom: Instant sex … with himself.
There was no stunning showroom furniture, no matching Manchester, no vases overflowing with fragrant flowers. There was nothing to indicate that anyone real actually lived there, apart from the clothes hanging in his closet and the single pot in the kitchen within which he cooked his two-minute meals. But that didn’t bother him, however, for he was refining a plan whereby pretty little Chandy would become his first visitor, his first ever flat-mate, and finally, his first - and only - Chatelaine, and in his optimistic delusion he was sure she would know how to do furniture and household decorating.
Ishmail looked at the stain he had just created on the now off-white beanbag with dismay, as it seeped and spread, threatening to forever reveal his guilty, throbbing little secrets, but he soon brightened. The whiff of his semen evaporated and crept into the dry, white walls as he let his imagination roam.
Chandy would steer his life past the less obvious rocks, reefs and carnivorous fins circling in the interior decorating waters ahead, for he knew his fashion motor was dead and the styling oars were back in the boathouse.
Chandy would instinctively know better than to buy beanbags in white velour.
And the fornication with her … well, obviously, and unfortunately, that too would be the instant she stepped through the door.


CHAPTER EIGHT.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Little by little, through patience and repeated effort, the mind will become stilled in the self” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Ishmail had that evening returned, like a guilt-ridden criminal, from far off Katra, in the politically disputed Northern state of Jammu, where he had joined the long queue of devotees. They were visiting the religious shrine of Vaishno Devi Mandir, a famed Hindu temple devoted to the Goddess Shakti.
No, he hadn’t gone there to worship. His motives were more career-oriented, for he’d heard it was the planned site for a pilgrimage that day by a certain Mumbai filmmaker hoping his soon-to-be released movie would be a hit at the box office. Impetuously, no doubt, Ishmail gambled that the two hour flight to Delhi followed by the ninety minute flight to Jammu Satwari airport and the 20 minute helicopter trip to the shrine would pay off in terms of what he was reading from America about something called ‘networking’.
All so 21st Century, Ishmail thought. Yes, the word on the street for casting hopefuls was the Director of the moment, Aditya Chopra, would be there at Katra, prostrating humbly in front of the shrine, making merit, begging Shakti to guide his new film to box-office success. But Ishmail didn’t see anyone he recognized, not even a Continuity Girl (he knew a few of their faces, and that they often doubled as PAs to their Directors), and he considered the time spent on the trip to have been well and truly wasted.
Representing the metaphorical moldy cherry atop his career gambit slash cake he baked but left out in the rain, when the plane dropped in a sudden vacuum of turbulence, red wine stain-splashed on to his shirt sleeve from a free-falling fellow passenger, seated way across the aisle. Shakti had intervened after all and produced a blemish which later caused the local Mumbai dry cleaners much consternation until Ishmail tossed it in the trash.
Alone and disconsolate in his Malabar Hill apartment once again, Ishmail became determined to snap himself out of his depression by doing something he’d been thinking about for a while, and that was to go smooth. His hirsute epidermis, that is.
As he stood naked and hairy in his gleaming bathroom, he calculated that he would wait the recommended eight minutes then another two for good measure before rinsing the hair depilatory cream from his back.
He had squirted the thickly viscous unguent onto the shower wall and rubbed his bare back and buttocks against it. There was no other way he could think of to apply the hair dissolving lotion to those regions he was unable to reach, unless he very quickly learnt the tricks of contortionism or enlisted the help of a servant, and permitting another adult human to see him in such a vulnerable state was something he could and would never do. He thought this a rather ingenious solution to the dilemma, and he was sure it’d work.
As he waited for the chemical mixture to remove his caveman appearance he wondered if Chandy would even notice the smoothness. She’d probably never studied the backs of men at all, and there weren’t many as hirsute as he in Mumbai anyway. Still, better to be safe than sorry, so he shaved the excess hair from his chest and abdomen as well. These parts of his body he could reach easily and he hummed to himself with contentment as he carefully mowed the grasses of his manhood.
The alarm on the stop-watch function of his new Sports Seiko he had bought to go with his new up-market gym membership (investments in his future acting career, he justified to himself) went off with a breezy but artificial jingle and he gave his forearms a final razoring. The water pressure in his apartment was excellent and Ishmail adjusted the nozzle of the detachable shower head to full blast. He turned the lever on the hot water reservoir and immediately directed a powerful jet of steaming water over his shoulders and onto his broadly built latissimus and trapezius muscles.
Hair disappeared from his body and soon clogged the drain inlet. Nothing else for it: he would have to get down on his hands and knees like a servant and clear the obstruction, and so he did, ending up with a squeezed lump of matted hair the size of a duck egg.
He felt good about this bodily modification he was engaged in and smiled as he tossed the giant wad of curly black Ishmail into the stainless-steel bathroom waste bin.
Leaving the pubic area the only untrimmed part of his body. He took a deep breath before he took a razor to that hair, too. Even his testicles were made smooth.
Next he rinsed the dissolved back hair from where they’d adhered to the white porcelain shower tiles - they looked like a mass of swollen black threadworms frozen in the throes of intercourse - and Ishmail stepped gingerly out of the glinting shower cubicle, wrapping a snow-white and fluffily absorbent bathrobe around his freshly denuded nakedness.
Gritting his crooked teeth, he faced the bathroom mirror, then dipped his right shoulder tentatively towards the reflective surface. The result pleased him. No longer fuzzy like a worn out carpet, the skin on his back was as hairless as when he was still a babe suckling at his wet nurse’s breast, but in the next instant Ishmail began worrying about what such an unnatural act of self-grooming said about his narcissism.
Suddenly, more shame and embarrassment was clouding his conscience than normal, but then, what was there about his internal monologues, dialogues and multi-logues that was even remotely ‘normal’?
The many voices in his head were yammering away as they were oft inclined to, arguing amongst themselves, shouting down less strident personalities. Several of his life narrators were insisting upon action, like schoolyard bullies cultivating machismo and seeking momentary conquest, and his new look inspired some such party-seeking voices to pipe up that he should at least unveil his new hairless body to a lovely young masseuse first.
Regardless, the louder of the voices - undeniably masculine and linked to the villain of his endogenous testosterone - told Ishmail straight up that he was weak, washed out, and in dire need of backbone.
But the capacious Ishmail mind housing all these cruel and insidious speakers (and their cruel and insidious barbs) was used to such mental self-tirades, and, with clenched dentition, he proceeded to ignore them. Bodily needs could not be attended to at the drop of a hat, he reminded them. And so he steadfastly dressed, gaining strength and poise as each separate item of professionally laundered clothing was carefully, nay, lovingly, donned until his entire body was covered in quality fabric and weave.
And then he acknowledged that there was a bodily need of his which must be attended to after all, for his stomach’s demand for calories was now finding a voice.
Ishmail realized he was exceptionally hungry and he had finished dressing quickly, noting with satisfaction the way his fine cotton shirts slid effortlessly across his smooth, hairless body.
As Ishmail locked his apartment door behind him and entered the lift he immediately began interrogating his appearance in the mirror that comprised the entire back wall of the box. He could lose a few kilos, he admitted, but he could also die tomorrow.
He had heard that lifts in America (which they apparently called ‘elevators’) had no thirteenth floor, but he was of the opinion that a belief in luck - either good or bad - was an insult to the world of reason. According to the buttons in this lift, there certainly was a thirteenth floor in his building, and he felt reassured by the victory of Indian logic. And so the ground rushed up to meet him, as it would someday again do soon enough when he was alone and buried in another kind of small (but mirror-less) box.
Unless they burnt him. He could not care less.
He was an aberration in India, he knew. Religion was of no use to him and he had no interest in how they disposed of his carcass. He didn’t believe in the tooth fairy, either, and he knew the number thirteen was no more or less lucky than the integers twelve or fourteen.
He alighted in the marble and glass foyer, outside which the promise of the night flapped like a slow-moving clay pigeon and he felt armed to the teeth with what he believed was his sophisticated, metro-sexual appearance as ammunition.
Sticky and as hectic as ever, the November Mumbai night differed little from the previous daylight hours in its degrees of temperature. In the degrees of illumination, obviously, it was darker, but it was only two or three degrees of Celsius cooler.
Under the weak lamplight Ishmail walked so slowly down the pavement outside his apartment block the observant street people thought he must be sick, although with each measured step he felt achievement for he had successfully fought the impulse to run while they watched.
They watched him.
He was not running.
Ishmail Najmudden would never be seen running, except when appropriately attired and on his new gym’s treadmill with the TV monitor at the front of his exercise machine telling him, via his earphones, whatever rubbish the programmers of each of the 103 Cable TV channels deemed fit, be it the news headlines, choreographed K-Pop soft porn music clips or Karaoke from a dozen Asian countries in as many different languages.
He would run in the gym, on the treadmill, no problem there.
He wouldn’t even hurry, let alone run, in the open.
For Ishmail was no scavenging bystander, dependent upon unguarded leftovers. He had, instead, the twitching eyes of a predator and would not be deterred when a meal was required. But he would not deign to run for his food. Nor were his suits designed for the athletic track or field anyway.
The beggars instinctively still knew that he had money in his pockets. It was if they could smell the filthy lucre in his wallet, and, as if they could calculate the ease of its extraction like a traffic signal, they subsequently pan-handled him. Such consummate ease. With grime caking their clothes and clogging their pores, the street mendicants looked alien to Ishmail, even sub-human to the wealthy man who was still a forgettable nobody, despite his impressive tailoring and all the zeroes in his bank account.
Nevertheless, he, Ishmail Najmudden, was out on the street. Confident in his actions, he was ruthless, he was in charge and he would obtain that which he desired through the successful and judicious harnessing of those traits. His nose was aligned the way free-range swine tilt their snouts skyward when testing the air for the scent of rotting flesh, except he was seeking, inevitably, a dinner and then - who knows? Maybe even a meeting with some as yet un-introduced Bollywood Big Shot.
Ishmail had just sauntered passed the blinding fluorescent trap of the all-day, all-night (double the usual price) convenience store’s automatically opening glass doors and was almost at the little restaurant, a Punjabi Dhaba, where he occasionally took his evening meal (happily alone and un-noticed), when something wet fell from above, landing and skidding at his feet. He flinched imperceptibly and sidestepped the unwelcome blue-red windfall nimbly.
It looked like placenta, human placenta, that is, he noted without undue surprise. Mixed with sewage, it was hot and pungent and he gasped not at the significance of its overpowering presence and probably desolate meaning, but from the way his agile, side-to-side footwork caused his silk boxers to graze the tip of his penis.
The unexpected friction briefly aroused the sex monster within him, unnecessarily causing it to quite unpleasantly awaken and Ishmail had to distract himself by fast remembering past dinners at the Punjabi Dhaba which had impressed him so. On each and every occasion they had been feasts of perfection and he reminded himself how much he needed one now.
Food. That came first. The refocused man didn’t even look up to determine the placenta’s quite possibly still bleeding source.
The wild, stray dogs were excited, yipping and snapping at each other and were onto the mess in seconds as Ishmail strode on. Still, the street urchins trailed him, their thin, hot hands outstretched, pulling at his cuffs like brambles. With faces gaunt yet always grinning, he tried not to notice the similarities between their putrid, cracked teeth and his own brown-stained dentition.
So very hungry himself, all he allowed himself to see were fragile, undulating silhouettes.
Ishmail grimaced, coughed up a mouthful of catarrh and spat the phlegm on to the flitting mass of child shapes, then tossed several two rupee coins back into the muck around what was left of the placenta slash dog’s dinner behind him.
And so, on the way to his own dinner, the big ugly man lost a pocketful of change but none of his customary hubris. Usually, in India, some unexpected occurrence could be expected to turn any plan/s on its head/s and create a tantalizing new schedule, but Ishmail was famished and he would not be deterred by a messy little event so mundane as the waste and by-products of something - to him - as pointless and insignificant as human reproduction.


CHAPTER NINE.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Better indeed is knowledge than mechanical practice. Better than knowledge is meditation. But better still is surrender of attachment to results, because there follows immediate peace” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

As the hands of the clocks in Jakarta, Indonesia, ticked past midnight and into the 9th day of November 2008, the little wispy-bearded man who the media loved to call the Smiling Assassin, Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim, and his two lesser-known Jihadist accomplices, were executed by a firing squad, despite their pleas for an allegedly nobler Islamic beheading.
Six years after their cowardly act of religious terrorism, the Jakarta court authorities had finally administered appropriate justice to some of the mass murderers responsible for the hate crimes committed in the 12th of October 2002 Bali bombings, that atrocious massacre of the unsuspecting at party, in which 202 good-time foreigners and bar staff were murdered by three carefully placed bombs home made from potassium chlorate, aluminum powder and sulfur.
In the name of Allah, the killers had focused their righteous Jihad on the sea-side village of Kuta, the renowned playground for middle-class Australian tourists, most likely as instructed by the popular Islamic Indonesian group Jemma Islamayah, which was definitely led by the inevitably convicted Muslim cleric, Abu Bakar Bashir. A voice message aired on an Al Jazeera Arabic TV news bulletin was a violence-inciting radically pro-Islamic rant allegedly recorded by Bashir for the ears of Osama bin Laden himself.
Arden recalled his Aussie wife’s reminiscences about a surfing holiday at the very same Kuta Beach as a teenager, when the gravest danger for a healthy young Australian, even when she drew a cartoon of the prophet Mohammed in the sand, was a bad trip from indulging in the local hallucinogenic delicacy: Balinese magic mushroom omelets.
What fond memories did those rabid fundamentalist Islamists try to recall as they lined up against the wall before the black hoods were pulled over their eyes? The foreign correspondents and other news reporters from around the globe said the terrorists were quaking with fear as they faced the firing squad, no longer certain, it seemed, that 72 virgins would soon be pampering them as glorious Martyrs in their longed-for Islamic Paradise.
Arden sighed at the violent inhumanity of it all and leant back in his comfortably upholstered chair, rubbing his eyes.
He logged off from the Internet’s 24HourNews.com web site, before leaving The Arms and making his way by auto rickshaw to where Chandy’s father lay, still fading away.
He had witnessed Ishmail several times now loitering about the Cuffe Parade hutments where the under par Mitra stubbornly held on, barely clinging to life, barely finding the strength for his next breath, somehow surviving bout after bout of coughing attacks.
Ishmail never visited the dying man.
No, Ishmail had made no more attempts to gain permission from Mitra to court his daughter and Arden couldn’t imagine a less respectable-looking yet somehow sartorially impressive character than this shambling fat seagull who hovered around the edge of the downtrodden slums area.
After a few weeks of obviously selfless devotion to the old vaudevillian in his humble shelter, Arden inevitably did earn the respect of the young Indian actress and one day he had the good fortune of being asked to accompany Chandy in a taxi all the way from the film studios to her dad’s sick-bed.
In the taxi, Arden was careful to keep his chit-chat non-sexual or predatory in every or any way, even though her precocious beauty was something Chandy’s body always seemed to be cultivating with steam and focus.
Lolita-like, it appeared to any uneducated observer as if she had no real understanding of her beguiling charm and sexual allure, and he considered this possibility before he surreptitiously glanced at the picture in his wallet of his stunningly beautiful wife Carol for strength.
Thus, Arden survived Chandy’s startling proximity in the taxi, even as he ogled the soft down on her bare brown arms.
And there was Ishmail standing on the pavement precisely opposite where they alighted (A co-incidence? No, not at all, since Arden had minutes before phoned a stall-holder near Ishmail’s usual position and confirmed that he was, yet again, surveying the main entrance to the Cuffe Parade slums, like a Real Estate Developer or Movie Mogul, hence that was where Arden had directed the taxi driver to take them). Mumbai slums have many entrances and exits, and he wanted to be sure the girl and he arrived at the right one.
Ishmail started then wiped away the fetid sweat of jealousy from his face and forehead when he saw them get out of the cab together. Then, according to the watching stallholder, he caught himself a taxi straight away, all the while muttering curses and insults at anyone and everyone around him.
***
It was an overcast afternoon, as out-of-season, bruised plum-purple clouds threatened rain like a platoon of aerial warriors, when Arden noticed from his apartment window the shifty big Ishmail loitering around out front of The Arms. He was attempting to maintain a casual attitude as he strolled to and fro along the street like an untroubled flaneur. Arden choked back his despair: The seagull had found him!
On his third fro he stopped to talk to a cluster of street urchins. After about three minutes Ishmail took hold a girl possessively by her skinny arm and nudged her the short distance to the alley way adjacent to Arden’s hotel itself.
Arden ran to the other window and was amazed to then see Ishmail take the raggedy girl (who could not have been more than ten years of age) behind some boxes, where the despicable man handed over what from the 4th floor appeared to be a pink and purple fifty rupee note to the child.
For the price of about a quarter of a barbequed Tandoori chicken the girl then proceeded to satisfy him in a way that worsened Arden’s already low opinion of Ishmail forever. The character he saw below his window that day was to no longer have any part to play in his theatrical writing, not unless Arden wanted to create the vilest of villains.
He felt it only right to divulge this sordid scrap of information about this sordid scrap of humanity to the vulnerable Chandy, who shuddered at the prospect of her unwelcome admirer approaching her with such despicable intent.
Each time Chandy saw the stalking pervert after that, she boldly jeered and pointed.
Yet still he lurked around either Cuffe Parade or The Arms, totally unabashed. He lurked rather more like the stale odor of putrefaction does around a corpse than a criminal lurks, eyes averted, embarrassed by the discovery of his misdemeanors. No, he lurked with strange confidence. It was as if in the warped mind of Ishmail there was nothing at all wrong with his stalking behavior.
The police, too, when Arden approached them, thought there was little to be alarmed about: He had committed no crime, as far as they were aware no victim had (or was likely to) come forward, and they had plenty of actual crimes to devote their under-manned resources to. That day, already (and it was not yet time for lunch) there had been crimes committed in which two banks had been robbed, a home had suspiciously burnt to the ground; and six innocent passers-by were killed by a madman with a machete turned murderer-suicide. Yes, the police would respond once there was some real evidence of a real crime with actual victim/s, but not before then, Dr Pyle, and here is our card for your future reference.
So things didn’t change and after a few more such episodes of Chandy’s mocking laughter, finger-pointing and smartass comments of derision, from which Ishmail shrank not one bit, the courageous girl settled for a refrigerated ‘Go-To-Hell-You-Disgusting-Pervert’ look.
But even this seemed not to faze her unwelcome enthusiast. He had become like a lamp-post, but one that neither warmed nor illuminated but simply stood there, pandering misery in the arc of its oily light, inhuman and emotionless, apparently constructed from immoveable steel but hiding a seething soul of man at his unpredictable worst.
Chandy wished a stray pie-dog would cock its swizzle leg and urinate all over Ishmail’s tailor-cut trousers but such a well-deserved fate never transpired, and such was the way of the world, she thought, before she deliberately pushed that thought and any regarding the despicable Ishmail aside. She had a Bollywood career and a dying father to attend to.
Later, at The Arms, she concentrated on the email she was going to send to Aditra Chopra’s office, along with a hi-res headshot as a file attachment, as she had heard the Director was still looking for a teenage girl for a minor role.
Chandy, like most of the other hopefuls, did not have a Bona Fide Manager as yet, so a lot of the fighting for the bit parts was happening through word of mouth, with artists representing themselves and auditions occasionally turning nasty. But Chandy was as tough a cookie as she was as tasty a cookie (presumably) and she didn’t mind a fight …


CHAPTER TEN.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “The mind acts like an enemy for those who do not control it” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

In his ongoing quest to educate Arden about the real Mumbai, his Mumbai, the frequently philanthropic Dickey had Rasta drive himself, Arden and Sala - who was always up for any sport involving a wager - to an invitation-only cockfight, hidden deep within the tenements, alleys and chawls of the Muslim quarter of SoBo.
To be more precise, Rasta dropped his three passengers some distance from their destination, leaving them to foot it the rest of the way while he took off his chauffeur’s cap and enjoyed an unhurried snooze, sprawled out upon the double-stitched leather luxury of the Ambassador’s back seat, his right hand resting atop his gun holster.
Dressed for once like a bona fide local Mumbaikar, Dickey, in a dazzling white plain cotton Kurta, then led the two cockfighting initiates away from the sanctuary of the air-conditioned, black-windowed limousine and down narrower and even narrower streets, until those streets became minor, un-mapped passages where the cloying air darkened as the walls closed in overhead.
Claustrophobia threatened, as did the rats that boldly scampered between, and sometimes over, their sandaled feet.
Eventually the three found themselves standing and perspiring in a small, damp, roughly paved courtyard around which the walls of towering warehouses blocked out all direct sunlight. The enclosure was dominated by one particularly formidable looking, wrought iron gate, which peeled with once green, leaden paint. To the over-imaginative Arden, the place had the feel of a secret, magic grotto, a waiting room for some specialist conference of trolls, perhaps, or a business convention for hyper-qualified wizards.
In fact, it was just an ordinary tea warehouse - usually.
Unusually, the tea bales had all been moved out and tiered wooden seating brought in, for today it was the secret venue for a once glorious sport that fathers proudly had previously devoted theirs and their children’s lives to, but was now an activity outlawed in much of India.
Welded into the lower half of this large steel entrance was a tiny doorway. No signage was to be seen, but a pair of well-built Sikhs in navy blue uniforms, turbans and thick black beards eyed the three stonily from either side of the miniature portal. They guarded the thoroughfare with detached and professional diligence and instructed the three each to hand in their mobile phones and cameras forthwith.
Receipts were illegibly scrawled but efficiently issued before entry to the arena would be considered.
They were also warned, as their IDs were examined (with some considerable menace and surreptitious bicep flexing from the Sikhs), that any attempt to photograph the event via hidden means would result not only in the confiscation of their spy cameras but also in their rapid, fist-over-fist eviction, for the indisputable fact was that despite its rich history as a sport for Indian princes and noblemen, cockfighting was presently deemed an illegal activity by the good burghers and law-makers of Mumbai, who had apparently been lobbied by animal liberationists, extremists who described the traditional sport as crueler and more barbaric even than bull-fighting.
Dickey would beg to differ, he confided to his companions, for the Matador was a malicious, brute of a human who attempted to dispense death as slowly and most unnaturally to his bovine victims as possible. The kill was inevitable, but not before he and several other ribboned and fancy dressed men tormented the anguished bulls with streamered darts and ornate spears. The crowds delighted in the bellowing rages of pain and blood as the beast was tortured sadistically before its slow execution.
In marked contrast, the cocks always sought a quick kill, and were only ever doing what their natural instincts told them to do. The gaming rooster never plays cat and mouse with its opponent, for even in its death throes a badly wounded and grounded bird might find an unexpected, untapped reserve of energy and deliver a desperate but fatal blow, thus bringing the lives of both fowl to an end.
Unlike Sala, Arden had initially been reluctant to come witness such a blood sport, having been brought up under the middle America banners of political correctness, but eventually relented as he figured there might be some inspiration waiting there for his writing. The trio duly paid their entry fees of 500 rupees each before entering, crouched down to clear the top of the small gate, and then taking their seats in the bleachers surrounding a low-walled circle of clean, raked sawdust about 10 feet in diameter.
Despite the smells of nearly a hundred flapping male chickens, the tannic scent of tea still lingered in the warehouse, but not unpleasantly so. There were no women present, not that he expected to see any, and Arden noted that apart from his mate Sala (who would, after sitting respectfully through most of Dickey’s upcoming presentation, immediately involve himself in the furious betting taking place alongside the ring), he had the fairest complexion of any of the approximately two hundred Indians in attendance. There were no other Westerners at all, as far as he could see.
“Ideally”, Dickey began explaining to both Arden and Sala, “A good fighting cock has beautifully balanced proportions with a relatively short, broad back, a full, rounded breast tapering to a straight keel-bone with a small, firm belly. Its solid wings should cover its sides with flexible quills resting atop a pert, angled tail with glossy, tapering sickles.”
Dickey paused for breath and effect, whilst Sala took the opportunity to leave.
“But physiognomy is of less importance that temperament,” Dickey stressed, as he continued his impromptu lecture: “Even the best-looking rooster can be a coward in the ring. Strength and stamina are necessary attributes but without valor a bird is destined for a neck-wringing, its genetic code for self-preservation effectively culled from future breeding stock. The perfect game bird needs a raucous lust to win or die. It needs to be utterly fearless, as if catching a gaff to the heart would represent a proud warrior’s demise and a befitting ending to its short, violent life.”
“The game cock’s religion is battle to the death!” he concluded, with undisguised respect, as if the archetypal fighting rooster aches after the poultry version of Valhalla the way suicide bombers single-mindedly seek Paradise.
As Arden pondered this convincing analogy, an animated Sala, clutching a scrap of paper with the odds for his bets roughly penciled upon it, and leaping from tier to tier like a child at a playground, returned from the ringside turmoil and took back his seat beside them. The three grinned at each other in anticipation, ruddy faced with the joy of expectation. The Kings of the Cockfight had granted them an audience, a brace of brass horns was trumpeting the occasion and all that was missing was a harem of Sari-clad hand-maidens flirting with the combatant’s handlers and owners, giggling and alive.
‘Forget all that literary color,’ thought Arden drily, ‘And simply note the facts’.
This cock-fighting caper was real business to its participants. The weigh-in for the first clash commenced, as a public address system racked up the pace of its already hectic Hindu commentary. The dark red-brown bird came in at five pounds even, while the slightly leaner cock with the broken grey speckles and silvery blue-black plumage weighed four pound, fourteen ounces. They were fairly well-matched hence the fight could proceed, the referee declared.
It must be noted by the reader that this particular cock fight was not an entirely traditional Indian cock fight. In a concession to the popularity of American style cocking, deadly steel spurs were bound with leather jesses onto each rooster’s legs (traditionally, Indian cocks fight with the safer taped spurs, but the paying public was here for blood and lots of it, hence the addition of cold, deadly steel to the arsenal of each already dangerous bird).
Tight avian muscles were massaged into looseness as the handlers waited for the last of the bets to be finalized and for the officials to take their places. In the ensuing quiet and spectator stillness, Arden noticed that the air was becoming thicker and heavier with the tart odor of urea.
‘Or is it air-borne testosterone?’, he wondered, for his training in biochemistry was sorely lacking. Meanwhile, chicken dander and poultry related motes flurried about on the breeze from the overhead fans and cockerels crowed zealously from all corners of the makeshift stadium.
The place began to transform. Metamorphosing from a storage area for bales of tea leaves into a battleground for killer birds: Arden couldn’t help but get caught up in the animal energy. He looked about and in every direction he saw other men, straining, lustful, feverish and eager for the killing to commence.
The observers in the stands around him now had ears only for the referee. On the padded edge of the cockpit he could be seen, squatting on the balls of his feet, poised there as if perching on broken glass. The audience, too, was tense, their breath held in collective expectancy. Then came the referee’s call to “Beak your birds!” and the cocks were pushed together, bill to bill, with each bird instantly finding a new, higher level of infuriation and madness. The crowd leaned even further forward, craning necks to see better, eager to eye witness the first spray of blood.
In Arden’s untrained opinion, the grey-black rooster looked the meaner of the two, with its head jerking around like a darting, venomous snake. There was instinctive murder in its cold, bright eyes and it seethed for release, legs running in mid-air as the handler held the bird aloft, its hackles raised like speckled fists. But the red looked no less bloodthirsty and Arden was glad he didn’t bet, for he was flummoxed as to which he’d have chosen to back, although he was beginning to intuitively favor the grey-black.
The handlers returned to their positions on the scratch line with eyes keenly focused on the umpire’s lips. At the first sign of his mouth moving to form the words: “Pit your birds!” the handlers released their winged gladiators and the theater erupted into havoc.
The birds didn’t hesitate: They smashed together center stage like feather dusters mounted on remorseless pistons, then backed away for a moment, as if sizing up each other, suddenly aware of the other’s not inconsiderable mettle. Stalking the dirt and sawdust ring of the arena for just a couple of seconds or so, they puffed out their broad, glistening chests and flaunted their two-foot high physiques like competitive bodybuilders on a stage.
The red began a tentative and much practiced crow about his glorious fighting prowess when they were suddenly at it again, colliding in mid-flight amid a swirl of frantic flapping and gouging.
They fiercely jabbed and kicked with their dagger-like spurs, and, when connecting, sprayed forth blood and mucus.
Thrust and parry, lunge and counter-lunge, the two birds were so closely matched there was little prospect of a perfunctory slaughter, although they were each steadily sustaining a mass of debilitating cuts and nicks.
On both birds the well-groomed plumage started to droop.
Show ring feathers grew redder and ragged.
Then the referee called the end of the first round and the handlers scooped up their charges quickly with their bare, gaff-scarred forearms. Superglue was used by one to reattach a broken bill and then that same bird’s swollen eye was adeptly stitched open.
Unperturbed by the very real threat of avian flu, the other handler clamped his lips over his bird’s beak, his cheeks puckering inwards as he attempted to suck out of the bird its clotting and suffocating blood.
The red-brown cock’s handler inspected a weeping gash on his bird’s breast and then thrust its body beneath his partner’s knees. His accomplice unzipped and promptly urinated on the wound in a curious but apparently effective attempt to stem the bleeding and prevent infection. Like thoroughbred racehorses, gaming birds are simultaneously tough but delicate and, as Dickey explained to Arden and Sala, there are many esoteric secrets employed to prolong the lives of their lacerated soldiers.
And then the second round was called.
Furiously pecking, spurs flashing like miniature scythes, they feinted and side-stepped, seeking an opening, each bird knowing nothing else but combat. Aggression was hard-wired into their existence. Instinct told them to fight and kill any and every other cock they ever met - for only in that way could they guarantee that their hutch harem of hens would transmit their genes and their genes alone into the flock’s offspring. This evolutionary tendency had been honed and nurtured by selective breeding and rigorous training. Like the finches of the Galapagos Islands, cockfighting was Darwin’s natural selection taken by human breeders to its logical, deadly (and sporting) conclusion.
Some birds fight warily, respecting the opponent’s reach, only striking without caution at opportune moments of his vulnerability, especially after an aborted or failed attack, when the opponent may have wrong-footed himself. Others strike repeatedly, maniacally, with both needle-like gaffs held recklessly close together. Others still utilize a ground-based approach, seeking to pin the opponent with pecking and beak-holding before sinking in the cold steel with a fatal side swipe.
Arden’s favorite, the grey-black bird (which, he had to admit, reminded him of Chandy, its breast was so pert and shapely), chose a lethal aerial tactic. Belying a training strategy involving many sessions of wing strengthening exercises, the cock flapped about an impressive two and a half yards vertically, before commencing its downward assault with an audible swoosh.
One of its scissoring legs found its target, driving the two-inch long, razor sharp gaff straight into and through the red rooster’s surprised little brain.
The red’s wings fluttered convulsively as it gasped one last breath and then the fight was over.
A coarse welter of cursing sprung up from some parts of the audience but was simultaneously drowned out by the fewer but louder cheers of triumph, of which Sala’s were amongst the loudest. He had backed the winner and had immediately vaulted down to the ring to collect his prize money, a broadly grinning white face in a scorch of black machismo.
Displaying unusual disrespect to the conqueror (cocking protocol expects them to solemnly hand over their dead cock’s body to the victors), the losing bird’s handlers ignored its body as if it were a bloody rag and sulked off to ready their next avian combatant. Meanwhile the winner’s handler and owners collected their dues: Many fistfuls of rupees and that night’s chicken dinner (although mutilated, the cock’s carcass was still edible enough to make a nourishing meal of biryani). The winners had decided to ignore their opponent’s bad-mannered handling of the corpse and instead concentrate on savoring the victory.
Many highly trained rooster deaths later, as Arden, Sala and Dickey eventually left the cockfighting stadium, the aspiring playwright and scriptwriter reflected on what was obviously a cathartic experience for most of its exclusively male audience.
“It’s so very primal,” Arden said to his friends, with unusual enthusiasm, “It’s as if the cocks take on all the cares and hassles of being a man in contemporary society and throw them out the window, rejecting domesticity and exposing an existence dependent upon sheer animal survival. It puts one’s everyday worries into perspective by revealing a struggle in which the stakes are nothing less than life or death and the criterion for survival is good, old-fashioned masculinity!”
Dickey could tell that his American friend had been hooked by the sport, and immediately suggested he seek out some of the many films featuring Tamil Nadu cock fighting (by traditionally eschewing gaffs, the Tamil Nadu cock fight was not necessarily to the death, as the combatants had only their naturally occurring spurs with which to attack).
Dickey then confessed to Arden - with child-like glee - that he was expecting to soon be hired as a script editor on a new movie, a gig the producers had given the tentative, working title to of Aadukalam. It would, he said, be a typical example of the Teluga language films coming out of Chennai, that being the home of Tollywood, the second biggest film industry after Mumbai’s Hindi-language dominated Bollywood, and would, by amazing co-incidence, feature several scenes involving staged cockfights.
Although Hindi was spoken to some extent allover India, most states boast a film industry dominated by the local Indian tongue and in Chennai it was Teluga the actors spoke and sang. And although he had worked on films in Chennai before, Dickey was the first to admit that his grasp of Teluga was not the best, and his position on the production would be tenuous as a result, but sheer bluff had worked for him so many times before ...
Nevertheless, Dickey, who excelled at networking, said he’d talk to the director, a Mr. Vetrimaran, on behalf of his American friend, and find out if any white-skinned extras would be needed, in which case Arden’s casting business would certainly receive a call.
Arden was not surprised that there were contemporary Bollywood directors who had picked up on the inherent drama and theatricality of cockfighting for the action scenes in the screenplays they worked on. The fight-to-the-death sport he had just witnessed was akin to an orgasmic climax, such was the spectator’s excitement and relief felt in its passing. The warring birds, serving as symbols of manhood and virility, were emblematic, the American academic realized, of wild, unchecked sexuality safely channeled. Arden then wondered if Ishmail might benefit from witnessing such cathartic activity. But part of him already knew that Ishmail was too far gone for rehabilitation … 
***
Arden sat up in his bed fast, struggling to draw breath. His trachea had seized with the shock and kept him coughing for nearly a minute.
He could hardly believe what he had been dreaming. No, it was utterly ridiculous: A black Standard Poodle being monstered and maimed by a bristling red cock while diamond encrusted, fascinator wearing society ladies took bets on which would win under glamorous marquees and stylish upmarketry! Dreams were so dumb, he thought, denying any respect for that sub-conscious voice of his once again.
Arden rolled over, flattening his hot, stubbled cheek onto the cooler side of his pillow and willed himself back to sleep, intent upon safely dreaming of Carol’s G-string tan-lines.


CHAPTER ELEVEN.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Fear not. What is not real, never was and never will be. What is real, always was and can not ever be destroyed” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Ishmail’s hard organ pulsed in his fine woolen pants like a smutty, one-eyed trouser snake.
It demanded release.
It wanted its vascularity to be seen proudly popping out the way it rarely did anywhere else on the body. The second freakiest veins could be found on some men’s forearms or on their feet, but a penis when engorged could look like it was covered with a macramé-knotted forest of thick, pulsing vine-like capillaries.
When in such a heightened state of arousal, his penis also looked a bit like a large rooster’s neck, curving skyward.
It wanted to shock and awe those who saw it with its height and supremacy. For therein lay its greatest power: Its ability to emerge from a pants prison of fabric and fiber and provoke hushed admiration in those who witnessed it.
Such a reaction was the source of the greatest possible satisfaction it and Ishmail’s other head could experience … and children - the younger the better - were the most likely to be enthralled when it entered their realm of innocent consciousness.
Uncomprehending children who had never before witnessed such a thing as Ishmail’s blood-engorged genitalia, they were the ultimate target, declared an often-heard, rasping voice located somewhere at the back of his brain.
Chandy was still a child, he imagined, and therefore still shock-able.
He expected, and sensed, that she was a virgin and that she had never before witnessed anything quite so extraordinary as the phenomenal hard-ons his otherwise unimpressive body was capable of producing.
At the thought of Chandy’s face, tensed and quivering with wonder at the sight of his towering stiffness, Ishmail struggled with the muscles in his own face, and settled upon, from a number of less benign alternatives, an expression reminiscent of Saddam Hussein’s face after they hanged him. Although the tyrant’s mustache continued to twitch for a few seconds, swore the animated witnesses, rigidity did not immediately grasp his dead body, but was focused exclusively in his penis. Saddam Hussein died with a woodie?
But on the Internet they always say hanged men sport erections.
While his erection was no longer a concern for the executed Hussein, Ishmail’s erections made his own life very difficult. On a bad day Ishmail might find himself three or even four times at the mercy of his uncontrollable lust, and he often had to relieve himself in the privacy of a restroom cubicle. Thus the petulant monster between his legs was a source of great anguish for Ishmail, a man who sincerely wished he was above such impulses, but on the Monday morning of his third week in his new residence he could no longer resist it and reluctantly, but deliberately, he made an important decision.
Ishmail decided to seek relief from outside.
It was the ease (and speed) with which such assistance was found that astonished him. Simply down the elevator, through the glass and steel foyer and out onto the street and there it was, as if she had been patiently waiting for him all morning, just sitting there like a street vendor’s display item, on the edge of what was a broken wall lining the front of what would soon be converted into a twenty story block of condos in as little as six months (that is, if the builders didn’t find something to strike over, and the culprit banyan roots responsible for the disintegration of the stone wall wasn’t properly dealt with, as its roots grew more and more confident when it came to demolishing brickwork).
His initial assessment: A little grubby. But she was easily persuaded to follow him back into his apartment, where her juvenile eyes widened upon witnessing the luxury of the setting.
Disappointment, however: He soon realized that he had overshot the mark.
The little girl that showered and then sat herself upon his lap upon his brusque order must have been at least nineteen, he realized when he looked closely at her. She fixed her gaze on the fine cotton of his shirt, refusing to make eye contact with him. He went about his business unhindered.
But the pubic hair was thick and unruly.
And the breasts were too full and well-developed.
He preferred the fine down of a pre-pubescent vaginal bush and the puffiness of newly emerging buds, of just beginning breasts.
But most importantly and most disappointingly, she had not been shocked!
She knew exactly what to do with the length of muscle that she soon discovered leaning against her naked outer leg, growing thicker and stronger than her forearm.
He had wanted inexperience, the purity of someone younger, not this practiced little harlot with her annoyingly wet hair. And so once he was done, he struck her and struck her until she stopped screaming.
Still, she was worth the effort as she had helped him stop thinking about Chandy.
But some hours later the thoughts returned.
The vacuum that was his soul began to replay his every memory of her, like a looping video screening in a high-tech electronics showroom. He began to think about what he needed to do to the girl-child Chandy if he was to ever succeed in shocking her into admiration, shocking her into respectful subservience.
When the awful idea finally came to him, and the means by which it might be achieved had been sufficiently debated by the voices, Ishmail’s sick, repulsive mind grinned at the thought. Indeed, as he bundled the dead little harlot’s body into a heavy duty garbage bag, his face actually formed a real smile.


CHAPTER TWELVE.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Sever the ignorant doubt in your heart with the sword of self-knowledge. Observe your discipline. Arise” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Crying.
It certainly sounded like crying.
Undoubtedly, Arden could hear someone crying.
He paused on the second-floor landing (as he often did, anyway, but usually much more slyly) and began entertaining the (rather ludicrous) idea that the crying was coming from Chandy’s suite.
He paused some more.
After an additional pause he sidled, cautiously, up to the door of Suite 201, and with even more caution, leant his ear against the rough woodwork.
Crying. Definitely, Arden could hear crying. And sobbing. And then a soft keening. And it sounded exactly like he imagined Chandy would sound like if she were crying, although he couldn’t imagine what would make such an unflappable personality ever shed tears unless it was according to the film director’s express instructions to do so.
“Excuse me,” came a quiet female voice behind him, “This is my room and I will tell the manager if you don’t go away, please good Sir!”
The owner of the voice reached around, inserted and turned a key and then entered Suite 201. He recognized her instantly. It was Chandy’s friend and the Hepburn’s performer, Bonny.
Three more girls, all about fourteen or fifteen silently followed her into the room, the last firing at him a scowl severe enough to scald.
Despite blistering inside at the humiliation of being caught on the verge of Peeping Tom status, Arden was too intrigued to be deterred.
Holding the door open, he peered in and was surprised to see a space the same size as his sitting room neatly laid out with four single beds. Through the adjoining door to the other room he could see more beds, all neatly made with hospital corners and creaseless coverlets. He never got hospital corners on his bed and these girls obviously didn’t employ the maid who serviced his rooms: These beds were made with care by the people who slept in them.
Apart from the stark cleanliness, the rooms were ordinary enough except for one thing: There was a profusion of stuffed cushions, soft toys and teddy bears about the place. He was intruding upon a feminine sanctuary, a refuge from man-monsters, a safe haven of estrogen in a tempest of testosterone.
And then, after the quarter second it took to comprehend the fact that he was looking in at an unofficial girl’s dorm, his gaze alighted on Chandy, seated cross-legged on her bed in the back of the two rooms. She was indeed crying, clutching a faded old teddy bear to her chest, and the bed she had made and must sleep in was almost identical to all the other girls’ beds.
***
At Mitra’s sparsely attended funeral that afternoon, Chandy leant her head softly on Arden’s shoulder. She was alone in the world and if her Bollywood education had taught her anything it was that the Indian family is sacrosanct. It is the glue that holds Indian society together and it is what makes the Indian culture so morally superior to the decadent West. It is never impugned in either the narrative or the mise en scene of any good and proper Bollywood film and that is why most movies from Mumbai include a heart-warming wedding scene. But now she had no family at all.
Chandy looped her arm in Arden’s and with a sibilant exhalation from her lungs, her gentle, sweet breath rose up and the teary sigh buzzed warmly about his neck and earlobe. He hugged her tight, with avuncular concern, trying to reassure her, but still the orphan’s tears continued to flow, as was right and natural.
It was their first intimately physical contact, and although it was entirely platonic, and although he was sorry to be saying goodbye to the Old Clown Mustapha Mitra, whom he had grown to love, he was overjoyed to be saying such a hello to Mustapha Mitra’s daughter. He would be like an uncle to her, this he promised to Mitra, as the clods of earth landed on his shroud-wrapped corpse. He would look after Chandy and make sure no damage was ever done to her preciously under-aged chastity.
Then her scent, a common enough corner-pharmacy bought toiletry, mingled with her own bakery-fresh body odor, visited his nostrils and almost drove him wild. But he was strong and he pushed down the desire for his new niece, as all good uncles should do, for his job now was to protect her juvenile purity.
Like family, she was his responsibility now and if she wanted to shine as a Bollywood star, as he believed she could, then he would not be the boorish, over-protective Father Figure who stood in her way.
One day she would turn eighteen and then, another voice in his head speculated, wildly, his uncle status might even evolve to another level.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “Delusion arises from anger. The mind is bewildered by delusion. Reasoning is destroyed when the mind is bewildered. One falls down when reasoning is destroyed” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Ishmail kept a close eye on the social pages. He subscribed to Cine-Blitzen and even despoiled his eyes with the down-market tabloid, The Mumbai Screen Mirror. Renown for innuendo and its sleaze-filled pages filled with adult services advertisements, it sometimes listed casting calls. Learning what he could of the hirings and firings taking place and researching the funding machinations behind new productions was his self-set assignment. And forever trying to decide which of the rumors concerning the movements of Bollywood’s directors deserved attention, or which were just beat-ups by second-rate journalists, as was the case, he suspected when he went chasing after Aditra Chopra all the way to the shrine at Katra.
“That’s what successful actors do, isn’t it?” he asked himself out loud, “Keep abreast of the ins and outs of the industry, scrutinize the public announcements and show up at all the right places?”
He didn’t bother with acting classes or voice training, believing that all he needed to know was where the real Bollywood movers and shakers were meeting next. He just needed to know where to go to be seen in his perfect suits and ties, not how to express himself via Stanislavski. He simply needed to network with the right people, the Bollywood Big Shots of tomorrow.
Contacts, not talent, that was what got you parts in the next big Mumbai movie, he told himself, not realizing that the most productive contacts and networking were those based on friendship, shared interests and mutual respect.
And so he eventually ended up - simultaneously aloof and nervous (arriving alone and later leaving still alone, of course) - trying to schmooze it up at one of Dickey Kumar’s legendary film industry parties perched high on the slopes of the ever-so-civilized Malabar Hill.
Surprisingly, he seemed to be accepted there, and that realization bolstered his confidence.
As terrible fate would have it, Chandy was also schmoozing it up there that day, and something the smitten, unsubtle man said to her made her bolt in tears, like a rabbit skittering away from a shotgun-wielding poacher.
Although managing to get out and about for industry dos and gatherings such as this, Chandy was still in mourning and quite fragile, but Ishmail knew nothing of that, and probably wouldn’t have cared anyway.
Chez Kumar was, however, despite its occasional nights of debauchery, a safe haven for vulnerable actors and actresses. The frightened Chandy immediately found solace in the mothering arms of the ever-dependable Charles.
The society hostess wiped away the youngster’s hot tears, spoke words of wisdom about what crude beasts men could be, and soothed the panicky kitten whom few had ever before seen surface from beneath the facade Chandy so earnestly cultivated (tough as any nail, ruthless as any politician, and ambitious, of course, as any Hollywood actress).
***
Not many days later a similarly tawdry but even more violent incident took place at Hepburn’s, when an unusually drunk and overly amorous Ishmail draped himself like a tent over Chandy’s girlfriend, Shraboni (the one who went by the stage name of ‘Bonny’).
He sniffed the pubic ripeness of her skin and, unstoppably aroused, groped her tiny breast, suggesting she let him do something too forward even for that licentious establishment.
Bonny tried to escape his sleazy strong hands but for her struggles received a whack across the side of her head that perforated her eardrum and left her legally deaf in the right ear for the rest of her days.
It was rumored Ishmail then punched the elderly proprietor in the face, breaking her nose, before a large, muscular arm reached out for him. The arm was attached to an exceptionally burly employee of Babs’. Yet Ishmail somehow wrenched himself free and the air suddenly became thick with airborne plates, wine glasses, left and right hooks, uppercuts and flying finger food.
Bonny recklessly contributed to the fracas (going postal, going ape-shit, going mental, as her peers would have described her), with well-aimed blows from a crystal wine carafe to Ishmail’s low-browed skull connecting, carrying sufficient momentum to have caused permanent brain retardation or even death in frailer men.
This frenzied action of Bonny’s would have been edifying to any psychologists subjecting her to an ethics committee for an approved case study. She clearly went through the psychological process of multiple transference, whereby all the men who had treated her scummily in her short, young life were now housed in the big, flabby body of Ishmail. He clawed like a blinded grizzly bear as she flayed him, calling him by various hated men’s names. Meanwhile, the poorly kept secret of a switchblade strapped to his calf was duly discovered and quickly extracted by the indoors security staff, who then bundled him out the back door.
Bloodied but not broken on the dirty pavement outside, Ishmail sucked air through his teeth and felt relieved at his good fortune and health, until he then began to receive the mother and grandmother of all wallopings from the outside door bouncers - who’d have pulled their guns and shot him dead the instant Babs gestured for them to do so.
Almost comatose, he had to agree to add his shaking signature to a contract, for he could feel the cold jabbing circle of pistol barrel pushed deep between his shoulder blades.
Even as he drifted in and out of consciousness, he was deemed by numerous witnesses to have consented to the guaranteed payment of a huge cash settlement before the injured Babs gave her obedient heavies permission to let the ambulance take what was left of him away.
Two days later he refused the offer of a wheelchair with unnecessary pride and staggered away from the Emergency Ward of the Breach Candy hospital to a nearby taxi rank. His battle scars included several tears in his jacket sleeve, many deep stitches in various parts of his face and torso and a severe rent in his pride. His right elbow had been dislocated and three ribs, his nose and two of the fingers on his left hand had been broken, but he could manage a stumbling sort of walk and was well enough to get himself discharged, although it was done against medical advice.
A few minutes later that afternoon, having been thrown out of the taxi window by a disgusted and angry Ishmail, his torn suit jacket became the prized possession of a pavement dweller near Gowalia Tank, who painstakingly repaired it and with that little act of recycling may have performed the only completely honest and positive act to be mentioned in this entire section of the novel’s manuscript.
Forever positive herself, however, Babs later joked to her closest friends that she’d been planning new rhinoplasty anyway, and Ishmail was wise enough to pay for the surgery very promptly indeed when she sent a heavily muscled underling to visit. Thus, thanks to further payments by Ishmail, the newspapers never printed even a whisper about the incident.
Regardless of his success in preventing the incident turning into what would normally have been a front page fiasco in the The Mumbai Screen Mirror, and, in fact, preventing its mention in any media at all, Ishmail was getting an inexcusable reputation for being a troublemaker. He was someone you didn’t put on your guest list, no matter how well dressed he was, or how much he eventually paid for his indiscretions, although he personally thought all the gossiping and innuendo was, in the end, mere sport, and even a necessary part of getting noticed.
“That’s what successful actors do, isn’t it?” he sneered to himself.
He was like a brawling Marlon Brando or a pugilistic Russell Crowe, he fantasized, while his wounds slowly healed and his tailor carefully crafted a new suit. Hell, if he had to, he’d buy the copyright to a half-way decent script which would eventually be reworked and credited entirely to him. Then he would hire a Director he could control, a hard-working crew and a bunch of up-and-coming co-actors on a deferred payment plan and simply cast himself as India’s next cinematic superstar.
Just like Matt Damon and his mate Ben Affleck did when they got Hollywood’s A-listers to work on a script with the weird name Good Will Hunting written by these two unknown but admittedly ultra charming and confident actor/writers.
Except he would not be selling a great idea, rather, he would be buying services. This was what he would do, but hmm ... what kind of Bollywood movie did he want to star in? He now had his choice.
And while it is always good to be planning for the future, the past must be dealt with eventually. But with no mates to whom he could aggrandize the incident at Hepburn’s, and swagger over the incident at Hepburn’s, and valorize his own role in the incident at Hepburn’s, the humiliation was downplayed by his sub-conscious, but not forgotten.
Like a glowing little lump of coal fallen from a speeding nightmare train, it slowly burned and simmered in his backward brain, and the recklessness of his sub-conscious prodded this independent little fire of hate to inch closer and closer to the fore, paving the way for an even more noticeable conflagration, an incident even more egregious than those at either the Kumar or Babs place.
***
So this is the Kumar place all to Himself, He dreams. And that is - well, who else? She. And She is floating there, above the swimming pool, the water does not deserve Her like He does and Her eyes are flashing and swooping like car headlights in motion. A sensual fire burns from within them and She catches Him, tickles Him with the soft flames.
She is like all those schoolgirls, innocent, naive, only much, much prettier.
And yet She boldly asks Him if He wants to play the game with Her. She is delicious and She is well aware of that fact, although no-one has properly tasted Her. They play for a little while and then when She sees It, She is suddenly awestruck, respectful, reverential. It is his greatest possible gift to Her and She smiles with appreciation. She even sheds a quick tear of joy for It is a splendid gift and they share It together. She honors It with Her beauty.
She agrees that Bollywood is for Him but not for Her. She agrees He needs to be tended to, catered for, spoilt. She agrees He will be the Star, not Her, for He has so obviously been chosen by fate itself for such a role, so well-endowed is He.
She adores His Gift. She bows down before the Lord Penis. She Accepts the Gift of the Lord Penis and She is Shocked but Grateful. She Accepts the Gift of the Lord Penis and She is Shocked but Grateful. She Accepts the Gift of the Lord Penis and She is Shocked but Grateful.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN.
The Bhagavad Gita advises the studious reader: “As a man can drink water from any side of a full tank, so the skilled theologian can wrest from any scripture that which will serve his purpose” (Vyasa et al, circa 200 BCE to 200 CE).

Ajmal Kasab was unaware of his forthcoming fame and celebrity status and, regardless of the fast-approaching show-time; he was feeling anything but creative or artistic. Despite now being a trusted member of the most ferocious dog pack of Islamist terrorists ever assembled, the soldier of Islam from Faridkot was grappling with an embarrassing problem as they sped towards the shores of Mumbai.
He had excelled in his advanced marine training at the Mangla Dam reservoir in the remote mountains of Azad Kashmir, but Kasab was now convulsing with seasickness and vomiting violently into the heavy swell of the blue-black Arabian Sea. The butterflies in his stomach had been drowned by an ocean of acidic bile.
The pack had just commandeered a ship from Pakistani waters back into Indian territory, and having no further need for him, had slowly and gleefully slit the throat of Solanki Singh, the 52-year-old Captain of MV Kuber. The thieving old Indian had been caught once again illegally fishing in Pakistan’s sovereign waters, and this fact alone justified executing him. They barked loudly as they left his bloodless body washing about on the deck of his own ship.
Like his four-man crew (they’d each been dispatched the same way as Singh, but with even less ceremonial judiciary) the Captain of the Kuber was no longer a necessary part of their mission. He and his hi-jacked trawler had gotten them within rubber dinghy distance of their target and that was the plan all along. The Pakistani American, David Headley, had chosen the ideal landing site and a sandy, unlit, red carpet beckoned.
Nevertheless, the incident onboard the Kuber was Ajmal Kasab’s first close encounter with real killing, and even though they were just filthy Hindu swine, the bloodshed had made him queasy. This before the seas got a big roll on and now, with each swing of the boat atop the gut-churning waves, he learned just how debilitating seasickness could really be.
Fahad Ullah, that bastard son of a goat herder from Dipalpur Taluka, sneered at Kasab: “Why are you looking so green in the face, pretty boy? You look like you are being sodomized for the first time. Surely this is not your first time with a hard cock up your backside, hey, pretty boy?”
The baby-faced Ajmal ignored him. He knew that Fahad Ullah was Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi’s favorite, and it wouldn’t be wise to cross the Operations Commander’s favorite, even though he, The Ajmal, was to be no less a Martyr himself should Allah see fit to receive him that night.
The ten Islamic warriors quickly divided into their two teams and boarded the inflatables they had lowered from the side of the soon-to-be abandoned fishing vessel. A double check by Fahad Ullah and they immediately began to speed towards the shores of Mumbai, darkness still covering them like a velvet blanket.
High grade methamphetamine in the concentrated crystalline form known as ‘Ice’ coursed through the veins of each of the men on board their holy mission: It was considered by Commander Lakhvi to be a necessary chemical addition to their arsenal of AK-47s and Chinese made Norinco Type 86 grenades if they were to stay alert throughout the upcoming long assignment.
The levels of testosterone in their blood, too, were elevated to way above normal, thanks to the weekly injections of anabolic steroids (FYI, muscle heads, the stack used was two ampoules of Sustanon 250 per week and a once weekly Deca Durabolin 50, all intra-muscular injections administered under the medical supervision of sympathetic doctors, of course).
Kasab preferred the jab to be in his buttocks. His left arm had been rendered almost immobile for two days and three nights after he first received the anabolic steroid injection in his previously less than imposing deltoid muscle. After that it was bend over and this will only sting for a second.
So, swimming as they were within a chemical cocktail of speed and anabolic steroids plus their naturally high endogenous levels of adrenaline, the hand-picked crew was as strong and as mean as any battalion of men could be that night. They vowed to replicate the recent September attack on the decadent Marriott Hotel in Islamabad with chemically enhanced aggression.
But Ullah would not shut up with his running joke about the good-looking Kasab ditching the mission when, the moment he stepped foot in Mumbai, he would undoubtedly be offered a Bollywood screen test (Kasab was the only member of the squad who spoke anything better than passable Hindi anyway, so the joke never really wore out, and Kasab himself winced because, as with every jester’s barb, there was a kernel of truth to Ullah’s joke).
“You’ll never make it in Bollywood with a complexion like that! There’s no demand for green-skinned actors!”
Ullah just would not shut up!
“Not unless they do a live-action Shrek or a Hindi version of The Incredible Hulk movies!”
The older Pakistani Muslim laughed loudly at his own joke while the waves buffeted their rubber craft like a musician abusing timpani drums. They had gotten drunk all together one night and everyone had seen Kasab’s imitation of Amitabh Bachchan in the 1990 gangster film Agneepath and all been impressed at his well-honed acting skills.
And although he didn’t have the height he certainly had the looks and determination to make it in Bollywood, thus if Allah was not willing to accept his Martyrdom that night and he escaped into the thoroughly reconnoitered safe house in a nearby Sobo slum area that next morning, then there was the distinct possibility of Fahad Ullah’s prediction coming true, Kasab thought. After a successful display, that is, of Muslims killing more Hindus and Jews in one night than ever seen before in India. Despite his roiling stomach he managed a smile. His life was going to be wonderful!
As the Arabesque lights of Mumbai’s night-time skyline became faintly visible through the haze of saltwater spray, the white-bearded Abdul Rahman from Arifwalla, who rarely said anything much at all, hissed at Fahad Ullah to be quiet, or, by Allah, he’d throw him overboard himself. And with him drowned, then no family of his from Dipalpur Taluka would see a single rupee of the 150,000 promised by the Inter Services Intelligence as a fair reward for his successful Martyrdom.
Thus, as silence returned, and as the ‘Roid and Meth’ raging comrades gripped the inflatable’s handles hard, Kasab bit his tongue and repeated to himself in his native Urdu the mantra that he had become reliant upon, all through the arduous Lashkar-e-Taiba mountain training, all through the teasing and bullying from his older Lashkar-e-Taiba comrades, and all through the Lashkar-e-Taiba massacre on board the Kuber:
“Jihad is about killing and getting killed and becoming famous. Jihad is about killing and getting killed and becoming famous. Jihad is about killing and getting killed and becoming famous.”
The hackles on his neck and spine had grown fully erect. How proud his little sister Saraiyya would be of him, he thought between his barely audible chants, for he was going to Bollywood and nothing would stop him from becoming famous, no … Legendary. They would paint his portrait on a prominent village wall in Faridkot and his Martyrdom would be regularly celebrated.
Unless he survived, in which case Ajmal would invent himself a new last name and become a famous Bollywood actor.
Reason, he knew, is the least seaworthy of vessels. Life’s doubters, its refugees and absconders might bind themselves tight to its mast, but they inevitably all faced extinction by the dark oceans of unreason upon which they were tossed. Only Allah knew what course they would take and Ajmal Kasab believed his Allah was truly at the rudder.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN.
The God Delusion advises the studious reader what the Bhagavad Gita fails to even mention: “Though the details differ across the world, no known culture lacks some version of the time-consuming, wealth consuming, hostility provoking rituals, the anti-factual, counter-productive fantasies of religion” (Richard Dawkins, 2006 CE).

Arden was enjoying a smoke of the finest Kashmiri Charas (most likely produced from the mountain-side cannabis of Himachal Pradesh, his dealer had boasted) in the privacy of his air-conditioned suite at The Good Old Goodwin Arms. His smoking companion was his friend, the albino-skinned, gambling semi-reprobate and his (not counting Dickey) all time best-est buddy, Salahudden, who had recently given up on his short-lived business of guided tours of movie star homes. Staring at deserted, gated, long driveways was not exactly popular with the tourists.
It was when the bribes extorted by Mumbai’s traffic police finally cleaned out all his lean and meager capital in just the third week of his business’ operation that Sala finally admitted defeat. There was simply no way for him to go on unless he borrowed, and without any real collateral for a bank loan that would only leave him the option of the loan-sharks, who he knew would end up eating him alive. Unfortunately for the business’s bottom line, the underpaid Indian Police do not issue bribe receipts, not even for legitimate income tax return purposes, and Sala reluctantly sold his treasured tour vehicle to regain some of his financial outlay. There’s always another dummy …
Sullen, however, Sala was not, for he was presently in his element. Or perhaps it should it be said that three of his favorite elements (they being alcohol, hashish and goat curry) were in him, for there were plentiful provisions on hand from the generous store of Dr Pyle, and Sala felt no need nor polity to restrain his always demanding and excessive appetite.
A friendly pall of blue-grey hashish smolder hung almost motionless about the two men’s contented heads, like a gaseous, heated buffer against clear, cold reality. And they had two whole Tolas (just over 20 grams) of the most potent Charas in Mumbai to enjoy.
The pair were certainly luxuriating in the peaceful solitude of Arden’s now well-appointed two room suite at The Arms. Heartened by his growing bank balance, he had bought a small refrigerator and a large plasma screen and the former was stacked solid with 330 ml ring-pull cans of domestically brewed Kingsley brand beer, which at around 12 rupees each for a carton of two dozen room temperature cans, was cheaper than the equivalent quantity in fluid ounces of most brands of bottled water. In fact, it was the cheapest mass-produced lager available there in Mumbai and a dozen cartons still lay stacked against one wall of his apartment, patiently waiting their turn in the refrigerator.
But more than refrigeration was necessary for the real enjoyment of beer in India’s heat. The lagers, stouts and ales ordered in bars or restaurants were often served with ice-cubes, but Arden never trusted the source of the water for those kitchen-supplied chunks of crackling ice. How could he tell it wasn’t the bacterial soup Mumbai’s free water faucets always spouted, simply jarred and frozen?
Instead, he had carefully balanced tray after tray of distilled water in the freezer that morning and now had plenty of ice cubes to serve Sala - and himself - in glasses enveloped by that most uncomplicated of inventions ever, the foam rubber stubby holder. Like most things important to a comfortable suburban life-style, Carol annoyingly reminded him every time they went to her hometown of Sydney, the stubby holder was just one of many world-changing Australian inventions, and he could never tell if she was serious in her nationalism or not.
A simple cylinder of foam rubber, it invented an advertising space where previously there had been none (Stubbie holders in Australia were like hand-held billboards, printed with different business, sports and/or charity logos). Its function was to provide insulation against the ambient heat and keep the cans, glasses or similarly dimensioned small, brown bottles of VB, Fourex or Fosters slightly colder for fractionally longer.
Carol also reminded him of other world-changing Australian inventions such as the sealed plastic, bladder-holding, four liter, cardboard casks of cheap wine from quality vineyards such as those in the Barossa valley in South Australia, being sold for as little as AUD $8.00 (Chardonnay, Claret or Riesling in bulk, the kids called such wine boxes “Goon”).
And, apparently, the petrol-powered lawn-mower; the Australian Crawl (or ‘freestyle’ swimming, as it is now known); and something called the Hills Hoist clothesline: all inventions that the enterprising descendants of a former English convict colony had come up with Down Under. Oh, and the vaccination for cervical cancer, she remembered. Arden loved the honest energy of Australians but their cultural cringing and fawning could get annoying.
A hill of crushed, empty Kingsley beer cans was growing near the fire exit door, some two and a half yards from Arden’s two-seater sofa. It had been built from numerous lobs the two either applauded - as when a skillfully crumpled and tossed can providing more super-structure for the small mountain of thin, misshapen aluminum - or groans and jeers when less accurately thrown they had either bounced off or rolled themselves away from the hillock.
Such rebellious cans would be collected, along with the complete pile, by the elderly maid the next morning, who would sell the empties for enough money to add meat to her family’s dinner that day. She often found windfalls like that when cleaning the rooms of a night partying Gora.
Still in Arden’s suite, the time had ticked over to Beer O’clock and the gentle Southern India produced ale calmed the throat after a voluminous lung-pull of hash smoke. A damp cloth protected the smoker’s lips from inhaled particles of the marijuana resin dislodged from where it should be firmly wedged, slowly burning, into the end of the bone Chillum.
It was a traditionally decorative, hand carved and precious item from the rural village he had grown up in which Sala had ceremoniously gifted to Arden, for Sala had also decided that the two stoners and soon-to-both-be Bollywood Extras were the now the best of friends.
Another of Arden’s expensive outlays in improving his living conditions involved having an illegal cable TV connection installed, the wires expertly spliced by the ever-handy Arms Hotel Clerk, Mohan. Without it, all Arden could get was a wall of white noise from his flash new TV. With the illicit cable connected, Arden’s sitting room became a mini-cinema, offering him and his freeloading Indian couch potato friends or film aficionado guests, around 103 channels, some looping for 24 hours a day (But of this tele-visual banquet, a mere nine channels were in dependably full-time English. Most channels in Mumbai, it seemed, were devoted to repeats of Bollywood hits; Mandarin, Korean or Cantonese karaoke competitions; Japanese staged-for-TV competitions involving physical humiliation of the contestants; or Filipino horror movies with exceptionally unconvincing special effects).
The good old BBC was, of course, ubiquitous and their hourly news bulletins kept expat Britons happy at the personal, bridge burning choices they had made years before in fleeing their country of origin. The UK was not a happy land in 2008 and the BBC did not sugar coat that fact.
Entertainment Now News seemed to be the most dependable of the US stations in terms of crystal-clear reception, but Arden found the celebrity programming alarmist, exploitative.
And, as he tried to explain to Sala -who was enraptured by the glamorous white actresses - it was nothing less than dumb-ed down ‘celebrity porn’.
So, while they now smoked, ate and drank, National Geographic swung helicopter-ed panoramas of giant herds of galloping migrating wildebeest from the dust-rising plains of Africa onto the rectangular flat black panel mounted to his wall. The framed photo with Charlie Sheen shaking Arden’s hand had been re-situated now to the right of the wide screen while his treasured PhD parchment had been moved to the machine’s left).
Natural history programs were often chosen because of the absence of concentration-demanding plot or narrative. Low volume or completely mute, watching lions tear their prey to pieces required no soundtrack. Hey, even the worst voice-over narrated wildlife programs became much less cheesily anthropomorphic and therefore tolerable as entertainment. With the sound completely muted.
Neither Sala nor Arden cared what cute monikers the producers had nick-named the carnivores, and the narrator was probably going on about how just one kill would keep the Lioness and her cubs going for days.
Sala didn’t quite understand his educated friend when it came to his opinions on TV, but ... well, it was his TV.
So they would both become focused, red-eyed, on the big screen just in time to see the cunning big cat fell one of those dopey wildebeest, or … just in time to groan in disappointment when an attack proved too slow and the intended prey escaped to regurgitate another day’s cud. No thrill of a real life kill, no scream of terror, no gurgle of bubbling blood escaping the victim’s terrified lips, 
Lonesome-sounding fish kites had returned to the late afternoon skies outside but their shrill calls were no longer noteworthy as the two men relented to the ‘Munchies’, slowly disposing of their own fish meal, the banana leaf wrapped fillets of hilsa with chutney, known to the locals as Patra ni machhi. Accompanying their seafood feast were the usual side dishes of Dhal and several layers of toasted Chapatti bread.
“These are being very good eatables, Dr Pyle-ji!” said Sala, grinning and praising the food loudly and frequently. Sensing the absence of human interest, let alone threat, two similarly well-fed geckoes energetically copulated on the wall behind them.
Indeed, the previous day at Film City was well worth celebrating for it had been a most productive one: Arden and Sala had both been screen-tested for bit parts in a new romantic comedy, although no exec was yet able to reveal to Arden any firm details about the production. Not even the identity of the superstar actors who would headline the production and account for much of the pre-ticket sales, those sometimes difficult to locate Prima donnas who’d checked into low carb, high cardio detox resorts, and who suffered – if not for their art then for their fans.
All that Arden really knew about the gig was that it would pay more than double the going rate, which is why he went for the role himself rather than doing a full-blown ‘Whitey Run’. And the dubious decision to refer Sala? Well, he’d had to pull a few strings from the Head of Casting, out of guilt for he’d been promising to get his albino friend an extras gig for some time and he was, as he put it:
“Excited I am, to be at long last a Bollywood actor.”
Arden had also organized three clean-cut, young Scottish backpackers to take on roles as extras in the three scene, two day shoot and their anxious compliance by way of the Immigration rules meant he would be keeping their entire pay checks, ha ha! He almost felt guilty at making so much good, easy money but as Sala kept reminding him, Bollywood is business, pure and simple.
The audition was conducted by a casting assistant who was loathe to disclose any hot gossip, under threat of instant dismissal, she explained, which got Arden thinking the film must be something really big. When the publicity barriers went up on a movie’s pre-production details it invariably meant the Big Shot execs were shelling out Big Shot money and intent on protecting their Big Shot investments.
Arden had been allocated a particularly banal line: “Thank you, sir. Have a nice day!” (the casting assistant directed him to act bored and bitter, like a recently cuckolded husband), for he was to play a sales assistant in a menswear store (‘He might get two differently angled shots plus a reaction shot, if he was lucky’, continued the casting assistant. Maybe even his name in the fine print credits: That suggestion alone kept the smile on Arden’s face for hours afterwards, whereas Sala was only successful in getting a non-speaking, deep-in-the background role for the two-day shoot.
Upon hearing him do a screen test the Casting Director’s instantaneous verdict was that, although white enough, Sala’s accent was simply too Indian and he was relegated to walking back and forth across the set behind all the action … for dozens of takes.
The Scottish backpackers (who were not screen tested, their Polaroid photos having been deemed sufficient) were happily standing in the foreground, ready for anything, even a close-up or even, as Arden had scored, a coveted Feature Extras role.
Sala would more than likely be unrecognizable in the movie’s final cut. Nevertheless, he was overjoyed at the prospect of being in a genuine Bollywood movie, although Arden told him not to be surprised if his screen time was disappointingly fleeting or even deleted altogether. Sala growled to himself angrily at that suggestion.
Nevertheless, the two were celebrating. The hashish had encouraged a state of relaxed satisfaction that ought to be envied by over-consumers of intoxicants such as alcohol. Booze is a truly poisonous substance compared to the aromatic herbal concentrate the pair were blissfully inhaling in turns through the intricately carved bone Chillum, which they lovingly caressed, kissed, made druggy love to.
Their eyes were vein-crossed red oranges and nothing needed to be said, as Arden and Sala chewed their food contentedly, and sipped their ice-cold beers in what they conveniently considered to be ‘Consuming Alcohol in Moderation’. Amongst friends such as they, silence is no embarrassment, and not a word had passed either’s lips for a full ten minutes, even as the pipe was passed from one pair of lips to the other. Regardless, the TV set on the wall performed one of its most important functions by adding color and movement to the room’s otherwise motionless void of activity, although Arden was so stoned he kept forgetting which was killer and which was prey.
Smoother and more subtle than the vicious rip of California’s hydroponically grown skunk, he could understand why the traditional recipes for producing the resinous distillate of Indian Hemp was considered by the strict and devout Hindu, Salahudden, and many more of his brethren, to be a gift to humanity from God himself. Arden contentedly sucked down another wad of thick smoke from the Chillum.
But then the serenity was rudely broken when Arden’s Nokia chirruped into life, indicating an SMS had arrived. Fumbling, he eventually managed to punch the ‘Show’ button.
The message scrolling down the screen of the phone read: “Help. Ishmail has got me. Rab ne bana premiere. Pls pls pls.”
It was a text message from Chandy and despite the abundance of THC molecules in his bloodstream, which had so pleasantly fugged his brain, Arden instantly knew she was scared, really scared, and he sobered up fast.
Arden and Chandy had become frequent texters to each other since Mitra’s death but this was the first time she had ever SMS-ed him without the addition of some flirtatious smiley face emoticon, a habit that always served to remind him of the fact that she was still no more than an orphaned, underage girl-child. It was a routine that served to cement in the bedrock of his jaded table of ethics the moralistic position that she was untouchable (at least until she came of age), and so the absence of even a cheery ;-) or :~) made his face blanch more than the actual words on the telephone LCD screen. Obviously, this was no silly teenage girl’s prank. Chandy was in some kind of trouble. With Ishmail.
He dropped the forgotten Chillum and the glowing red coal of hashish tumbled out onto the floor, no longer wanted. The cost of the round black hole it burned into the already ruined carpet was eventually added to the American’s bill by the manager of The Arms, but arguing over that future expense was of little concern to him at this, Chandy’s obviously dire moment of need.
As he rose to his feet he also felt panic rising in his throat but it was obstructed by a solid sphincter constructed entirely from anxiety. The choking sound of having something catch at the back of his windpipe squeaked past his trembling lips and he coughed, twice, hard, and then freed it, and felt immediately triumphant about that small achievement in his breathing.
With that clearing of his lungs, Arden had burst through the psycho-physical barrier of trepidation into gallantry and he knew it was at last time for him to saddle up and put things right for his unofficial charge, Chandy, the vulnerable Bollywood starlet of tomorrow.
As his decision took form in his lungs it escaped his glottis and then his hard palate and teeth and finally emerged as a shout, a yell, a battle cry: “Ishmail! I swear I’m going to kill that perverted, fat bastard!”
In his angry enthusiasm he hit an accidental falsetto, but no-one, had they been present with he and Salahudden in that quiet Mumbai two-star hotel suite, would have doubted the masculine fury of his intent. Thus the worrying missal from Chandy summoned Arden out of The Goodwin Arms like a klaxon call, and once there on the rollicking street, where the stars spread in the black light-year distance with firm intent and the moon throbbed like a breaking heart, he night-sniffed the air and was suddenly full of questions. But there was only one clue: the Rab ne Bana film premiere.
Still alarmed, he could feel the rampant animal energy of the distant crowd well before he could see or even hear it, and although he knew not yet that it was the cause of his current panic, it stirred him, and it would, he suspected, make his rescuing Chandy feel all the more heroic to her.
And still it would be twenty minutes before he would see the outer edge of that pulsing crowd of fans, so he marveled at how the sea breeze carried the infectious pheromones of the melee so far yet remained relatively undiluted, and as he marveled the THC took over his brain once again, swinging back into his Silly Putty brain like a tidal wave, and he momentarily forgot what he was doing.
As he stood there, unsteadily, the buildings seemed to quiver and sway to the far-off music. The Hilsa fish had no doubts: it lurched about in his stomach like a transplanted fetus.
Meanwhile, a tree exploded silently up from the ground.
Arden thought he could hear the plant breathing through its elongated phloem and xylem. It invited him closer. Leaning against the tree with his forehead, he heard the tick-tocks of a clock telling a parallel universe’s time and he lingered there awhile, at ease and momentarily free from fear.
Then he noticed his undone shoelaces, and as he bent down he felt as if his hands were encased in oven mitts as he took hold of the black strings and tried to tie them. Getting up too fast he became dizzy. Arden lost his bearings and staggered, grateful for Sala’s quick and supportive shoulder.
The two stood there for a moment, clasping each other, trying to assess the situation. The boiling evening to come was still just short of simmering near The Arms, with rushing, muffled shouts and screams drifting only in haphazard fragments across Mumbai’s night sky.
Distant flashing lights added firey SFX to that Mise en scene of multi-textured foreboding and Arden felt concussed by what seemed to be an endless hallucination. Then, as if engineered by a Bollywood technician, bright white lightning cracked overhead. Like a bevy of evil snakes in the hot, turgid sky it startled him and he shrank, a frightened child once more.
With the terror of an electric sky spurring his fight or flight instincts, the Hash stone cleared for a moment and the American so far out of his depth there in India, remembered why he was there.
‘Chandy! Little Chandy! Sweet little Chandy!’ he whispered to himself, ashamed at his having momentarily forgotten. He drank down a draught of this reality like clear, cool, vitamin-enriched water but as her name ricocheted around his skull the anxiety began to crystallize in his popping veins. He wasn’t confident about physically engaging Ishmail.
Arden closed his red eyes and sought the position in which his head might stop throbbing and gyrating. Like iced water losing its fluidity, freezing and solidifying, his thoughts slowly gained an element of un-stoned logic and he rubbed his temples to re-invigorate the movement of blood through his brain.
He shook himself the way an Alsatian shakes off a lake.
He tried to set an intrepid, soldierly jaw.
He resisted the urge to thrust his chest.
Swiveling away from the noisy street then, temporarily clear-headed, he hit Chandy’s speed dial number on his phone and heard the numbers play a ten-note song he knew well by heart.
It rang out again, unanswered, and Arden almost screamed in frustration.
Frantic, he engaged his thumbs and shakily keyed out a text message: “Chjandy, Imm coming. Whrre ru?” A second later and his phone told him the message had been successfully sent.
In a panic still, he called Dickey - who was indulgently nursing a cocktail and patiently awaiting the next floor show with Babs, her new nose still swathed in bandages.
Upon being convinced by Arden of the gravity of the girl’s situation, Dickey put aside his drink and instantly swung Rasta and the trusty black Ambassador into stout action. Soon, Arden was clambering aboard himself, shouting:
“Challo! Challo! Futta-fut. Let’s go. Quickly! Chandy is in danger!”
Meanwhile, the black-steel pliers of dread continued to twist his heart like they were tightening a bolt. Could he really do away with Ishmail and save her?
As Rasta gunned the lumbering but well-maintained old car in the direction of Dhobitalao in Southernmost Mumbai – the venue of choice for big film event planners. Arden peered intently through the tinted glass of the fastmoving vehicle. He fidgeted and worried a cuticle with his teeth until it bled, then moved on to another finger.
The brightly lit streetscape ran by in the car windows, playing a catch-me-if-you-can game with tiny flashes of black, forlorn night populated by the faceless, the homeless and far too many of the shameless and desperate denizens of Mumbai.
The naked circuitry of the city glowed eerily through the cracks in its foundations.
Machinery dark, low-ceilinged warrens turned away from little off-streets and unlit, mud-dripping, canvas-draped alleyways seemed this night like doorways to dead end scenarios of evil, whereas on previous evenings they had been perceived by Arden as much more positive and far more fascinating portals to cultural excitement. Then, the backstreets of Mumbai shone with adventure, glistened with who-knows-what exotica … And the reeking smell, like rotting sauerkraut, only added to their allure.
The car sped on and Arden continued to think his negative thoughts. Like a spider’s web tunnel connecting feeble promises with his paper-thin prayers, the dark, flying moment of this night registered with Arden as frail, vulnerable and destined for world-wide disintegration, international Armageddon or some other planetary misfortune. If Chandy was hurt, then the world was not good, the world was not pure, the world was evil and murderous.
And as the Ambassador purred along easily, he winced, for he intuitively knew that some real pain was coming his way. He knew that like the denizens of that Mumbai squalor who burrowed and squirmed at the end of those canvas-draped alleyways, where brackish light stagnated yellow and green, this time Ishmail Najmudden was about to take his animal instincts too far. Far too far from the acceptable even for most broad-minded Indians, and Chandy would suffer at his horrible hands and so, then, Arden too would suffer.
Dickey was no less aware of Ishmail’s unsavory reputation but tried to lighten Chandy’s liberation mission by, of all things, referencing Shakespeare. He was, admittedly, a little inebriated from his evening dinner taken at Hepburn’s and his voice quickly gained the pitch of quotation:
“What win I if I gain the thing I seek: A dream, a breath, a froth of fleeting joy? Who buys a minute’s mirth to wail a week, or sells eternity to gain a toy?”
Arden thought it might be from The Rape of Lucrece, which it was, but after a microsecond’s consideration he decided he couldn’t see the fucking relevance and thenceforth only clenched his teeth harder.
Salahudden also had difficulty in relating Dickey’s pompous quote to their present situation, but gathered it was meant to discourage any overly reckless acts. He, too, was extremely apprehensive about locking horns with the rich renegade Ishmail, who was newly armed with a pistol, if the rumors on the streets were to be believed.
“I am not being so sure of this thing, Dr Arden,” whined Sala. He continued to whimper:
“We should be trusting in God. He will be doing the needful.”
Arden responded by wrenching up the torque and working his grinding, millstone teeth even harder. And as the Ambassador entered the dazzling, six-lane, horseshoe arc of Marine Parade, the needle of its speedometer swung way over to the right, hovering around thirty miles per hour, which is very fast indeed for the streets of urban India.
Arden looked up through the Ambassador’s open sunroof and spotted atypical illumination. Across the clouds of the night sky swept crazy, untrained searchlights, cartooning the cumulus into weird, cloudy visages. The powerful lights were serving no less a purpose than advertising to each and every Mumbaikar with working eyesight that a Bollywood world film premiere - the occasion which all of India churned for - would that night be on offer.
Although it was a full moon, on this cinematic Blitzkrieg of a night most fans were like automatons groping around in the dark, keen for lunar inspiration.
Or perhaps the round, full moon actually added to their obsequious excitement, for a new movie of this caliber was like a blood ritual or like a secular sacrifice of the Mundane, and such frenzied Black Sabbaths have always been associated with the culmination of a 28 day astral cycle.
As if it were some bored god’s time-bleached fontanel, a skull-shaped orb of divine bone, the moon housed each and all of humanity’s animal emotions. In the moon the crowd’s sub-human, sub-conscious desire grew and caused the fissures between its lunar plates to leak lust like water. When in maximum opposition to the sun, this sphere of rock could pull up tides and set off hysterics. It shone down and further intoxicated the movie-worshipping mob.
And the many addicted Filmi fans of Mumbai would have skulls irrigated until fit to burst with wetly adoring devotion that night, Arden realized. They must have their celluloid dreams made replete: Within each of the swarming fan’s hearts grew solid columns of covetousness and twisting pillars of untamed desire. As greedy as any vampire draining the blood from a swooning virgin, they demanded satiation at all cost, and it would be a night of many misdeeds indeed if they were to find themselves obstructed.
Tracing the searchlights back to their source on the ground, Arden determined the crowds were centered at the Metro Cinema, a recently refurbished and now six screen Art Deco structure dating back to the late 1930s. But that much he could have already guessed. He knew the history.
Where else but the Metro to go for the completely un-real, the totally insane, the entirely fake storylines of a song and dance movie? Where else but the Metro would the sad ‘Flavor of the Minute’ atmosphere be turned up to its fullest volume on that fame-defining strip of red carpet leading up to its Temple-like front steps? Where else but the Metro could screen addicts get their fix of the good stuff?
As the regal black car was forced to slow down by a donkey-drawn cart widely loaded with wicker and cane furniture ahead of them, Arden resisted his usual writer’s urge to study the wild, fascinating throng of fans. As if the crowd were a single monstrous entity begging for scientific categorization, if not explanation, he would have studied it in the same cool, detached way a microbiologist cleaves a thin slice of a communal life from wriggling pond scum onto a glass slide and examines it beneath a microscope lens. But now was not the right time for science, now was the time for action. So instead he concentrated on the mechanics of the task at hand, getting back to safety his own little Chandy.
That despairing SMS from the usually vibrant and vital young girl had compelled Arden into a state of focused heroism. Although he lacked authentic confidence in his ability, especially given his THC-compromised state, he was fully prepared to test whatever courage he had. Thus, this White Knight of Bollywood spurred his imaginary Arabian stallion into a gallop. No time to lose! There’s a fair maiden to rescue!
No well-dressed but uncouth Goliath/Ishmail would despoil his fair maiden while there was steel and mettle at his disposal - although Rasta was beginning to resent the force with which Arden kept tightly gripping his shoulder, willing him to drive faster, even as the chauffeur span the Ambassador’s steering wheel like the most earnest of rally car drivers.
Near the edge of Washerman’s Lake the vehicle’s suspension complained as Rasta swerved to miss a stalled Tata truck before catapulting them through a space in the traffic - with all four tires squealing.
The three passengers caught back their breath as the car slowed and drove beneath a gaudily painted canvas banner, stretched high across the road, which gaily confirmed the identity of the silver screen attraction.
It was indeed the romantic comedy Rab ne Bana di Jodi starring current screen idols Shahrukh Khan and Anushka Sharma and directed by Bollywood old-hand Aditya Chopra in the stock-standard one dozen song and dance sequences he had built his career with.
Predictably, the choreography would be linked by a typically ludicrous narrative arc, a supremely confident and arrogant expectation by the film producers that the usual universal trance-like suspensions of audience disbelief would forgive all.
Arden swallowed down the derision he held for this kind of Indian Pulp Cinema, and it felt like bile burning through the lining of his esophagus.
Although he hadn’t bothered to research it, he fully expected Chopra’s film Rab Ne Bana to be an old-fashioned flop, a two-hour turkey, one they would serve cranberry sauce with when it came to the reviewers’ publishing of post-mortems.
However, Arden also knew the film-going public had neither taste nor sophistication and therefore he should be ready for any outcome at the box office. Even overblown, half-baked turkeys could eventually be digested by an addicted viewer, but he wondered, nevertheless, how the publicity for this major film happening had crept up on him so unawares.
Wednesday, November 26th, 2008: He should have seen it all coming.
***
Arden Pyle PhD had been in Mumbai for what seemed a lifetime, and he felt at times like a real Mumbaikar, proudly, yet Chandy’s growing excitement about the event had failed to register even when she had reverently slipped him a glossy flyer for the movie the day before they and the giant, hand-painted billboards would hit the streets. Her passions were the passing fads of any child her age, he had incorrectly justified to himself at the time, and he condescendingly regarded her viewing habits as cutely juvenile.
Regardless of Arden’s superciliousness, Rab ne Bana was going to be a huge hit, a national blockbuster, and anyone who read the film bibles such as Cine-Blitzen or The Mumbai Screen Mirror could have told you that.
Although tonight’s premiere was the really big one, it would open tomorrow night to similar scenes of madness and chaos in Delhi, Hyderabad, Ahmadabad, Kolkata and a hundred other cities throughout India. The really important critics - the ones that people actually read - had already been treated to private screenings, complete with sumptuous food, wine and gift packs, and as a result their rapturously positive reviews were all but locked in.
Those film review hacks that could not be relied upon to support the film were never even invited, and by the time their less-than-glowing verdicts made it to press, if at all, it would be too late anyway. The box office takings in the first week, maybe the second as well, they were what made or broke a film. Rab Ne Bana was destined for immortality: The Movie Gods had spoken and pre-packaged, pre-digested and pre-destined was just how Bollywood audiences were told they liked it. And like it, they did.
Although it was still at least an hour before the famous and almost famous would arrive to prance, pose and pout upon the red carpet, the crowds were already seething and all a squirm, for the moon was up, the dogs were on the howl and the Bollywood Beast was taking shape.
Rabid humanity began lining the street from corner to corner, eventually reaching around ten slathering movie fans deep, shouting curses and encouragement to each other over the blaring Filmi Ganas, movie Gazals and other full volume pop hits. Coming from the giant, white loudspeakers that looked like military hardware for refugee camps, the whole scene seemed like a soon-to-be-at war zone, and a well-appointed team of riot police was doing its level best to keep them all behind the cordon and off the road, where the rubber-necking traffic still recklessly barged into gaps like roaring battle flak.
With polished black cachet as its cowcatcher, the Ambassador ploughed through the crowds, too, until it could go no further, its wheels seemingly choked with the mangled flesh of a hundred sub-continental cinema addicts. When Dickey stated firmly he would not get out, let alone stay, for fear of being recognized and mobbed, and that Arden should also let the matter of Chandy go, Arden understood why. He knew Dickey was a good man, but without bodyguards (Charles had all their staff with her at another engagement), Dickey was wise to be cautious.
Arden respected his professional decision. Dickey tried and tried and never stopped trying in a world where very few others did likewise. A world where others just took up space and got in the way whereas he got things done. But he was no closer to understanding Arden’s personal values regarding under-age marriage than anyone else in India. Sala being a possible exception, of course: To him, a committed bachelor, all marriages are to be avoided.
Sala was a little bit mad, a little bit touched in the head, and so, on this night at least, was Arden. He and Salahudden quickly alighted and they both had such fire running through their veins that they did not even notice the gentle rain falling.
“Challo! Futta-fut! Let’s go!” Sala screamed at Arden, his eyes wide and sparkling with child-like exhilaration. Sala, as Arden well knew, was an excitable man up for anything, except, say, endurance sun-tanning.
The two men strained to see beyond the edges of the crowd but it seemed to be an endless mass. Sala pointed towards the cinema entrance front steps and not having any better plan himself, Arden agreed with a vigorous nodding. They pushed their way forward like cowherds and then suddenly they found themselves in the clear. But they also instantly felt vulnerable, as if all the crowd around them had been transformed into big game trophy hunters whose single-minded mission was to skin and mount their prized white pelts.
The pair stood out the same way two glowing fireflies, at a moonless stroke of midnight, in a deep black cave full of bats, would have inevitably also have stood out. Meanwhile, unconcerned at all by their skin color, the damp heat clung to them tenaciously, just as it did to everyone else in that undulating crowd, and started to make the non-natural fibers most of the men wore smell (reminding him of the musty steamer wetsuits Arden used to wear when he went surfing as a teenager), and their polyester and nylon funk not only stuck fast to the air, it also clung stale and solidifying on the skin.
Indeed, the wet Dhobitalao night air was fat with car horns and excitement and sweat. The morass of people, although they had a shared set of foci, lacked sufficient backbone to be called a pack but was nevertheless not so insufficiently structured as to be called a mob, for they recognized the authority of the police and grudgingly obeyed the jabbed commands to get back.
Arden had no idea where to start searching. Standing there, shoulder to shoulder with Sala, he was trying to work out what to do if he failed and proved unable to find Chandy but his brain was still too clouded with the cotton wool of the marijuana’s THC.
So, he pulled out his phone again, intent on sending another SMS to Chandy, but then, amazingly, he glanced back at the multitude and saw the deviant’s big head. It was bobbing above the crowd, that roiling school of baitfish, each member of which held the opinion that survival was best secured by swimming in the centre and not the perimeter of the pack, where the occasional blow from a policeman’s bamboo Lathi stick might find its painful mark.
Ishmail’s head seemed to cut through the shoal like the arrogant dorsal fin of a shark.
Upon sighting Ishmail, Arden felt as if a hand had been plunged into his abdomen and then, twisting, had grabbed hold of his breath. He struggled, un-breathing, toward the big, soft, repulsive man, but the eddying mass of people was too thick, and it clutched him, adhered to him. The crowd was a viscous glue.
It was as if no purpose to life existed for the tightly assembled number other than to await their esteemed stars whom they would worship - venerably - respectfully - fanatically - and they would slow, hinder or trample any Infidels who failed to share their pious obsession with the cinematically celestial.
Suddenly, as the crowd rolled an ocean-like wave upon itself, he caught one long glimpse of the oversized, shambling pervert before they swallowed him up, closing on his quarry like the sea’s uncaring tide.
Again, he realized, he was way too stoned for this kind of heroic exploit, while the people around him grew multi-colored auras and the sounds coming from their foaming mouths were seemingly sent via another transmitter, arriving in his brain some seconds after the vision already had.
He knew he had to clear his mind considerably, so he shook himself hard, trying to straighten up and trying to focus on where he had last seen that depraved, inhuman beast named Ishmail.
He was in luck: The big head reappeared but from Ishmail’s twisted facial appearance it was obvious to Arden he was bent upon rape, for his clenched expression and bittering eyes were set in a restricted, mechanical leer - he reminded the irrepressible film buff in Arden’s mind of an oft-cast Indian actor, famous for his scenery-chewing roles as a magnificently mustachioed uber-villain.
And then he realized the hashish was piling up on him again and he stifled a giggle but let out a smirk (piling up on him, piling up on Arden Pyle! Pile upon Pyle!).
He shook his head again, banished the silly and more nonsensical thoughts from his mind and resolutely forced himself to concentrate on the task at hand, that of catching up to Ishmail through this choked sick sea of humanity and releasing Chandy from his filthy hold.
Looking haggard, it appeared as if Ishmail was wired on speed or some other chemical stimulant for his jaws were grinding and blue of jowl. But in the instant in which Ishmail passed through that short-lived break in the crowd, as it breathed as one, metallic and remorseless, Arden also saw that in Ishmail’s giant paw was clutched hard the tiny, frightened hand of Chandy. He winced to see the searchlights arc in her doe eyes: They were white-wide and bulging. Her light brown face was a rictus of panic, mottled ugly with timor and terror.
He also saw Ishmail glance over his shoulder anxiously, as if the Goddess Durgar herself was chasing him, astride her rampant tiger perhaps, with a dagger in each of her eight hands and an army of needle-teethed rats serving at her heels.
So engrossed in securing his egress, Ishmail was entirely unaware of Arden, who was less than ten yards away. He just as ignorantly dispensed with Chandy’s gossamer butterflies as he unwittingly crushed them underfoot. A ray of yellow light reflected up from the shine of the rain slickened bitumen, outlining his green lozenge of a face in abnormal illumination, and he looked to Arden like a horned frog-demon, ruling over his own ghastly netherworld, striding through the gates of his own hellish kingdom. If only Arden had a Goddess like Durgar on his side, he thought, wistfully, crazily. And then Chandy’s terrified eyes met Arden’s and, like a lamb at the altar, she bleated out a wordless plea that melted his heart but kindled his fire.
Arden’s response to her cry was an automatic and bellowing command:
“STOP! CHILD MOLESTER! STOP HIM!”
He yelled these words several times over the heads of the throng, and Salahudden hesitantly joined Arden in the damning chorus, for they were good friends after all, the albino thought, and it’s not like this was a political rally where there was protocol and whatnot to be observed. But because of the heavy stone, Arden’s voice seemed out of sync with his lips, the way post-production editors slow down the action in a movie right before some tragic incident takes place: “ST-O-O-P!  CH-I-I-LD  M-O-O-L-E-S-T-E-E-R!  ST-O-O-P  H-I-I-M!”
Arden tried to calm himself, to think in complete sentences, to make cogent arguments, so that he might sway the crowd like a master orator brings a hostile audience over to his side. But all he could manage were the same impotent, sluggish words: “ST-O-O-P!  ST-O-O-P  H-I-I-M!” and they fell dully about his feet like clods of earth tossed into an open grave.
Had Arden chosen a different allegation to that of “Child molester” for his shouted accusations, he might have harnessed the pulsing heat of the crowd and gathered Ishmail unto its vigilante hold. But those few who actually heard his braying words, and saw the subject of his rage, would never have imagined Chandy to be a child. To them she was obviously a young, sexually mature woman.
In the States, certainly, the charge of pedophile might have turned the wave of a crowd against Ishmail, but in India, twelve year old brides were seen in wedding ceremonies every week, many with much older grooms, and most so-called arranged marriages were orchestrated by the parents with single-minded gusto. Nabokov’s Lolita was never banned in India.
It was certainly not deemed an immoral or illegal act and the perpetrators - if, indeed, that is the right word - were not demonized as they were in Arden’s home country. He would have fared much better had he hollered: “EVE TEASER!” for the clandestine groping of a lone woman in a pressing mass of men, such as onboard buses or trains, was much more commonly encountered.
Hence, its criminal status more eagerly acknowledged.
Hence its sleazy architect was more energetically hounded by the disquieted civilians around him.
Hence serious beatings accompanied the identification of an Eve teaser by his (secretly jealous) fellow male citizenry.
Nevertheless, Arden refused to surrender his idealistic American optimism and he struggled to make some headway through the accumulating sweat, vomit and excreta associated with the crowd’s extreme desire, towards where he had last seen Ishmail and Chandy. Surely the swarm of scuttling insects that called themselves humans would sense his panic, they would spot the degenerate in their midst and apprehend him, he thought. Or they would let Arden pass through to engage with the beast himself, hand to hand, man to monster. But no. Not a jot of difference did the cries of Salahudden and he make, until …
The crowd suddenly re-defined its disorganized jostling into an objective, a direction led surge, like an army of extras finally deciding to take notice of a Director crying “ACTION!”
They moved as one, and Arden’s hopes lifted, but then he realized that inexplicably, the crowd of people was moving towards Arden and not Ishmail. And that’s when Arden heard the gunfire and felt the shock waves of explosions as they erupted around him like concussive fountains.
In slow motion replay his mind could already see (as a Bollywood song from the giant speakers disintegrated and then fell silent) and feel the ground reverberating and shifting beneath his feet. It was as if they were being sucked down by the wet sand and lipping seaweed waters of the gentle Juhu beach and for a second he felt as if the oceans were reclaiming Mumbai, returning it to its authentic island status, and he felt some fleeting comfort, the way the heavy sucking sands can actually comfort one’s bare feet and ankles with saline caresses and the most placid of wavelets, massaging, reassuring the vulnerable, unprotected skin with all the sea’s skills in fake compassion.
But then there were the women screaming and fainting and the men crying and swearing all about him and the volatile noise split his consciousness with the thoroughness of an axe blow. Brain cleft in two. Logic gone one way, reason the other. Looking around him he was instantly shocked by the wet, spraying carnage and looking around him he wondered if he was now about to die and looking around him he was dismayed to realize Salahudden had already disappeared.
Now that was just like the self-interested coward he was, a stray thought spoke up in the micro-gap between seconds, and he cursed his friend’s name without discretion.
Or perhaps, as a professional gambler, Arden’s better side suggested, he had quickly calculated the odds of survival to be less than attractive and had sensed a better speculation on a different track. This justification was likely, he thought, in the subsequent long, incredibly drawn out period preceding his next breath. No, Arden couldn’t blame Sala for wanting to save his own skin. As much as he probably hated its uniquely blanched color, it was the only skin Salahudden had, and Arden exhaled, not wanting to ponder any more questions. But accompanying his following inhalation was an aluminum stink, a gun-barrel conflagration and, although his consciousness fought against it, he could not prevent them: More questions arose.
He wanted not to think.
But Arden was not yet free from cerebral concerns. For as the shouts and cries warning all that a terrorist attack was destroying Leopold’s Cafe and the nearby Oberoi Grand Hotel grew more numerous, his thoughts poked around the facts, exploring, seeking some crevices of meaning, yet hesitant lest they emerge too soon. Before a solution also presented itself, that is.
Searching, his mind tasted the air, which was rank, sulfurous, sickly sweet like over-ripe mortuary flowers, sour with the taste of funeral dust, and hence it cautiously produced his next solid thought.
And that thought of Arden’s was this: It must actually be happening. The revolutionary Avant garde arm of Islam was at last confronting the specter of its own impossibility in 21st Century Bollywood and, as with the Twin Towers in New York on the eleventh day of September on that memorial day, in that memorial year, the players in this deadly display were similarly finding the answer to their life’s riddle in devastating, impersonal slaughter. 
Mass murder as performance art ...
His mouth he wiped clear of the blue-green bile that had pooled there, bilious and fear-soaked. His backside, too, was soiled, but that could wait. His eyes he wiped clean of the grit and brimstone residue, and they looked about him, reluctant and understandably apprehensive.
He saw that the faces around him were no longer red with cinematic fervor but were instead red from hot, streaming blood. From some it sprayed in jugular bursts, and their lacerated bodies fell, jerking a death dance, gurgling a death song, as their credits rolled and rolled until that reaper grimly took the upper hand. And then He crowed, immodestly, punching the air with each mortal conquest.
The Mumbaiker’s dreams, wants and desires oxidized and departed. Knowledge, histories and irreplaceable memories dissipated and left. Souls jet-streamed out of nostrils, seeped from ear holes and other orifices, and they all evaporated and went wherever destiny had long before written for them to go, if that indeed was what one believed.
The Mumbai movie of their life had ended, the Bollywood curtain had come down on their own personal biopic and there was no say in the matter since the biggest of Big Shot Directors had swung the scythe. They were Junior Artists who had been cast in walk-on, fall-down roles without lines and no correspondence would be entered into. They acknowledged their binding contracts and went quietly.
Others objected to the parts they’d been allocated and crawled the ground, pleading for help, the life essence coursing from unseen wounds beneath scorched skin and clothing, before they too expired, and rejoined the cosmos with a noiseless infinity smack.
But what was it they were expiring from? Everyday blood loss from an everyday Indian terrorist attack? Or the trampling crush, the sad, unforgiving hopelessness of a pointless life in impoverished Mumbai, denying the sheer impossibility of achieving even one picture perfect Bollywood scene in their pitifully short lifetimes?
As he pondered, two severed guy-ropes whip-snapped, cutting down some of those still standing, dumb-struck, with frictioned slashes.
The steel cables missed him by inches, but others were not so fortunate: More blood pumped and more screams frittered away to nothing.
It was then that the dying, inconsequential background actors about him made Arden think, finally, that with all the inequity and mayhem in this city, what else was to be expected? This local apocalypse was part of the play script he might have unimaginatively entitled “Humanity in India”. The cast of the Pakistani Islamic extremist group that called themselves Lashkar-e-Taiba (later identified as the aggrieved party, the extremist Islamic antagonists to Bollywood’s Hindu protagonists) had studied their lines astutely and in the morally bankrupt dream factory that is Mumbai, with its spawn of morally bankrupt citizens like Ishmail and, yes, like Dickey, snout-full of cash and devoted to hedonism, well, what else was to be expected? Who could really blame the bullied but righteous, the belittled but proud, the blighted but resilient, who could blame these wild-eyed, down-trodden, urban terrorists of religion for lowering their virtuous sights and taking out a little extra, as they swarmed over SoBo like a plague of hungry insects?
Another explosion shook the air, and Arden felt his eardrums nearly collapse, perilously close to failure, and as he fell he saw a corpse, no more than ten feet away from him, undulate and wave in the aftershock. On its exposed body a flap of red skin loosed and flourished, looking like the animated dorsal fin of a large, stranded dolphin.
He regained his footing, which was quite difficult to do in the raining slip and swallow of bloody sub-continental soup, and he queried his luck in that he was so far uninjured. Arden then made a very important decision.
No longer holding out hope for the safety of an underage actress, nor caring about the pedophilia of a rich, ill mannered man in a country where his behavior was more the norm than a deviation, nor even wondering how to transcribe all he was seeing into the paper mill of his world-changing playwriting, Arden then decided to improvise an exit.
Thus, in the city famous for manufacturing Hindi language motion picture heroes, as fake and as far from the truth as ghosts or werewolves, via a process as distant as could be from Strasberg’s The Method, Arden sailed up and ran for the reality of his wife, his daughter and his very own life, the real action of his life. For the very first time in his short Bollywood career Arden ran in the opposite direction of the red carpet, the still sweeping searchlights and all the be-suited people of Bollywood influence and clout.
As cushioned by a drug-bubble as he was, and thus slightly separated from a world he suddenly knew he could no longer possibly love, Arden began to retrace his steps with a clarity of mind that surprised him, and he increased that separation as fast as he could. Meanwhile, cartridge shell explosions shock-waved the heavens no less exultantly than New Years Eve fireworks, and the troubled sky dilated above his fleeing figure.
He shouldered the movie jackals out of the way, not seeing their weapons or claws. Nor could he hear the frustrated howls of the hyenas he artfully sidestepped, over the blunt roaring noise in his head (which some overly poetic analysts might say is the sound human compassion makes before it flies over the cliff and onto the jagged rocks of an imagined and feared reality way, way below. Too much reality is not good for the health, they might just as likely say).
He ran against the bright river of dull souls as they fell, cascading into eternity, and he knew them for neither friend nor assailant, just no longer living things he must avoid becoming himself.
He ran past jelly-fish eyes as they clouded over with crimson and cerise. They begged him to make sense of it all, but their wet, weeping pleas were not comprehended.
He ran like a skittering antelope, this way and that. He even ran past Ajmal Amir Kasab (the ‘Baby-faced Butcher’ himself), without ever realizing how close he came to receiving his own infinity smack. He ran and left the fire and bleeding and despair of Mayanagri, the City of Illusions, in his frightened wake and trailed useless rooster feathers behind him as he did.
With his long, loping strides, the deadly, ubiquitous terror of India’s insane religiosity was soon left behind, and as Arden fled he kept a sob checked hard in his despairing heart as he thanked all the gods he didn’t believe in that his parents had raised him an atheist. No, Dr Arden Pyle was driven through with adrenaline and THC and didn’t really have all his wits together.
With monumental effort, though, he was soon in a taxi, panting at the exertion and passing through a police barricade at Chowpatty on Marine Drive, and then, finally, back in the re-assuring arms of his two seater in his suite at The Goodwin Arms, relieved that it was all far behind him.
But that fatal vortex of religious violence is never really left far behind anyone in India, where seemingly everybody is a Bollywood, Tollywood or Kollywood fan.
The song and dance dreams flashing and flickering up there on the silver screen are so much better than anyone’s real life, because real life in India means hating and dying and killing for your rotten, fermented faith. Memories of past religious bloodshed persist, kept intact through the generations, and adding to each side’s tally of hate-fueled grudges was every act of terrorism, assassination or atrocity committed by all sides ever since. Every religious devotee has had or will have blood on his hands that can never be washed off.
Except for the naked Sannyasi, of course. They didn’t take sides unless forced to and Arden was surprised the Holy Man was still there at his post outside The Arms, despite the late hour.
It was as if he had been patiently waiting for Arden to return.
Sitting cross-legged as usual, the Sannyasi studied Arden thoroughly (in the micro-second he needed to do so) when the terrified man climbed out of the taxi, breathless and beaten.
He nodded in sympathy for Arden’s trauma after witnessing such atrocities.
Then he nodded in agreement with Arden’s unspoken plan.
The Sannyasi never go to the movies, but for nearly all other Indians, every film they see, from matinee to double-feature, reinforces the desire of the ‘have-nots’ to destroy those prosperous people who are the ‘haves’.
The ‘haves’ are Infidels who practice a heathen religion and whose great, great, great uncle left our great, great, great grandfather to burn to death in a locked up, Go-down storage facility fire 134 years ago, and who cares if these Muslims or Hindus or Jews or Christians are your actual neighbors when you are eventually called upon to kill them in an honorable sacrifice to your community’s choice of god/s?
***
Once his nerves had sufficiently settled, Arden rang his wife Carol back in safe, suburban Los Angeles and instructed her to immediately cancel their air tickets. Naturally, she wanted to know why, as it would mean the forfeiture of money already paid as a deposit, and re-scheduling of her study plans, but he couldn’t tell her. Not yet.
Besides, she’d be reading all about it in the newspapers soon enough. With 166 people killed and more than 300 wounded, the international media were already calling the incident “India’s 9/11” (although “India’s 26/11” would have been a much more accurate epithet). The country’s elite anti-terrorist force, the National Security Guard, was instantly crowing about the success of their so-called Operation Black Tornado in ending the attack and within six weeks Dickey Kumar’s screenplay entitled Day of the Lashkar-e-Taiba Locust was being optioned by one of Bollywood’s leading producers for a six figure sum, in US dollars no less. What’s more, the highly regarded traditionalist Ram Gopal Verma and the ‘New Ideas’ man of the moment, Arjun Singh, were both being mentioned as likely Directors (this despite the fact that Dickey’s version of the incident features only five song and dance scenes).
A true Filmi Wallah never gives up.

BOLLYWOOD EXTRAS: A NOVEL FROM MUMBAI - THE END.


AUTHOR’S NOTE.
Just like Dr Arden Pyle, the fictional protagonist of Bollywood Extras, I was first introduced to the many wonders of India when visiting as a film studies student on a university-funded conference travel grant in 2008. A PhD candidate from Australia’s Queensland University of Technology, my short Bollywood adventure was also coming to an end when the timeline of Dr Pyle’s long-term project unhappily finished, triggered by an incident of religious terrorism so terrible, so egregious, so heinous the international media immediately began calling it ‘India’s 9/11’.
I had gone to India to present a conference paper on film studies in Delhi and, nearly three months later, another paper in Kolkata. The period between these intensely academic interactions was leisurely spent in Mumbai, where I gained unique experience working as an Extra (also known as a ‘Background Actor’) in seven Bollywood movies. Thus, one fine Sunday morn after a tiring week of shooting, I was leisurely sipping an over-priced café latte at the world-famous Leopold’s Cafe in the Southern suburbs, where the atmosphere was still quite ordinary. I was totally oblivious to the fact that three days later, Ajmal Amir Kasab (the ‘Baby-faced Butcher’) and his ‘Roid and Meth Raging’ buddies would storm the shores of South Mumbai and set about committing one of the most outrageous acts of deadly Islamic Jihad India has ever seen. The very stool I had been sitting on in Leopold’s Cafe was incinerated by one of their grenades. Hence, there are names mentioned in this novel which are no mere product of the writer’s imagination and the reader should be without doubt they are referring to actual people who lived and died and / or continue to live and die with the same non-fictional names. This author does not apologize for permitting the pertinent elements of reality to filter through into his fictional take on that November 2008 incident he came so close to being a victim of himself.
Such Islamic terrorists as Kasab are radical extremists, of course, but what’s really worrying to this author is that there’s no shortage of volunteers from their communities. One consequence of these suicide missions which possibly hurts the survivors most is that the perpetrators theoretically get what they want: ‘Glorious Martyrdom’, and not what they deserve: Their peer’s condemnation. The sole surviving terrorist from the 2008 attacks, Kasab himself, who effortlessly remains a Superhuman figure of Jihadist perfection according to some Islamic commentators, was executed - martyred - on 26 November 2012. But hero worship of religious mass murderers sickens me ....
Please note: I am an unapologetic rational humanist, an altruistic atheist, and most times almost a ‘sage’ of healthy skepticism, but I nevertheless believe people should have the freedom to believe in whatever religion, superstition or spiritual fantasy they choose, or have chosen for them (through the lottery of birth parents). Faith, it cannot be disputed, provides very real comfort to billions of people all around this big, crazy, impossible-to-understand world of ours. That’s how placebos work, I guess, by enabling us to believe we will survive and thrive. But I beseech thee, gentle reader: Please do not kill someone simply because they don’t share your particular religious beliefs, superstitions or fantasies.
On the other hand, decidedly imaginary characters with wholly imagined names dominate the narrative of Bollywood Extras. They are the wannabes, has-beens and side-liners of the Bollywood film industry: Notable personalities such as the Inherently Noble Arden, the Naive Nymphet Chandy, the Sickly Old Clown Mitra, the Excitable Albino Salahudden, the Mystery Girl Bonny, the Playboy slash Bollywood Big-shot Dickey, the Detestable but Wealthy Ishmail and several other characters of Bollywood Extras notoriety, never existed at all until invented in my own strangely satirical, vividly livid, overtly outraged mind.
Please also note: I have not attempted to write a work of erotica, as easy a task as that would have been, since the subject of sex seems to be on the mind of some of my characters almost all of their time. And, certainly, there are sufficient references to pedophilia for that to be deemed a theme of the novel by some readers. Regardless, I offer no defense for the loathsome criminal activity of pedophilia, which can be so crippling and traumatic an assault on the victim it virtually qualifies as an act of terrorism itself.
So, the reader is left to assume (correctly), that this ‘Author’s Note’ is simply a word of warning ... or a persistent but prudent whisper in the ear ... regarding the graphic - and yet hopefully tolerable - depictions of Mumbai’s social and sexual dysfunction that are about to come his or her happy way.
I guess my Author’s Note really should be at the start of this book …

ABOUT BRUNO STARRS.
Dr D. Bruno Starrs was born in Adelaide, Australia, in a year he cannot quite remember. He is single, child-less and hopelessly, irresponsibly and embarrassingly itinerant compared to most people his age. Despite a tendency to waffle on unintelligibly in tangential, obfuscating, pseudo-psychoanalytical dissertations about anything to do with film, media and/or popular culture, Dr Starrs has somehow managed to graduate from six Australian universities and his (possibly bribed-for) qualifications include two Masters degrees and a PhD. His hobbies include natural bodybuilding and fitness (he was four times a finalist in the Mr. Australia contest), traveling, cooking/eating good food and, yes, you guessed it: Writing!
Dr D. Bruno Starrs can be hard to physically locate at times. When not self-sequestered away in some wretched garret, filthy and unshaven (but ever so contentedly writing), Dr Starrs can usually be found teaching English literature and/or Media Studies at the more prestigious of Australian universities or teaching English as a Foreign Language somewhere in deepest, darkest and weirdest South-East Asia.

ALSO BY BRUNO STARRS …


I WOKE UP FEELING THAILAND
(Starrs Above Publishing via Smashwords.com, 2nd ed., 2012).
SYNOPSIS: A tale of cheap drugs, cheap sex and teaching English … On the cheap.
Thailand has many attractions. For Candy, straight from a Texas trailer park, it’s the cheap drugs. For Leo, a hip-hoppin’ California dude, it’s the cheap drugs and the cheap sex. For Bayard, a pompous graduate of Cambridge with a major in Inconsequential Semantics, it’s the opportunity to make a small fortune out of the English teaching industry ... On the cheap. But for all three, Thailand is where blue-eyed, blonde-haired Westerners such as they have been mysteriously disappearing recently ...
ISBN: 1st edition (paperback, 254 pp. Sid Harta Publishing, Hartwell, 2004) - 1877059773. 2nd edition (ebook, Starrs Above Publishing via Smashwords.com, 2012) - 9781301029778.
“A remarkable new talent. Starrs’ hilarious parody of Westerners adrift in small town Thailand is destined to become a backpacker’s favorite.” - Barry Scott, author of Love and Wigs: Poems of Bangkok, Bollywood and Beyond (Melbourne: Transit Lounge, 2003).
Available from:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/239199

***


THAT BLACKFELLA BLOODSUCKA DANCE!
(Starrs Above Publishing via Smashwords.com, 2012).
SYNOPSIS: Can a part-blood Aboriginal Aussie find peace as a full-blood vampire?
In this bold and bloody meditation on race and religion, middle-aged muscleman, uncertain Catholic and wannabe academic Sterling de Bortoli is a self-described ‘Octaroon’: a one eighth Aboriginal Australian. Neither black nor white this part-blood Blackfella struggles with concepts of identity, moving between the two worlds but not really belonging to either. Thus, he pursues a frustrated, anarchic, homeless existence in Canberra and Melbourne, until, through the influence of the Anti-Christ, his Dark Lord Maria, he travels from Australia to Islamic Morocco. It is a land completely foreign to his Dreamtime totem of Garrawi, the Sulfur Crested White Cockatoo, and it’s where de Bortoli learns to be a full-blood vampire ... A monster who never says sorry.
Also contains more than thirty original illustrations by the author. ISBN: 9781301048984.
“That Blackfella Bloodsucka Dance! is a deeply self-reflective work of humour for the discerning reader interested in issues of Aboriginal self-identity” - Jens Korff, Creative Spirits (online), December 2011.
Available from:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/243528

***


THE ROARING OF THE BULLS
(Starrs Above Publishing via Smashwords.com, 2017).
SYNOPSIS: Second class citizens in their own land, four Aboriginal Australians take a booze and Yarndi-fueled road trip from Sydney to Canberra in 1972. Their seemingly hopeless goal? To establish an Aboriginal Tent Embassy directly opposite Australia’s Parliament House.
Available from smashwords.com

###
