Brawl Institution
King Bicy
Copyright 2021 King Bicy
Smashwords Edition

Table of Contents
Title Page
Copyright Page
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39

Chapter 1
Anthony’s Institute
A straight jab and an uppercut put me on my back. The crowd cheered as a muscular, red-haired teenager stood over me. 
“Aw, man. It took me a lot to get here, so I won’t just give up.”
What even caused me to come down this path? Oh, yeah, ‘cause I wanted to! Ever since I saw my first fight, I’ve been preparing myself. I know I’m still a stranger to you, so let me declare who I am.
I’m Anthony Beckons Jr., and people usually call me Ant, Beck, or A.B.J. as a joke. I go to the average high school Blackwell Academy where the fun happens, but don’t get me wrong. I only like school for one reason, and that’s the brawls. Brawls are a part of the Brawl Institution, and they aren’t exactly praised. 
Unlike boxing and MMA, there were no rules in a brawl. At first, they were known as underground fights - even though they weren’t under ground - where people kept record of each fight and would have their own tournaments. It eventually got super dangerous without regulations until the government noticed and stepped in.
See, the reason they did it was because street fighting got out of hand. Whether it was for a reason, no reason or just anger, people kept fighting each other and attracting crowds since people love fights. 
“Because of the increasing number of underground fights, anyone caught participating will be seriously punished. However, if it’s an official fight under the Brawl Institution, there will be no consequences. Please understand that this is for your safety. People have been fighting and injuring each other for pitiful reasons for far too long,” President Zachary announced on television.
Under the Brawl Institution, fighters needed a referee and a crowd to watch them. Also, instead of no rules, the only rule added was the restriction of blood. Basically, as soon as blood is seen, the match is over and the bloodless is the winner. Of course, someone can give up or the just tire the other person out. After the announcement, the Brawl Institution blew up. Kids, teens, and adults took part in it. It was so big that governors made leaderboards for each state and each age. 
Me? I wasn’t in yet, but it was only a matter of time. Speaking of me, I guess I should describe myself a bit. I have untidy brown hair since I don’t care about taking care of it, matching eyes, and a pretty average body build. I never lifted, but no one ever really commented on my body. Currently, I was wearing my school’s uniform, a white button down with khaki pants and a belt as I stepped onto the frosty school grounds. The snow crunched under my feet along with the other students.
“I wonder if there will be any fights today,” I thought.
Once I made it through the snow and the school’s auto doors, I encountered a familiar face.
“Hello, Anthony. How’s it going?” the cat-faced teen greeted.
“Yo, Knox. What are you doing in the lobby?”
“Oh, you know me. I’m always looking for new talent. Also, I have to talk to the counselor, Mrs. Brims, about the leaderboard.”
“Oh, yeah. You have to go through her for ranked matches and registration. Did you already find another fighter to represent since you’re a manager and all?”
“Oh, no. It’s about a small situation with an existing fighter. I have to do everything for my kids, you know?”
“That’s a weird way to phrase it, but okay. I’ll see you later.”
“Oh, by the way, Anthony. I want to talk to you later, so how about we meet in the cafeteria during lunch for a surprise?”
As Knox asked me, he showed his trademarked sneaky expression like a villain would in an anime. Villain or not though, I couldn’t say no to Knox.
“Sure, I’ll see you then.”
So, I continued into the halls after accepting Knox’s request. I strolled through the tiled halls with my fellow students until reaching my locker. Unfortunately, someone else found their way to me, and they didn’t have the same friendly feeling as Knox.
“Heeyy, Beck!!”
A loud girl shoved me forward, slamming my forehead into the hard locker metal.
“What the hell?!!” I growled as I spun.
“It’s another beautiful winter day, Beck. You should warm me up with your jacket,” the short girl said.
“Go away, Celia. I don’t want to deal with you right now.”
The one person who annoys me every day, Celia Monroe or Cecelia Monroe. She usually wears her short, bouncy black hair down with her school uniform, a white button up with red tie and khaki skirt. 
She’s pretty popular, but I don’t care. She annoys me every day by doing something new, and I can never predict it, so I just keep my distance.
“Don’t be like that, ol’ buddy ol’ Beck. You know you’re my best friend.”
I closed my locker and walked away from the girl with binders in hand.
“Okay, I’m sorry that I pushed you into your locker. I need to get your attention somehow.”
I continued to ignore her but came to a stop when she got in front of me. We stared into each other’s eyes for a second before someone called out her nickname ‘Cece’.
“I’ll be back, Beck. You haven’t seen the last of me.”
Celia gave out a corny villainous laugh as she sauntered off with her friend. Luckily, I didn’t have any classes with her, so I didn’t have to deal with her except for in the morning.
“At least something good’s happening with Knox,” I thought.
Now, my first class, Algebra, went by in a flash. I usually like Algebra, but I just felt like sleeping that day. I’m your average A/B honor roll student, but I’m never striving for all A’s. It takes too much work and plus there are so many A students that they didn’t need me. 
Second class, American government, was boring as usual, but I pushed my way through it. Now, third block, Biology, is where it got interesting. Biology was the class I had with Knox and the fighter Bruce.
Bruce was a big lug who loved to brawl. He even made it to the top 50 in the state, out of teens that is. Top 50 isn’t anything to me, but I’ve never fought once in my life, so what do I know. Bruce the lug always shaved his brown hair and always showed off his big muscles with short sleeve shirts.
The lug sat two seats behind me while Knox was on the other side of the class. Everything was normal until I bumped into Bruce during a group project, bringing attention to myself.
“Ho ho no. ABJ, what is it?” 
Bruce towered over me as he looked down.
“It was just a bump, Bruce. My bad.”
It was just a bump and Bruce wasn’t that much of a bully, so you would think that was that. Unfortunately, today was the one day that Bruce would act like a huge dick.
“Oh, ABJ. You want to take a shot, huh? It would be a pleasure to fight someone like me.”
“No, I’m fine, Bruce. I have work to do.”
I turned back to my group, but that prick spun me back around with one forceful grab of my shoulder.
“Come on. Why not take a shot? It’s not like it’ll hurt anyways.”
“I said I’m good. I’m busy at the moment.”
I took my eyes off of the brute for a second and spotted Knox watching the conflict go down. Then, I turned back around to my group. This time, when Bruce touched my shoulder, I spun myself around, placed both of my palms on the teen’s stomach, and shoved with my might.
What surprised everyone was that I forced Bruce back into the desks. The boy kept his stance and smiled as he looked at me. Just like the usual spectator, no one even tried to stop the fight. I wasn’t any different though.
“Ho ho. ABJ actually has some fight. I would challenge you, but you’re not even a part of the program. You’re lucky.”
Bruce threw an open palm at me, but before I could react our teacher popped up in between us, stopping Bruce’s palm.
“That’s enough, Bruce. Don’t be a dick today,” he said.
The brute grumbled as he separated from me. At the same time, the bell rang, signaling the start of lunch.
“You alright, Anthony?” Mr. Jones asked, his short, graying hair and beard as combed as ever.
“Yeah, I’m good. Thank you.”
While Mr. Jones sauntered back to his desk and everyone left for lunch, Knox approached me as I got my stuff.
“I guess it’s time for the meeting,” I said while facing Knox.
“It is. I know I said in the cafeteria, but I can’t help myself after seeing what just happened. Anthony Beckons, I would like to represent you.”
Chapter 2
Anthony vs Bruce
“W-What?” I asked, completely shocked.
I didn’t think Knox would ever say those words to me. It felt like my crush confessed to me.
“I said I want to represent you. How would you like to be a part of the Brawl Institution? You’ve been telling me how you wanted to be a part of it, so I’m asking you now.”
“So, you were talking --”
“To Mrs. Brims about about registering you. All I need is your confirmation.”
“Hell yes! I want in,” I replied without a second thought.
“Great. Then how about you take on Bruce?”
I couldn’t tell what Knox was thinking as I looked into his fierce eyes. Whether I knew I could win or not, I replied just as quickly.
“I’ll do it.”
“Amazing. I’ll arrange the fight then. It’s a pleasure to be your manager, Anthony.”
Knox held his hand out so I shook it.
“I’m glad to have a great manager.”
Then, he left the room with his usual smile.
“Congrats, Anthony. From your show of power earlier, I think you’ll be fine in a fight,” Mr. Jones complimented.
“Thank you, Mr. Jones. I’ll do my best.”
After getting my stuff, I headed to the cafeteria. Instead of getting a full lunch though, I only grabbed a honey ham sandwich and sat at a table by the wall. However, I couldn’t enjoy the last bite of the sandwich since Bruce slammed his fist onto my table.
“I guess you do get the pleasure of fighting me. This should be fun.”
“Whoa, whoa. Is it a fight?” a staff member said.
“It’s an official brawl,” Bruce grinned.
“Then let’s get set up.”
The staff and Mr. Jones set up a special velvet rope where we would be fighting next to the main hall.. In response, a crowd formed and placed bets, some with real money while others wagered favors.
While Bruce and I stood in the center, I noticed Knox at my table, sitting there with complete confidence I could win. Oh, man. My first fight ever. I was shaking a little, but I was ready for it. Even if it was someone in the top 50, I knew I wouldn’t go down in one hit.
“Oh, man. Beck’s fighting? Put all your bets on him,” Celia said when she reached the crowd. Unfortunately, we had the same lunch. 
I then clenched my fists to prepare myself.
“Bruce, are you ready?” Mr. Jones asked, acting as the referee.
“Hell yeah.”
“Anthony?”
“Without a doubt.”
I’ve seen some of Bruce’s fights before. He usually started with a right hook and then went into a flurry. He’s more muscular so he always relied on his strength, so I just had to avoid his punches.
“Then begin!”
Just as I called, Bruce stepped towards me and threw a right hook. So, I ducked and got ready for the barrage. Instead, the burly bully threw a kick. Adapting on the fly, I blocked, but sent went sliding to the rope.
“You can do it, Beck! You’re my boy toy so you can’t lose!” Celia cheered.
Right after, Bruce began his barrage. He may have strength, but he didn’t have the speed, so I dodged his attacks. Once his left fist flew, I threw my right and impacted Bruce’s ribs. It felt like hitting a steak, but he didn’t move.
“Too weak!”
Unfortunately, Bruce got hold of my wrist, pulled me forward, and slammed his fist onto my head, knocking me to the floor.
“Oooooooh,” the crowd said.
“Get up, ABJ. You were talking all that trash earlier.”
No, I really wasn’t. 
I pushed myself up and let out a chuckle as I did.
“Bruce, you’re going to lose your rank.”
As I thought, that set him off. The boy threw a punch as soon as I reached my feet. So, I crouched, snuck closer, and sent an uppercut into his jaw. Since the attack stunned him and the crowd, I shoved him back with my palms.
“Holy hell,” someone commented.
“That’s my boy! Beat him down!” Celia continued to cheer.
“Ah, damn it! When did you get so strong?” Bruce questioned while rubbing his jaw.
“I’ve been waiting to fight, so I trained. I didn’t lift weights like you did, but I’m not weak. Maybe you shouldn’t have been a dick earlier.”
I gave a quick look over at Knox, and he didn’t take his eyes off the my fight.
“It doesn’t matter how you trained. I won’t lose my rank to some beginner trash,” Bruce said.
“Then stop me already.”
Like a bull, Bruce came charging at me. However, as I waited for him, my head started to hurt, and I got a little dizzy.
“That slamming earlier must be catching up,” I thought.
Before I knew it, Bruce’s right hook connected with my face, causing the crowd to wince. Then, he followed up with a jab and uppercut, putting me on my back.
“Anthony, you still conscious?” Mr. Jones called out.
“Y-Yeah, I’m fine.”
As I slowly got up, Bruce’s knee sped towards me, but I ducked it last second. Luckily, the brute put all of his momentum and force into the knee, putting him back to me. So, with a quick thought in my head, I got up and grabbed him from behind, wrapping my arms around his stomach.
“You tryin’ to lift me? You must be way too cocky,” Bruce said.
The boy tried to elbow me, but his muscles wouldn’t let him since I was in the perfect spot. Then, with all of my strength, I tried lifting the bull. For a second, it went just like Bruce and everyone else thought. I couldn’t do it.
But then, Bruce’s feet left the ground. I pushed my body to the limit as I carried the man and went for a German suplex. Just like my training, I was covered in sweat, and my muscles burned, but I did it. Bruce’s head slammed into the tiled floor, silencing the crowd. I stood a second later while Mr. Jones checked on him.
“It looks like Bruce can’t fight anymore. That means Anthony wins by knockout,” Mr. Jones announced.
Chapter 3
Conga line
The crowd was silent at first from shock, but everyone eventually clapped and cheered. I could see why people saw top 50 as a big deal for a high schooler, but an unranked fighter llke me just beat him.
“Since he won as an unranked fighter, Anthony now shares the 50th spot with Bruce,” Mr. Jones added.
“Whooooo! That’s my best friend!” Celia cheered.
Once the rope cleared, I made my way to Know with Celia taking a free ride on my back.
“How was your first fight? It seemed to go well,” Knox said.
“It was the greatest moment of my life.” I sat on the opposite side of Knox, so Celia took the seat next to me. 
“I didn’t know you actually trained so that surprised me. Because of that, I was a little nervous about the fight,” Knox admitted.
“I can’t say that it was just training. Observing people has its benefits.”
After saying that, everything became blurry, and my head started spinning.
“What… the hell?”
“It must have been that hit you took from Bruce. That was a lot for a first timer. We should get you to the nurse.”
Knox stood and so did Celia.
“Well, see you later, Beck the brute.”
Just like I thought, the girl left Knox to help me so she wouldn’t have to.
“She’s a great friend,” Knox said sarcastically but you could barely tell from his face.
“Whenever I need help, she runs off with an excuse. When she needs help, she expects me to help with no questions asked,” I informed.
“Well, you have a new guardian to protect you. Let’s get going.”
The nurse wasn’t far from the cafeteria and school entrance. After the nurse took me in, I was out for a while. When I came to, the bright day turned into cloudy afternoon, signaling the end of school. Of course, the nurse stayed, but the other students probably left if they didn’t have a club. 
“Oh, man. That hit really rocked me.”
“It’s good that you’re awake, but you missed the rest of school, even though it was just one class,” the nurse said.
Now, the nurse. Remember when I said that Knox’s statement was like your crush confessing to you? Well, just like most boys at Blackwell, Ms. Davis was my crush. I hadn’t had a crush, of any age, in so long. I hope that she’ll watch one of my fights in the future.
I especially loved black hair that was always tied in a bun, the pink sweater she wore to school every day, and the way her red eyes looked at me.
“I’m actually surprised, Anton. I didn’t think you would be fighting.”
She even had a special nickname for me, which was unique to only me as far as I knew.
“You missed my first fight. I’m a part of the program now.”
“Well then, I’ll have to catch you fighting at another time. Your pain should be one by now. Knox told me you took a heavy hit, but it shouldn’t have caused a concussion or anything.”
“That’s good news. Thank you, Ms. Davis.”
I hopped off the bed and stretched a little, testing my head.
“You should be more careful out there. You’ll get in trouble if you get too hurt. Then I’ll lose my favorite patient.”
Once those words escaped her lips, my legs grew weak, making me fall back onto the bed. So, Ms. Davis wrapped her arms around me and pulled me close.
“Oh, no. Do you still feel weak?”
“N-No, I’m fine. I should be heading home now… really,” I said, holding back my urge to stay even longer.
The nurse let me go, so I headed out. I grabbed my stuff before leaving, which Mr. Jones had brought to the nurse’s for me. Leaving my crush behind, I exited the school and strolled through the snowy fields. That day was the best day ever, but it only got better. I had to keep training and show everyone my strength. My journey was just beginning.
－－－－－
Friday, I headed to school when I unintentionally met up with Knox on the way.
“Anthony, I know you’re ready for another fun snow day,” Knox said.
“You bet I am. All this snow is making me want to play in it.”
“Maybe you’ll get to have a fight outside. Speaking of fights, are you ready for another showdown? I won’t even have to look for them since people will come on their own. You beat Bruce as an unranked fighter, so challengers may underestimate both of you.”
“I’ll be ready, but I want to say thanks for representing me, Knox. I won’t disgrace you.”
“Don’t be so formal, Mr. Beckons. We’re fellow classmen, you and I.”
“I actually wonder who’ll step up to the plate. I can’t wait.” Right as we reached the school, a thought popped up into my head. “Actually, Knox, how many people do you manage right now?”
It took Knox a second to reply for some reason.
“I actually gave away all of my fighters.”
“What?! Why?”
“I wanted to start fresh once I chose you. I wanted try managing a friend for once. Plus, my clients weren’t really entertaining. They all were too straightforward, either fighting with their muscles or overthinking things. You seem to do both while making it simple.”
“It was pretty easy fighting a brute like Bruce. It’s going to be difficult if I fight someone like me.”
Knox followed me to my locker, and he was like a good luck charm. Celia tried to do the same thing as yesterday, but the annoying girl slapped my locker instead of my head.
“Oww! Why would you move?”
“Stop being around me. I’m getting tired of seeing you,” I bluntly said.
“Don’t say that, Beck. You’re going to make me cry.” Instead of caring, I turned away and walked off with Knox.
“Don’t be like that! My boy toy needs to like me!!”
At that point, Celia jumped onto my back and clung to me.
“God damn it. Get the hell off!”
Before I knew it, I was pushed away from Knox.
“You’re the most irritating person I ever met. Let me the hell go!”
I planted my feet and shoved Celia off.
“I’m just trying to make you relaxed. Why don’t you ever accept my help?”
“I don’t want your damn help. Go find a new toy because I’m done.”
With that said, I stormed off. Now, you may be thinking why am I so mean to her? I like to have fun, but she’s been annoying since the day we met in middle school. There’s always that one friend who takes the jokes too far and annoys everyone. It’s not like we’ve actually been friends though. Celia’s always used me as her toy, and I’m sick of it. I’m done with her. 
Luckily, my anger turned into joy when someone challenged me before first class. His name was Chance Kennedy. He was little taller than me with an average skinny body and red shaggy hair. His rank was 75, but compared to Bruce it should be easier, right?
“Me and you, after third period. I may not be in the top 50, but I know I can handle someone like you.”
“That’s all,” I relayed to Knox while in the cafeteria.
“Hmmm, not everyone is a genius, but he may have a sure fire way to take you down. If he did though, then he should be higher than 75,” Knox analyzed. “Either that or he’s just confident.”
“That’s why I stay on toes, ready for anything. I can’t lose to anyone lower rank than me, right?”
“I’m glad you have a head on your shoulders. Your fight will be soon, so have you seen him fight at all?”
“I’ve actually never seen him fight. He was supposed to fight Chris Manson, but Chris never showed, making Chance win by forfeit. I have no idea how he fights.”
“Man. Then it’s a blank slate. You’re going to have to adapt in this one.”
“Whatever he has planned, I’ll be ready for it.”
At that moment, lunch ended, but I couldn’t just leave, could I? Right as I stood, I was shoved towards Knox. He sidestepped me, so someone else caught me. Unfortunately, they continued shoving me until a damn flow started! 
Multiple people, boy and girl, moved me, and I couldn’t find the balance to do anything.
“What the hell?!” 
I tried to hit someone but missed. The conga line led upstairs and finally ended when I was shoved out of the building. What really pissed me off about it all was Celia’s smiling face and wave right before the door closed. Now, I was locked outside on the second story roof, in the cold, “coincidentally” right before my fight got started.
Chapter 4
Anthony vs Chance
“Celia, you bitch!” I yelled at the top of my lungs.
Damn it! Why?! This level of annoyance is way past her usual act. Did she do this because of earlier or for Chance? Either way, I had to go. The best way to do that was jump off the roof and that’s what I did. It wasn’t that far of a drop, only a couple of feet, so I jumped into a pile of snow.
It didn’t hurt, but it was freezing. However, that didn’t stop me from getting up and running into the school.
“What the…” the receptionist muttered as I ran past her.
“There’s no way she did that just to annoy me. Chance must have offered her something good for her help since I’ve never seen her help anyone else,” I thought as I ran.
Unfortunately, someone else blocked my way. A guy as big as Bruce stood in the hall.
“Can you move your dumb ass out of the way?” I asked politely.
“No can do. Celia said she’ll give me a special reward if I stop you.”
“So are we going to fight?”
“Nope. I’m bigger than you, so I just have to block your way.”
By the way, fights have to be a mutual thing or else it’s illegal, for anyone wondering.
“God damn it. I don’t have anything to get past him. I’ll just have to make do.”
“No matter what you do, you won’t pass me.”
Trying to make a plan, I turned my back to the goalie and pulled out a couple of pencils from my pocket.
“Whatcha got there?” the boy asked.
“None of your business.”
At that point, I had an idea. I began to move towards the guard as I messed with the pencils. He got more and more curious even when I was right in front of him. Finally, I tossed the pencils into the air, creating a distraction. While the guard turned every bit of his attention to the dumb distraction, I ran past him. He didn’t even notice until the tools hit the floor, so it must have felt like magic to him.
“Hey!” I heard as I ran into the cafeteria.
I could see the crowd so I came to a skidding stop. Everyone, including Knox and the asshats who planned this, looked at me.
“I’m here, and I’m ready to go,” I said. 
So, what I didn’t see go down was that Chance and Celia were talking and Chance passed Celia something, Knox informed me.
“Chance was just about to win by default. Come on then,” the referee said.
“Thanks, Knox. I’ll do something about her later.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll do it during the fight.”
Usually, Knox was a little laid back and nice, but now he had a fierce look to him. Letting him handle it, I stepped into the circle.
“I didn’t think you had the guts to make it. I hope you’re ready,” Chance said.
“You know what you did, you bastard. I’ll beat you down and make you recognize your place.”
“Whenever you’re ready, begin,” the referee announced.
The crowd let loose their cheers.
“Show this newb the ropes,” one person said, assuming that meant me.
“Beat this cheat, Anthony,” Chris Manson cheered.
Starting the fight, Chance approached me and threw a straight left. I easily dodged, but I couldn’t strike yet. My body was still a little freezing, so I waited until thawing out. Chance then immediately came around with a hook, but I avoided it. For some reason, when his fist breezed past me, it had a different feeling from Bruce’s. It felt like had something planned.
The fight went on like that until Chance’s fist stopped an inch away from my face. That’s when I noticed something but couldn’t get a good look since cold air blasted me in the face. In response, I closed my eyes and stumbled back. That only let Chance give me a two piece punch combo before slamming me onto my back. The crowd cheered as he stood over me
Some fight, huh? I never thought someone would make their own weapon for the Brawl Institution. Even still, I couldn’t back down yet, not after he tried to cheat.
While I pushed myself up, Chance held out his hand, aiming his device. Right when I got into a crouched position, Chance shot the cool air. It won’t work a second time though, so I quickly shoved myself to the right. To keep him from doing anything, I clutched his wrist and tightened my grip.
“You won’t be able to break flexible tube with strength. Try thinking a little,” Chance taunted.
“I’m not dumb like you.” The boy threw his other fist, but I dodged and grabbed his second wrist, crossing his arms. “I’m actually smart when it comes to adapting.”
I impacted Chance’s ribs with a kick. Instead of letting him go, I pulled my foe forward and prepared another attack. However, it was stopped when Chance threw his foot. I didn’t want to take the hit, so I released him and leapt back. When I did, I looked around for Knox, but he was gone and so was Celia.
So, Chance took the opening he thought he had. Once he thrust his palm at me, I flung my fist with all my speed and might. Chance was faster than Bruce but not faster than me apparently. My fist breezed past his arm and struck his face. Unfortunately, I did leave an opening. His freeze attack hit me right in the face, so we were about even. To my luck though, my punch made Chance’s nose bleed.
“That’s it! Stop the fight! Anthony wins by first blood. That means he keeps his rank,” the ref announced.
The crowd cheered for me while my opponent held his nose
“You won’t get away with this. I’ll be back to take your rank,” he said like a cartoon villain as he ran away.
“Man, a second rival. I kind of wish I got to see his gadget,” I said to myself.
Once the crowd dispersed, I spotted Knox making his way to me. It was then that my manager described every detail of what happened during my fight.
“Follow me, little kitty. Let’s talk.” Knox lured Celia into the main hall.
“I don’t really know you, but you’re Anthony’s manager. I don’t want to talk about him, so I hope you have something else planned.”
Once she was done talking, the light and flighty air shifted to dark and dangerous, making Celia get serious.
“Celia Monroe, or Cece, I advise you to stay away from Anthony and not become a hindrance to his new career. If you perform another stunt like your last, I will sadly have to take action. Is that clear?”
The entire time, Knox kept his sinister smile, but his normal, nice aura completely changed.
“If someone else pays me, then I will be a problem. If not, you won’t have to worry about me. For now, I’ll keep Anthony as my boy toy until I get tired of him, and go tell him if you want. He should know how our relationship works.”
From there, Celia got away from the dangerous aura by walking away but not to the fight.
“I hate her so much. I swear I’ll hit her next time she appears,” I said.
“Well, putting your one hater aside, congrats on the win. Your rank won’t move yet, but it’s always nice to just win.”
“Thanks. I got to see how he fights, but his trick did hit me twice.”
“That just means you can improve further. By the way, tomorrow’s Saturday. How about the two of us meet up tomorrow, at three in front of the community gate? It’ll be like a date.”
“Like a date, eh? Alright, I’ll meet you tomorrow.”
Actually, that was my chance to get to know more about Knox. Before becoming my manager, we only talked occasionally in middle school. Knox has always been a mystery, and now I can finally solve it.
Chapter 5
Saturday Date
Our last class went by quickly, so Knox and I made our way to the exit. What was weird though was that Celia and I walked past each other, and she didn’t annoy me! She saw me and I saw her, but she just kept walking. Knox really was my good luck charm.
Before exiting the school, my charm and I made a stop at the nurse’s office, where Ms. Davis and Mr. Jones were having a drink.
“Hot cocoa, hmm? At least you two aren’t breaking rules,” Knox commented.
“Shouldn’t you two be gone by now?” Mr. Jones asked.
“I knew you would be here, but I also wanted to see Ms. Davis. Thank you for dropping off my stuff yesterday,” I said as I bowed.
It was a weird habit, but whenever I said ‘thank you’ or ‘sorry’, I would bow. Maybe it was from watching too much anime.
“It was no problem. I’m not too old to carry books.” Mr. Jones sipped on his cocoa.
“But you need to watch yourself. You’re not as young as me,” Ms. Davis pointed out. 
“Come on. Why did you have to bring that up?”
“Well, I see that you two are fine, so we’ll be on our way,” I said.
“Enjoy your weekend,” Ms. Davis said.
“Before the new rascals show up,” Mr. Jones added.
“Rascals?” I stopped with the door half closed.
“It was suppose to be a surprise, but I’ll tell you two. Next week, the school is expected to be receiving five new transfer students, one for each week day. One is a student from Corbin High, our rival, and the rest are from around the country. They were scouted because of their grades, but some of their ranks should make you wary.”
“Who’s coming from Corbin High?” I questioned.
“Riley Styles,” Knox answered instead of Mr. Jones.
“Yeah, I’m gonna need more info than that.”
“She’s third overall on the state leaderboard.”
Knox’s sentence left me flabbergasted. I couldn’t believe it.
“Third?! How does a high school student reach third?”
“She’s a prodigy in fighting and in her studies. It makes me wonder why isn’t she in a prestigious private school,” Mr. Jones said.
“Well, thanks for the info, Mr. Jones. We’ll see you two Monday.”
The adults waved as we left.
“So you already knew like always,” I said as Knox and I walked on the snow.
“My ears find information wherever it is. Peoples’ secrets will be known.”
“Oh, man. A top fighter is coming. I wonder how she made it that far.”
“Why don’t we ask her when she gets here? I’m curious myself.”
After Knox and I split up, the thought of Riley motivated me, so I trained the rest of the night. My usual routine was twenty push-ups, twenty sit-ups, one minute of planking, one minute V-ups, and jogging around my block, just in case you wanted to know.
－－－－－
Saturday, I woke up pretty early to a freezing house.
“Holy shit. It feels good in here.” I jumped out of bed and danced a little on the carpet floor. Even though I slept in my pajama pants, I still loved the cold.
“Good morning, dad,” I greeted after stepping into the hallway.
“Good morning, son.”
My dad, Anthony Beckons sr., typed away on his new computer which was in the hallway. My dad was pretty much a nerd unlike me. While he did great in school, I was only doing about average. One thing I did get from him though was his observation skills.
My dad had scraggly short hair like me but it was black. His four eyes were always glued to his work trying to do his best.
“You love writing, don’t you?” I said.
“Of course. I am an author,” he said, typing away at his new book.
At that moment, my nose wiggled, smelling one of the best smells on Earth. While my dad typed away, I hurried downstairs. After jumping from the carpet stairs to the clean wood tiles, I saw my mom, Addison Beckons, dancing in the kitchen as she cooked.
“Good morning, breakfast,” I drooled.
“Well, I guess you won’t get any,” my mom cruelly said.
“And good morning, mother. You didn’t let me finish.”
“Yeah, sure.” My mom joyfully hummed as she continued to move.
“This is the happiest Saturday you’ve ever had.”
“It is. My boss gave me a raise, your father and I have a date tonight, and I didn’t mess anything up this week.”
Now, my mom wasn’t a klutz, but occasionally she’d get lost in thought, forget what she was doing, and probably ended up breaking something. I’m just glad it never happened while she was cooking.
“Great for you. I hope stuff like that keeps happening,” I said.
Compared to my dad, my mom wasn’t that smart. She was average just like me and also a tomboy. The two were at least a little similar since my dad did everything from staying home alone to playing sports with friends.
I got my brown hair and eyes from her but not her style, which was usually a T with black pants.
Once she finished cooking, I chomped down on the breakfast stuffin and the sausage.
“Alright, then. I’m heading off to work.”
“Wait,” I said with food in my mouth. “Can you drop me off at the gate?”
“Why didn’t you ask earlier? Hurry up and go change.”
I threw the rest into my mouth and ran upstairs. After putting on my black and white with a blue jacket, I drove off with my mom. We didn’t live right next to the community gate, so it took us some minutes. Luckily, my mom’s job was out of the community, so I wasn’t really a hassle. After the minutes passed, I spotted Knox at the gate, smiling as usual.
“Have fun on your date,” my mom joked before driving off.
“Your mom’s adorable,” Knox commented.
“Yeah, yeah. Don’t try to become my new dad.”
That was actually the first time I saw Knox outside of school. Every other time was when we walked home together. The first thing I noticed was the green scarf that went with his hair.
“So, what did you have planned?” I questioned.
“I thought we could just walk around, talk, and do whatever seems interesting.”
“You’re more free than I thought, and here I thought you planned everything.”
“I have layers, Anthony. Can you discover all of them?” Knox snickered as we began our walk.
After walking a couple of feet, the two of us turned our attentions to the left where Corbin High was.
“Our rival will be losing a powerful fighter in two days,” Knox said.
“I’m a little excited. I can’t wait to see how see fights.”
“Will you go for her rank?”
“No, not yet. I want to build up and get stronger.”
After staring at the big brown school, we continued on. Knox and I didn’t really start talking about anything until we stepped into a heated clothing store called Country Trends.
“So, you like clothes,” I said.
“I was just following your lead. While we’re here, we might as well look around.”
I didn’t lead us there, so it seemed like it was very random. Either way, we headed deeper into the store. After a while, it got too hot, so we took off our jackets.
“You didn’t really answer. Are you a fashionista?” I asked.
“Kind of. I mainly like anything in green. If it’s green, I’ll wear it.”
That made sense. He always wore that green sweater at school, and now he had a green scarf. He must have died his hair too.
“I’m guessing you’re not into clothes,” he said.
“Not really. I don’t care as long as they do their job.”
“Oh, you might like this.”
Knox held up a red turtleneck with phrase “What’s up” on the front.
“Naw, I’m not trying anything on. It looks okay though.”
While Knox put the shirt back, a question came to me.
“What made you choose me, Knox? I wasn’t even planning on registering until January.”
“Well, you did mention that you wanted to be a part of the system, so I began to observe you.”
I never noticed it, but it seemed like Knox watched me while I watched other fights in the past.
“You seemed special since you actually took note of the fighters while others acted like complete rookies. Also, there was one moment that really sold it for me.”
We both went back to the beginning of our sophomore year, our current grade level, when Knox and I were walking to school together.
“You look a little bigger, Anthony. Have you been working out?” Knox questioned.
“Yeah. This year, I’ll get into the Brawl Institution and finally be on the fighter road. I can’t wait for my first fight.”
I closed my eyes as I squealed with excitement. While I had my eyes closed, we approached some other students. Before Knox could warn me, I stepped to my right, avoiding the student.
“Hey, Anthony.”
Knox touched my shoulder, so I quickly clutched his wrist and threw my other fist at him, stopping it an inch away from his ribs.
“I’m too ready.”
“That’s what sold it for me, you being hyper,” Knox said, bringing us back.
“So I did impress you.”
“After that, I lent my fighters to other managers and started anew.”
“I’m glad you picked me. Now, can we get out of here. The heat is killing me.”
“Very well.”
Once we were back in the cold, we noticed a stream of different colored cars roll into the snow-filled parking lot.
“What the hell is going on?” I asked.
“Must be something important if they’re rushing,” Knox said.
Multiple people got out of the cars, but my eyes zoomed in on a teenage girl with messy black hair and a look like she just woke up.
“You seem them, right, Anthony?” Knox asked.
Chapter 6
Anthony vs Jonah
“I see people, but who are they?”
“One of them is our transfer student Riley Styles.”
“Wait… what?!”
I took another look at Riley to see her blue jacket wrapped around her waist and black long sleeve.
“The other is Bryce Kimberly. He’s rank four in the state,” Knox added.
Bryce looked like the type of teen who had no muscles, but he did. His rough blond hair blew over his red eyes as he stood ready in his yellow fur jacket.
“Didn’t you lose twice already, Bryce?” Riley taunted.
“Today will be different. I’ve been practicing, and I know your fighting style now. I will win my next two.”
“If you think so.”
“We’re watching this fight, right?” I asked.
“Of course. Maybe you’ll pick something up from these two,” Knox said.
So, Knox and I got to a spot where we could see.
“Begin!” the ref yelled.
The crowd immediately cheered as Bryce charged the girl. As soon as he reached her, he let out a combo of punches. Riley did live up to her reputation though. She dodged every single punch without breaking a sweat. Once Bryce’s right fist breezed past her, the girl chopped his arm, knocking it downwards. Throwing off his flow, Bryce pulled back and prepared himself again.
“I thought I was fast enough to dodge your attack. Sadly, I didn’t grow in speed,” he stated.
“You’re still the same, Bryce. Can’t you show me something new?” Riley taunted even more.
“Very well. I’ll perform a new technique that I’ve learned through training.” Bryce pulled back his arm and pointed the other forward as if he was aiming an arrow. “Say goodbye to your rank.”
“Alright. Goodbye, rank.”
Starting his attack, Bryce stepped forward and used the icy ground to slide towards Riley. Before reaching her, he threw out his cocked fist like it was an arrow. Sadly, it seemed like the move was too basic since Riley just moved to her left and avoided it. However, she did stop him with one hand so he wouldn’t keep going.
“You really do have jokes, Bryce. Thanks for that.”
Ending the fight, Riley punched Bryce in the face, making his nose bleed as he stumbled into a car.
“Whoa,” I said.
“That’s it! Riley Styles wins, meaning it’s 1 to 0 in her favor.”
People cheered for Riley, but there were also others booing. It was expected when they’re such a high rank.
Oh, yeah. This is probably a good time to explain the higher rank fights. When two people in the top 10 fight, they have to win a best 2 out of three. If they win, they swap ranks with their opponent. So, Bryce and Riley would swap if Bryce wins twice.
“Come on, Anthony. Let’s have some words with the victor.”
“Oh, okay.”
While someone helped Bryce up, Knox made his way to Riley. I, on the other hand, tried, but I got caught in the crowd as they left. Random strangers shoved and forced me farther away from the two.
“Hey! Can you all stop pushing?”
The crowd soon became all I could see until a certain moment. I could see Riley and Knox talking. While I was looking at her, the girl turned to my direction, but I had no way of telling she actually saw me. By the time the crowd was done pushing me, Riley had disappeared with them, leaving just me and Knox in the parking lot.
“I hate people,” I groaned.
“You missed your chance to introduce yourself. I even talked about you.”
“What did you say?”
“After talking about representing her, I told her about my only fighter.”
“Oh, so where is he?” Knox informed me of what Riley said. “I wouldn’t mind meeting my new schoolmate.”
“Well, he seems to be lost in the crowd right now, but he should be done playing around soon. I can’t wait until our school gets a hold of you by the way. With you around, it should be a lot more interesting.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty much ready for anything. People at Corbin just stopped harassing me, and now I have to start from the beginning again.”
“If you want, my fighter and I can be your bodyguards, that is if I could be your manager.”
Riley let out a cute chuckle that Knox tried to replicate. “I’ll think about it. I can’t wait to see what you two will do.”
Instead of waiting to see me, Riley left with her group.
“So your job was talked about more than me,” I said.
“Nevermind that. You’ll get to put on your charm come Monday. Now, let’s continue our date.”
And we did just that. As we visited a couple more stores, I learned a little about my manager. Knox liked to watch fights just like me, he liked animals, especially cats, and he liked thinking like a strategist. He actually disliked muscle heads, braggers, and know-it-alls though. I felt like I had to remember everything like a dating simulator.
The two of us walked a great distance until we eventually stopped at a small cafe. Instead of drinking our hot cocoa inside the heated cafe, we sat at an outside table in the breeze.
“I’m guessing you like the cold too,” I pointed out.
“I don’t mind it, but warmth is always better.”
Actually, one question came to mind as I stared at the mysterious man. Why did he become a manager? Before I could pop the question though, I notice someone approaching the cafe. He looked like my age, but I didn’t recognize him.
Weirdly enough, he wore a beige cloak instead of a jacket with his black compact hair and dark skin. What was even stranger was that his left eye was red while the right was brown.
As I stared, we unintentionally made eye contact, causing him to walk over to my table.
“Anthony Beckons,” he said.
Unfortunately, all I could give him was a confused look.
“The observer doesn’t know someone, huh? Anthony, this is Jonah Stewart. He goes to our school,” Knox introduced.
My title as observer was ruined! I’ve never seen Jonah’s face ever in my life, and I think I would remember those eyes. How quiet low was he?
“It’s nice to meet you, Jonah.” I held out my hand to greet him. 
With his slight scowl and low eyes, he shook my hand. Once we let go, like a switch, a wide grin formed on his face.
“I saw your fight against Chance and Bruce,” he said while striking the metal table.
Knox saved his drink from falling over, but I couldn’t do the same. Also, I had no clue he was there during the fights!
“I want to fight you. Rank doesn’t matter, so let’s do it.”
“I’ve never seen you before, or any of your fights. What rank are you?”
“It’s 35, but who cares? Let’s fight.”
35?! How the hell haven’t I seen this guy before? I didn’t know how he reached that rank, but I wasn’t backing down.
“Fine, I’ll fight you. We doing this right now?”
“Yep, let’s go.”
Right away, my first impression of Jonah was half and half. He looked so serious and calm earlier, but now he was acting like a psycho. 
Jonah went into the cafe to get a ref while I stayed with Knox.
“Good luck. I’ve never seen Jonah fight because he’s never done it at school. The only ones who even know he exist are his parents, the school staff, and me,” my manager informed.
“Then I’ll adapt like I did with Chance.”
It was pretty lucky that a lot of people in our town were official referees. Jonah collected a barista and a crowd, and we gathered in the parking lot.
“I would like this fight private, but I can’t become a crminal now,” Jonah said in his serious nature this time.
Man, a 35 versus a 50. Both of us prepared ourselves.
“Begin!”
Jonah threw the first attack. Even though it was just streetfighting, it felt like a renowned style. The boy threw several punches, but I dodged them all. Then, he threw a high kick, so I blocked with my right arm. Jonah wasn’t rank 35 just because of his attitude. His kick hurt my arm just from the impact. 
Once the foe put his foot down, I decided to go on the offensive. I launched a combo of high and mid punches and kicks. Jonah easily dodged and blocked it all without trying too hard. However, one attack did get through.
I faked my opponent out by feinting a left and throwing a right. He still blocked it, but he didn’t see the knee I threw. My knee dug into his stomach, forcing him back. At that point, Jonah’s serious look turned into a crazy one again.
“You actually hit me. Thank you.”
Thank you?
“Now I get to flip the switch.”
“What the hell?” I muttered.
Jonah rushed me again. Instead of dodging, I threw my fist when he threw his. I know I shouldn’t have gone for strength tests, but I had to against Jonah. I didn’t think it would be fitting to win or lose any other way.
Our fists connected, and we both struggled to win the clash. It wasn’t until a minute into it that I regretted my decision. Jonah took hold of my wrist with his right hand and tugged me forward. I was completely caught off guard, so I stumbled forward. Jonah quickly came around with his left fist and struck my cheek. The hit definitely hurt, but that didn’t drop me. Sadly, the boot to the ribs did knock me to a knee.
“We’re not done yet. Hit me back.”
“Is this guy a masochist or something? What did I get myself into?” I thought.
While holding my ribs, I stood up. Unlike Chance, Jonah fought fair and square. He also had decent strength and speed. Still not backing down, I ran to him when he did the same. 
With his wicked smile, the contender grabbed his cloth and threw it into the air. There was a second when the cloth covered his face. When I saw his face again, he was back to his serious side like a button had been pushed. While he launched both of his fists, I blocked with my arms crossed.
I planned on tanking the hit, grab him so he couldn’t escape, and then finish him with a drop kick to the chest. The problem though was I didn’t know if it would finish him. His fists impacted my arms, but I tanked it like I said. That’s when I grabbed onto both of his arms. Just as planned, I hopped up and drove my heels into the boy’s chest. However, it was less satisfying because of his grin.
Regrettably, the plan backfired. I didn’t notice until now, but Jonah dug his sharp nails into my arms, causing me to wince. Then, the cloak that he flung landed on top of my head right when the teen released me.
“Damn it,” I panicked in my head. “He’s not like Bruce or Chance. He’s the type I was worried about fighting.”
I pulled the cloak off, but I wasn’t ready for his fist in face. His punch connected and sent me flying back. The crowd made a runway as I slid on my back, the cloak still over me. I could only imagine how Knox felt watching me. The only thing I could hear was Jonah wickedly laughing.
“That was pretty nice! It felt good too. Come on, Anthony. I know you have more than that,” he taunted.
How could I beat this guy? He was stronger, faster, and his cloak worked.
“Anthony, can you stand?” the barista asked.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m good.”
I stood and threw off the cloak, but it was already over.
“That’s enough! Jonah wins by first blood,” the ref announced.
I was shocked to hear that, so I felt my face. Just like she called, I was bleeding from my nose. The crowd cheered and clapped as Jonah approached me.
“That was a good fight. If this system wasn’t here, I would want to go longer. I’ll be around, so challenge me any time.”
The flip-floppy teen held out his hand as a sign of respect and sportsmanship. 
“He said he would be around, but I’ve never seen him before today,” I thought.
Anyway, I went ahead and shook his hand, causing the crowd to leave. Then, Jonah was off too. Once it was just Knox and me, I fell back into the snow, letting out a sigh of defeat as I closed my eyes. Knox let me relax in the snow for a while, neither of us saying a word the entire time.
By the time I felt like getting up, I felt someone prod my ribs. To my surprise, I opened my eyes to Riley Styles poking my side with her face over mine.
Chapter 7
The Date’s End
“Oh, he’s waking up,” Riley said.
After sitting up, I looked back and spotted Knox sitting at the cafe’s table, his usual smile on.
“Hey, I’m Riley,” she greeted.
“Anthony,” I replied.
“So, you’re Knox’s only fighter. It’s nice to meet you.”
“Likewise, 3rd rank.”
“Oh, so you know about me.”
“It’s not that hard since you’re coming to Blackwell. But, I just heard about you yesterday.”
Riley let out a cute giggle. “You’re a fighter, but you odn’t look at the leaderboards?”
“Cut me some slack. I just cared about the fighting.”
I stood, so Riley did the same.
“What are you doing here?”I questioned.
“I was just driving around when I saw Knox next to you. I saw you at my fight, so I decided to come over.”
“Well, sorry that you weren’t able to see it, but I lost.”
“I can tell from the dry blood.”
Embarrassed, I tried to wipe the blood away with snow.
“Don’t worry. Whether you lose again or win, I’m sure I’ll catch your next fight. See ya later.”
Before walking away, Riley patted me on the chest and smiled.
“Ooh, look at you two. I knew you would hit it off,” Knox approached.
“She actually seems cool. We’ll see Monday if we actually become friends.”
“That was pretty much the highlight of the date, and I had nothing to do with it.”
“Don’t worry, Knox. We still have the entire day. You still have time to impress me.”
“Then let’s get going.”
Knox and I continued our walk, talking about one another’s stories. We both had pretty normal lives: two parents, no siblings, no tragedies, and normal school. However, I did forget to ask my question since Jonah delayed it. So, by the time we headed back to the community, I went ahead and asked him.
“Knox, why did you become a manager?”
After hearing the question, Knox glanced up to the cloudy sky.
“For money.”
“Money? I thought you were fine on that.”
“I told the truth. I just want to repay everyone who’s helped me in life. I want to take care of my family and friends. That’s why I want to manage fighters and get them on TV.”
“Wow, that’s pretty nice. You better repay me in the future too.”
“I did say friends too, didn’t I?”
Before we knew it, we made it back to the community. A few minutes later, my mom came to a stop in front of us. I timed it pretty well since my mom only worked for a couple of hours.
“You want to chill at my house? The date doesn’t have to end here,” I said.
I had my back to her, but I could sense the cheek to cheek smile my mom had.
“Thank you, but it’s fine. I’ll just call or text. Someone’s on their way to get me, so I’ll see you later.”
“Alright, then. See you later.”
Once I was in the car, my mom drove off.
“You have fun on your date?” my mom asked while giggling a little.
“It was really fun. I got to connect with my manager, so I’m happy.”
“You know, when you told me you joined the Institution with a manager, I thought someone was playing you. Knox seems like a good guy though.”
“He is. With him by my side, I’m sure everything will be fine.”
“Don’t go losing a lot of fights though. Your father and I love you, but you better be someone not to be messed with.”
Mom’s small lecture ended when we got home. I immediately took off my jacket while my dad came down the stairs in a black formal clothes.
“You ready, hubby?” my mom asked in a sultry tone.
“You bet, sweetie.”
“Where are you two going?” I asked.
“We’re going to a new restaurant called Next. It’s a place where --”
“Nevermind, it’s fine. Go have fun and don’t bring me back a sibling.”
I walked away from my parents.
“You already know the rules, Anthony. We’ll be back.”
Then, the two departed. Now, I felt like a party or someone’s private time would go down. I, however, was a good boy and did nothing but watch TV and play games.On top of that, I did think about ways of improving after my fight with Jonah. By the time my parents made it back, I was fast asleep, so I had to wait on asking how the date went.
Sunday, most of the snow defrosted, so it meant a sunny day. On Sundays, my parents slept in so I woke up before them. They called it their “Knock-off day”. Anyway, I headed to the living room in my usual white T and pajama pants. 
Right when I reached the bottom step, I could hear my phone ring. I loved hearing the classic ringtone, but I had to stop it before my parents woke up! I didn’t mention it earlier, but both my mom and dad where in the Brawl Institution as teens, and they’re still in it. That’s how they met and I don’t want a right hook to the face when they wake up.
So, I sprinted up the stairs and dove onto my bed to get my phone. Sadly, it wasn’t just on the top layer. It was underneath the covers, so I had to slither through to get it. After a second, I clicked the phone, ending the ringing.
I let out a sigh of relief and got out of bed. Right after though, there was banging at the front door. My feet got moving again, and I reached the door in a minute flat. The worst part about it was that I hated opening it.
“Heey, Beck!” Celia greeted.
Instead of speaking, I just closed the door. I couldn’t take a step before she started banging again. Okay, I was exaggerating a little. Celia was an ass and obnoxious, but she didn’t act that way when people are watching or when my parents are around. So, I quickly opened the door.
“You’re so mean. Are you still mad because of the conga line trick? I’m sorry about that so forgive me already.”
“Cecelia, don’t ever come near me for the rest of my life. I hate everything you are and everything you stand for.”
This time, not exaggerating, I slammed the door to make my words clear. Unfortunately, I had to pay the price.
“Anthony!” my parents yelled.
After giving a verbal beating, they both went back to sleep. Celia had taken the hint and went away, so I finally plopped onto the couch. However, I wasn’t able to relax for long since my phone started buzzing again. I was surprised to see a random number texting me.
“Heyo! Knox gave me your phone number so hopefully we can become friends - Riley,” it read.
Right after, she sent me a picture of her giving a thumbs up next to a snow fort. Cool. I didn’t think Riley would want to talk to me, but I was happy she was. After Riley’s text came in, Chris Manson texted me. We had swapped numbers a while back before Chance challenged him.
“Hey, Anthony. If you can, meet me at the Rink at around four, okay?”
“Sure,” I replied.
In the meantime, I lied around and waited. 
Chapter 8
Chris’s Crush
Before four, I threw on a jean jacket and black shoes. Instead of asking for a ride though, I took my durable red bike and rode to the Rink, which was the skating rink. It took a few minutes, but I made it and spotted Chris in the parking lot with a red long sleeve and black pants.
“Yo, Chris. What did you need?”
“I’m having a problem, Anthony, and I thought you could help since I don’t know anyone else with knowledge in this field.”
It must have been something abnormal and freaky if no one else had any expertise, but what did I know that he didn’t?
“I need help confessing to a girl.”
There was just silence as I stared at Manson.
“NO ONE else can deal with this situation?!!” I bellowed like a cartoon character.
“Everyone else I know never had a crush. I thought you might be able to help since you talk to girls so easily.”
What girls?! I hadn’t had an actual conversation with any girls at Blackwell other than Celia. Also, the only crush I ever had was a girl named Jakayla in elementary school.
I let out a sigh. “Where is she anyway?”
“In the Rink.”
Chris led me into the wide white building. The Rink wasn’t too packed, but they had a few customers. We entered from the right, so we were close to a small arcade while the concessions and bathrooms were on our far left. 
“There she is,” Chris pointed.
Looking straight, I saw a pretty cute red head gracefully skating around. Her hair matched her blouse and went well with her purple skates.
“Was it love at first sight or…” I asked.
“Here’s what happened.”
Since Chris was bored, he decided to take a walk around the skating rink when he noticed his crush go inside the building. It was love at first sight since he never saw this girl before, at least that’s what he told me. Now, Chris, whenever I saw him, could talk to anyone easily, male and female, but apparently he had the disease that everyone got when they tried talking to their crush.
Chris followed the girl into the building and couldn’t do anything but stare. If anyone noticed, they would probably call the police. He was so mesmerized that he accidentally tripped over a table, looking like a goof as he stumbled around. A couple of people saw, but his goddess didn’t, so he bolted into the bathroom and texted me there.
“So what’s the plan, Ant?” he asked as we sat near the arcade.
“The plan is you talk to her.”
“W-What?! Didn’t you hear the story? I need help.”
“I don’t know any other way than just talking. We don’t want this turning into a misunderstanding where you try to impress her or be something you aren’t. Try getting near her first as a first step. I’ll be with you in case you get hypnotized again.”
“A-Alright, let’s try it.”
I haven’t dealt with these situations before, but I’ve seen a lot on TV and in person. Plus, I told him basically how I would do it. Chris should be able to overcome his lovesick attitude if he gets use to being around her.
So, the two of us rented skates and rolled out into the battlefield. Now, it was time for my observation skills to come into play. I needed to redeem myself since slacking off.
By the looks of it, she wasn’t a real pro at skating. For a while, we tailed the girl and kept our distance. At times, Chris lost his focus, so I had to bring him back. At one point, he almost rammed into some kids, but I was able to redirect him.
“Okay, okay. I think I’m getting better,” Chris said.
“Good. You think you can talk to her soon?”
“Y-Yeah, I might be.”
As we talked, I slowly moved Chris closer and closer to the girl. Sadly, he caught on too fast.
“No! I know what you’re doing.”
“What else are we going to do, Chris? If you want her, you need to talk to her.”
“Alright, I just need to calm down. Let’s sit for a little.”
So, the two of us rolled over to the tables. However, before I could warn the lovestruck idiot, he sat at the wrong table, a table with a girly green purse with a name on it.
“Arem,” it read.
“Um, excuse me,” someone cleared their throat behind me. What do you know, it was Chris’s crush. “Excuse me. This is my table.”
Arem looked nice, but she had a slight scowl going like we were trying to steal from her. Chris, just like I thought, was speechless with his red face.
“Oh, sorry about that. We were too distracted. Right, Chris?” I passed it on.
Of course, he stayed speechless.
“I-I’m going back to skating!” The boy was off like a rocket.
“Is your friend nervous about something?” Arem asked.
“Yeah, he kinda has a crush on you.” I just came out and said it. What’s the point if he doesn’t progress?
“Really? I’ve never him him before.”
“What school do you go to?”
“Corbin High.”
“That’s why. We both go to Blackwell.”
“Oh, the community school. Well, he looks nice, but I don’t know. I’m not really looking to date right now.”
“Then I’ll go break the news to him. There’s no point in trying to force it.”
Whew, I’m just glad it’s over. I was wondering how long would we be chasing that girl.
“Wait a second.” Arem forcefully grasped my wrist when I took one step away. “Are you in the Brawl Institution?”
“Yeah… why are you asking now?”
“How about we have a little fight? I just entered two days ago, and I don’t think your friend would want to.”
“What makes you want to fight me?”
“Because I’m so excited to fight! I looked at the recent leaderboard changes, and I saw your face. I have no rank, so I wouldn’t mind taking yours.”
As I thought about it, I turned to Chris who was skating pretty well. Without any distractions, he skated liked a pro.
“Alright, fine. I’m up for a fight.”
“Cool. Thanks for this. I owe you one.”
While Arem talked to the cashier about the fight, I told Chris. After shaking me around, he finally came to terms with it.
“Just don’t hurt her, Anthony.”
“It’ll be fine, but you probably shouldn’t watch.”
Chapter 9
Anthony vs Arem
Then, tables were cleared, the crowd formed while skaters stayed away, and the fight started.
“Begin when ready,” the ref said.
So, Arem and I carefully walked around the arena, keeping our eye on each other. 
“First fight against a girl, but she can catch these hands too,” I thought.
At that point, Arem stopped and burst towards me. She reached me in a second and threw a right. I easily guarded, but I didn’t think the hit would send me sliding back. Once I stopped, my opponent followed up with a kick. I guarded again and slid to my left. 
She was fast and strong. I had to step my game up. Finally going on the offensive, I threw a left that missed on purpose. Once Arem sidestepped to my right, I dug my knee into her side, forcing her back.
“Anthony!” Chris yelled.
“It’s a fight. Calm down, Chris.”
“Nice knee. I’ll try to be faster then.”
With a smile on her face, Arem ran circles around me like a certain Brock Lee and a sandy menace. I tried keeping up with her, but she blurred past me. 
So, I thought of the most efficient way of stopping her. I kicked at legs, but I missed somehow. I was so sure that she would get caught, but she didn’t. Then, I felt her shove me forward and a fist dug into my stomach right after.
“You have to be faster than that, 50,” she taunted.
Since she stopped in front of me, I threw a fist, but she leaned back to dodge. I then proceeded to attack, and she kept dodging. As quick as ever, she avoided my assault so easily that it made me look like a pro. The last attack I threw was planned however. When I launched my fist, she sidestepped to her left, so I swiped my hand and grabbed her blouse. 
“How about we slow down a bit?” I asked.
We both kicked and clashed legs. Arem’s legs were way stronger than her fists, but I barely held my own. While our legs were together, I kept hold of her blouse and hopped up.
“What?!”
Arem guarded with her right arm, but she still slid back while I stumbled to my feet.
“Man, that hurt. I’m glad I chose you as my first,” she said. Hearing those words made Chris crumble to the floor. “How about I get serious now?”
The girl broke our stand off by dashing towards me at the same fast speed. I waited to see what she would do and spotted her right fist. However, I was so focused on her fist that I didn’t notice her kick until it rammed into my ribs. Before I could react, her fist dug into my chest, and she swept me off my feet.
“Damn, she’s way too quick. Is it normal for someone to get faster all of a sudden?” I thought.
While I got up, Arem stood right in front of me.
“I wouldn’t be made if you’ve had enough, 50,” Arem taunted.
“The name is Anthony.”
As I got up again, I thought of my master plan to win. It looked like Arem’s speed was her main focus. She was strong, but I needed to deal with the speed first. That’s why I focused on her legs when she threw another kick.
After guarding again, I grabbed her ankle and threw my own kick at her lonely standing foot. Sadly, I didn’t think I was fighting a damn martial artist or whatever. The girl hopped off the floor, avoiding my kick, and threw that same foot at my face. Too surprised, I let the kick connect, and the fight ended, all because of my nose bleed.
“Stop the fight! Arem wins by first blood.”
The crowd cheered, including Chris. I lost because of a nose bleed for the second time two days in a row. I didn’t think there were crazy fighters in Genera. While I wiped my blood away, Arem stood in front of me with her hand held out.
“I never did ask for your name. Sorry about that,” she said.
“You didn’t see it on the leaderboard?” I took her hand.
“No, I was too focused matching your face to your rank. You said it was Anthony, right?”
“Yeah, that’s me. I guess you’re sharing the nickname 50 with me and another guy.”
“That’s just fine with me. It was a fun fight. How about we get each others’ numbers? I wouldn’t mind fighting you again.”
“Sure.”
After reaching her table, Arem gave me a piece of paper with her number on it.
“Artemis Trippy, remember my name.”
Then, the girl strolled away. Two girls in two days. Maybe I was smooth with the ladies.
“Anthony!”
Chris zoomed towards me and clutched onto my shirt.
“You didn’t help me at all! You just helped yourself!” Chris cried while shaking me.
“I could give you the number if you stop shaking me.” So, Chris ceased and I texted him the number. “I’ll be a little weird since she didn’t give you it, so how about waiting, huh?” I warned.
“Thank you so much, Anthony. I knew it was smart to call you.”
After hugging me, Chris continued to skate.
“I’m done here.” I sighed as I headed to the skate registration. Once I put my shoes back on, I left the Rink. The ride back was pretty peaceful until my phone buzzed.
“I thought we raised you better, Anthony! Poor Cecelia was crying and you just left her on our porch. You NEED to apologize!” my mom sent me.
“That bitch,” I thought.
I replied “Okay” as I tightened my grip in frustration. I took my time riding home, but I knew the two wouldn’t drop it until I showed up. When I reached my house, I went ahead and decided to endure it. My mom and Celia were sitting on the couch.
“Anthony, how could you do this?” my mom asked.
“Look, I’m sorry.”
Neither of my parents knew how much of a bitch Celia was.
“She said you shut her out and avoided her.”
For good reason.
“I want you to make her feel better, and you’re not leaving the house until you do.”
Mom rose and whispered into my ear. “I know you may like Knox, but do anything you can to make her feel better.”
I poked my mom in the side to push her away.
“Ow. You two be nice now.”
The hyper adult hopped upstairs as she left us alone.
“Why are you so mean, Beck? I just wanted to be your friend.”
Celia had actual tears running down her face, and her eyes were red, but I still didn’t trust her. I knew she was good at acting, so she could make any emotion look and feel real.
“Why are you bringing my parents into this? Just take the huge fucking hint and leave.”
“Oh, come on. I would never leave my toy,” she said lightly.
Celia’s conga line popped up in my head as I looked at her. I clenched my fists and unclenched them after I heard “Be nice!” coming from upstairs.
“You’ve made me your toy since the beginning of middle school. Why did you do it? Why was it me?”
I couldn’t make any expression other than a pissed scowl. When our eyes met, Celia immediately looked away and wiped her tears.
“Because you’re my bestest friend, and I really like you,” she obviously lied. 
At that point, the girl’s eyes lit up like she had an idea.
“I’m just doing what I like to do.” 
She went ahead and used the line she first used on me, the line that made me fall for her. 
Chapter 10
Friendships
Middle school, the time I was still innocent and didn’t think badly about other people. I was a pretty hyper kid, but I was tame around strangers and adults. On my second day of school at Boon Academy, Celia sat right next to me, making me blush since it was one of my first girl encounters.
“Hey! Anthony, right?”
To answer, I nodded my head. 
“Your last name is pretty weird though. You could take out the ONS and make Beck your first name. You actually look like a Beck.”
Celia was the first and only person to call me Beck.
“Hey, I have a question,” I finally spoke.
“Huh? What is it?”
“You’re really popular. Yesterday, the entire class and others wanted to talk to you. Why are you talking to me instead of them?”
The young Celia then spoke as if she knew I would ask her that question.
“I may be popular, but I’m just doing what I like to do. I want to be friends with everyone. What do you say?”
“Uh, sure.”
“Great. I hope we can be great friends.”
For two years, sixth and seventh grade, Celia and I were friends, but we never hung outside of school. However, unlike high school, we did things that were fun for both of us. We played card games, tried magic tricks, roleplayed, and did some cool school activities. That Celia was the one I saw as a friend, and I guess she saw me as one.
Unfortunately, eighth grade was the year she turned into the Celia I knew today. Most of my childhood friends went away either because they moved or got with the wrong crowd. Celia somehow got the entire school to know her name, but to this day I don’t know if that’s why she distanced herself.
In eighth grade, whenever we were together, I was just a toy to her. Knocking me around, discarding me when she didn’t need me, and only doing things she found fun became my life with her. That is, until I finally said something about it at the end of the year, right before the last bell rang.
“Celia, I don’t want to be your friend anymore.”
As soon as the bell rang, I just left, not saying another word. I don’t even know how she took it. She just kept her fake smile on. However, I can yell you what she said at the beginning of ninth grade, one year ago. I was right in front of Blackwell when a slap on my back surprised me.
“Hey, Beck! How’s your summer been?!” Celia said.
It took me a second to reply.
“It was good. Um, why are you talking to me?”
“Because we’re great friends. Why else?”
“Celia, don’t you remem--”
“Oh, I remember,” she cut me off as she pulled me close. “However, I won’t let my toy just leave on its own. We’re friends until I say we’re not.”
I couldn’t speak as Celia looked at me with a devilish smile.
“Okay, bye!”
And from there, we continued with our stupid cycle. I still don’t know why she changed, but it doesn’t matter anymore. She did it, and we are who we are. I came to hate the girl sitting in front of me.
“I’m done with you, Celia. Just leave already. I thought your parents raised you better.”
Immediately, Celia’s eyes widened. When she stood up, I guessed what was going to happen, so I took a defensive stance. Celia just looked at me with a couple of tears coming out.
“Go to hell,” she uttered.
Then, she ran off, nothing being resolved. Well, it’s kind of resolved for me. That was the first time she told me that. As soon as the door slammed, mom came running downstairs.
“That didn’t sound like making up,” she said.
“It’s not going to happen, mom. We’re not friends anymore.”
“That doesn’t mean you make her cry. You should be nice to everyone, even if they are mean. What happened with you two?”
I sat on the couch, so mom sat next to me.
“It’s fine. I’ll resolve the situation eventually. I’m just tired right now.”
“I believe you so you better. Even if Celia is mean to you, those tears were real. Maybe she does care about you but don’t know how to show it.”
“Maybe. We’ll see tomorrow.”
“Don’t ever make a girl cry again. It’s not very gentleman-like.”
With those final words of wisdom, my mom hopped back upstairs. After that, I just texted Knox for the rest of the day. 
Monday finally rolled around, and I was in first period. Surprisingly, Celia didn’t show up to annoy me. Maybe she was finally done torturing me. While I listened to my teacher lecture on, the intercom buzzed.
“Mrs. Debby, can you please send Anthony Beckons to the front? He will be returning,” the man said.
“Sure thing. Go on, Anthony.”
So, I headed to the main office near the main entrance. The math classes were on the school’s left, so it didn’t take too long to reach the front office. As soon as I walked into the circular carpeted office, I saw Riley sitting in one of the chairs with her books and binders. She smiled at seeing me.
“Anthony, Miss Styles has asked for you to escort her around the school. Make sure you show her everything,” Mr. Bells ordered.
“Yes, sir.”
Riley kept her smile as we left the office. The 3rd best fighter looked really good in Blackwell’s uniform with the white shirt, navy blue skirt, and blue jacket tied around her waist. 
“Welcome, newbie,” I said.
“It’s good to be here. Blackwell looks a little nicer than Corbin. I hope the students are nicer.”
“People aren’t nice to a lady like you?”
“Some of them were. Others were obsessed with the usual: sex, drugs, and fighting. Other than that, it was pretty laid back.”
“Well, I’ll be your protector here if anything happens. By the way, how did you get to request me?”
“That Mr. Bells offered me the chance to request anyone. I guess I get special privileges.”
“You did get me out of class, so thanks for that, but you could have requested Knox.”
“I plan on getting to know both of you. I just happend to pick you first.”
“Well, thanks. Shall we start the tour?”
“We shall.”
Chapter 11
Riley’s Tour
From there, the two of us toured through the empty halls. Instead of a botched tour, I gave an extensive one. I showed the new student everything from janitor closets and bathrooms to classrooms and the cafeteria. 
“And this is the gym,” I said when we reached the right of the school, the biggest hallway in the school.
“This is actually one of my classes, second period. Do you have it?” Riley asked.
“Naw, I had it freshman year though. It’s pretty fun in there, including the teachers. Actually, let me see your schedule.”
“Here you go, tour master.”
“Hmm, we’ll see each other in the morning and afternoon. Let me show you to your third period.”
So, we headed up the stairs that were across from the gym.
“You can go up to the roof?” Riley asked, the second floor exit catching her eye.
“Yeah, but not during class of course.”
“How about we head up there?”
“Well, Mr. Bells did say show you everything. Why not?”
Riley took the lead as we headed out. The roof rule was as long as we don’t try to escape and we make it to class, the roof was safe. Riley climbed up the ladder first, but I waited since, you know, she had a skirt on. Once I was up there, we both gazed at the community. The sun beamed down so that meant less snow on the ground.
“It’s a view, isn’t it?” I said.
“Yeah, it is. I couldn’t go to the roof at Corbin. It’s not even two floors and it’s so big. By the way, I wouldn’t be mad if you made a move while we’re up here.”
Her saying that made me flinch a little. Was Riley that kind of girl or did she pick me just for that reason? What if I did make a move on her?
“I’m just joking,” she said while giving a little chuckle.
So, she’s a teasing kind of girl.
“So, should we bead back?”
“Yeah, sure.”
Riley stepped towards the ladder and ended up tripping. Because of my reflexes, I moved in front of her to catch her. Sadly, Riley caught herself and stood up while I was in the catching position.
“Look at you trying to be the hero,” she said.
“There’s going to be more teasing, isn’t there?”
“We’ll have to wait and see.”
Then, Riley made her way to the ladder.
“It can only get good from here, right?” I thought.
After finishing the twenty minute tour, give or take, we headed to our first block. As soon as the others figured out who the transfer was, I could feel envious eyes on me.
“So you’re Riley Styles. How about you give an introduction?”
Riley stood in front of the class while I sat in my seat.
“Hello, everyone. My name is Riley, and I like to take things easy. I hope we can all get along.”
The girl smiled to finish her introduction, creating a calming warmth.
“It’s nice to meet you, Miss Styles. Go ahead and take a seat in the back corner.”
Riley sat the furthest away from me as possible, but it was fine. When class finished, I waited for her at the door.
“I thought you would have left already.”
“I have to keep track of the transfer for the day. It’s my duty as a fellow student.”
“Well, I’m glad that’s your duty, white knight. Do you mind doing this after every class today?”
“I don’t mind at all, my lady.”
To be honest, I didn’t expect all of that would be happening.
“It’s surprising that Riley took a liking to me so fast,” I thought. “Wait, I can’t get too into it. I have to be wary since this is just like how Celia and I became friends.”
I continued to meet Riley after classes, but I stopped the chivalry act. When lunch rolled around, I sat at my usual table with Knox and Riley. Luckily, she had the same lunch as us.
“It’s great to have you here, Riley. The school year should be more interesting with you around,” Knox said.
“I don’t know. I’m pretty laid-back so don’t expect too much.”
“There will be more people challenging you though. That in itself will make people want to be stronger,” I said with my eyes closed and arms folded.
“Anthony,” Knox said.
When I looked, Knox pointed towards me. Taking a guess, I ducked, avoiding Celia’s slap.
“Aw, come on! I didn’t get to hit you all day,” Celia said.
Instead of answering, I just continued to look away from her.
“Are you really going to ignore me? You’re my best friend.”
Celia grabbed my shoulders and started shaking me.
“You’re his best friend?” Riley asked.
“Yes, I am.” At that point, Celia realized that Riley was sitting next to me. “Who is this, Beck?! Is she your new bestest friend?”
“As a matter of fact, I am.”
My eyes widened while Knox’s attention stayed glued on the situation. Riley then pulled me closer and wrapped her arms around mine.
“We’ll be going out soon so can you please stop that.”
My eyes couldn’t get any wider. I just let Riley handle the talking. Surprisingly, Celia was stunned with a frustrated look.
“There’s no way I can let that happen! You won’t take my toy away.”
“Toy?” Riley repeated. “People aren’t toys. If you want a toy, go shopping for one.”
My protector chopped Celia’s hand, making her let go.
“Who are you, anyway?”
“I’m Riley Styles, and I’ll be around for a while, the entire school year in fact.”
Celia growled in response. “I won’t let you get away with this.”
Chapter 12
Tag Team Match
At that moment, like we were a beacon for trouble, Bruce made his way to our table.
“Oh no,” I let out.
“I see the school actually has a good fighter now,” Bruce said. I guess he had forgot who won our fight. “How about we have a little fight?”
“Anthony!” someone called. I looked over our seat and noticed Chance approaching us too. “It’s time that I had my rematch. Fight me and see my improved AC unit.”
“I’ll accept your challenge, stranger,” Riley said. “As long as it’s a tag team match.”
“What?” I said.
“Oh, it’s already starting to get interesting,” Knox commented.
“That’s… fine with me. It looks like I’ll be on a team with Bruce,” Chance muttered.
“Bruce Greenridge. You’ll see my name in the third spot after this,” the muscle head said.
“I guess I’m in too,” I sighed.
“Beck, if you team up with her, I’ll never forgive you,” Celia declared.
“That’s fine with me. Piss off.”
Of course, instead of listening to me, Celia just stayed with her frustrated face. Bruce walked off to get a ref and when he came back with Mr. Jones, a crowd slowly formed around us, giving us more space since it was a tag team.
“Anthony and Riley versus Bruce and Chris, right?” Mr. Jones double-checked. 
“Yeah.”
“Then begin.”
As soon as we started, the boys both dashed towards us. Riley took a step away from me while I prepared myself. When Chance reached me, he jabbed his open right palm at me, so I sidestepped. I guess he was trying to hit me with his gadget, but I wasn’t gonna get hit again.
Once he threw his other palm, I caught the boy’s wrist and tightened my grip. I could feel the thin pipe that pushed out his cold air. To push him away, I let go and booted his ribs.
Since Chance was off of me, I took a look at Riley, and of course I didn’t have to worry at all. She dodged every one of Bruce’s punches with grace and still taunted him.
“You’re going to take my spot?” she asked while getting behind the brute.
A second later, Chance was back in my face. However, he didn’t go for a punch this time. The fighter waved his right arm diagonally, sending a wave of freezing air my way. Now used to it and being a lover of the cold, I stayed close to him.
“Go on, Anthony. Show me what you can do,” Riley cheered while still dodging Bruce.
“I guess she just wanted to see me fight. I can’t look dumb in front of her then,” I thought.
When Chance punched, I quickly grabbed his wrist and waited for the other. Just like like I wanted, I held both of his wrists in place. Unfortunately, he added a new skill to his arsenal. My left hand began to burn, so I pulled it away. Since his hand was free, Chance threw an uppercut.
I avoided it by leaning my head back and immediately threw my own hook. Chance tried to guard with his one arm, but my fist got past and impacted his cheek, causing some blood to leak.
“Stop right there. Chance is out,” Mr. Jones said. 
“I lost… again?” Chance uttered.
“Wow. I didn’t think you would win that fast. I guess I should also wrap up,” Riley said. 
With one punch to the gut, Riley had Bruce curled up on the floor. Even though she was top 3, it still surprised me a little.
“And that’s it. Anthony and Riley win by knockout,” Mr. Jones announced.
“Whoo, we did it.”
Riley raised her hand into the air, so I high-fived it.
“There was no doubt, but did you do it just to see me fight?” I asked.
“I had to have some entertainment on my first day.”
While Mr. Jones and someone else helped the defeated fighters, Celia jumped onto my back.
“I still won’t let him go!”
“Good fight, you two. Have you thought about letting me manage you, Riley?” Knox asked next to us.
“I’m still thinking about it. Hmm, how about asking me once the week is over?”
“If it’s not a no right away, I’m willing to wait.”
At that moment, the bell rang. To get Celia off, I jabbed my elbow into her stomach.
“Class won’t save you, mister. I’ll intercept you later today.”
Celia ran off to class while we watched.
“Let’s be like her and head to class, you two. I may only be Anthony’s manager, but I’ll support potential friends and fighters,” Knox said.
“You really got yourself a good one, Anthony. Maybe I will join the group. Maybe.”
“That’s great to hear. Now let’s go.”
Fourth block with Knox and Riley went by fast and the three of us started heading home. Sadly, Celia did intercept us at the school entrance. She ended up following us home, and the whole time she walked in between me and Riley. When we were on my street, Riley finally spoke.
“Hey, Anthony.”
“No!” Celia answered for me.
“Yes?” I answered anyway.
“Anthony is too long to say all the time. Can I make a nickname for you?”
“Sure, I don’t mind.”
“No! I’m the only one who can have a nickname for hime.”
Celia’s never been this protective before. Then again, people get defensive when their possessions are in danger.
“Hmmm,” the 3rd rank thought.
I could tell she was racking her brain to think of something.
“Man, I can’t think of anything right now.”
“Ha!” Celia yelled.
“I’ll have to get back to you tomorrow.”
“Take as long as you want.”
We reached my house, so I said my byes. Celia ended up following me inside, but I threw her out immediately. After that, I just did my homework and went to sleep.
Chapter 13
Danger
When I woke up, I remembered that there would be a new student each day this week.
“They were scouted because of their grades, but some of their ranks should make you wary,” I recalled Mr. Jones saying.
No matter who it was, I wasn’t going to back down. Though, that doesn’t mean I’ll win. Once I was all dressed, I said bye to dad and left. To my surprise, Riley was waiting on me, all dressed and ready.
“What took you so long?” she said after yawning. “I’ve been waiting for hours.”
“No you haven’t.”
“Nah, but you can tell I was waiting.”
“You have a thing for me, don’t you?” I joked.
“Who said that? We just met.”
“If you’re going to tease me, I can do the same.”
At that point, we began our commute. Now that I realized it, I never had that kind of interaction with a girl since Celia. It felt nice.
Per usual, we met Knox on the way to school, and he started up a conversation.
“I think I saw the new student of today.”
“Really? Did you know them?” I asked.
“I’ve never seen her face before. Mr. Jones did say the others would be from around the country.”
The first thing that caught Knox’s attention was the girl’s silver hair with sharp bangs. Then, he noticed her pale skin, red eyes, black nails, and our uniform.
“She sounds… unique,” I said.
“I’m sure she’s a sweetheart,” Knox said.
“She sounds cool and all, but Ant, I came up with a nickname for you,” Riley cut in.
“Is it Ant?”
“No, that’s too easy. It’s Abby!”
“Abby?” Knox and I repeated in unison.
“Yep. I heard from that Mr. Bells guy that your last name is Beckons, and I didn’t want to be lazy like your friend Celia. I also thought of AB combo, but that fits better for a tag team.”
“Uh, it’s creative, but Abby?”
“You don’t like it?”
Now, what Celia would have done was give me puppy dog eyes and guilt trip me into accepting the name. In contrast, Riley just looked at me with her normal face.
“I’m okay with it. Go ahead and call me Abby.”
Knox let out a small giggle.
“Cool, Abby.” Riley smiled with her eyes closed after saying it. “It feels so right. Aaaaabby.”
Once she was content, we headed inside the school and classes started. Unfortunately, Riley and I didn’t get to hear about the new student until lunch. It’s always lunch, isn’t it?
“Good morning, everyone. My name is Trisha Goodman. I’m very excited to be going to Blackwell. I hope everyone will like me,” the new girl introduced herself in Knox’s first block. 
Unlike Riley’s introduction, the others couldn’t really feel warm and comfortable with Trisha’s appearance. While Trisha was heading to her seat, she glanced at Knox and then turned away.
“We didn’t talk yet. She’s actually been quiet the entire block, even when we worked in groups,” Knox informed.
Knox, Riley, and I sat at our usual table, talking about the new girl.
“Are you trying to recruit her like me?” Riley asked.
“Not until I see what she can do. I’m not a rookie, you know.”
“It feels like we’re getting supernatural students. I hope everything stays tame,” I said.
At that moment, out of nowhere, I felt something sharp prick the back of my neck. In response, I slapped my neck and turned around.
“Oh, I’m so sorry. My nail went a little crazy,” Trisha said.
Looking at her smile, she didn’t have the same feeling as Riley or Knox. Their smiles felt genuine and happy while her’s was a little off.
“It’s okay. I’m fine,” I excused.
“Oh, hello, Knox. I see you’re friends with the 3rd strongest in the state.”
“Hey, I’m Riley.”
“Trisha.”
The new girl walked over to the front of our table.
“Is it okay if I sit here?”
“Sure, go ahead.”
The girl sat right next to Knox and set her tray down.
“You three were talking about me, were you not?”
“Ah, you got us. We were doing exactly that,” Riley admitted.
“I hope it was good. I hope I haven’t made a bad impression already.”
“You haven’t really made any impression yeeeeeeet,” Knox droned on.
At that point, everything went mute for me. I couldn’t hear anyone talking even though I could see their lips moving. I even tried moving, but my body wouldn’t let me. After that, the panic set in. The sides of my view grew black and everything started morphing around me.
People’s faces turned into Picasso art, the tables widened, and the area around me grew. What the hell was happening?!! Was it drugs?! While I’m on some hardcore stuff, let’s give the narrative to Knox.
“You haven’t really made any impression yet,” I stated.
“I’m just trying to get comfortable today. Tomorrow is when I make my real debut.”
“I wonder what will happen. Will you start with a speech or a fight first?”
“Probably a speech and then maybe I’ll fight the 3rd strongest.”
“They get along so well. Right, Abby?”
After hearing Riley, I turned my attention to the shaken Anthony.
“Um, what’s wrong with your friend?” Trisha asked, as if she had nothing to do with it. 
Everything was calm before she came, not to mention she injected him, but it was just her nail. Did Trisha have a poison on her? While I was in deep thought, Anthony quickly punched Riley’s ribs, plowing her out of her seat. 
To my surprise, and hers, the punch actually injured the proficient fighter. Our deranged friend then let out an animalistic roar. In response, every single person in the cafeteria turned their eyes to our table.
“What happened?!!” Anthony screamed.
Riley rose while holding her side.
“Abby? Were you always this strong?”
“If he’s acting like this, there’s no point in speaking. We need an antidote or --”
I ceased my thoughts since Trisha tried something. While I was thinking, she sneakily thrust her nail at my side. Luckily, I didn’t fully lower my guard. I slapped her wrist with my right palm and held it against the seat.
Trisha evilly grinned as I looked into her eyes. I tried giving her the benefit of the doubt, but I was wrong. “Why” was all that could escape my lips.
“You should know, Knox, but I know you don’t want to.”
I then clutched her wrist and raised it into the air, causing her to jab her free hand at me. While I also caught that hand, Anthony got out of the booth.
“I guess you’re not yourself,” Riley said.
“What the hell are you? A monster? You’re creeping me out!” Anthony yelled.
“Riley, can you calm Anthony down for me? I’ll deal with Trisha for now.”
“Sure can do.”
“Whoa!” Mr. Jones and a science teacher came running towards us. “You all know the rules. You can’t fight without an advisor.
“We can’t do that right now,” Riley said.
“What’s wrong with Anthony?” Mr. Jones asked.
“He’s been drugged. Can you seal off the area, so we can handle this?” I asked.
“Alright. We’ll leave it to you two.”
The teachers hurried to place the velvet rope around us while other students got closer. I finally shoved Trisha out of the seat, so she rolled back and got to her feet.
“I’ve been waiting for this day, Knox. I’m finally going to put you in the ground.”
Instead of my usual smile, I frowned. I didn’t remember who Trisha was, but she had to face the consequences for drugging Anthony.
“Wait!”
After turning to my left, I spotted Cecelia hopping over the rope and running towards us. Once she was in between Trisha and I, she stopped.
Chapter 14
Trisha’s Revenge
“I saw the whole thing!” She pointed her finger as if it were a gun. “You drugged my toy on purpose, so I won’t let you get away with it. You’re fighting me instead.”
While looking at the back of Cecelia’s head, I grinned. 
“Then we’ll fight her together. Usually, I’m against jumping someone, but the circumstances are different,” I said. 
Whatever drug she used, I was hoping it wore off eventually or that she had the antidote. While we stared at Trisha, Riley strolled towards Anthony.
“Look, Abby. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Hurt?”
Like a trigger word, Anthony leapt towards Riley. Instead of dodging, the fighter guarded with her arms crossed. When the hit connected, Riley slid back from the impact.
“Ah, man. I wish I knew if that’s your real strength or the drug talking. I guess I’ll have to hurt you to find out.”
Riley finally prepared herself to fight.
“I’m not here to fight some girl. Get out of my face,” Trisha stated when Cecelia took a step forward. “But I will kill anyone who gets in my way.”
Then, Trisha charged us.
“Watch out for her nails, Ceclia. Don’t get too close to her,” I warned.
“I know. I was watching the whole thing.”
Cecelia also ran in at that point while I slowly circled around them. Luckily, I wasn’t needed. To my surprise, Cecelia pulled out a style that wasn’t streetfighting. When they reached each other, she went low and wrapped her arms around Trisha’s stomach, getting a good hold on her. 
The villain raised her hands over Cecelia’s back, but she was forced onto the ground. While on the floor, Cecelia restrained her opponent by sitting on top of her and holding her wrists.
“You can’t restrain me forever,” Trisha said.
“You should have come up with a better plan, Trisha,” I said as I strolled towards them. “You’re going to pay for your actions.”
“You don’t get it, Knox. Nothing will stop me from getting my revenge.”
Trisha tried to stab Cecelia with her nail, but the girl kept surprising me. She let got at the right time, avoiding the pierce, and struck the girl’s face. While she was stunned, Cecelia quickly grasped Trisha’s left hand and broke all five nails in one try.
“You bitch!”
“You won’t touch him ever again.”
Trisha continued to struggle, but Cecelia had a strong grip on her. Meanwhile, Riley was dodging all of Anthony’s attacks. Even though we needed to save him, she hadn’t landed on blow yet. She dodged another straight left until grabbing his wrist.
“I’m sorry, buddy.”
With the thrust of her other hand, Anthony went flying back and hit out table. Finishing him off, Riley dealt a powerful blow to his head and knocked him unconscious.
“Looks like your plan failed, Trisha. I don’t know why you did this, but you should have thought about it more. The police are on their way, right?” I asked Mr. Jones.
“Yep. We just have to hold her and Anthony here. I’m sorry that I couldn’t do anything to save you all.”
“You couldn’t have known, Mr. Jones. None of us did.”
“You all are so naive. I’m not done here,” the enemy said.
Trisha speedily pulled her left hand away and dug into her pocket, pulling out a black and white pocket knife. In response, Cecelia hopped off of her, and I stepped back. Once on her feet, the girl bumrushed us, trying to take us out before the officers came.
Since Cecelia jumped back, she decided to turn and go for me. So, I got into my Savate stance, a French method of boxing. When Trisha swung her blade at my chest, I stepped to the left, slapped her wrist away, and kicked her knee. Once she stumbled forward, my leg came up again and struck her stomach, finishing our bout.
“Ahhh,” she moaned as she fell.
“Sorry, but it had to be done,” I said.
At that moment, two pairs of officers turned the corner and saw the situation. After Riley and I explained what happened, the police took her away while an ambulance collected Anthony. They informed us that he would be in the hospital for a few days for testing. If he turned out fine, he would be back to school by Thursday.
“Damn,” I thought. “If I was the reason she did this, then I have to figure out why.”
“Unless you killed her family or something, don’t worry too much about that psycho,” Riley said as we stood at the school entrance.
“Hopefully, Anthony will be fine, but she’s not worth anything if she’s willing to go this far for revenge. I don’t know who you were back then, but you seem fine to me.”
“Thank you, Riley, but I do need to know why did it. I hope to convince her to stop if I can. It’s the least I can do to make up for this situation.”
“Well, you won’t be doing it right now. Let’s get to class.”
Listening to my new friend, we headed to class. However, Trisha didn’t leave my head any time soon. Afterwards, the rest of the day was filled with gossip and people asking if I was okay. Once school ended, I departed with Riley until feeling a tap on my shoulder. Surprisingly, it was Jonah.
“I heard about the police and rumors. What happened?” he questioned.
Assuming that Jonah was around for lunch, I explained everything as we continued walking.
“Damn, I was going to challenge him today too. When will you go visit him?”
“Seeing how hard Riley hit him, he won’t be up until later, so I’ll go tomorrow.”
“I want to go today, but I might as well wait. I’ll also go tomorrow,” Riley said.
“Is it okay if I come with you two?” Jonah asked.
“It’s fine with me,” Riley shrugged.
“My mother and I can pick you two up. Let us exchange numbers and home addresses.”
So, the two of them gave me their information, and we went our separate ways. 
Chapter 15
Next Day
My home wasn’t too far from Anthony’s, but a car was still needed for transport.
“Hello, home,” I said after closing the door behind me.
“Welcome back, son. How was school?” my mom asked while poking her head out on my left. 
I was almost identical to my mother. The two of us plan everything we do, we both have dozens of associates, and I get my conniving face from her. We even had the same original hair color before dying it green. Other than that, she at least had her own style with her hair bun and long sleeve, striped dress.
“School was interesting today.”
As we sat in the living room, I proceeded to tell the tale of Trisha the Terrorist.
“Wow, I didn’t think something like that would happen at Blackwell. You want to go visit your friend?”
“Of course. I was wondering if you were willing to bring friends along.”
“I can and I will. It is great that you found a great person and fighter. I am proud of you.”
“Thank you, mother.”
I began to leave the room when my mom stopped me.
“Yes?”
“Remember to watch out for your friends. You can’t let something like that happen again. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
After hugging my mom, I strolled upstairs to my room. Once in my small, yellow-walled room, I sighed and lied onto my bed. Trisha the Terrorist and Anthony the Anethetized. Trisha definitely wasn’t worth it, but I needed to know. I had to get my answer. To finish the day off, I allowed the sandman to put me to slumber.
Wednesday, another day for a new student. I hoped they were a normal student and not another form of Trisha. It was a shame I couldn’t look into the future.
After cleaning myself and getting dressed, I dawdled down stairs. As usual, mother already departed, but father was in the kitchen making himself a sandwich. I did say I had a normal life, but my father wasn’t a normal father.
David Caufield was the type of father to push himself away from others, even his own son and wife. He’s not an awful parent, but he could learn to be a better one. Two things I can say I inherited from him was his smarts and love for green since he always wore a green sweater.
“Good morning, father.”
Without taking his attention off of his sandwich, he replied. “Good morning.”
The usual routine was that I saw father in the morning and mother in the evening and night. Because of their jobs. Instead of trying to exchange words, I grabbed a banana and left.
“Knox,” father said strongly before I could leave.
“Yes, sir?”
“Don’t be fooled easily. Make sure you’re always a step ahead of everyone.”
Even though father pushed himself away, he still found out everything happening in my life.
“Thank you, father, for the advise. Have a nice day at work.”
I left without him saying anything back. As I made my way to school, I greeted everyone I came across with a smile. I couldn’t let something like Trisha happen again. 
When Riley found me, we had a small conversation about random topics that didn’t include Anthony or Trisha. Then, the bell rang, and we separated. Per usual, official information on the new student wasn’t given until lunch.
“Class, this is Nix--”
“No! The name’s Next, and you’ll all call me Next!”
The new student shouted in Riley’s first block. The boy’s tone immediately put everyone off. Meanwhile, Riley was smiling with her hand raised. 
“Is that a nickname? Why are you called Next?” she questioned.
“It’s none of your business. Just call me Next!”
Along with his voice, Next’s appearance was also threatening and hostile. His dark, spiky hair didn’t reach his shoulders, his red eyes pierced everyone in the room, and his untucked shirt yelled delinquent.
“Okay… Mr. Next. Take any of the empty seats,” Mrs. Debby sighed.
“Does anyone else call you Next or do they call you Nixon?” Riley asked.
It seemed that the name ‘Nixon’ set the boy off. He stomped his way to the girl with an angered expression.
“Call… me… Next,” he growled in Riley’s face.
The third ranked fighter just responded with a silly expression. After, the boy trod to his seat.
“After that, he was quiet for the rest of class,” Riley informed me.
“He sounds unstable. Unless he changes, there’s no way I can manage him.”
“He’s the kind of guy who starts fights. It should be interesting watching him from afar.”
“Changing the topic, did you do the homework for fourth block?” I asked.
“Of course I did, even though I almost didn’t. Did you forget that I’m an amazing student?”
“Well, excuse me, ma’am. I was just checking since you have a lazy vibe coming from you.”
“Well, I’m offended. Maybe I won’t let an offender manage me after all.”
Riley was a fantastic fighter with no manager, so I couldn’t mess up winning her over. However, I could hear the lightness in her voice, so I played along. I got out of my seat, grabbed Riley’s hand, and kneeled like I was the prince to her princess.
“My lady, please accept my dearest apologies. I did not mean to offend thee. I will do anything to appease you.”
I spoke with my eyes closed and looked up at her when I finished. At first, she was staring at me with a calm, normal expression, but instantly it changed into a wicked grin.
“Oh, Prince Knox. I don’t know if I can forgive you after that.” Signaling the end of lunch, the bell rang, and the entire cafeteria began to move. “I think I need some time away from you.”
Riley rose with her tray, making me step away and walked away. I really hoped that was just some type of teasing. Following behind, I threw away my tray and went off to class. Fourth block wasn’t too important especially since Mr. Matthews did not pick up our homework. 
So, class ended, and Riley and I waited for Jonah outside of the school building. Once he was with us, we continued to my house.
“I really hope the drug didn’t have too much of an effect on Abby,” Riley said.
“That’s what we all hope. We’ll see soon enough, but I bet he’s just fine,” I commented. 
“If he’s not better, I’ll beat him till he is,” Jonah stated with a stone cold expression.
“I’m sure that’s against the law, Jonah,” I lightly chuckled.
“Hey!” a voice called out.
In response, our group turned to see Next with his red bookbag.
“Either bed head or red eye, fight me right now.” Next began to stroll towards us.
“Come on, Nix. We kind of have somewhere to be,” Riley said.
The boy’s backpack hit the ground as he ran at us.
“What’s wrong with this guy?” Riley asked.
“Can you please calm down, Next? We don’t want to fight,” I tried.
Without saying anything, Jonah darted towards Next.
“Oh no,” I mumbled.
The two attracted eyes upon clashing fists.
“Jonah, please don’t break the law,” I warned.
“I’m fine. You two can leave without me. I’ll fight Next.”
“That name is so weird,” Riley sighed.
“No, Jonah. I don’t want you to get arrested,” I continued. 
“I’m not stupid.”
Jonah quickly grabbed Next’s wrist and bent it back. In response, Next threw his right fist, and Jonah blocked, still sliding back from the impact.
“Before we go any further, we’re getting a ref and a crowd.”
“As long as it doesn’t take too long,” Next responded.
“Tell Anthony I said yo and I want to fight when he gets out,” Jonah said before heading back to Blackwell with Next.
“Well, I guess it’s just us two,” Riley said.
That Jonah really knew right from wrong, and he had a killer fighting instinct. Maybe I should have recruited him.
Well, moving on, my mother drove both Riley and I to the hospital. It was a ways away, but we made it in one piece.
“Room two fourteen is the room you want,” the kind receptionist told us.
“Thank you very much.”
So, we took the spacious elevator up to the second floor. Once the doors opened, we were a little surprised to see two men standing outside of room two fifteen. However, I wasn’t too surprised when noticing that one of the men was my father.
Chapter 16
Interrogation
“Father, I guess you’re here to interrogate Trisha,” I said.
“I am, and Knox, I need you to talk to her for me. She won’t talk to me, but she might slip up if it’s you.”
I didn’t mention before, but my dad was a detective. I guessed he was trying to figure out why Trisha attacked us and if she worked with others. 
“I’ve been wondering why she did it. I’ll talk to her,” I said.
“Make sure you come to Abby’s room right after,” Riley said.
Father nodded his head to his comrade, letting him hook up a wire to me.
“Be sure to get close once she talks.”
“Okay, I’m going in.”
The women strolled into Anthony’s room while I went into Trisha’s. Upon entering, I could feel the tension and cold air. The room was dark since the curtains were closed. The only light in the room came from a lamp next to her bed. 
Going against my father, I quietly took off the wire and laid it beside the door. Then, I cautiously proceeded forward. As soon as I turned the corner, Trisha jumped up in a flash with her hospital gown and make-up on.
“Knox!”
The girl crouched on her bed and prepared herself like a prey in fight or flight. When she did, I realized that her nails were off.
“They stripped you of everything, didn’t they?”
“You’re lucky they did, but I can still fight you.”
Trisha hopped off the bed and kept her eyes on me.
“I didn’t come to fight, Trisha. I just want to know what I did to you.”
“You’re with the cops, aren’t you? I won’t talk.”
“I’m not with them. You can check me if you want. ”Slowly, Trisha approached me. “I’m only here to know why.”
The girl blushed a little as she frisked me.
“Haha! What is this?”
Trisha pulled out my wallet from my back pocket.
“I don’t know if you have ever seen one, but it’s a wallet, Trisha.”
“Shut up! I know what a wallet is.”
Like I thought, she started rummaging through it.
“I already knew this stuff,” she mumbled while throwing my ID aside.
“That’s the thing, Trisha. You seem to know me, but I know nothing about you. Were we friends or anything else in the past?”
Trisha stopped once she took out a twenty dollar bill.
“I- We were very close… until you ruined everything. Now, I won’t stop until you’re dead.”
Trisha shoved the money in my face. After a second, I swatted it away. However, the girl surprised me when she suddenly had a kitchen knife in her left hand. 
I instinctively back-stepped once she thrust the blade at me. I luckily only took a graze on the cheek, but that didn’t mean Trisha would stop. The girl let out a quiet, psychotic giggle as she slashed in every direction. I, somehow, kept up with her without laying a single finger on her. 
When Trisha thrust the knife once again, I stepped towards her, slapped the blade downwards, and shoved her right shoulder with my palm. However, she didn’t go anywhere since I quickly took a hold of her hand and the knife’s handle.
“You think you’re so smart and strong. I’m going to shut you down sooner than later.”
Trisha moved the blade up so that the tip touched my wrist, luckily not piercing it yet.
“Everyone you care for will mourn over your grave. Maybe your drugged friend will be buried next to you.”
As soon as she made that remark, my body reacted. My knee flew up and impacted Trisha’s stomach. Unfortunately, on impact, I didn’t feel her stomach but a softness. In response, I released her and jumped backwards.
“You’re not the only smart one. I can’t believe you forgot.”
Trisha lifted her gown to reveal a roughly cut pillow that was tucked into her black underwear. I didn’t think she would plan something like this. I actually have a worthy adversary.
“Why aren’t you calling for help like a little girl? Do you think you can handle me by yourself?” Trisha questioned.
“Like I said, I’m here to figure out why. I won’t do it by fighting, but I will use self defense if I have to.”
Preparing myself, I got into my stance.
“This is hilarious. You couldn’t even fight when we were younger. You always had to rely on tricks and your mind to get what you wanted. It won’t work on me.”
Trisha poised her knife, getting ready to attack. Damn. I needed to find a way to disarm her and make her spill the past. I just needed to think. 
Right when she stepped towards me, I thought of something. Trisha swiped her weapon horizontally, so I back-stepped again. Once she swung diagonally, I stepped forward, stopped Trisha’s arm by guarding with mine, and threw my other arm down.
“What are you going for?!”
The girl threw a kick, but I moved too quickly. I flung my arm upwards, throwing up her gown and getting a full view of her stylish underwear. Just like I thought, Trisha went wide-eyed with a little blush in her cheeks. 
Before she could screech, I quickly groped her left breast and forced her onto the bed. Believe it or not, this is the first time I’ve ever done this to a girl. It’s a shame too. I couldn’t really feel giddy due to the circumstances. What came next not even I could predict. I heard the knife cling after hitting the floor while staring at Trisha’s lewd expression.
“More, Knox. Keep going.”
Her words made me blush. I was actually speechless, but my body still reacted, hand squeezing and Mr. Willy waking up. In response, the girl made a little moan.
“Y-You said we were close. We weren’t close enough to do this sort of thing, right?” I questioned.
“Who cares? Just keep going.”
I took away my hand and stepped away from Trisha, allowing the gown to cover her back up.
“Noo, why did you stop? Unleash your feelings and use me as you wish.”
Trisha bounced onto the hospital bed so that she was sitting on the edge. Then, she lifted the gown and spread her legs, causing me to blush and turn away.
“Go on and do more.”
“No.” I focused on Trisha’s face to get back on track. “I’ll… continue if you tell me what happened between us.”
“You seriously don’t remember?”
“I wouldn’t be here if I did.”
We stared at each other’s eyes before Trisha sighed.
“You better follow on your word afterwards.”
I was actually hesitant for once. “I promise.”
So, Trisha began to tell me of a period in my life that somehow escaped my memories. 
Chapter 17
Knox’s Past
She started at the middle of sixth grade at a school named Milis middle school, around the time Trisha transferred in. She was in most of my classes, so the teachers gave me the honor of escorting her around. From here, Trisha will take over until finished.
－－－－－
“At first sight, my heart fluttered, and it continued every time I was around you. I fell for your personality, looks, and way of thinking, pretty much everything about you.”
Knox was the typical gentleman who would do anything to help, at least that’s how it first appeared. Over time, the two of us grew close, so that meant Knox could trust me. The Knox you all know is the friendly, gentleman who lends his hand out to others. However, it was different in the past.
“Would you like to join me?” he asked me on a Wednesday afternoon while we were in the cafeteria.
“I would love to, but in what?”
Before I transferred, Knox’s play was already going. He stole things from people that they valued, no matter if it was their money or even a toy. At that time, I couldn’t say no since I didn’t want to lose him. So, I joined him in his conniving games, getting smarter and trickier so that I wouldn’t let him down.
We did things from gambling to stealing to full on lying to people and blaming it on others, causing fights and suspension. I was so fascinated at how easy Knox made it look. He didn’t hit a single bump in any of his plans. At times when I thought a plan would fail, Knox easily overcame and bypassed without a problem. 
He inspired me to expand my knowledge so that I could stand by his side, one day becoming his bride. He was a selfish person who only cared about himself and schemes, but I still loved him. Unfortunately, it all broke apart one day.
On a Friday, Knox had a plan to steal from all of his teachers and the strongest fighter at Milis. The teachers were easy since they loved Knox, but the fighter was the problem. Knox’s plan was to distract the boy with me while he slipped out his wallet from his back pocket, as simple as that.
Sadly, the boy didn’t really fall for it. As soon as Knox slid his hand into his pocket, the fighter immediately threw his arm back, hitting Knox and knocking him into the lockers.
“You bastards won’t steal from me. I know all about your games,” he said.
While Knox was on the floor, I protected him. The commotion caused a couple of staff members to flock to us.
“Whoa, what’s going on?” a man asked.
“Well, I was trying to confess my love to Trisha when Brent hit me,” Knox lied.
“They were trying to steal from me!”
“Alright, you two. Separate now.”
So, Knox and I went one way while Brent went another. While we were walking, Knox snickered as he showed me Brent’s wallet. After, we ran before he could notice. We finally stopped in a stairwell to catch our breath.
“We did it, Knox. That was too easy.”
“That’s why we use the simple plans on the simpletons. Good work.”
My partner held out his arms as if he wanted a hug. So, I went for it without thinking. That was my mistake. Once I did, Knox slyly slipped out a sewing needle and jabbed it into my stomach, causing me to gasp.
My dreams were shattered in that instance. I didn’t think Knox would betray me like that! Because of shock and pain, I fell onto my ass and hit my back against the wall.
“W-Why, Knox? Weren’t we soulmates?”
“You shouldn’t have been so love-struck, Trisha. You might have saw the cliche betrayal coming. Maybe if you were smarter and more focused you would have seen it coming.”
After searching me for my wallet that was taped to my body, Knox gave one last word of scornful advice.
“In the future, you really shouldn’t trust anyone, especially a genius. I’m not too sorry, but I will say something that will put your heart to rest. I never had feelings for you.”
Knox completely stepped on my heart after it was already in pieces, like civilians easily walking on litter or ants. Then, Knox walked out of my life. When I came to school on Monday, I found out that he moved. He ran away before I could have my revenge. From that day on, I vowed that I would kill Knox. Even though it was just a needle prick, he betrayed me, and I wasn’t going to let it go.
So, I studied hard, made my own tricks, and by chance was scouted to join the high school he was going to. That’s how we ended up here. I guess I’m throwing the narration back to Knox now.
－－－－－
As Trisha told the story, I felt like it was about someone else entirely because I had no memories of my middle school years. The farthest I could recall was grade, the time I met Anthony. Seventh and sixth were blanks. Was I really that evil? Was I attempting assault and battery for something so petty?
“That’s why I’ve hated you ever since. Unfortunately, there’s still a part that loves you. I’ve tried to kill those feelings over the years, but they won’t go away, so I embraced them. Now…”
Trisha jumped into a provocative position.
“Like you agreed, let’s continue.”
“One second please.”
Maybe I purposefully forgot my past because I hated myself for it. What if Trisha was just messing with my head or what if she mixed me up with someone else? I did end of dying my hair. I couldn’t take her lightly, but I did make a promise.
Chapter 18
Jonah vs Next
While I… live up to my promise, let’s switch over to Jonah’s perspective who was left behind.
“Tell Anthony I said yo and I want to fight when he gets out,” I said before heading back to Blackwell with Next.
“Red eye, what’s your name?” Next asked me while throwing a punch my way.
“You have me for three classes. Why weren’t you listening?” I blocked with my arm and shoved him away.
“I forgot it already.”
The boy threw a sideways kick, so I guarded that with my leg.
“That means you don’t deserve to know it, Nixon.”
Next let out a roar as he started a barrage of punches and kicks. In response, I went on the defensive. The two of us got into a cartoon-like scuffle as we traded blows.
“You two are pretty rowdy, aren’t you?” Ms. Davis stated the obvious, so we paused, my fist on Next’s cheek and his hand grabbing my collar.
“Do you two really want to get arrested?”
“Can you just watch us? I want to get started already,” Next said angrily.
“You have no manners, do you? Fine, I’ll watch over your fight, but we need a crowd first.”
“Ahhhh!” Next roared as he headbutt me, that piece of shit.
I slid back and shook my head. Before I could do anything, Ms. Davis stood in between us with her hands held out.
“That’s enough, Next. I don’t want to beat up a kid.”
“Beat me up?” Next raised his eyebrow.
“Oh, no. I should have phrased it better,” Ms Davis said.
“You think you can beat me up? You can go ahead and try!”
Next dashed towards the woman with determination in his eyes. This time, I was able to act. While Ms. Davis stepped back, I jumped towards Next with my right arm cocked back.
“Come at me, red eye!”
The boy roared once again as he threw his left fist. I could feel the boy’s strength on impact once it landed, and it was stronger than Anthony’s. 
Just like I did before, I quickly clutched his wrist, but he learned. He twisted his hand around, grabbed my wrist, and threw a right kick. So, I guarded with my left leg. 
“Damn, this dude has some strength,” I thought.
Sadly for him, I withstood it. At that point, Next planted his right foot on my thigh and did a little hop off of his other foot. Once he threw his kick, I quickly grabbed it to stop it. Even if it was all improvised, we looked like fight choreographers for a movie.
Then, both of us let go, and Next did a handstand to get back on his feet. I hopped back to Ms. Davis and prepared myself. This is exactly what I wanted, someone who could keep up with me. I couldn’t wait until one of us was on the ground. A wide grin spread across my face as I thought about it.
“Don’t just defend, red eye. You’ve yet to hit me. If you don’t start trying, I’m going to put you in the hospital,” Next threatened.
“You can try, dumbass. Take me out before a mistake happens to you.”
I couldn’t help it at this point. I was too excited to see Next’s full power.
“There’s no point in stopping you two. You’re lucky that you have somewhat of a crowd watching,” Ms. Davis said.
I glanced to my right to see Mr. Jones in the parking lot, just watching. That meant I could go as far as I wanted, legally anyways. This time, I charged first. Next smiled as he did the same. I’ve already got a taste of his strength. It was time to see if he could truly keep up.
When we reached each other, I threw out a flurry of speedy jabs. Instead of dodging, Next ran through the flurry with a one-armed shield and his right arm held back.
“Okay, he can keep up, and he has the defense to boot. Good,” I thought.
As soon as he launched his quick right through my barrage, I stopped and leaned back, barely avoiding his bullet of a fist. To retaliate, I threw a left jab, but Next just moved his head to the right. His next move was a bit childish though!
The boy stretched his neck and bit my wrist, causing me to wince a little. Then, he swung his left fist, trying to catch me off guard. Unfortunately, I was caught off guard.
Next’s fist connected before he grabbed my collar with his other hand. Finally, he lunged his right knee, but I had enough. I halted his knee with my right hand and faced him, showing him my evil grin.
“You ready to get serious?” I asked with my crazy showing.
“What’s been keeping you?”
One last time, we let each other go, leapt back, and ran in again. I didn’t know if I should be calm or crazy to fight Next. Crazy matched his berserk attitude, but calm allowed me to really read him. Screw it. 
Crazy it is! I kept my grin on as we both threw our right fists.
“Bloody knuckles!”
The two of us unleashed a bombardment of fists, hitting each other’s knuckles every time. A psycho laugh exited my mouth as we went on for a good minute. After the minute, my fists were actually hurting, so I slowed down. I couldn’t tell if Next was hurting because his speed didn’t lower.
At that moment, I completely stopped right as the boy’s fist surged towards my face. Don’t worry though. I had enough strength to crouch and step towards him.
“Is that all, Next?!”
The fighter smiled as I launched a right uppercut at him. Was my fist going to connect and win me the match? Well, not the uppercut at least. I feinted the upper and threw my left fist after seeing Next’s sneaky left fist. We both swung our left fists and struck each other, Next hitting me in the face and me hitting his stomach.
Like a mirror image, we both fell onto our backs. Thankfully, neither of us bled, but I didn’t win either. Next and I just lied on the grass, tired from overexerting ourselves.
“It looks like you two had enough. Let’s call it a draw for now,” Ms. Davis said.
Once she helped me up, Mr. Jones jogged over to help up Next.
“Kids these days are too wild. I haven’t seen a clash like that since you and Allison fought,” Mr. Jones recalled.
“Come on, Harry. You can’t say stuff like that. These kids will think I’m the same age as you.”
Next and I were barely conscious. We walked side by side, so I glanced towards him. The boy smiled an innocent, childish smile with his eyes closed. Today was a pretty good day.
Chapter 19
The Visitors
…Drugs are a hell of a thing, kids. Don’t take them and don’t be pressured to do them. There, that’s the inspirational message of the story.  Anyway, I was finally waking up in a well lit room. My head was aching a little, and I felt dizzy. 
“Man, how did I get here?” I thought.
 I remembered Trisha had pricked me with her nail, and everything after that was blank. I guess Riley and Knox helped me through my trip. While holding my spinning head, I moved to the edge of the bed and hung my legs off the side. When I did, I immediately felt super sweaty. 
Oh, man. It must have been a side effect to the drugs. Maybe I wasn’t okay yet. How exactly did the two of them help me? As I thought, the door to my room opened. I noticed it was Riley and Mrs. Caufield once they turned the corner.
“Abby! You’re up,” Riley smiled.
“Hey, glad to see I got some visitors to see me.”
“Are you feeling okay, dear?” Mrs. Caufield asked.
“No, not really. I feel like I’m gonna throw up.”
“I’ll get you a bucket in case you need it.”
Knox’s mom dawdled off to the bathroom.
“So, how was it being drugged? I’m thinking about trying it myself,” Riley joked; I hoped.
“Well, you know. I don’t really know what happened, so I can’t really tell you.”
“Damn,” Riley said with a disappointed expression as she looked away. I really hope she’s joking about it.
Mrs. Caufield came back with the bucket and set it beside the bed.
“Thank you.”
“Have your parents visited yet?” the woman asked.
“I think they did. I vaguely remember two figures that looked like them.”
“I bet they were worried. I know I was joking, but I would be worried too,” Riley chimed in.
“By the looks of things, you only received mild side effects of the drug. It could have been worst,” Mrs. Caufield stated.
“I know, and I’m thankful it wasn’t. Hopefully, this will just pass over. By the way, what happened to Trisha and Knox?”
Riley went ahead and explained the situation that occurred when I was drugged up until now.
“She really did drug me,” I mumbled.
“Like I said, apparently, she and Knox have history. I can’t wait to hear about it,” Riley said.
“Well, Anthony, I’m glad to know that you’re not too hurt. I’ll be taking my leave now,” Mrs. Caufield said.
“Thanks for visiting, Mrs. Caufield. You care for our youth.”
The woman let out a little giggle. “I try my hardest.”
Then, she exited the room.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen her. Knox really does look like her.”
Thankfully, my sweats went away, and I was already feeling better. It would be great if I was back at school the next day, right? That’s something I never thought I would say.
“Hey, Anthony. Are you really feeling okay?” Riley asked seriously.
“Yeah, I’m fine. My sweating stopped, and my head’s not spinning. I should be a hundred percent after more rest.”
“That’s good. I can’t wait to see you on your feet again. It’s a shame this had to happen a few days after we met.”
At that moment, I recalled the moment we had on Blackwell’s roof.
“Did you already catch feelings for me, Riley?” I asked with a sly expression.
“Ha!”
To my disappointment, my new friend let out a quick laugh that echoed throughout the room.
“I’m sorry. You just caught me off guard.”
“Probably the only time I’ll be able to.”
The two of us smiled as we abandoned the topic and talked about Next, the new student. Crazy how his name was the same as the restaurant my parents went to.
After about what felt like a hour, Riley said her goodbye and left me alone. Knox didn’t show up yet, so you wouldn’t guess who my next visitor was. It was… Celia the annoying!
“Oh my fucking god! Why is she here?” I thought as I quickly covered my head with the blanket.
Before I did though, I noticed her clothes. Celia strolled into the room with a pink winter outfit, and her hair was tied into pigtails, the same hairstyle she had in middle school.
It’s a good thing she didn’t she didn’t see me turn. Celia scooted a chair to the side of my bed in silence and sat down, checking me and the room with her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” she started with. “I’ve been a bitch to you for a while now.”
Yes, you have, you bitch.
“I didn’t realize it until Sunday. After I ran out of your house, I cried for a good while and thought back on what I did. It really helped a lot. I haven’t had a good, long cry since my dad died.”
“I thought your parents raised you better,” my mind recalled.
Oops… I forgot.
“I was pissed at you for a little bit, but that’s what got me thinking. I was really gloomy when I was little, but my dad changed that. He made me the smiling sunshine I am today. Sadly, he died in a construction accident when we hit the eighth grade.”
She couldn’t tell, but I was feeling a tiny bit bad under the cover.
“Once that happened, I vowed that I would always smile and be nice to everyone I talk to. I know you’re wondering why I averted from that vow.”
You’re damn right I am.
“In the eighth grade, I didn’t realize that I changed until you said something at the end of the year, which was a long delay to point it out might I add.”
Shut the hell up.
“During that summer, I remembered my vow, but I didn’t want to lose you as a friend. So, I decided to be the bitch since you already said you didn’t want to be friends. In a way, I did break my vow. I’m sorry for doing that to you. I’m sorry for helping Chance, for annoying you every day, and for not letting you live peacefully.”
Oh, no. I was falling asleep. I needed to move. As soon as I moved, Celia sprung up with a scared look. All I did was flip over with my eyes closed though. Celia let out a sigh of relief.
“Good, you’re not awake. Oh my god. It feels so good to vent.”
At that moment, I felt Celia’s hand touch my shoulder, scaring me a little.
“Even though you’re not listening, I’m sorry, and I will try to be nicer from now on.”
After that, her hand moved, and I could hear the door open and close a couple of seconds later. 
I didn’t think Celia would ever apologize. I think I’m catching feelings for her again. Not! Until I see her follow up on her word, I won’t take it easy on her. 
However, I should apologize about the parent thing. She used to talk about him everyday. When he died, she didn’t come back to school for a whole week. When she came back, she didn’t say a single word about him and just continued on with a smile, never showing another frown ever again.
Oh, man. I wonder how everything will go when I get out. Throwing the cover off, I turned in bed so I could face the ceiling. While I was thinking, my homeboy Knox finally came in.
“What’s up, buddy!” I bellowed.
“Hello, Anthony. I’m guessing you’re feeling better now.”
“Enough to sit up and yell. Where were you?” 
Knox took a seat before replying. “That’s one secret I have to keep.”
“You were probably all over that Trisha girl.”
“You’ll never find out,” Knox smiled.
“I’m guessing Riley already visited you.”
“Yeah, she did. We had our own little fun,” I slyly smiled.
“You’re slowly showing me more and more of you, Anthony.”
Just like Riley, Knox and I went on and talked about light little topics so that the atmosphere wouldn’t be so tense. After a while, Knox said his goodbye and left me alone. No more sweats, no dizziness, and no headache meant that I was already feeling better.
Hey, maybe drugs don’t affect me. Nah, I’m just kidding. I really hope Riley wasn’t serious back then. 
Chapter 20
Third and Fourth
What can I say? A new day, a new student. After leaving my home, I received a message from Anthony saying that he was getting out of the hospital today. Also, he wasn’t coming to school because his parents wanted to make sure he was fine. That’s actually a good idea.
Trisha was also getting out, but she was going to the detention center. If I’m correct, she’ll get a probation officer after that. Oh, yeah. You’re probably wondering what happened with Trisha and my father. Well, after doing what I had to do, I exited Trisha’s room with the removed wire.
“Did you get it?” David questioned.
“No, father, I didn’t.” I chose to be straight with him. “However, Trisha admitted to her drugging Anthony. She confessed that she was trying out a new drug in a fight. That is all.”
My father eyed me. “I know you’re not telling the full truth, Knox. I can’t take your word for it.”
“Why would I hide anything, father? I took off the wire so she would trust me, and she did. Other than her endangering my fighter, what reason would I have to lie?”
He was right though. He probably already knew since she was attacking us, but I left out both of my and Trisha’s assaults on each other. I did this to her, and so I must make up for it. 
For the time being, my father continued his investigation without taking my word. As for my promise to Trisha, I’ll leave it to your imagination.
“Knox!” Riley called as she caught up to me.
“Good morning, Riley. You’re glowing, as ever.”
“Oh, you tryin to flatter me so that I’ll be your fighter?” the girl teased.
“The thought didn’t even cross my mind. We agreed that I would ask tomorrow.”
“Oh, you’re such a gentleman. You don’t pester women like most men.”
“Well, I do try to live up to my creed: ‘Live as a gentleman, Die as a gentleman’.”
“I thought it would be more fancy sounding than that.”
“I am fancy, but my creed is a simple one.”
“So, you think the new student will be a bad one like the last two we got?”
“What can I say really? I just hope for some good, interesting people. I don’t want to say the others were bad, but they were at least interesting.”
“As long as they aren’t a problem, right?”
Luckily, the new girl was in my first block.
“Class, please welcome Lyn Stacy. She just arrived from Florida, and I’m sure she’s happy to be here,” Mr. Graham said.
Well, she didn’t look like she hated everyone. The girl wore a blue uniform shirt with a dark green jacket over it. I also noticed her black bangs under her hood.
Lyn didn’t say one word, even when others said hi. She just nodded and headed to an empty seat. She didn’t look nervous or shy, just quiet. Once she sat, class went on and when it ended, I stumbled into Lyn right at the door, the two of us being the last ones out.
“My apologizes, Lyn. You may go first,” I said like the gentleman I was.
Instead of speaking, she did a small bow and headed out.
“Hmm, maybe I can get her to talk,” I thought.
As a connoisseur of secrets, this should be my new challenge. So, I followed Lyn out of the room. Her posture declared that she wasn’t nervous at all. She strongly held her books, kept her gaze straight, and no weak points in her stride.
“So, Miss Lyn Stacy. I’ve seen that you’re a part of the Brawl Institution, rank 5. What made you want that rank?” 
Sadly, the girl didn’t reply and just strolled into her second class. Of course it can’t be that easy. I wonder what would make her talk. My mind then recalled the tender moment I had with Trisha. 
Unfortunately, I’m a gentleman. I’ll find another way. In the mean time, I had classes to take care of. The learning sessions went by slowly and so did lunch. There, like the past couple of days, Riley and I discussed about Lyn.
There wasn’t much to say, but there will be when I talk to her more. Unfortunately, I didn’t see Lyn for the rest of the school. At least, not until Riley and I left the building.
“Riley Styles,” Lyn said from behind us.
When we turned, we saw that the girl was staring with her serious expression.
“Yes, Miss new student?”
“I’m challenging you to a fight, tomorrow after school. I’ll finally put you in the place you should be at.”
“I’m sorry. Did I do something to offend you?”
“You have beaten my brother too many times. I will show you your place.”
“I have no idea who you’re talking about.”
“Bryce Kimberly, the 4th rank who keeps challenging you.”
Riley and I looked up to the sky as we imagined Bryce and Lyn side by side.
“Really?” Riley asked. Lyn nodded her head. “Siblings are super close, huh? Okay, fine. I’ll accept the challenge. I hope you have something up your sleeve.”
“I’ll give this fight my all. Don’t you worry.”
After that, we separated from Lyn and strolled to Anthony’s house where we saw him shirtless. After telling us he was working out, we told him about our day.
Chapter 21
Staying the Night
Knox and Riley informed me of their entire day and also Lyn.
“She seems okay but a little vengeful,” I committed.
“I just don’t get why she’s angry. Bryce is the one who keeps challenging me,” Riley said.
“If you win against her, it’ll only fuel her more,” Knox noted.
“Yeah, but I don’t want to lose my rank. It’ll be lame to lose on purpose too.”
“Then keep accepting her challenges just like Bryce. You’re 3rd rank for a reason, right?” I tried to encourage.
“I guess I’ll just take her anger. Maybe she’ll be friendly after a while.”
“She doesn’t seem like Next, so maybe it’ll blow over,” Knox suggested.
“Speaking of Next, I ran into him at a playground after coming home.”
“So that’s why he wasn’t in school today,” Riley said.
“Did he attack you at all?”
“Nope, he just said it was his day off. He did seem a little interested in me though since I mentioned that I fought with Jonah. The results of the fight didn’t come out though.”
“Is that why you’re training? You feel bad about the Jonah fight?” Knox questioned.
“Yeah, that and a fight I had against a girl named Arem. She’s rank 50 just like me now. I forgot to tell you about that one.”
“You know you’re supposed to tell me about every fight you participate in, Anthony, whether it’s casual or ranked. I need to report to the filers and leaderboard handlers.”
“Bad Abby!”
Abby gave me a little slap on the head.
“I know, and I’m sorry. I forgot, but I’ll remember next time. I just have to get stronger and learn my opponents.”
“Who do you have in mind for your next fight?” Knox asked.
“I don’t know yet. Whoever challenges me, I guess.”
“You could do that, but it won’t really benefit you. At that rate, you’ll just be a calm wave until something disrupts you. If you want to get more challenges, you should strive for top 10 and then relax. At rank 50, you’ll only get challenges from people lower than you, and that’s not a good way to grow,” Knox lectured.
Riley nodded her head in agreement.
“Alright, but I’ll challenge people at my own pace. Don’t expect me to go around challenging every single person.”
“That’s fine with me. As long as you’re trying, I’m happy.”
Knox and I smiled as we slapped each other’s hand.
“Yay! Sleepover at Abby’s!” Riley cheered as she lied down on my couch.
“I wouldn’t mind that,” Knox shrugged. “How about I train with you?”
“I mean, if you want to.”
“You two have no dignity, going shirtless with a lady in the room,” Riley said with her eyes closed.
“We said nothing about going shirtless,” I said.
“If the lady wants it, we should give it to her,” Knox stated.
So, the gentleman stripped off his sweater and shirt, revealing his four pack abs. Riley opened her eyes just to see.
“Ooooh, look at you, Knox. You know what you’re doing.”
“I’m not into macho challenges, but how about we see who can do the most push-ups since you’re training?”
“It’s not serious so I’ll do it. Let’s put on a show for Riley,” I said while throwing off my shirt.
Like I said in the beginning, my body was average, but I did have my own smaller two pack.
“You boys really want to make me happy,” Riley smiled.
I can’t really tell if she’s teasing or if she’s a little pervy. Knox and I dropped down to the push-up position to get ready.
“Ready,” Knox started.
“Set,” I followed.
“Go,” Riley lazily waved her hand.
Our super intense contest began! Instead of going faster than me, Knox matched my pace, keeping up with me all the way past twenty. The two of us aren’t super jocks, so don’t expect a thousand push-ups from each of us. We started sweating after 30.
“Don’t let your manager beat you, Anthony. It’ll be embarrassing to lose in front of Riley,” Knox playfully taunted.
Riley was barely watching anyway. She was already half asleep, her eyes drifting off of us. Damn it. I finally broke down at 60, collapsing to the rug. Knox hit 60 but couldn’t do another. He froze holding himself up.
“Geez,” Knox uttered before collapsing.
“Yay… we’re even,” I struggled to say.
By the time I got up, Riley was snoring on my couch. It wasn’t even night yet!
“Are we really having a sleepover?” Knox asked.
“Why not?”
After asking my parents, of course, the three of us stayed in the living room for the sleepover. Knox and I felt like going to sleep, but we didn’t, unlike Riley.
“I did want to see where this path would take me. I might as well aim for top 10,” I said while watching TV with Knox.
“The only thing you have to worry about is other people’s weapons. You’re at a slight disadvantage when it comes to that.”
“I should be fine as long as I avoid them. I just have to keep my guard up.”
“Hopefully, that’s all you’ll have to do. You can’t underestimate anyone.”
“I’ll watch out. The first person I want to challenge is Jonah.”
“Already aiming high. I can’t wait to see that fight.”
“It’ll be an epic one, but I’ll win next time.”
The day progressed, and it turned into night. When Knox went upstairs, Riley sprung up, surprising me a little.
“I see you’re awake,” I stated.
“Soooo, what do you want to do?”
I could tell Riley was messing with me again. She got all close with a little blush in her cheeks. 
“Whooo, boy!” I heard from the top of the stairs.
In seconds, I jumped from Riley as my dad came strolling down the stairs. He took his sweet time as he walked into the kitchen and occasionally took glances at us.
“Hope you kids are having fun and staying appropriate it. I’m just getting some water,” he said.
Once he got his drink, he slowly went back upstairs without another word.
“Well, I’m hungry. I need something to eat,” I said.
“You’re a terrible host. You didn’t even feed your guests,” Riley said.
“Knox ate. You were too busy sleeping. I’m getting something to eat.”
I stood up, but I was immediately pulled back down by Riley. As soon as my butt hit the cushion, Riley planted her lips onto my neck before gently sinking her teeth in. Okay, this was a new level of teasing for me, but I couldn’t say I didn’t like it.
“R-Riley, what are you doing?”
“I’m just having a little snack before the main dish.”
The girl seemed turned on, and it was definitely doing something to me. Alright, then. If she wanted to turn up the heat, I should do the same.
Riley finally took her lips off after a minute, so I quickly placed my right hand on her breast, forcing her to lie down with me on top.
“You really want to turn the heat up past this point?” I questioned.
There’s no way she’ll want to go any further. I pretty much won at that point. Unfortunately, I can never truly win, can I?
“Oh my.” 
I could hear Knox speak from the stairs. So, I turned towards him with a panicked look. Even worse, my mom was standing beside him.
“Anthony! I thought you had Knox!” she yelled.
“Abby is a sex freak!” Riley cried.
“You’re both smart enough to know that I didn’t start this.”
“I don’t know, Abby. You’re like a whole new person with Riley around.”
Before I knew it, the girl vanished from under me. With Riley gone, I explained my scenario until my mom went back upstairs. I could see some confusion telling me that I would have to solve the situation later. Since she was gone, Riley popped her head up from behind the couch.
“I’m like a little shark in the water. You never know when I’ll end you,” she said, pacing back and forth.
At that point, she leapt over the couch and attacked me, trying to get her bites in. Struggling on my couch with the 3rd rank fighter who is now my friend… I didn’t think I would end up here. After getting multiple bites in, Riley finally quit and let me get something to eat. For the rest of the night, the three of us just joked around, watched TV, and fell asleep. The Brawl Institution is going pretty good.
Chapter 22
Army Child
Friday, last day of school, for the week. My alarm woke me up like usual, but I was in the living room. I barely remembered the sleepover we had. 
“Man, why did I do this on a school night?” I thought.
“Rise and shine, my friends. Time for school, the most glorious place there is,” Knox said as he stretched. 
Of course, Riley was still snoring on my couch.
“Riley, we’re leaving without you,” I said.
“Okay, okay. I’m up.”
“I just remembered something. You two didn’t bring any clothes, did you?” I asked.
“None at all other than the casuals we brought,” Knox said.
“Guess we have to borrow some of yours,” Riley smiled, still just lying around.
“I don’t have time to argue. Just hurry up.”
Knox smiled while Riley was surprised for some reason.
“That’s very nice of you, Anthony. I promise to return your clothes as they were.”
“Or you guys could run to your houses and be late for once. Either way is fine.”
I hopped my way upstairs as the two followed.
“Abby’s room,” Riley muttered when we stepped in. “It looks so neat.”
It felt like she was examining my room or something. I pulled out outfits for the two. Knox and I were about the same size, him being a little bigger than me, but Riley was skinnier than me. 
After putting on my clothes, Knox looked normal, and Riley looked pretty okay, but it was still a little too big for her. Just imagine a younger sister trying on her older brother’s clothes.
“This feels right,” she said.
“Stop being weird and let’s go.”
They didn’t clothes, but they did bring their bookbags since they came straight to my house yesterday. After grabbing those, we headed out.
Per usual, we talked about the new student and some other stuff. While in first block, I noticed that Next was present and so was the new student. He looked well built as he stood in front of the class with authority and confidence. He had freshly shaved brown hair, orange eyes, and a formal, white button up. The bell then rang, signaling the teacher to start.
“Hello, kids. Somehow, someway, we have another new student in our class. Maybe because the main character is in our class.” Mrs. Debby tried to say that last part under her breath, but I heard it.
“Please introduce yourself, Mr. Dubois.”
“Yes, ma’am!”
The teen put his left arm behind his back while saluting with his right, showing off his black wristbands.
“My name is Winston ‘Charlie’ Dubois, and I am very ex-excited to be here. I-I hope we can all g-g-get along.”
Winston started off strong, but he stuttered at the end. Now, he was sweating and looking nervous.
“Are you from a boot camp or something?” a random student asked.
“Y-Yes, I am. M-My family is military, and I will join them some day. Thank you f-for the thoughtful question.”
Most of the class didn’t seem to really care. I was one of them, but Riley looked like the one percent that was interested.
“Winston, go ahead and sit in front of Next. Next, raise your hand.”
While Mrs. Debby started the lesson, I watched Winston take his seat and hold out his hand towards Next.
“Hello, sir. I hope we can be friends.”
One on one, Winston didn’t shake and didn’t stutter. He was completely cool and confident, but Next didn’t care. All he cared about was Winston’s muscles.
“Don’t touch me until we fight one day,” Next said, denying his shake.
Sad about the rejection, Winston just turned around in his seat. Luckily, he still had a chance to make a friend since Riley had him for gym.
“Little Winston is so cute. He was so serious, but he was blushing the whole time. He’s even a badass in gym. You two would be great friends, Abby,” Riley informed at lunch.
“He seems cool, but I wonder what he’s like under the boot camp sheet.”
“What does cool mean to you, Anthony?” Knox asked.
“You know, you guys are cool. People who don’t cause trouble, are nice, and mesh well with me.”
“That’s most people’s definition of cool. You have to be unique.”
“You’re starting to sound a little uncool right now.”
“You’re so mean, Abby. You’re supposed to like us no matter what.”
I just shrugged my shoulders. At that moment, Knox gave a signal that Celia was coming, so I ducked down to get ready. Surprisingly, she didn’t try to hit me. Instead, she walked to the side of the table, smiled at all of us, and then looked at me.
“Hey, Anthony. I hope you’re having a good day. It’s great to see you back at school.”
Without waiting for me to talk back, Celia took her leave. It’s not like any of us could respond anyway. We were speechless to see Celia actually turn a new leaf. I didn’t think she would actually do it. Maybe I could finally live in peace.
“Don’t worry, guys.”
I went ahead and told them two about Celia visiting the hospital. They still couldn’t believe it, but it was happening. We’ll see what she does later on. After lunch, I realized that Winston was in my fourth block, art. 
Our table, Riley, Knox, and I, needed a fourth member, so Riley invited him over. 
“Welcome to the table, Winston. These are your new buddies,” Riley said.
“Hello, Winston. It’s nice to meet you,” Knox greeted.
“How’s it going, military boy?” I said.
“It’s nice to meet you both. I’m glad I can sit at your table.”
“Don’t be so formal, Winston. Blackwell isn’t a boot camp,” Riley calmed.
“I’m sorry. My parents are both in the military, so they made up their own boot camp that I went through. Their army friends were also around a lot, so I had to practice routines and courtesies with them. It’s been so long since I talked to normal people.”
“Is boot camp as hard as people say?”
“Real boot camp wasn’t terrible for me, but my parent’s was a lot worse. They pushed me past my limits. A the end of every day, I was on the ground with no breath left.”
Winston playfully quivered as he talked about his parent’s camp.
“Wow. That’s why you’re all buff,” Riley said.
“Are you a part of the Brawl Insitution?” Knox questioned.
“No, but I want to join. I wasn’t able to because of my parents. I told them about it, but they said it was best to just train and wait for the army.”
“You should join, Winston. I bet you’ll easily knock people out with those muscles.” Riley playfully struck the air around her while making sound effects.
“I just hope I don’t lose so easily. I tend to get nervous in front of crowds.”
At that moment, a commotion struck behind us, Knox and I looked back. Two boys argued while the teacher was out.
“Oh, no. It’s about to go down,” Riley commented.
“I’ll handle it.”
Winston stood from his seat and confidently strode towards the two. With one powerful slap on the table, the boys fell silent.
“I’m sorry, guys, but can you please stop arguing? We’re in a positive environment here.”
Winston seemed like a confident and strong hero. I wouldn’t expect less from a military son. Sadly, that image didn’t last long.
“Who the fuck are you?” the standing asshole barked.
As soon as he barked, Winston started shaking, and he couldn’t speak straight.
“I-I’m a-a-a new student.”
Oh, man. He’s actually not good in a conflict. Might as well do something.
“You’re distracting people who are trying to draw. Shut up already,” I ordered, taking the attention away from Winston.
A vein then popped out of the boy’s bald head.
“You bugs think you’re tough if you back each other up, huh?”
The boy strolled towards me with his fists clenched, but Riley appeared in front of him.
“Now, now, homie. We should all be nice.”
The girl clutched the boy’s fist and forced him to unball it at the same time the teacher entered.
“Why are you all standing?” Mr. Matthew questioned.
“Oh, someone dropped supplies, so we all decided to pitch in. Isn’t that right?”
Riley tightened her grip, bending the boy’s fingers back.
“Y-Yes!”
“That’s nice. Now get back to work.”
The situation resolved, we did as the teacher said.
“You’re dead,” the boy whispered to me and Winston. For now, I’ll just keep calling him the boy until I learn his name.
As soon as Winston sat down, he slammed his head into the table.
“I’m such an idiot. Why would I try that?”
“You looked pretty cool for a second until breaking down. It was everyone watching that got to you?” I asked.
“Yeah. I can’t talk in front of groups for too long or else I get shy. Of course, I can’t join the Institution because of it.”
“That’s a real shame. You’re so well built too,” Knox said.
“And you said you wanted to be a part of the program?”
“Yes. That’s why I want to stop that behavior. I can’t get anywhere like this.”
“You should do one of those courage tests. A lot of people do them, and it helps them,” Riley suggested. 
“We’re trying to cure his shyness, not his fears,” I remarked.
“It could work for both, meany. You don’t know.”
“Thanks for the thought, guys, but it’ll take more than that. I’m pretty deep in this trap hole by now.”
I’m not gonna lie. I would like to think of a way to help Winston, but I can Knox already had something.
“If a simple courage test won’t help, I don’t know what will,” Knox uttered.
Well, looks like I can do my thinking later. In fact, I came up with something at that moment.
“Hey, Winston. How about we all do something this weekend? Don’t think about any courage stuff though. We’ll just hang out,” I suggested.
“That’s fine, but I suggest we don’t hang out at my house. You don’t want to meet my parents.”
“Ooooh, you guys can come to my house! I bet it’ll be the best weekend of your lives,” Riley said.
“That sounds interesting. I’m in,” Knox agreed.
“Then that’s what we’ll do. Winston, you want to give out your number or you want us to fight you for it?” I questioned.
After the new kid gifted us with his phone number, we continued our drawings and later left class. Now, if I heard the story right, Riley had a fight with Lyn, Bryce’s sister. I was right because once we got outside, Lyn was waiting with a ref and a crowd.
Chapter 23
Riley vs Lyn
On top of how she looked yesterday, she now had a brown wooden sword in her left hand.
“I hope you’re ready, Riley Styles. This will be the day you lose your rank,” she uttered.
“You know, your brother keeps saying the same thing. Why hasn’t it happened yet?”
“Enough.”
To prepare herself, Lyn threw off her hood, revealing her dyed hair to everyone. Her long hair was black at the top and turned a mixture of purple and red past her shoulders.
“You got this, Riley. Make sure to watch out for that sword,” I warned.
“I got it, Abby. I’m rank 3 for a reason, right?”
Riley stepped into the circle, so the boys and I took front row seats.
“Oh, I know her. She has first lunch with me,” Winston informed.
“Really? Did you two talk?” I asked.
“No, but I did sit at the same table as her, and we didn’t say a single word.”
“Let’s hope she doesn’t turn into Next.”
Lyn and Riley eyed each other while the ref raised his hand.
“If you two are ready, then begin!”
Immediately, Lyn sprung towards Riley, her hair flying through the wind as she did. She was faster than the average person but not Riley. The challenger swung her blade, but Riley dodged and got behind her.
“Come on, Lyn. You should --”
Lyn cut the girl off by spinning and unleashing a flash of attacks. Of course though, Riley didn’t let a single hit connect. She just pushed each one off with her arms.
“Couldn’t even let me finish. Shame.”
At that moment, Riley stopped the barrage by taking hold of the weapon.
“Don’t be all hateful, Lyn. We can be friends.”
“Okay.”
The swordswoman released her sword and threw a left hook at her ribs. Since Riley was no beginner, she let go of the weapon and went to guard with the same hand. Unfortunately, that’s what Lyn planned on. 
With her right hand, the girl grabbed her sword and jabbed it at the 3rd rank’s chest. To keep her from moving, Lyn clutched onto the hand Riley threw to guard. Sadly, Riley didn’t dodge. The sword jabbed her chest and slapped into her neck, stunning her.
“Whoa, Lyn’s no joke,” I said out loud.
Lyn released the stunned Riley and pulled her sword back.
“Goodbye, 3rd rank.”
The sword lunged at Riley. It looked like it was over, but I should of had more faith in Riley. At the last second, when the sword was an inch away from the girl’s head, she stepped to the right, barely avoiding the blade. It even grazed her shirt.
Lyn stood shocked, but she didn’t let it distract her. She quickly hopped back to refocus.
“I thought something was wrong for a second. She scared me a little,” Knox spoke.
“How good are these two?” Winston asked.
“You really don’t know? Riley’s rank is 3 and Lyn’s is 5,” I informed.
Winston put on a laughable expression.
“I’m never challenging them.”
“You were pretty sure I was stunned. Did you try to hit my pressure point?” Riley asked Lyn. 
She remained silent, making it unsure whether Riley was right or not. The challenger then prepared herself by holding her sword out to her left.
“Don’t get all cocky. Even though you got away, you won’t win that easy.”
“If I won’t, then dodge this.”
In an instant, Riley vanished. Because of her speed, all Lyn could do was guard. She held her weapon out in front of her right as Riley appeared in her face. As if her hand was a blade, Riley thrust her right hand out and had it pierce straight through the girl’s weapon, completely shocking her.
“You didn’t exactly dodge,” she taunted.
To finish her off, Riley turned her hand into a fist and pounded Lyn’s stomach, knocking her on her back.
“You won’t win again. You can’t win again. This is the fight you lose,” Lyn uttered.
“I’m sorry, Lyn, but I can’t lose yet. You’ll just have to keep trying like your brother.”
Lyn sluggishly pulled herself up with the broken sword in hand.
“It’s not over until I win.”
The girl then got into a stance with her sword pointed at Riley.
“I’ll defeat you and avenge my brother.”
“You act like I killed him.”
Riley stepped back when Lyn stepped forward. To start off the assault, the challenge slapped the broken sword and sent it at Riley. The girl went to swat the stick away, but Lyn slashed with her left arm at the same time. So, quickly thinking on her feet, Riley caught Lyn’s wrist and moved her head to avoid the stick.
“Sorry, Lyn.”
Before the swordswoman could do anything else, Riley’s free hand impacted her chest, making her fall to her knees.
“Can you continue, Lyn?” the ref questioned.
The girl didn’t respond. She just fell onto her back.
“I guess Riley wins by last woman standing.”
The crowd cheered for Lyn trying her best.
“That was an interesting bout. I can’t wait to see Lyn get better,” Knox commented.
While the crowd dispersed, Riley crouched next to her rival.
“I was serious about being friends. If you want to come to my house tomorrow, here are our numbers. I hope you at least think about it.”
After making sure Lyn could move, Riley left with us.
“That was really amazing, Riley,” Winston complimented.
“Thanks.”
“What were you even planning during the fight? Did she actually hit you hard enough to stun?” Knox and I questioned one after the other.
“What did it look like to you guys?”
“It looked like you were faking,” Knox came out and said.
“I had no idea either way,” I said.
“All right, Knox caught me. At first, I was going to let her win, but then I thought ‘what then’. If Lyn won, she would be satisfied, sure, but what if she stopped trying as hard after reaching her goal? I didn’t want that to happen, so I chose to win.”
“But there is also a chance that Lyn will fall into depression and stop trying all together,” Knox pointed out.
“I had to take that risk. I didn’t want to lose my rank on top of my hypothesis being wrong.”
“Wow, Blackwell really didn’t pick you just because of your rank,” I commented.
“You can’t be underestimating me, Abby! What kind of friend are you?”
“So, Riley. Today is the day. How would you like to be my fighter alongside Anthony?” Knox asked.
The 3rd rank touched her imaginary chin hair as she thought.
“Sure, why not?”
“Is it that easy?” I asked.
“Sure it is. I couldn’t just say no after hanging out with you for a straight week.”
“That’s great to hear. I’ll make sure to inform the officials.”
“Wait, so Knox is managing both of you?” Winston asked, so I nodded. “Knox, do you think you can manage me if I start?”
“I can, Winston, but I have to see you in a fight first. I can’t manage you just because we’re friends now.”
“T-That’s fine with me. Thank you.”
“Look at all of us being managed by one person. We’re all going somewhere,” Riley said.
“Yeah, it looks like we are.”
The sun set as we all messed around and headed home. Everything was going good. It’s the weekend now, and tomorrow we’re heading to Riley’s house. Let’s hope we don’t get attacked or something.
Chapter 24
Hanging Out
Like usual, I accidentally woke up early and ate Saturday breakfast.
“Good morning, everyone! I know you all have been lovin’ fights these days, so Georgia is hostin’ a fun state tournament.” 
Catching my attention, I turned to the TV while at the kitchen counter.
“Friday through Sunday, in Atlanta, Georgia, with the help of many officials, there will be a state tournament free for any residents of Georgia. Spectators from other states are free to come watch, and I recommend you do. Many famous figureheads will be there watching. Again, the tournament will be in Atlanta, Georgia. Be there or be square.”
Oh, man. That ending really sold me. That made me want to see how strong I was. I’ll have to tell the others too in case they didn’t see it. After eating and getting dressed in a casual orange outfit, I left with my dad.
“Yeah, that address is in the community,” he said after I informed him.
We drove a little ways from our house and stopped in front of a silver gate that protected several trees. A runway led into the forest, but the house couldn’t be seen yet.
“Thanks, dad. I’ll wait here.”
“Alright, see you later.”
He drove off, so I pressed a button on the gate. Man, is she rich or something?
“Come on in,” a man’s voice said through the speaker.
Then, the gate opened by itself. Well, I’ll get my answer soon enough. I strolled down the dirt runway until the trees widened, and I could see a large house in the middle of a mowed field. They looked rich, but I get a cabin in the woods vibe.
“Welcome, Abby!” Riely greeted from the door in her nice, casual shorts and T.
“Hey, rich lady.”
“Just because we have a big house doesn’t mean I’m rich.”
“Says the girl with a silver gate protecting her house.”
“Don’t focus on that, okay? You were my friend before knowing this.”
“So I won’t let it corrupt me.”
“Come in already.”
Riley pulled me into her spacious home. We were in the small square lobby with a weird, snake-like plant in the middle and a chandelier over it. To our left and front were long lit hallways.
“Yep, you’re definitely rich.”
All of a sudden, a man appeared in front of me, making me flinch a little.
“Hello, sir. My name is Demetri Bynes, and I serve the Styles family. Any questions are encouraged.”
The man was pretty threatening. His gray mustache was the first thing I noticed about him. It was rough but also clean and covered almost all of his mouth. I like mustaches so I had to get a good look at it. He also had gray highlights in his hair and a black butler outfit on.
“Hey, I’m --”
“Mr. Anthony Beckons. Riley has told me a lot about you. From you nickname, I thought you were a female. I hope to get along.”
“Demetri is the best. He’s even 10th on the leaderboard.”
“I have to get my anger out somehow,” Demetri lightly chuckled.
“I know you love us, Demetri.”
“That I can’t lie about.”
“Come on, Abby. I’ll give you a small tour.” Riley tugged at my arm.
“It was nice to meet you, Mr. Bynes.”
“Same to you, Mr. Beckons.”
Riley and I walked down the left hallway, leaving the butler. The hallway we walked down had several window panes to our left and doors to our right.
“So, how many people live in this giant house?” I questioned.
“Only me, my dad, and Demetri. I’m an only kid, and my mom passed away.”
God damn it. That’s two dead parents I brought up.
“Sorry for asking.”
“It’s cool, Abby. I wouldn’t have mentioned it if I wasn’t okay with it.”
“Anyway, how is it having a butler? It kind of looks weird to have one these days,” I asked.
“Demetri was homeless before, and we gave him a place to stay. After that, he said he couldn’t just leave without repaying us, and so he thought of being the butler. It’s not like we forced him to do it or anything.”
“Yeah, sure you didn’t.”
“Shut up.”
The two of us chuckled as Riley gave me a small tour. It wasn’t as good as mine, but they did have a pool table and a swimming pool. I never knew why people were happy to have rich friends, but now I know.
“And this will be our chill room.”
Riley opened a door to a really pink room. There was a pink rug, pink bed, pink bean bag chairs, a TV with game console, and couple of lamps instead of an overhead light.
“Before you say anything, I only like the color pink. I, unfortunately, didn’t like any other color that went with blue.”
“You’re like the average teenage girl.”
“Shut up!”
Riley playfully hit me. At that moment, a knock came from the door. Demetri opened the door to reveal Knox, Winston, and Lyn, all in their cool-colored winter clothes.
“Your other guests are here, Riley,” Demetri said.
“Thank you, Demetri. Come on in, guys.”
The three walked in and closed the door behind them.
“It’s very pink,” Winston said.
“Of course you made it before us, Anthony,” Knox stated.
“You know nothing can separate us,” I joked.
“And that’s only when we’re playing,” Riley added.
She turned to her new female friend who tried to hide her face with her blue jacket.
“You in love with this room, Lyn?”
“Not at all. Pink’s not my color.”
“Well, we’re here to chill. Exactly what type of chilling will we be doing?” Knox asked.
“Hmm, how about we all go to sleep?”
“We could have did that at home,” I said.
“But we’re together. That makes it better,” Riley said.
“Come on, rich girl.”
After taking off my shoes, I plopped onto the bed. To my surprise, it was a water bed. I’ve never been on one before, and it feels heavenly.
“Nevermind. I’m going to sleep.”
“That was quick,” Winston commented.
“Anything is fine with me other than sleeping,” Lyn said.
“Oh, I know.” I whispered my idea to Riley.
“Oh, okay. I hope you guys are ready to work.”
Winston was the only one to put on a confused face.
Chapter 25
The Plan
After following Riley, the others saw that we were going for a swim.
“This will be our chilling day.” Riley threw off her casuals, revealing her purple swimsuit and jumped into the pool.
“Come on, guys. We might as well join.” I followed Riley and jumped in with my orange boxers since you know, I wasn’t expecting to swim that day. 
“I got all fancy for nothing,” Knox followed.
Winston was hesitant, but he also did the same. The last dry person was Lyn.
“Come on, new buddy. It’s okay even though I’m a shark,” Riley joked.
Lyn shyly looked away from us. “I-I don’t know how to swim.”
I floated there a little shocked. Lyn seemed like the girl to casually know how to do everything.
“It’s okay, little buddy. I’ll get a floaty for you.”
So, Riley climbed out and went to a little closet. When she did, I couldn’t help but stare.
“Anthony, you dog. Why are you just staring at Riley?” Knox asked.
“It’s none of your business, Caufield. Fight me.”
Playfully, I dunked my manager into the water and started fighting in the water. Once Lyn had her floaty, we all began to swim around and play pool games. It was pretty fun since I hadn’t been in a pool in a while. Oh, and don’t worry that it’s freezing outside. Apparently, none of us had a problem with it. After a couple of hours, we became more chill and just floated in the water.
“Did you guys hear about the tournament in Atlanta?” I asked.
Knox and Lyn nodded while Riley and Winston shook. So, I told them about it.
“Next Friday to Sunday? Man, should I enter by then?” Winston asked.
“Only if you’re ready, Winston. In these tournaments, the best of the best usually show up. Maybe the number 1 on our leaderboard will be there. You’ll have to prepare yourself physically and mentally,” Knox informed.
“We should all join. I would love to see all of us in the final four,” Riley said.
“You and Lyn will definitely make it. Us guys may have to work a little harder though,” I said.
“It would be a pleasure to see one of my fighters win a tournament. I, of course, would be standing on the sidelines like a proud manager,” Knox said.
“They later specified the age groups,” Lyn added. “There are two tournaments: ours from grades 9th to 12th and college to late 50s.”
“That means a lot of people will be there to watch both. Ooooh, I want to see the number 1 adult fight!” Riley swam around excitedly.
“Boy, just thinking about it makes me have to use the bathroom. Riley, can you tell me where it is?” Winston asked.
“Sure. It’s right there next to the closet.”
“Thanks.”
Winston climbed out of the pool and left. When he did, Riley vanished and appeared on the edge of the pool.
“Alright, guys. We’re going to initiate the plan.”
“What plan?” I asked.
“The test of courage. We’re going to cure Winston’s nervousness.”
“What do you have in mind?” Knox asked curiously.
“I got it all set up. My dad and Demetri are also going to help.
As I heard the plan, it sounded crazy, but maybe it’ll work for Winston. Riley had different positions for us, so I went outside with Knox and Lyn. Now for max perception, Winston’s point of view.
Dripping wet, I left the pool area and stepped into the changing room. For some reason, it felt like I shouldn’t be at here. Not in the changing room but in the house. I felt out of place. Maybe it’s because I’m just a country boy in a rich person’s house. Man.
After using the bathroom, I went back to the pool. However, the lights were off, and there was just Demetri on Lyn’s floaty. He seriously looked threatening in his black and white Hawaiian trunks.
“Hello, sir, Winston. How are you today?”
“Uh, I-I’m fine. Where did the others go?”
“They went somewhere else which is perfect because I wanted to talk to you.”
In an instant, the man disappeared and appeared on my left, causing me to flinch.
“How would you like to help me kill the Styles family?”
His question shook me.
“What?!! Why would I want to help him with that? This is crazy,” I thought.
“You could help me or you could die alongside them.”
Demetri slipped out a knife from behind his back.
Was it taped to his back? Wait, that doesn’t matter. I won’t help, but my mouth won’t say it.
“I-I --”
At that moment, the pool door sprung open, and Riley came running in.
“You stay away from him!”
My new friend dropkicked as the man guarded, sending him into the pool.
“Come on, Winston.”
Riley grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the room.
“It’s not safe to be around Demetri. I heard all about his plan,” she said.
“What should we do then?”
“We call the police and get my dad. The others are safe for now.”
This all happened too fast. Why is he doing this now? After taking multiple turns in the house, Riley and I finally reached the room her dad was in. The man was tall with sharp black hair and brown eyes. Mr. Styles, with his chiseled features, drank hot cocoa in front of a lit fireplace in robe and slippers.
“Dad, we need to go. Demetri is --”
“Doing what, honey?”
Mr. Styles should have let her finish. The butler appeared behind him, and a blade escaped through his chest, making the man fall to the floor. Riley screamed while I was speechless.
“There’s no way this could be happening, right? Why did this happen? No, no. My parents taught me what to do if I’m ever face to face with a killer,” I thought.
It didn’t look like Riley was going to move, so I swept her off her feet and ran away.
“No witnesses can stay!” Demetri bellowed.
Oh, man. Since there’s a gate around the house and we don’t have our phones on us, I had to look for a room with one. I quickly found a bedroom with a home phone and locked the door behind us.
Unfortunately, the phone wasn’t working, meaning that the line has been cut. Then, there was a calm knock at our door. Following the knock was a knife penetrating the door.
“Crap! Come on, Riley.”
I quickly opened the room’s window and hopped out of it with the girl in my arms again.
“Come on, Riley. I can’t keep carrying you! If you want to get out of here, you need to get a hold of yourself,” I ordered like my parents.
“My dad is dead, alright! Let me mourn a little!”
I shouldn’t have expected a different reply. While running, there was no sign of Demetri, but that didn’t mean I could calm down. To my surprise, when we reached the gate, we saw Anthony, Knox, and Lyn still in their underwear.
“Thank god you guys are safe. Why isn’t the gate open?” I questioned.
“We thought you guys were going to open it. It can’t be opened out here,” Anthony said.
“And it looks like we’re trapped.”
When Knox said that, I spun to see Demetri staring at us from a couple feet away.
Chapter 26
Winston vs Demetri
While the man stared at us, my arms and legs began to tremble a little. Oh, no. Now is not the time.
“Hello, kids. Where are you going?” he asked in a gravelly, gruff voice.
“Away from you, creep,” Riley said.
“Oh, don’t be like that, Ms. Styles. Remember the good times?”
“No, because it all was erased after you killed my dad!”
“Man, you’re really breaking my heart.”
Demetri began to slowly walk towards us with his knife in hand.
“We need to do something,” Lyn said while preparing her wooden sword.
“We can’t really do much since he was an actual knife,” Anthony pointed out.
“T-Then we disarm him.”
I let down Riley so that I could prepare myself.
“You’re going to fight me?” Demetri questioned.
“I-I-I…”
“Don’t worry, Winston. We’re here for you,” Anthony supported.
“Yes, you’re not alone. We’re here with you,” Knox added.
“Thanks, guys, but I have to do this alone. This is a test of courage, isn’t it?”
As soon as I said that, Riley and Anthony went blank while Knox and Lyn kept their poker faces. They could probably be actors with that skill. 
“W-Why are you joking at a time like this, Winston? We saw my dad die,” Riley tried.
“I may be from the countryside, but my parents taught to be smart. Why would all of this happen on the day that we visit you? Demetri could have down it before we got here. Thanks for going through to plan this though. You actually had me when it started, but then I saw your dad die. I thought there’s no way this could be happening.”
“Looks like the boy can actually think.” Demetri dropped the knife, letting it hit the dirt path. “However, I still have to test your mettle!”
The butler darted at me, making my wobbly legs solidify. The skilled man launched his right fist, and I was ready for once. I guarded with my left arm and cocked the right one back. Demetri felt strong through the punch, but it was like he was holding back. It’s probably because he’s giving me a chance.
Taking the chance, I launched my right fist. My opponent tried to guard, but I turned the straight into an uppercut, connecting with his jaw. Instead of giving him a chance to breath, I immediately grabbed his collar and threw my foot behind his.
“Looking to slam me, huh?”
Demetri then kicked the back of my leg, causing me to break the hold and fall to one knee. Right after, his foot connected with my right cheek, knocking me to the others.
“I’m sorry, sir Winston. This may be a test, but I can’t just let you win.”
“You good, Winston?” Anthony asked me.
“I’m fine. My parents beat on me way harder than this.” I got to my feet and spun to my opponent. 
“My next punch will put you down.” I sounded way more confident than I meant to.
“Don’t just say it. Do it.”
The man waited for me, so I decided to dash at him. I was prepared to use the technique my parents taught me. If it failed, then I couldn’t enter the Brawl Institution. I may have been nervous, but I had to keep going.
When I reached the man, I immediately stopped and threw a right hook.
“What will you do next, huh?” Demetri taunted while blocking my punch with his left arm.
From there, the two of us let out barrages of punches. Even while he was holding back, Demetri matched my speed and strength. Luckily, I was able to push off most of them. The man’s last punch connected with my face, but there was a surprise. I didn’t budge a single bit.
“You monster,” Demetri uttered.
I then let out a war cry as I pounded the man’s chest with my left fist. The hit definitely connected since my knuckles dug into his chest. Demetri then landed on his back with a thud.
“Ah, you bastard,” he sighed.
I actually did it. Wait, what just happened?
“That was amazing!” Riley cheered.
“Way to go, Winston,” Knox congratulated.
My new friends surrounded me with their smiles.
“I honestly didn’t think you would do it, sir Winston. Most people crack when it comes to facing conflict. Good work,” Demetri said.
“Oh, man,” I sighed as I collapsed. “It’s cold, and I can’t move anymore!”
Once Anthony and Knox helped me up, we all headed back to the house. I was still having a hard time believing that I won my first fight. Sadly, it was against someone who was barely thinking. Maybe I could get him to try one day.
Chapter 27
The Talk
Once we were back in the house, we cleaned ourselves up and met Riley’s dad, the guy who faked being stabbed in the chest.
“What’s up, little youngens. My name is Jason Styles, Riley’s dad. I hope I didn’t scare you too hard, Winston.”
“No, it’s all fine. How did you fake your own death anyway?” Winston asked.
“I had a blade under my robe and some fake blood Demetri made. Once he touched my back, I pushed the blade through my robe. I’m real glad it was dark. You would have caught the lie if there was more light.”
Mr. Styles seemed like a pretty laid back guy, but he definitely looked threatening like Demetri. After the test of courage, we all ended up spending the night. Of course, Demetri demanded that boys and girls separated, so we got a smaller, all blue room. Around midnight, Winston fell asleep, but Knox and I were still up.
“I’m going for something to drink,” I said.
“Try not to get lost.”
I exited the room and remembered where the dining room was. Coincidentally, Mr. Styles was also in the kitchen, digging through the fridge with his butt stuck out.
“Hey, Mr. Styles.”
The man immediately pulled out of the fridge to look at me.
“Oh, hey, Anthony. Sorry you had to see that.”
“It’s fine. I’m just here to get a drink.”
Mr. Styles went back in to pull out a wrapped sandwich.
“I’m actually glad to see you, Anthony. After getting your drink, can we talk in the dining room?”
“Uh, sure.”
I was already getting a protective dad vibe. He seemed pretty cool though, so maybe he’ll take it easy on me. With a cup of water in hand, I went back to the dining room and sat across from Mr. Styles. 
“So,” he started with food in his mouth. “My daughter has been talking a lot about you recently. Are you two dating?”
Mr. Styles almost made me do a spit take.
“No, no. We’re not dating,” I said after gulping down my water. “We only met a week ago.”
“That’s good to hear. You know, boys at Corbin always wanted something from Riley whether it was sex, money, or her smarts.”
The man finished his sandwich quickly and pushed the plate away.
“I wanna know what makes you and your friends any different.”
For some reason, Mr. Styles got very serious right after eating. It’s like the sandwich had his anger in it.
“Well, sir, I didn’t know she was rich until now, and I’m not looking for sex, but I’ll take it. You know what I’m saying?”
I made a stupid little joke to ease the tension, waving my hands at the manlike when you want people to get your joke. For a second, Jason smiled and waved his hands back, but immediately went back to serious.
“That’s my daughter, Mr. Beckons.”
“Sorry. What I’m saying is that me and my friends aren’t looking for anything but a friend. Riley has made a special place in our group, and we’ll do anything to protect her.”
“Hmm.”
Mr. Styles rose but kept his eyes on me. 
“Even if I was looking for something, I probably would have left after seeing the deadly butler,” I added in, thinking it would be helpful.
“All right, Anthony. I think I can trust you.”
I sighed and then smiled.
“If something happens though, I’ll blame you. Then you’ll have the 2nd best in Georgia on your back like a monkey.”
“WHAT?!!” I thought. “So, you have a 2nd place dad, a 3rd place daughter, and a 10th place butler. This house is filled with monsters.”
“Thanks for having this talk with me, Anthony. You’re pretty brave to make that joke by the way.”
“Uh, thank you, sir. My friends and I won’t cause Riley any harm. We’re all friends now.”
Since we were done, I quickly washed my cup and headed back to the boys room. To my surprise, Knox and Demetri were waiting for me at the end of the long hall.
“You two spies heard it all?”
“The distance my be far, but the echoes really help,” Knox said.
“Mr. Styles seems to enjoy you,” Demetri stated.
“I’m guessing he hasn’t trusted anyone else.”
“Every boy Mr. Styles talked to has been denied permission. None of them wanted to be just friends. Some girls have also been turned away as well.”
“That means we really mean something to Riley,” Knox chimed in.
“Then let’s keep doing what we been doing,” I said.
After getting back to the room, we were taken to dreamland.
Chapter 28
Relaxing Sunday
The next day, I didn’t wake up until around noon. When I got up, I was all alone, no boys and no girls. I didn’t know where they went, but it was quiet and cozy. So quiet and cozy that I didn’t feel like moving. Of course, it didn’t last for long though. Riley burst into the room and saw me awake.
“Why are you still in bed, Abby? Come see the others off.”
“They’re already leaving?”
I climbed out of bed and followed Riley to the gate. The ones leaving were Winston and Knox, so Lyn was seeing them off with us.
“It was fun messing with Winston, but it’s time for us to go,” Knox said.
“Thanks again, Riley. I really owe all of you guys,” Winston said.
“You don’t owe us anything. It’s what friends do.” Riley saluted with her tongue out.
“See you all on Monday.”
The boys climbed into their parents’ cars and vanished in seconds.
“It’s just the three of us. We can still have fun with just three, you know?”
“We had all our fun yesterday so let’s just chill today. When are your parents coming, Lyn?” I asked.
“Never. I’m staying here forever,” she said with a straight face, making us go silent. “That was a joke. My dad will be here soon.”
“That means we still have time. How about a saucy game, but you have to catch me to figure out what it is,” Riley said.
For whatever reason, Riley jogged into the trees.
“I can’t believe I lost to that,” Lyn sighed.
“Are you okay, Lyn? Did you learn anything about Riley from this trip?” I asked.
“Nothing besides her goofball attitude. This trip was pointless.”
“I wouldn’t say it was pointless. You got to hang out with new friends, and we got to know something about you.”
“I hope you forget what you saw. I don’t want to beat you for bullying.”
“Well, since we’re now friends, I have to tease you about something.”
“Oh, man. Look at you two.” Riley appeared behind us and pulled us closer by our shoulders. “You two are already getting along. My plans are amazing,” Riley praised herself.
“Yeah, this is all your plan,” I said sarcastically.
“Abby! I’m getting tired of you forgetting my smarts.”
“Show me something genius you did, and I’ll believe.”
“Everything I do is genius!”
Riley violently shook me while while Lyn watched. At the same time, a car for Lyn showed up.
“That’s me. Goodbye, you two.”
Then, Lyn also vanished.
“It’s just you and me, buddy boy. What should we do?”
Her question made me recall Mr. Styles’ threats.
“Let’s --”
“You two done out there?” Jason boomed from the house.
When we reached him, we noticed he had on a red skin tight shirt, pants, sweatbands, and a fez for some reason.
“Dad, Abby doesn’t want to see you in your work out clothes.”
“Come on, honey. I have to show off my muscles somehow.”
“So a giant house wasn’t enough?” I thought.
“Anthony, how about working out with me? You’ll get to show off for Riley.”
For some reason, the girl snickered. I’m guessing it’s because she’s already seen me working out with no shirt.
“Uuuuh,” I trailed on.
“Go on, Abby. Show off for me.”
Just like a little lifesaver, I heard a car horn honk.
“Ah, I can’t. My parent is here for me.”
“Then we can at least see you out.”
Mr. Styles and Riley escorted me out to my dad’s car. My dad had the window down, so as soon as the adults made eye contact, they narrowed their eyes.
“Jason.”
“Anthony.”
“Yay, you two are friends,” Riley said.
“No, we’re old rivals,” dad said.
“We both liked Addison in high school, and since then we have been feuding over anything and everything,” Mr. Styles informed.
“That’s some intense rivalry,” I commented.
“Does that mean you’ll try to keep me and Abby apart?” Riley clung to my arm.
“Of course not. We only hate each other.”
“We’re not animals,” Jason agreed.
“Well, I’ll see you Monday, Riley. This weekend was fun.”
“Same here, buddy. Can’t wait to do it again.”
After getting in the car and waving, we were off. While in the car, dad asked me the typical questions. 
“Did you have fun? What did you do? Did you do the stuff? Did you find any weaknesses from Jason?”
“Yes, stuff, no, and no.”
I guess their feud was still going. The car ride felt like it was only a couple of seconds since we were talking, but I soon found out that I couldn’t just relax that Sunday. When we entered the house, I saw Celia sitting in the living room with her pigtails on. She wasn’t fake crying this time, but her presence still annoyed me.
“I heard you and Cecelia had a fight. Of course, it would be best if you made up like your mom said, but don’t let her trick you. Stick your ground even it makes her cry. I’m going to bed so don’t make too much noise.”
Dad yawned as he went upstairs. I really thought about heading upstairs too, but I remembered Celia’s hospital visit. I still had to apologize. So, I sat on the other end of the couch and stared at the floor while she stared at me.
“I’m sorry,” I came out and said.
“I’m sorry about the parent comment I made. I forgot about your dad.”
I looked at Celia, and she was a little surprised.
“You were awake, weren’t you?” she asked.
“Yeah, I was. I heard everything.”
“Oh, man. I wanted it to be a surprise.”
“Until I see more, I won’t treat you any differently. I just had to say sorry.”
“I don’t expect you to treat me any differently. I’ve been an asshole, but I do want to start over. Maybe we can be friends again.”
Celia stood and stepped in front of me with her hand held out.
“Honestly, I care about you, Anthony. If I didn’t, I would have probably stopped talking to you.”
It felt like Celia was actually trying to start over. I could tell she meant it because she wouldn’t have made the hospital trip otherwise. Unless she was secret genius that planned this entire thing, she was being genuine. Now, should I start over or not?
The two of us stared into each other’s eyes. Finally, I decided to slap her hand away, making Celia gasp.
“Like I said, I won’t treat you any differently until I see you follow through on your words. When I see that you’ve changed, I’ll officially start over.”
I’m not gullible anymore to just listen to someone’s words. I have to see her be nice for once. I want more of what I saw on Friday.
“I should have known that would be your answer. I was just hoping that it would be the other, but there is a chance, right?”
“...Yes.”
“Then I won’t give up. I’ll get you to like me again, and we’ll be friends like in middle school.”
I really hoped she meant it. Getting old Celia back wouldn’t be so bad. With a nostalgic smile, Celia decided to leave but stopped at the door.
“One of these days, you’ll be mine.”
Then, she closed the door behind her. Let’s hope she follows on her word this time. For the rest of the day, I chilled out and texted friends.
“Anthony, you’ll never believe what happened,” Knox texted me.
“What?”
“It will blow your fighter mind.”
“Just tell me, Knox.”
“Riley lost a fight.”
The shock hit me so hard it punched me in the face and knocked me out of bed.
“To who?! Lyn?”
“No, to a boy named Erick. He’s a friend of the troublemaker at school. Remember the one Winston stood up to in art? It amazes me because Erick’s rank is only 100”
How? How the hell could he beat Riley the Goddess? Either that guy was just better or he used some trick. I had to know the full story, so I texted Riley. No reply. She didn’t even check it since the letter didn’t change from S to R.
Oh, man. I didn’t think it would get her down, but I wouldn’t really know until talking to her. She has to win again, doesn’t she?
Chapter 29
Parent Day
Monday, the beginning of another week and bring-your-parent-to-school day. Anthony never told us, but I found out just in time. He thought he would get off scot-free, but I was going with him. After putting on a nice buttoned shirt to look nice, I stuck my head into his room, but he wasn’t there. So, I hopped downstairs and spotted my child at the front door, slipping his shoes on.
“You were trying to leave me?!” I bellowed down the hall.
“No, you were just going too slow, mom.”
“I move at an average speed, thank you very much.”
“You wanted to go, so you have to keep up.”
Sometimes I hate my son. He’s so much like his dad. Both of them are just too cold sometimes.
“You better be nicer to me or I’ll embarrass you in front of your friends.”
“Go ahead. I have nothing embarrassing to hide.”
“Oh, really? How about the time you ate a bottle of lotion while watching mechanics work on my car? Or when you took bathes with me until you were eleven?”
“Aaaah! I’m already gone!”
I giggled while closing the door behind us.
“I can’t wait to see all your friends. I’ve even been keeping up with your rank. Rank 46 with two wins and one loss. Don’t think I haven’t seen that one casual loss though.”
“I’ll make up for it by getting into the top 10. How about that?”
“That’s my boy. With my strength and your dad’s smarts, I’m sure you’ll get there.”
I roughed up my Anthony’s hair with a wide grin.
“By the way, mom. You’re still in the Institute, right? I haven’t been keeping up with your rank.”
“Hehe. It’s 35 as of last Friday. We may be in different leagues, but you better be on my level soon.”
“We’ll see if it’s anytime soon.”
“Well, good morning, Mister and Mrs. Beckons,” Lucid, Mrs. Caufield for the ones that don’t know, said as she walked with Knox.
“What’s up, Lucid? How you been?”
“Oh, you know, same old, same old. You?”
“It’s been great. I haven’t messed up anything in a week, and what’s even better is that Knox is managing Anthony.”
Both of the boys looked at us.
“It is indeed great. It seems it was meant to be.”
“Come now, madams. It’s not that severe,” Knox spoke.
“It’s something,” Anthony said.
“You’re going to fight today, right? You don’t want to disappoint your mom after making a promise like that,” I said to Anthony.
“We’ll see, we’ll see.”
Anthony waved his hand and continued walking while Knox followed.
“He better fight or I’ll fight him,” I said while pounding my fists together.
“You always were crazy about fighting,” Lucid commented.
“And Anthony is too. He’s the one in the Institute because he wanted to be after all.”
“I hope his skill will get him far.”
We all reached the school after a while and had a little time to hang out before first block. That’s when I saw a familiar face.
“Jason?” I said.
“Hey, Addison. It’s been a while.”
I talked to Jason while Anthony talked to his daughter.
“It sure has. How’s it been?”
“Pretty much the same. You and Anthony still happy?”
“You bet we are. You trying to steal me or something?”
“No, I know Anthony won you over. I’m just making sure my old friend is enjoying herself still.”
Out of nowhere, a shout ruined our reunion.
“Attention!”
Jason and I turned to see a military man and his son standing straight with serious faces.
“Dismissed,” the man said.
Since he said that, his son made his way to Anthony and Riley.
“Good morning. I am Mark Dubois, Winston’s father. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Mark held out his hand towards me. After his strong grip shook my hand, he did the same to Jason.
“Wow, my first time meeting a military man. Anything crazy happen recently?” Jason questioned.
“No, nothing. If something did, I’m sure you would hear it on the news. Our country is safe for now.”
“That’s good to hear. Isn’t that right, Addison?”
“Yeah, yeah, sure. Hey, Anthony. I’ll meet you in first block. I want to say he to an old friend,” I informed.
“Alright, mom.”
That military guy was cool and all, but I had just remembered another reason I came to parent day.
“Who are you going to meet?” Jason asked.
“You can come see if you want, but it might get messy.”
“I’ll have to pass. I want to see how my son behaves in class,” Mark said.
So, he followed his son when the bell rang.
“Looks like we have our own little adventure,” Jason commented.
“If I’m right, she should still be a horrible nurse. Ooh, I wonder if she can still fight,” I thought out loud.
I did a couple hops of joy, making Jason look at me funny. At that point, my old friend and I traveled to the nurse’s office. When I opened the door, I spotted my nemesis sitting in her little chair, trying to look mature like she always did. As soon as our eyes met, we stared each other down.
“Uh, I’m still in the dark,” Jason said.
“Jason, this is Flo, my eternal nemesis,” I introduced.
“It’s Florence, little Addi. I know you weren’t always there mentally, so I have to remind you every now and then.”
Flo stood up when I took a couple of steps in. We had real beef in the past, but we squashed it before leaving high school. Now, it was just a pure rivalry.
“What did you come here for, Addi? You wanted a fight?” Flo said.
“What’s wrong with seeing an old school loser who looked like a troll way back when?”
The two of us butted heads and gritted our teeth as we smiled.
“Well, I’m Jason, also an old friend. Are you really going to challenge her now, Addison?”
“I told you it would get messy. Let’s finally settle this, Flo.”
“I thought you would dodge me all your life. Fine, let’s do it.”
“I never saw this rival, but I should have known you would do something like this,” Jason sighed.
Chapter 30
Addison vs Florence
What had happened was that we needed a ref and crowd, so we interrupted Anthony’s first block.
“Why does the mc have to be in our class?” the teacher sighed as they facepalmed, but I didn’t care.
The crowd surrounded me and Flo in the cafeteria.
“I couldn’t sit still when I heard parent day was coming up. Finally, I’ll put you in your place, and you’ll have to admit I’m better than you, Flo.”
“I’ve changed unlike you, Addi. Wait until you see my new style.”
“This is why I didn’t tell you,” my son sighed.
“Are both sides ready?” the teacher asked.
“You bet your ass,” the woman said simultaneously.
“Then you can start.”
I stepped towards Flo but immediately stopped when she stared walking towards me. Her arms were out to the sides, and her palms faced me. I didn’t have anything to be scared of though. I was always stronger than her. So, I continued and threw out a right hook.
Maybe I shouldn’t have done that though cuz Flo just parried by slapping my wrist down. Then, with her hands posed like snakes, she drilled her other hand into my chest. It hurt like hell, but I fought through and tried to grab her arm. That didn’t work either since she just pulled away and jumped back.
“So your style is all about hitting and running, huh? Figures you would pick something like that,” I taunted.
“Unlike your brutish freestyle, mine requires elegance and precision. This time, I’ll be the one to break the tie.”
Flo ran at me this time, so I put my little boxer guard. She kept jabbing her hands at me, and I blocked most of them, but one got by. In the middle of her barrage, she grabbed her wrist and pulled my guard down just a tiny bit so that she could slap my collarbone. I slid back a bit, but she didn’t give me time to breath.
I growled angrily as I threw a kick this time, but she just ducked it and smirked liked an asshole, pissing me off even more. The duck let her get behind me and ram her elbow into my back, but she still wasn’t done! That senior citizen grabbed my hair, dug her knee into my back, and kicked me away from her.
“Oh, I didn’t think Ms. Davis would have moves like those,” Knox commented.
“You think your mom will comeback, Abby?” Riley asked.
“I’ve never seen her fight, but I know her attitude. She’ll do something.”
I would have loved a better comment than that, but I just had to take it. Finally getting off the floor, I got to my feet and faced Flo.
“You got soft, Addi. I worked out for years to keep myself ready for this day. What have you been doing in that time, playing housewife?” Flo asked.
“Well, I’m sorry I have a life. If you got someone to love that ugly face, maybe you would understand.”
My little taunt made Flo run at me, so I got ready. When she got in range, I punched, but she still got the better of me! She suddenly stopped on the spot, leaned back, and kicked me in the stomach.
“I’m done listening to your taunts,” she said.
The next move shocked the hell out of me. Flo grabbed my arm and got under me to put me in a fireman carry. That old hag couldn’t lift a damn thing in the past, and now she was lifting me off the ground. At least she kept the fight interesting.
“What the hell?” I said.
“You lose whether you get up from this or not. Goodbye, Addi.”
I punched at Flo’s ribs and kicked my legs, but I couldn’t get out. She fell backwards and slammed me into the hard tiled floor, using my stomach as a pillow before standing up. Everyone watching winced for me. It did hurt like a bitch, I can tell you that.
“Oh no. Your mom is in deep trouble,” Knox commented.
“Addison, can you get up?” the ref asked.
I took a second to answer because of the pain, so Anthony talked instead.
“This is my first time watching you fight, mom. Do you really want to lose right now?”
“I’m glad to see you’ve chosen your side,” Knox said.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Davis.”
“I won’t hold it against you, but I still don’t intend to lose.”
After hearing my son’s encouragement, I started pushing myself up.
“Yeah, I can still go,” I answered the ref.
“Even with no training, of course the brute gets back up. That’s fine. I’ll just put you down again.”
Flo ran at me again, but I didn’t throw any punches or kicks this time. She let out another flurry of attacks, and I just took them while protecting my face. Instead of grabbing my arm like last time though, she threw a kick at my leg. Finally having enough, I also threw my leg and stopped hers, catching her off guard.
Then, my right fist pounded her stomach. Following up, I struck her cheek with my left fist. That just left the finishing uppercut. I punched her right in the nose and made her stumble away from me.
“Damn it. I’m not done yet,” she said.
“Stop!” the ref called. “Florence’s nose is bleeding, meaning Addison wins by first blood.”
Florence stopped to wipe the blood from her nose.
“Huh. Looks like you still can’t handle my strength.”
Chapter 31 
The Deets
Jumping back a bit, I was a little worried about Riley since morning. She didn’t reply to my Sunday night and didn’t walk with me and Knox to school. When I saw her at school, Knox and I walked to her while my mom talked to her dad.
“Riley, is everything good?” I asked.
“Yeah. Why you look so worried?”
“Because you didn’t answer my text from last night. Knox told me you lost a match.”
“Oh, that. I--”
The bell interrupted her, telling us to get to class.
“I’ll tell you at lunch, okay?”
“Sure.”
Luckily, because of my mom and Ms. Davis’s rivalry, I didn’t have to wait until lunch. Riley told me during their fight.
“You remember that douche from Friday? The one arguing in art class? He got one of his friends to fight me.”
“It doesn’t sound too bad so far. Was he just stronger than you?” I asked.
“I’m sure she’ll tell it all, Anthony,” Knox said.
“He was strong, and maybe he could have won fair and square, but he didn’t. The crowd and the ref were all his goons. During the fight, they jumped me and reported it as an official ranked match.”
“That bastard. Is he at school today?” I asked. 
“No, he’s not. I checked his schedule, and his friend is a college freshman, placing him at the end of our age range,” Knox informed.
“Why don’t you just report them?” I asked.
“It would just be there word against mine, and it was just one match. I still have two to win.”
“If you’re so calm about it, why didn’t you text me?”
“I was working out when you texted me. I saw it, but I thought it would be better to see your reaction in person. It’s not like I doubted you though. I know you’re catching feelings.”
Riley playfully waved her hand and hit my arm. All I could do was sigh.
“I’m glad you’re not worried about it, but you have to beat that guy’s ass. When’s the next match?” 
“It’s this Friday. When I win, we’ll have the last match during the tournament this weekend.”
“Alright then. We’ll be there, right, Knox?”
“Of course. I would love to see him brought to justice.”
“Then that’s what we’ll do.”
And that’s what went down during my mom’s fight. I chimed in to her fight, but I wasn’t really focused on it. It sucks that Ms. Davis lost, but my mom never stops fighting so her strength is monstrous.
For the rest of the day, I tried relaxing since Riley was fine, but I just couldn’t. Jonah even tried challenging me, but I was declined. The thing is Riley didn’t just lose; she got jumped, and I was pissed about it. So, at the end of parent day, when we were all walking home, I pulled her away for a bit.
“I’m getting a lot of attention today,” she joked.
“If I’m bugging you, then sorry. I just had to ask one more time. You sure you’re okay?”
I saw Riley’s smile fade, but it didn’t leave for long. It was like her playful, teasing smile turned into a genuine, loving one.
“Thanks, Anthony, but I promise I’m fine. I’m really glad I have a friend that really cares about me.”
The turn caught me a little off guard so it took me a second to answer. 
“Good. I should feel a little better now. Wait, you used my full name.”
“Whoops, I didn’t mean to, but is that a problem? Did you get used to Abby already?”
“I guess I did.”
“Then I’m happy.”
At that point, Riley jumped up and embraced me in a hug. I can’t lie. It did fell nice.
“Like I said though, that guy was strong in his own right. If it came down to pure strength, I might lose to him. Would you really be said if I lost my rank?” Riley asked.
“Your rank doesn’t really matter, but you look like you care about it. There has to be a reason you constantly protect it, right? Otherwise, you would just drop.”
“Yeah, there is a reason I keep it, but I can’t tell you yet. I mean, I have to keep something mysterious about me.”
“Haha. If you don’t want to tell, then don’t.”
“Hmm. I’ll spill it after the tournament, alright?”
“Sure. I’ll be here to listen to it.”
The ending of Monday was pretty good. Riley and I were feeling good, and mom got her win even though Ms. Davis lost I wonder how she took it.
Chapter 32
Aftermath
Tuesday pulled around, and it seemed like Riley was okay since she was waiting on me.
“What is your routine? A boy shouldn’t be taking too long,” she criticized.
“I don’t even take that long. You’re just too thirsty.”
Riley dramatically gasped. “How dare you! I will have you know that it’s not thirst. It’s being punctual.”
With little chuckles, we started our stroll.
“So, that tournament really is this weekend?” Riley confirmed.
I nodded my head in response.
“I can’t wait to start. Maybe the strongest in Georgia will be there.”
“If I was the strongest, I would probably just watch until someone actually challenged me. The best doesn’t have much to worry about,” I said.
“That is until me or the second best comes for him. He better watch out.”
“Come on. You couldn’t even beat a loser in college. How would you touch the best in the state?”
Alright, I was a little scared while saying that. Knowing Riley, she wouldn’t take it that hard, but it could have went very bad if it was another person. Instead of getting upset or sad though, Riley slapped my arm with a smirk.
“Hardy har, but it was only one unfair loss. I’ll beat his butt before going for the best.”
Whoo, I knew it work. Easy.
“By the way, do you know either of them, the first and second best?” I asked.
“Not personally, just their names like everyone else. Nigel Sterling at number 2 and Adrian Turgenev at number 1. Can’t wait to meet them.”
“The top 3 in a room together should be catastrophic,” Knox said out of nowhere. “Their auras alone should be enough to crush everyone beneath them.”
Before we could respond to our manager, we noticed Trisha by his side with a tall, tan, suited man.
“Hello, you two. I’m back, and I’m here to apologize. Knox gave me a serious talking to.”
Knox gave us a closed-eyed smile.
“Anthony and Riley, you may not trust me, but I give you my word that I will never hurt you again. Knox’s friends are on my pass list.”
“And if she breaks that promise, we break her face,” the supervisor added, leaving me speechless.
“The best thing to do is to see how Trisha acts from now on. For now, I trust her,” Knox said.
Knox must have really got into Trisha’s head at the hospital. He probably used some special power or something.
“Well, I’m glad Knox made another smart friend, and I emphasize smart. You don’t want to put Abby or Knox in danger again.”
While we were silent, Riley let out a cute, but a little psychotic, cackle.
“Yes, it was a stupid move. I was blinded by revenge to see that I was making an enemy of the 3rd strongest. On top of that, that grappler came in and ruined my plan. I really need to reevaluate how I act.”
Trisha began to bite on her fingernail as she thought back.
“Oh, yeah. She did help out then, didn’t she?” I couldn’t help but think about what she said last Sunday.
“I hope everything is going just fine with you two, Anthony. Has she been sticking to her word?” Knox asked. 
“So far, yeah. It would be great if everything could stay this peaceful.”
“Oh, I’ll be the judge of her and this peace!” Riley shouted. “I’ll look her dead in the eye and know for myself. I’ll use my special jutsu on her.”
“Yeah, yeah. Let’s worry about school first, kunoichi.”
The five of us, including Trisha’s supervisor, made it to school, but I heard someone call my name as soon as we entered.
“Mr. Jones?” I said.
“Hey, Anthony. Can I talk to you for a second? It’s important.”
“Uh, sure.”
I looked over to my friends.
“Don’t worry. We’ll see you at lunch,” Knox said.
“Can’t wait for all the juicy deets later,” Riley added before they left.
“So, what’s so important?” I asked.
“I’ll explain after you see it. It’s pretty sad.”
Mr. Jones led the way, but I immediately knew where we were going.
“The nurse’s?”
“Yep.”
When Mr. Jones opened the door, I saw my wife, Ms. Davis, sitting depressed at her desk. Her head was face down, and she didn’t move.
“Who’s there?” she asked, still not moving. She even sounded dead inside.
“Hey, Ms. Davis. It’s me and Mr. Jones,” I answered.
“Anton? Go away. I don’t want to see a Beckons for the rest of my life.”
Oh, NO! This is Bad!
“Uh, this is about the fight yesterday, isn’t it?” I whispered.
“It has to be. I don’t know what else it could be about,” he whispered back.
“Okay. Let me try something.”
I had to make Ms. Davis happy here. If I didn’t, how could I marry her in the future? I took two steps and went for it.
“This isn’t the Ms. Davis I know. You always wear a smile on your face no matter what. If it would help, I could tell you one of my mom’s weaknesses.”
I’m sorry, mom, but she needs to be happy.
“I lost so it doesn’t matter anymore. We’ve been at a draw for years, and I lost. I hate life.”
“The rivalry mattered that much, huh?” Mr. Jones said.
“It’s the whole reason I stayed fit. I guess I can get fat now.”
“Come on, Ms. Davis. You can’t give up after one fight. How many times did you two fight in the past?”
“Fifty times.”
“Fifty?” Mr. Jones and I were shocked.
“It was 25 to 25, and it stayed a draw for years… until yesterday.”
At that moment, the bell went off, meaning Mr. Jones and I had to be in class.
“Ms. Davis, I have to go, but I promise we’ll help you out of this. Right, Mr. Jones?”
“Of course. We can’t have everyone’s favorite nurse be down in the dumps.”
“Whatever. Just get to class already.”
Man, I couldn’t take her being sad, but I had to come back later.
“I’ve never seen this side of her. I can’t think of anything other than having her and your mom fight again,” Mr. Jones said as we walked down the hall.
“I don’t think that’ll work. They’ll be tied again, and it might not make her happy. Maybe we’ll have to go away from fighting.”
“As much as I would love to try different solutions, we have class to worry about first.”
“You’re right. I’ll see you later then, Mr. Jones.”
Chapter 33
Mrs. Jones?
Mr. Jones and I left Ms. Davis, but I couldn’t really focus on class at all. I kept thinking about ways to make Ms. Davis happy. I even thought about past problems to see if they would help. The closest thing I could think of was how Riley handled her loss, but it’s not like she lost to a rival. Plus, she had another chance to fight again.
“What’s got you so deep in thought, my friend?” Knox asked me in third block when the lunch bell rang. So, with Riley, Mr. Jones, Knox, Trisha, and now her PO, I explained everything at our usual lunch table.
“So she’s basically me if I lost my rank,” Riley commented.
“Maybe it goes deeper than the fight itself. Potentially, Ms. Davis put something else on the line, something with meaning behind it,” Knox suggested.
“What could she have though? I don’t know what else she could be sad about,” Mr. Jones said.
“What about you girls?” I asked Riley and Trisha. “If you lost to a rival, what other meaning would you have behind the fight?”
“I dunno. For me, it would probably be…” Riley racked her brain. “Sorry, I can’t see me getting upset over a fair loss. I would probably be a little disappointed and then try to get it back.”
“If it was me, it would be Knox’s love. I wouldn’t be able to face my beloved if I lost in an intellectual fight.”
“I’m sure it would be very hard to beat you in smarts, Trisha,” Knox complimented.
“Oh, Knox!”
Trisha went to hug Knox, but her parole officer stopped her.
“Damn, dude. How can we make her happy?” I thought.
“Hey, Anthony,” Celia said, making me turn around.
“Oh, hey, Celia. Since you’re here, let me ask you a question.”
“Sure. What is it?” 
“If you lost to a rival, what would make you sad about the loss? Like, what meaning would you put behind the fight?”
“A meaning, huh?” Celia took a quick glance at the casual Riley before looking away. “I would get sad and insecure if they looked better than me. Either that or they have something I don’t.”
“Insecure, huh? That should help. Thanks.”
“No problem. I’ll be around if you need anything else. Tell me when you’ve thought about starting over.”
“Alright.”
Celia left without any problems.
“Looks like she’s making some progress,” Knox commented.
“Let me know if she does anything to you, Abby. I’ll drop her,” Riley said.
“I’m glad Cecelia has been treating you better, but has anyone thought of a plan?” Mr. Jones asked.
“I thought of something that could work, but we need to do it after school,” I said.
I spoke before Knox could because I needed to be the one to make Ms. Davis happy. So, using the rest of lunch, I told them my plan. After school, all of us, including the PO, stood outside of the nurse’s.
“Alright, Mr. Jones. You’re doing this only because Ms. Davis might get sad seeing me. Got it?”
“Yeah, yeah. Let me go do it then.”
“Alright. I’m putting all my faith in you.”
After taking a deep breath and checking his gelled-back hair, Mr. Jones stepped into the room. However, we were all surprised to see our nurse working just like normal. Her head wasn’t on the desk, and she even had her normal smile on.
“Hmm,” she said as she turned to see the spiffy Mr. Jones in the doorway with crocuses in his hands. I didn’t know crocuses were flowers before going to the agriculture club that day.
“You look nice. Were those supposed to cheer me up or are you going on a date?” Ms. Davis asked.
“You guessed it. They were for you, but you’re fine now. Why’s that?”
“You all really worry too much. It was a simple case of the sore losers. I wasn’t going to dwell on it all day. Did you think something like that could break me?”
“You did give a convincing performance.” Mr. Jones strolled over to Ms. Davis and set the flowers down in front of her. “Are you sure though? You had nothing behind the fight itself?”
“Did you think I was that insecure? Addison might have stuff I don’t have, but that’s fine. I’ll get them some day. Maybe my plan was to see your reactions.” Ms. Davis picked up the crocuses and took a big sniff. “You really should give these back to the agriculture club.”
“Actually, I think you should keep them.”
“I didn’t win, so I don’t deserve them.”
“No, but you did win my heart.”
I let out a long and hard groan into my hands.
“Wow, you really are corny, Mr. Jones. Did you actually take this chance to hit on someone younger than you?” Ms. Davis asked.
“I mean it. I couldn’t bare seeing you so sad. I wanted to return your bright smile, and I’m not the only one who feels strongly about it. All of the students, especially Anthony, would have missed your smile.”
Mr. Jones got closer to my wife, so I did the same to the point of almost entering. In response, Riley pulled me back.
“You’re exaggerating. Not all the students care… but thank you. I really appreciate you showing that you care.”
“So, how are you going to handle your rivalry with Addison? Is it over since she broke the tie?”
“Of course not! A girl has to have her motivations. I’ll get back at her one of these days.”
“Good. I wouldn’t want you changing on us.”
“Alright, he had his time. It’s time to shut this down,” I said.
“She seems to be having a nice time. Do you really want to ruin it?” Knox asked. 
“I’ll have to take the chance.”
So, I opened the door fully and walked in. Even still, I didn’t want to risk it, so I kept my face hidden behind Mr. Jones by clinging to him.
“Look at all the snoopers. Were you really listening to Mr. Jones hit on me?” Ms. Davis asked.
“They’re the ones who planned this, especially this one right here.”
Mr. Jones threw me out so Ms. Davis could see me.
“Of course my biggest fan came up with it. Come here.”
Now, as you know, this wasn’t the first time Ms. Davis hugged me, but it definitely felt the best. It felt earned, and I loved it.
“Thank you, Anton. I’ll try to keep you all from seeing my sourpuss side again.”
“That’s nice,” the PO commented.
“Alright. You all get home now. No need to stay at school longer than you have to,” Ms. Davis said.
Finally done with the hug, I pulled away with a big smile on my face.
“We’ll see you tomorrow then,” I said.
“You sure will.”
With our mission accomplished, we all left Ms. Davis to herself.
“You had a real fun time, didn’t you?” Riley said.
“Of course I did. I got to help out Ms. Davis while using my brain. I’m pretty happy.”
“Are you implying you don’t use your brain at any other point?” Knox questioned.
“Maybe I am. Us average thinkers need to get on your level.”
So, after bringing my wife’s smile back, we all went home.
Chapter 34
Trisha’s Time
Wednesday, another day I could see my beloved Knox. If only I wasn’t being stalked by an officer, I could enjoy my time with him more. Maybe I should have done something about him. Tie him up? Or maybe something smaller like laxatives? Eh. It’s probably better that I did nothing to my parole officer.
Anyway, I woke up like usual, put on pink sleeves and matching stockings -trying different styles for my hubby, you know- and left my dead silent apartment. If only I was as lucky as that Ant and 3rd rank fighter. They got to walk with my beloved while I had to see my PO’s horrendous face.
“Good morning,” he greeted.
I didn’t greet back. I groaned and left him behind.
“That’s fine. You don’t have to like me. As lon as you stay on the right path, I’ll have done my job.”
“Whatever’ll get you away from me.”
“I can sense you don’t like me. What have I done to you?”
I didn’t even want to respond.
“Have you been to counseling yet?”
“Yes. Now stop talking.”
“As you wish.”
If only I was walking with Knox, we could have been making plans for the future. We could have even talked about what happened at the hospital. He acted like it should be top secret, but I wanted to scream it to the world. The problem, though, was that scenario came from my assault on him. I never even apologized for it. I needed to get him alone for him and for me.
“Mr. Tomson, I won’t be doing anything extreme today, so don’t get in my way,” I ordered.
“Well, if you say so, but I’m not leaving your side.”
“That’s fine for now.”
So, taking time to think of a plan, I headed straight for school instead of intercepting Knox’s route. I had to get him away from the Ant and 3rd rank while also getting rid of Tomson. We only had first block and lunch together, and those wouldn’t work. I needed a way to separate both of us at the end of the day.
Yesterday, I learned Knox’s schedule and memorized the school’s layout. I even got info on the other transfer students from others. It was difficult, of course, because of my Tuesday incident, but I eventually found students who hadn’t heard about it. I just needed a plan.
“Are you okay, Trisha?” Knox asked me in first block while I worked on my plan. “Did you have your own business or are you sick of my friends already?”
“O-Of course not. I just had something on my mind. I want to solve it before the end of the day.”
“Oh, I’m guessing it’s nothing I can help with since you didn’t come to me. I’m always around though if you need me.”
I couldn’t help but blush in his presence. I wanted to drop the plan and talk to him all block, but no! I had to make up for my actions.
“Thank you, Knox, but I will handle it. I should be done at the end of the day.”
“Then I’ll leave you to it.”
With a smile, he went back to his seat. I hoped he caught my hint. I kept repeating ‘end of the day’ so that he would come to me after school, but it probably wouldn’t work. I should have been more clear!
Anyway, I think I came up with a good enough plan. I just had to get through lunch, another point I saw Knox, but not this time. I ate lunch in class, but the problem was the PO sitting across from me.
“This is nice. You’re really behaving yourself,” he commented.
“Did you expect me to cut you down?”
“Maybe a little. I’m used to rowdy kids.”
“Good for you. I don’t care.”
“I know it’s not my place…”
“Then don’t say it.”
“But why did you do what you did a week ago?”
I stopped myself mid-bite and put my sandwich down while recalling my attempt at murder. Of course, this wasn’t the first time I thought about it, but it still lingered on me. It gave me a stomachache just thinking about it. I could have killed someone. I know that I was blinded by rage, but I attacked my beloved and could have made unnecessary enemies.
“I know you wanted to rough up Knox, but thinking about it is the first step to progress. It helps to really analyze your actions, the motives behind them, and the consequences,” Tomson lectured.
“Whatever,” I said as I continued my sandwich. I didn’t want to admit he was right.
After lunch, fourth block seemed nonexistent, and the final bell rang, meaning it was my time. 
Chapter 35
Her Redemption
Now, including that Wednesday, I had only attended three days of school because of my first day assault. I received no info on the school or the students then because I was revenge thirsty. 
However, I did all my studying yesterday. One person who caught my eye was Nixon Miller, a kid known for getting into fights, and it so happened I had fourth block with him.
	“Huh? Who the hell said that?” he asked after I let out some fake gossip.
	“Have you heard of Anthony Beckons?”
	“Oh, that bastard. I’ve been looking to fight him for a while.”
	“You should probably catch him when he gets out of art then.”
	“Don’t go telling me what to do. As a matter of fact, it doesn’t sound like Beckons would say something like that.”
	“Why not ask for yourself then? I’m just relaying his message.”
	“Fine! I will then.”
 	Whether Nixon went with the plan or not didn’t matter. I asked someone else beforehand, making Nixon the backup. Anyway, once the bell rang, I aimed for the art classroom and spotted a crowd of people just as I was hoping for. 
However, the participants weren’t what I had expected. It was Nixon fighting the 3rd rank Riley Styles. The fight did catch me a little off guard, but I continued into the crowd.
At the time, I didn’t think this change up would be such a hep, but it proved to be very useful.
“Is that Riley Styles, the third strongest teen in Georgia? Huh? Trisha!” Tomson noticed when I saw gone.
Since Styles was fighting, I knew Knox wasn’t far. Just like I said, I spotted my beloved watching the fight with the Ant. So, I snuck up behind him and grabbed his arm.
“Oh, Trisha. Have you resolved your issue?”
“Almost. Follow me.”
“Hey, didn’t you really want to see this fight?” the Ant asked, irritating me a bit.
“I’m sorry, but I’ll have to hear the details afterwards. If I’m not back in ten minutes, it’s safe to go home without me.”
That’s exactly why I love him. So, I speedily pulled Knox along, but not without getting caught.
“Hey, Trisha! Where are you going?” Tomson called out, but I ignored him off course. While he had to push past students, I turned a corner and entered an empty, dark computer class. I couldn’t lock the door, so I barricaded it with a chair under the doorknob.
“Trisha, I--”
Cutting Knox off, I clamped his mouth as I got as close as I could. The doorknob rattled before dead silence took the room. To make sure, I waited about a minute before letting Knox speak.
“I have a feeling this is what you were thinking about all day.”
“It was, but my motives are pure. First of all…” I tore myself from Knox and prostrated myself before him. “I am so sorry for attacking you and bringing harm to your friends a week ago. I don’t want to act as if it didn’t happen. From this moment on, I swear my loyalty to you. I will do everything for you.”
“Trisha, I’m sorry, but this isn’t right. I’m the one who influenced you to attack me. I don’t think you should swear loyalty to the one who hurt you.”
“I knew you would say that, but I’m not backing down. I love you, Knox, and I can tell you are trying to change. I know I can trust you.”
Knox went silent for a second as he thought to himself.
“And there’s no way I can smooth talk my way out of this.”
“No, there is not.”
Knox sighed. “Fine. I accept your declaration, and I promise there will never be a scenario like the past ever again. I’ll always be here for you, Trisha.”
My beloved’s words made me smile and blush. Now, there was just one more thing to do.
“Now, you said first of all. I hope the second isn’t what I think it is.”
“Don’t worry. We’re just having a round two since the hospital.”
Even though he was against it, Knox still let me press up against him, my face the closest it could be to his. I knew he was secretly into it.
“Trisha, you do know we’re underaged, right? And we shouldn’t go past kissing?”
“What’s the problem? Tons of kids already do it, and the same applies for you.”
“Correction, I didn’t do anything too extreme.”
Our lips were basically on top of each other when the door rattled once again.
“Trisha! I know you’re in there! You better not be doing anything eighteen-plus in there,” Tomson called.
“Damn him. I can’t leave just yet,” I mumbled. 
When I turned back to Knox, he placed his finger against my lips to stop me.
“Sorry, but not today. We can leave it off with just this.”
One thing I didn’t expect was Knox to kiss my cheek. At that point, I went silent as I accepted what I got, alone time with my beloved and his sincere promise.
“Alright then. Let’s not leave Mr. Tomson waiting.”
So, ending our escapade, I moved the chair and let Tomson in.
“You said I wouldn’t have to worry about you today. I have to report this, you know?” he said.
“That’s fine.”
“What if I said it was my fault?” Knox asked.
“I’m sorry, but I still have to report it. Let’s go.”
Without another word, we exited the computer lab and proceeded to the school entrance where the Ant and 3rd rank were still waiting. At least they were as dedicated to Knox as I was.
As we walked home, Tomson acted as a wall between Knox and I, but I didn’t care. I was too high on my accomplishment and Knox’s love. Unfortunately, my PO brought me down a little when he pulled me away.
“So, did you think I really left you two alone?” he asked.
“Do you mean you sat outside the room after the first attempt at getting in?”
“That’s right. I couldn’t hear you, but I’m just glad you didn’t do anything.”
“Why didn’t you bust the door or something?”
“Because I couldn’t, hehe, but also because I decided to trust you. I wasn’t there during your incident, but there was a stark difference between your attitude yesterday from then. I had a feeling you were already on the road to change.”
“You’ll lose your job or get someone hurt like that,” I calmly reprimanded. “…But thank you.”
“No problem as long as you tell me when you do stuff like that and don’t do anything extreme.”
“We’ll see.”
As you can tell, the day went my way just as planned. However, Tomson still ratted on me, meaning I had a strike. All that was left was me eating and sleeping in my dead silent, ugly apartment.
Chapter 36
The Next Side Quest
Yesterday was something, wasn’t it? It wasn’t the most eventful day, but I did have a nice moment with Trisha. However, Just thinking about it also brought me back to my middle school days. I searched my brain for information, but I couldn’t remember a single thing from then.
“How could I have blocked out my three years of middle school? Was I really that bad?” I thought.
I didn’t want to doubt Trisha, but I had no memory of what happened.
“Knox.”
My father’s voice broke through my thoughts, making me look to him in the kitchen.
“It’s not like you to lose yourself in your thoughts. What are you thinking about?”
“Nothing you have to concern yourself with,” I said bluntly. “For you to talk to me so early, you must have had something on your mind.”
“I did, but now we’re talking about you. Does it involve Trisha or your past?”
It really was a problem that my parents had no trouble reading me. At least when mother did it, she actually cared. Father only did it when he had something to gain. I hesitated to answer him, but I needed answers.
“Alright, father. It is about my past. What happened during my middle school years?”
My father checked the watch on his wrist, I assume to see whether he had time to talk.
“In middle school, you were a lot similar to how you are now, except you were always hiding something back then. Whether you hid your true feelings or actions, you always wore a smile and moved onto another subject. To a normal person, you were completely fine, but your mother and I knew something was wrong.”
“I assume mother tried to help, but what about you?”
“I left you to her while I looked into your school life. I’ve always been suspicious of the Trisha event back then, but I think her recent incident confirms my guess.”
Even though I disliked the fact he didn’t try to talk to me, I had to accept the fact that I was a terrible person when I was younger. Now, there was only one wonder: why did I act like that? Was it because of my negligent father? Was I mentally unstable? Only I had the answer, and I threw it away when I erased everything.
“I only have one last question. Was there ever a time you saw my smile fade? A time when I was mad or sad.”
As if for tension, my father paused.
“You’ll have to ask your mother. I don’t remember, and you have to get to school.”
I went silent as father went back to making his sandwich. Since I received the best answer I could get, I left without another word. I would be lying if I said there wasn’t some confusion still floating around in my head. 
The only time I remembered being upset was when Cecelia devised that plan to make Anthony forfeit. Unfortunately, I just smiled during that moment as well. I couldn’t recall a single moment I went into a rage or even cried.
“There you are, my love!” Trisha said as she jumped into my arms. “You look like you were thinking seriously about something. What is it?”
“The usual, just thinking about my troubled past. Say, Trisha. Do you ever remember a time I was raging or crying?”
“Hmm.” Trisha didn’t even pull away to think. “I can’t recall a single time at all. You always kept your beautiful, conniving smile on all the time.”
“You don’t think that’s strange for a teenager?”
“It’s a little strange, but there are kids who hide their emotions around others. If you’re not letting them out at home, then it may be a problem,” Mr. Tomson said.
“Maybe I’ve just been smiling for too long. I guess I’ve forgotten my other emotions.”
“I know of one emotion I can help you with,” Trisha said seductively.
“Okay, your time’s up. You can’t touch him for the rest of the day,” Mr. Tomson intervened as he pulled Trisha off of me.
“You bastard,” she retorted.
“Thank you, you two, but I guess there’s only one person left who I can ask. We’ll have to wait until after school though.”
Even though my father pretty much confirmed what Trisha said, there was just a little more I had to know, and my mother was the only one left. However, a sudden side quest was dropped in front of me during second block.
“Hey, Knox. I don’t know if you’re close to Nixon, or Next as he calls himself, but I need a favor,” my teacher asked me. “He’s skipped Thursdays twice now, and he has no reports of important stuff today. Could you try talking to him and get him to stop to stop skipping?”
“I wouldn’t mind talking to him. You can count on me.”
“Thank you, Knox.”
Per the norm, you know I had to inform my companions.
“Oooh, dealing with Nixon, huh? I’m a little interested in that match-up,” RIley said.
“Surely, it wouldn’t be as interesting as your fight with him, but it sure will be something.”
“Why do you think he’s skipping every Thursday?” Anthony asked.
“I’m really hoping it’s something simple like skipping school. I wouldn’t want it to be something tearing at him,” I said.
“He probably had an impactful event in his past that made him want to change his name. Whatever it is, I’m sure we’ll figure it out,” Trisha stated.
“Thank you, Trisha, but I would like to go about this one alone. I feel like Next has gotten the least attention out of the transfer students, and I want to try bonding with him.”
“Even though both of your personalities seem like complete opposites?” RIley commented.
“People do say opposites attract,” I retorted.
“When you’re with him, you should ask if he’s connected to that restaurant called Next,” Anthony suggested.
“Ah, yes, the restaurant where customers audition for food. I am curious whether he’s connected to it or not.”
“Be careful around him, Knox. He may be easy to manipulate, but he’s volatile,” Trisha warned.
“He does come off strong, but I’ll try my hardest.”
Next seemed like my biggest challenge yet since he only listened to fists and not words. However, it was a challenge I was willing to accept. After school, I changed into my street clothes and went hunting for Next by my lonesome. 
If I remembered correctly, Anthony said he first met Next at a playground. There was only one near Anthony’s house, and I found him there. The thing that surprised me though was that Jonah was already there in his uniform.
“Knox. What are you doing here? Is Anthony gonna show up?” Jonah asked. 
“No, it’ll just be me today. Actually, I’m a little surprised to see you here. It seems you and Next have connected.”
“I guess you can say that.”
“He can’t say that. I only keep you around to beat your ass,” Next denied.
“Then try it then!”
I knew he could, but it always surprised me when Jonah would flip his switch.
“Before you throw down, I would love to have my chance in the ring,” I interjected.
Both boys turned to me with confusion in their faces.
“You came here to fight?” Jonah asked.
“It’s actually been a while since I have, and I would hate to get rusty. Either of you will be a worthy opponent.”
Next and Bruce, the big bully Anthony fought, had something in common. They were the types to never listen to words and only strength. 
However, unlike Bruce, Next was a better fighter and had brains to back him up since the school recruited him. If I fought him, I would need to assert dominance and earn his trust. On the other hand, there was Jonah, the only person Next had taken a liking to. If I were to face him, the fight could get Next interested.
“You’re telling me you want to fight one of us?” Next said while jumping off of the monkey bars.
“I’m down for whatever, but yes, I want to fight you.”
Next gave me a good stare down. However, before he could say anything, a group of three older gentlemen entered the fray.
Chapter 37
Hidden Temper
“There’s a fight going down? That means you’ll need a crowd,” the tall, clean-cut leader said.
His eyes then turned to Jonah, showing an expression of recognition.
“Oh, you guys go to the same school as us, but I’ve never seen you. You must not be seniors or else we would have a class together.”
“Real cool, but we don’t need a crowd. Get lost,” Next ordered.
“You realize that you’ll get arrested if you’re caught without a crowd, right?” The young man took a few steps forward. “I say that, but we don’t really give a damn about the Institution. Right, boys?”
His followers nodded in agreement.
“What are you getting at?” Jonah questioned.
“If you’re planning to scrap, why don’t we have a friendly showdown, us versus you three. We’re tired of gathering people and being watched.”
“Sorry, gentlemen, but it’s the law. No fighting without either a crowd or referee,” I stepped up before Next could.
Jonah had his off moments, but I knew he was level headed. Next, on the other hand, didn’t care. Even if it meant losing Next’s respect, I had to stay as the voice of reason.
“You know there are people still streetfighting illegally, right? And the cops are oblivious to it. What’s another illegal fight that they don’t know about.”
“That doesn’t mean you’re allowed to break the law, sir. You really shouldn’t carelessly follow others.”
The nameless leader scoffed as he stepped towards me.
“Alright, boy scout. The same goes for you. You’re just gonna follow every law the government makes?”
“To the best of my ability, yes. I won’t cause trouble just because I disagree with something.”
“Heh, alright.”
The boy scoffed again before turning to walk away. However, it was merely a fakeout. He quickly swung his arm back to me, so I backstepped to avoid it. As if the attack was a signal, the leader’s goons took on Next and Jonah.
“Come on, underclassman. Let’s see what you got.”
Just like most fighters at our school, I could tell my senior knew no fighting style as he belligerently threw his fists at me. Still, his punches had speed behind them, and a hit could have been bad. That’s part of the reason I dodged his attacks, not laying a single hand on him.
While I evaded my opponent, I glanced and noticed that Next and Jonah had already beaten theirs, the two seniors keeled over. Sadly, I knew I couldn’t stop them at that point. Jonah took a step towards my fight, looking to intervene, but Next stopped him.
“Don’t interrupt,” he said.
Great. Now, I either had to stall until someone intervened or try to take down the leader. Of course, there was a possibility where I beat the senior before getting caught, but he didn’t seem like someone I could quickly take down like the other two. Plus, I had to stay the way of nonviolence. I just wished Next didn’t make it so hard on me.
“Stop dodging and fight back, you brat!”
The leader threw a heavy haymaker that had way too much weight in it, launching him forward. I stepped to the left to avoid, but I wasn’t expecting him to quickly ram his right shoulder into my chest. Maybe I underestimated him or was thinking too much about Next, but the leader had the upper hand now.
While I was stunned, the senior backhanded me in the face, knocking me into the jungle gym. Luckily, my nose wasn’t bleeding, but… it felt like a switch had flipped inside me. 
Do you recall when Cecelia almost made Anthony forfeit his match with Chance or when Trisha attacked? Well, in both of those situations, I was in control, but it felt different at the playground. I couldn’t remember the last time I had been hit, but I actually felt anger from it.
My usual smile faded, and an annoyed frown took its place. The only positive that came out of the situation was I recalled a memory, my father and I fighting.
“That’s it. You finally gonna take a swing?” the leader taunted.
Now tunnel-visioned, I took a couple of steps forward. Unfortunately, I wasn’t allowed to unleash my anger. Before I knew it, Next and Jonah had grabbed my arms and dragged me off the playground.
“What --”
As I went to question them, I heard and saw the police car stop behind the senior. After seeing that, I regained myself and caged my anger.
“I didn’t expect you to run,” I directed at Next.
“His parents found out about our fight before,” Jonah answered for him.
“Shut the hell up!” Next yelled.
The two carried me a good distance away from the playground and stopped when they noticed we weren’t being followed.
“I must apologize for my behavior back there. I should have found a way to stop him,” I said. 
“That guy wanted to fight no matter what. It’s fine,” Jonah excused.
“I saw that look in your eye,” Next abruptly said.
“You looked like you wanted to kill that guy. Were you actually going to fight back?”
“I don’t like it, but maybe I was. I did lose myself a little.”
“That means you’re a punk.”
“A… punk?”
“You’re a punk if you can’t control your anger. You’ll just get laid out like a punk.”
“That’s some pretty weird but wise advice,” Jonah commented.
“I see. Well, I can’t pass on advice from the stoic Next, so I think I better listen to it.”
“Good, because I’ll fight you next time, and I don’t want it to be a waste of time.”
At that point, Next turned to leave, but I still had a side quest to complete.
“Actually, Next, before you go…” I said to stop him. “I have a couple of quick questions.
Firstly, Next’s reason for skipping school was because it was ‘boring as frick’, and he didn’t feel like going.
“Find a way to make it interesting and then I’ll go,” he said, but that was just putting more trouble onto me. At least, from what I could tell, it wasn’t anything troubling him.
Secondly, I asked about the Next restaurant.
“Watch it. Don’t go digging into my god damn personal life.”
Then, he turned and left. So, he was connected to the restaurant, but I was left to wonder how. As for my overall side quest, it went well enough. I grew a little closer to Next and even obtained an old memory. Now, there was only one piece of progress left.
Chapter 38
Past Emotions
I walked home a little nervous that day. Of course, I already knew who I was, but the chance that mother would unlock more old memories made me anxious. If they were so problematic that I had to erase them, then maybe there was a chance they would change me once they came back.
No, I couldn’t think like that. I was a new person, and I had to stay optimistic. Finally, I reached my home.
“Know? It’s unlike you to be home so late without informing me,” my mother said after poking her head out to see me.
“Yes, I am sorry. It was a school-related activity.”
“Your father warned me about a talk you had with him earlier today. Are you okay, honey?”
“He told you about it?”
“Of course. He tells me everything I need to know.”
“Need to know, huh? He must have told you that I have questions then.”
“Come have a seat on the couch so we can talk.”
I did as she said and began my questioning.
“Mother… has father ever hit or abused me?”
“Oh, no, honey. He’s never laid a hand on you. Why would you ask that?”
“Earlier today, I felt angry for the first time in a long time, and I remembered father and I fighting. Did I get angry at him a lot in the past? Did you ever see me furious at him?”
“I know exactly what you’re talking about.”
My mother had me on the edge of my seat listening.
“You didn’t show many emotions when you were younger except for your smile. You didn’t even cry at your aunt’s funeral even though you were close to her. However, the one moment you showed anger was towards your father. You spouted your true feelings, revealing that you wished your father cared more. Soon afterwards, you threw the first punch.”
After finally receiving my answer, it didn’t surprise me as much as I thought it would. I always felt a disdain for my father for as long as I could remember. The only thing that did surprise me was that I attacked first. I was a real monster back then.
“Seeing you two fight hurt me, but at the same time the scenario made you two stronger. You showed some emotion for the first time while your father learned to show you more attention.”
“He’s been showing me more attention?”
“It may not be the usual way, but he’s doing it his way. Compared to when you were younger, he’s around more and talks more. I’m sure you’ve noticed it.”
Well, he was the one to start the discussion about my past, but he also received some information on Trisha which is what he wanted. Other than that, he has been keeping up with my events.
“Even if he is paying attention in his own way, should I be content with that or am I in the wrong for wanting more?”
“Oh, honey. You’re not in the wrong for wanting a little more affection. I promise that he’ll come around. Just like him, you hid your feelings from both of us until finally expressing yourself. I’m sure he’ll do the same.”
“Hopefully, not in a fight like I did,” I tried to joke.
“I love you, Knox, but I won’t say the same for your father. I want you to hear those words from him yourself.”
“Thank you, mother. I love you too.”
My mom pulled me in tight for a hug and gave me a peck on the forehead. Afterwards, she went back to her cooking, and I headed to my room. If you were expecting a conclusion where I regained all of my memories, I’m sorry, but I believed I had all the information I needed.
I was a scheming child possibly because of my father or because I was just a bad person. Either way, that led to my memories being erased and starting anew. Who would have thought my father could have been the source of it all?
“I guess I’ll have to wait and see what happens.”
Chapter 39
Epilogue
Ah, Friday, Riley’s rematch with the cheating freshman. She couldn’t possibly lose, right? Of course, she couldn’t. We’re talking about the third strongest teen in Georgia.
“There’s no way she could lose legitly,” I said to reassure myself.
For once, we’re skipping through school and our lunch talk. You’ve been through it enough. The real fun was going down after school. On an even-cut field of grass, we saw the freshman with his lean build and douchey blond hair. Like usual, the ref gave them the signal while the crowd glued their eyes to the fight.
Just like Riley said, Frank the freshman seemed like a problem even though he didn’t have a style and he wasn’t in the top 10. He even got a couple of hits in, and it took Riley a while to take him down. Not even Bryce or Lyn took as long. Maybe Frank had the making for top 10. 
Anyway, Riley won like we thought she would, and then came Saturday, Georgia’s big tournament where all the best would be. It was also the place where I would have my tiebreaker fight against Frank.
Oh? You thought Abby was narrating this whole time? Well, he’s probably tired of doing it, so I’m taking over. I know you’ve been dying to get my perspective, but it’ll have to wait till next season sadly. That’s when all the juicy fights and deets happen.
Why do I keep my spot at third and not try to get higher? When will Abby fight again? Will Knox get all of his memories eventually? Who’ll win the tournament?
I can’t say because you know my lips are sealed tight. Hope to see you in the next season!
