BRISTOL STORIES / Copyright 2015 / 

WWW.ERNESTSLYMAN.COM

Bad Grammar's Reward

It’s all right to talk like a country boy, if your mouth is from east Tennesee. You words come out and do what they please. And if they speak in poor grammar you can’t expect them words to go to the bank. They ain’t got no money. They don’t like schooling much. It’s catch as catch can when you’re barefoot. A Huckleberry Finn sitting on your tongue. Got a fishing pole with a string attached to a junebug, looking for a bite.
Just cause somebody make a grammatical error ain’t no reason to think he ain’t smart. He most likely got them words from a fish leaping up out of the water. Or a dog’s bark. The cow’s moo in east Tennesee will make you a country boy. Talk to a pig and hear it speak like a country boy. Say ain’t and y’all and shucks. The whole pig vocabulatry is questionalble. But in Sullivan County you got to know it’s all right.
I don’t care if anybody don’t like bad grammar. It don’t break no law. It just stick its finger in your eye. Maybe pull your nose, stretch it long as a country mile. Give you a kick in the rear end. Cause bad grammar has got a bad attitude. It don’t like nobody telling it to behave.
At the dinner table, for example, it licks its fingers. Never uses a napkin. Talks with its mouth full. If you need something, bad grammar will tell you to get it yourself. Don’t bother it. Don’t give it any lip. Just keep your distance. Bad grammar has no intention of bothering anybody who’s a stickler. Unless they bring up the laws of good grammar.
All conscientious about their like and dislikes of how grammar should follow the law. Don’t use adjectives so much. Let the adverbs show them true selves. If the subject and verb don’t agree, you’re going to need some mediation. Get yourself a diplomat. Some country body who says ain’t and shucks and golly-gee. He’s smart and knows the difference between good grammar and bad.
Bad grammar chews tobacco. Goes barefoot in the forest where language is always hunting for rabbits, squirrel, deer. You don’t need perfect grammar to catch a fish. If you say ain’t enough times you’ll get a bite. Some bluegill or crappy or perch will take your bait. That pretty word ain’t has got some appeal, charisma, a little sex appeal. It carries with it everywhere it goes a rabbit foot.
That’s why ain’t is lucky. Roll them eyes and give ain’t the prize. You hear it everywhere at the Blue Barrel Luncheon it Bristol. Ain’t got a spoon, fork and knife and it’s cutting country ham, stuffing grits in its mouth. Could you pass ain’t a biscuit. It’s going to die, if you don’t eat one. Let the butter envelop all goodness in Bristol. Sullivan County butters every biscuit, you better know it don’t want biscuits just walking naked into your mouth. That’s not a way to treat biscuits. Show them the respect they deserve.
Other words invade the conversation. Y’all can’t cross the line enough. It likes to fly around east Tennessee. You hear it buzz in Bristol. It comes all fancy free. Can’t be anything but a charm that flirts with the ear. Tells the ear: ‘We’re all country here. Let y’all into the conversation. It’s shy, you know. Went to the Grand Ol Opry and stopped the show.
All the y’all they is wouldn’t hurt nobody. You hear a y’all coming you know it’s a southern expression with four heads, seven arms, more legs than a herd of cattle. It’s sweet and will tell you the truth. Don’t every think y’all will stretch the truth.
You see y’all was born in Bristol. It’s birthday coming up. We got celebration coming. Y’all better know we get a lot from y’all. Maybe good fortune, happiness that comes to us cause it knows we use y’all all the time. Morning, noon and night. You wake us we’ll speak some bad grammar. Y’all hear it coming out of our mouths you better duck.

Law of Strawberry Pie

Want to have good fortune? Raise happy children? Ensure the chances of you having a happy marriage? Win the admiration of those you most respect?  Maybe allow everyone to see you at your best? Lend cheerfulness to the dinner table? Serve a strawberry pie. Allow it to put its best foot forward. Meet everyone with a smile. A charming personality. A fondness for nostalgia. Never a harsh word to say.
The urge to accommodate others. Friendship, long relationships from childhood. Meaningful encounters with old acquaintaces. Reaching out across the aisle. It’s like picking strawberries. Some of them are sweet and others are tart. They kick you in the shin. Down you go tumbling down a hole in the ground. That’s what I call falling into a mess of trouble. You shouldn’t pick strawberries unless you pick them in Sullivan County. Anywhere else the strawberries will turn you into foreigners.
Them that don’t speak english. And don’t no nary a custom. In east Tennessee we are subject to the Law of Strawberries. They don’t allow us to eat no blackberries, no raspberries, no cherries, no mulberries on Saturdays. It’s strawberry’s day. It’s a holiday everybody looking forward to in Bristol.
Everybody in east Tennessee can’t wait till Saturday rolls around. So we can sit down to some strawberry pie. You see we earned it. We did everything we could to stay within the Law of Strawberry Pie. Which means we honest, hard working folks who didn’t bend the Law of Strawberry.
We stick to the law. We toes the line. We never told anyone blackberries were good. Or cherries could bring you to the altar of love. Somebody fall in love with you just as you biting a cherry. We never confided anything so pretentious. We ain’t crazy we know strawberries are jealous. And we know what strawberry pies give us. The honesty to speak the truth. If we done wrong strawberry pie will give some slack. Change our mood from gloom to bliss. The taste of a strawberry pie like nothing else. It pleases us like we was noble and good. Like we was deserving of strawberry pie. Which we may not be. Having failed the strawberry crowd. Not picked enough. Not selecting the best strawberries to tide us over. Give us hope. Break the pattern of blackberries that got a poor attitude. Think they’re all the only berry in the fields. We know better.
The strawberry pie listens to every word we say. It writes it all down. And if it don’t like anything about what we say, it hides from us. Strawberry pie. You can’t find it anywhere in Bristol. You can look in the cupboard, the refrigerator or out on the porch. You won’t find strawberry pie. It’s invisible.
Which is quite disappointing. Like your best friend doesn’t want to talk to you. Turned its back to you. Don’t like nothing about you. Strawberry pie. You don’t want to hurt its feelings. It’s a debonair and charming pie. Right from antebellum. The whole Confederate Army was infatuated with it. That southern accent. The red lips that kissed every soldier. Kept them warm at night. Told them a bedtime story. And if they needed encouragement got deep inside them. And gave them a good talking to. Right there in their stomach. That big auditorium. Where all great orators speak against tyranny.
The tyranny of blackberries on the vine. They can’t defend themselves from charges of conspiracy. Saying strawberries started to tell the world lies. Or strawberries started didn’t start the American Revolution. That was raspberries that done that. Why deny the raspberry superiority. Everybody knows the raspberry will give you a blessing. Like an hour of harmony. Confidence enough to last the afternoon. Maybe squelch your appetite. And at the same solves your personal problems. Getting between us and them relatives that don’t like raspberries too much. Until a raspberry gives them a compliment. I mean nothing can praise the human race like a raspberry picked in the wild of east Tennessee.
Strawberries deserve better. Bad press for them is often bandied about. You read about strawberries in the newspaper standing up to blackberries at the county fair. It takes a lot out of strawberries to fight off them contenders.
I love it when strawberry pie talks to me. Tells I’m a smart guy. It can’t believe I wrote this. Of course, it don’t read much. Because the time it takes to read such a piece of this the pie has been eaten.
Maybe somewhere a strawberry pie is waiting for you. Don’t forget to look inside that pie box where great things hide. Careful not to make a sound. Or breathe too loud. Snore. Or cough. A sneeze will give away its hiding place.
And the strawberry pie will slip away.

Walnuts In Bristol Remember Us As Children

I’m planning on asking corn for a blessing. Cabbage is good for a few hours of happiness. Spinach lets us roll with the punches. If okra had its way we would all be kings and queens. As it stands we live in Bristol, and know which fruit and vegetable will give us what we need.
If we need to make an important decision in east Tennessee we nibble raw carrots. We chew celery. The crunches come right out and bow. They’re at our service. Tells us the difference between right and wrong. You crack a walnut and you’re going to get a reward. Joy is a cracked wallet. Let’s not discuss the sweetness. Let’s acknowledge the truth a walnutlnet yields.
Gets inside us and starts a war against malnutrition. If you got an upset stomach the walnut will hold a conference with it. Quite a diplomat. We love walnuts in Bristol because they gives a sense of contentment. The emptiness that lives inside us sees the walnut coming and runs off to join the Foreign Legion.
See them wobbly legs running out of the country of the stomach. The good ol U.A.A. Ain’t nothing in the stomach but a fine country gentleman. A country lady sitting on a front porch rocking the afternoon away.
You never know when you’re going to need a walnut. Or a peach or pear. When trouble comes we need to take a bite out of the right food. Grits got a manner of talking that would put a grizzly bear to sleep. Butter has the right touch to awaken the sleeping sun from its nest in the night. Up an oak tree. That’s night sleeping with its legs crossed, all bundled up with grass and leaves. A newspaper over its chest. A little night reading ease night’s mind.
The walnuts in Bristol remember us as children. They reminisce about us. Throwing baseballs and footballs high in the air, knocking down a few walnuts. Then smashing them with a hammer. Like they did something wrong. The sweet meat jumping out and singing like a church choir. We loved walnuts. And they loved us back. Gave us the blessings that children wait for. The hammer asking them for a favor. Let’s eat some walnuts. We need to feel the power that walnuts give children in east Tennessee. A kind of superiority, like we was kings and queens. We carried them bags of walnuts home with us. We ate them for good luck. We ate them because they whispered to us secrets. Like what’s a chicken sitting on top of our house? How did it get up there? Chickens don’t fly. What’s a lark singing about? If not the morning sky? Where does the red barn go when the sun goes down? Does it hide behind the green hills? All quiet and noble like? Readt to pounce on the first splotch of morning light to creep along Sullivan County.
Night is all about keeping starlight from telling us what to do. Showing us too many things in the dark. Some things should remain hidden. Covered by the hands of our ancestors. The dark holding them for ransom. What must we give dark to retrieve our fallen warriors.
Memory fades like dust washed off our hands. It bathes us in the soft clouds of yesterday. We float along the cool surface of history, not certain if we can stay afloat long enough to understand the past. The confusion arrives from the light that the many centuries before shine on our path. Which way do we turn to know our ancestors. We listened to the voices that cast down their shadows.
We cannot believe everything the shadows say. They speak of light as though it had no qualms about turning night into day. How dare the night encroach on the light when the sun goes down. A revenge for centuries of tortured dawn grabbing the night by its toes and pulling into the light. The dark crying like a cricket. Fumbling for its private belongings.
The shadows never expecting the sun as a predator. The shadows with their eyes closed. Nothing in their heads. They often exaggerate their self worth. And discount what lies ahead. A blue sky waiting to thumb a ride with each man, woman and child in Bristol.
Next time shadows meet in the corners of Bristol we hope they tell each other what they know about the day. In that way, the night would end with a stiff upper lip. The courage to enter the fray simply its duty. Knowing the odds are not in its favor. Though it surely wishes to fight the good fight.  Its reputation on the line. Everyone knows it’s all about doing what’s right.

On Creative Writing

If you want to draw water from the well, you must first find the well. Keep an eye out for wells with four corners. There the currents run deep and not all the water wants to be dranked. It may well shy away from you. Hide in the crevices deep within the well. Dark and murky. You pen may be blind to the water’s way of living.
The insertion of your pen into the well is a delicate matter. First, notice if the sunlight is showing the sweet spots. The pen has no way of discerning where the currents will pull it downward. The water is calm along the surface. It’s gets fierce and demand as your pen falls deeper into the bottom where the thoughts swim and play.
Catching those thoughts will require the proper bait. The thoughts with their fins working to keep them afloat. The gils of thoughts allowing them to breathe under the page. You ask the pen to dive under the surface. It may not understand this urge to partake of the depths of a page.
The white water holding still, anticipating the arrival of the pen. The well that the pen draws from my swell to a width of Sullivan County. Or it may shrivel up to the size of speck of dust. Either way the pen’s responsibility is drink its fill. And return to the surface. Spit out everything it knows. Everything it heard or saw deep beneath the page.
What’s there? A kingdom to be won. A conflict like no other under the sun. There are blessings to be gathered. The pen catching them as they run toward the dark. Drinking the water from the well. It tends to give in once found. A well with a kind face. All smiles. Sitting with its back to a wall. Have you ever seen a more beautiful sight as a pen returning with its fill. Brimming the words of a story. The words dribbling down its chin.
The published story like a fish mounted on a wall. Looking like it was minding its business until it took the bait. Swallowed the pen. The ears of the pen hearing every tiny sound in the pond, a rectangular page once empty, quiet, now suddenly the thrashing upon the first bite.
The pen reeling in the words. They flash and wriggle on the surface. You can’t be expected to catch them all. Just few hundred of them is all you need. Get your net out. Stoop down. The pen bending beneath the weight of five hundred words. Their mouths gubbing the air. Out of breath.
Soon the buttered skillet licking its lips. Every writer knows how to prepare words. Cut off their tails. Let the words spill their guts. The knife anticipating meeting the bones half way. Asking them to give themselves up. If only the head would follow. The knife rubbing its back to scaly sentence.
This fish was caught deep in a page. The pen dropped a line in a pretty white lake. I’m hoping you enjoy what I caught.

Why Bristol Got A Bright Future

It’s never easy being a small southern town. Sometimes there are large southern towns that try and push us around. Bristol plays it cards right. We’re quite shrewd about canasta, pinochle, bridge, and then there’s poker. You understand, don’t you, that Bristol is lucky.
We have these junebugs in Bristol. And we fish with them. Catch a fish everytime we drop a line in Holston Lake. Watauga Lake hates it when we fish over at Holston Lake. Plum jealous. What you going to do? It’s a lake. Even a moonlit lake can’t presume to tell us what to do. We’re happy, though, lakes talk to us. We hate it when lakes give us a cold shoulder.
Who shuffles the days will win a fortune if they deal from the bottom of the deck. You know they as well have days hidden up their sleeves. I love to hear the shuffle like a waterfall out at Steele Creek. You want take your shoes and wade in the water. Let the coolness wash over you. You feet smiling at the minnows at they pass by on their way to catching tiny insects that worship at the bottom of a mountain creek. Just thumbing their noses at the big fish. Cause they know big fish don’t let the little things in life bother them.
The junebugs entice the fish by promise the moon. The fish are all the time seeing light from the moon dangle in front of them. Looks sweet. Like it was a worm with them beautiful blue eyes. The moonlight pitching horseshoes every chance it gets.
The junebugs devise their methods from old alchemy. A sleight of hand. A few dark words whispered in the fish’s ear does the trick. The fish accepts the bribe. The promise of knowing ancestors of Appalachian pioneers. That’s Bristol in a nutshell. All tied up in red bow. Give it to anybody who wants it. Got to come and live here, though.
Bristol’s aching for a fight with the days to come. They think they’re better than we are. We’ll show them who’s boss. We’ll charm them, give them grits and country ham, biscuits can divide, multiply and add. We got biscuits in Bristol that are certified public accountants. All you got to do is bring a stick of butter and your appetite. And they’ll make good on their promise to do your taxes. No big deal.
The generosity of the junebug well know, since the junebuy buzzed around Abraham Lincoln during the Gettysburg Address. Landed on his right shoulder. Buzzed like a buzzsaw. Lincoln understood the junebuy, so he didn’t interrupt the junebug quoting from the U.S. Constitution them lines about the Thirteenth Amendment our favorite part

How Bristol Got Common Sense

Earned it by studying the source. It lived with us. We knew it. At first, we couldn’t believe it. How could some creature with such a long nose possess intelligence. The horse of all resources. Somebody bet on the nag. Who would’ve guessed all the wisdom of the ages reside its flesh and blood.
The horse had no way knowing it would be so popular. We attributed to the horse a bounty of intelligence. Emotions felt deeply. You could hear the horse’s heart beat in the Holy Scripture. In every word of the Gettysburg Address, the U.S. Constitution and every song Hank Williams wrote and sang.
The horse trotting across east Tennessee. Making itself obvious. Preferring to introduce itself to us privately. We were drawn to it, by something that we understood lay inside the animal.
The horse’s maned glowed in sunlight. Telling us everything we need to know. We were indebted to the horse for everything.
The horse quite modest for such a scholar. After all its diet was oats and straw. What happened was it ate the green grass in Bristol. And combined with the oats and straw the horse was given the freedom to speak with us. Bristol was all ears.
We knew the horse was a large beast from centuries past. Prehistorically speaking it snorted, neighed, chortles. We must’ve heard it burst half a dozen times. The long neck caught us gazing at it. A spectacle to behold. The tail we noticed hung around for the ride. The snorts of the horse, short stories with a moral. Sometime a sonnet would come out of the horse and you could feed an apple right out of your hand. One whiny full of charm and grace was worth more than a Bach concertos. The horse’s terribly happy too see us. The eyes of a tender horse looking inside us for a place to lie down. That was what persuaded us it was by its nature gifted with blessings.
Common sense was one of the blessings we received. We wished for a measure of common sense that would serve us for a thousand years.
Common sense got up and answer the door when we come calling. Flowers and candy in our hand. Heard its footsteps. Saw the doorknob’s nose turn a few backflips. A voice deep and cool. It come from a four legged master of love and forgiveness. The horse is what give us common sense. By any other name it’s horse sense. Know the important things. Honesty is where the horse found the fountain of horse wisdom. Drank there and teaches us what to say and do.
Horse sense swishing its tail. Pulling a buggy full of love and wisdom. You’ve got to watch horse sense it can gallop off. Drag you clear across Sullivan County. You get more chiggers than a big green mountain. Them waterfalls at Steele Creek will whisper you name. Doing the right thing makes the birds sing. The cows moo that long sweet good morning to the Blue Ridge Mountains eating a bowl of grits. Help yourself.
My goodness, I run out of spoons and napkins.

How Bristol Got Courage

Courage stubbed its toe. Had to go to the chiropractor. A little gray haired guy in Bristol. We know a lot about courage. We were pioneers once who broke into the cave where virtues are hidden. And removed those virtues that wiggle their tails at us. Some flew across the room. Others tiptoes on all four legs. We believed we need their advice and company.
And so courage got handed down. It fell right out of a small wooden box hidden in Bristol. You knew there was courage in there because your heard a voice say, ‘Do you need me? I’m called upon often yet no one tells me what to say.’
Courage is quite good at speaking the truth. It blooms from Courage’s lips like a red rose. The petals shiny as red pennies. Take a look in courage’s eyes. What do you see? Davy Crocket debating the honey question with a grizzly bear. Davy winning it with grin that won the west, east and every other direction as the crow flies.
Know courage by its deeds. The medals of battles won mean little or noting. No more important than the snapping turtle shell abandon on the shore of Steele Creek. Collecting taxes from ants and that sun beating down on it. You don’t want to know the wrong that courage done.
It was more than a hundred years ago when courage visited a small town called Bristol. And thanked for coming. Cause we’d heard about it. Come in on a early train. We met it at the station.
Shook hands with courage. Told it how much admire it. And if we could ask what do you expect from us? We’re Bristolians. We don’t riled up by much. We ain’t fought a war since Robert E. Lee wrote his name on that document that ended the War Betwixt The States. Cut off the ears of anger. Broke its nose, pulled out its teeth. And began speaking to the multitudes.
We learned from courage what lacked. An uncanny gift that courage gave us. We could speak the truth more often. Indeed, our promises would never break. We agreed that should we falsify our thoughts we would suffer for it. Muscle aches, snoring, eating too much, not going to church as often as we should.
Everybody in Bristol knows courage by its first name. Knows it habits, hanging around the boxing rink, the U.S. Army Enlistment booth sitting right on State Street. Smiling like it had its eye on every young person who could chew gum.
Friendly courage licked our hands. Sat in our laps. We throw a stick in the backyard courage fetches it. Of course, there’s the small difference. Unlike the dog, courage sometimes thinks for itself.
Courage told me to write this. It come up to me the other day and waved it hands in the air, jumping up and down. Trying to get my attention. I swear I wan’t watching that plate of fried chicken, them biscuits buttered and calling my name. Gravy sitting its long arms swimming in a bowl. Then come what was the fubak straw -- apple pie in the kitchen. A knife at its throat. Delicate fingers measuring it for a small plate. A dish that shimmered with love.
Though I will tell you earlier in the day someone took a slice. And that hurt me real bad. I heard the pie cry out. It said my name. What can I do?
I hope my words jump over the ivied wall. You might find them thumbing for rides all over east Tennessee.

Bristol Reads A Book Every Second of The Day

Many of us in Bristol are blessed by the gift of reading. It was given to us long ago in grammar school. The gift was wrapped in red ribbon, blue paper shiny and reflecting our future. We found the gift beneath the Christmas tree, next to a small log cabin in which toy pioneers lived.
Some of us wanted to read and others weren’t too sure about it. The refusal to read was weighed against using one’s time wisely. The refusers had taken their oath to baseball, soccer, tyring to play the guitar, jumping on a bicycle and running off to war. There was always a water gun fight going on Bristol somewhere. For some of dying in battle was an honor.
We enjoyed getting to know books and what was contained inside them. These toy pioneers with their faces brightly lit in the sunlight that falls on east Tennessee. A sweet light you can spread on bread. A jam that speaks the truth. Never asks you anything. Muchness ask you to promise to remember that every word in a book is green like spinach, cabbage, okra, string beans. And so when plowing through a book we found green words.
Words full of nourishment and starlight. Sometimes your eye would squirh word and out would flower carrot juice. Drink it down we hear a voice call from inside the book. Somewhere in a castle. The room in which the cry comes is always decorated with white doilies, lace curtains, a goldfish swimming around in a fishbowl.
Don’t you know nothing about the reading process? It’s a magic trick we figured up a few thousand years ago. All during one of them ages. Dark age, middle age, stone age. You got to put your money on one of them ages and see if it can cross the finish line. Or is it lying on its belly somewhere in the vicinity of yesterday. Way back when letters were just learning to walk and talk. Squeaking like rusty hinges when they tell a story.
What got them words going was they loved humanity. The eyes of people gave words a thrill. Like a first kiss. You know one of them lightning bolts from a tall freckled kid sitting on the school bus. A look in his eye like he was giving away his soul. All tiny and puckered up.
Lips shouldn’t move during reading. Silence is golden in the book’s presence. Any other source of sound can frighten the words away. Words got feelings. They got family. They ain’t dumb. They went to school. At least the third grade. Then the words went to work in Bristol.
And now, look what they done.

On Jealousy

Hear it roar. Close the door. It’s get’s cold inside the cage. Don’t have to visit the wild to get bitten by a tiger. You might find one living in your house. Working on a novel. Writing about the shortcomings of young cats. They can’t seem to get the knack of marriage. Some don’t keep the vows of their marriage vows. They can’t find their vows. The vows have been eaten, pounced upon by a hungry wild animal.
We who know better know less. The broken promise sits with its legs crossed on the floor. It asks where is the nearest yoga class? Jealousy with thick eye glasses squinting at the accused. Where’s jealousy when you need it? When love fails, there is an equal and opposite reaction. What am I saying? I’m getting to know jealousy like it was a friend.
Jealousy wants evrybody in Sullivan County to know its not going to back down. So forget it. Don’t let it into your head. Jealousy is not dead. It’s living in a two room walk up on Anderson Street. Got a hot plate. Sometimes hangs out at the pool hall. Throws horseshoes on Saturday mornings. You don’t have a chance.
Jealousy has no legs. It hops along. Don’t tickle it with a feather. Nor ask it for a kiss. Jealousy isn’t ready to fall into the abyss. It’s going to hang on by its fingernails.
Throw it a rope. Catch it when it falls. Jealousy is always riding in a leaky boat. It always catches its limit. It sees its beautiful face in a reflection in Watauga Lake. The eyes rise in the east and set in the west. There are no wild geese flying high overhead.
Look under the sofa, look under a stone. Jealousy is what makes us feel alone. It may lift up in the air and drop us on our heads. We’re never too certain what jealousy will do when it sets its mind to it. It could be a certified public accountant or a professional tennis player on the pro circuit. It could play the lottery and come up a millionaire winner. One of those chubby cheeked bow legged guys who didn’t have a dime to his name until he hit the jackpot.
You can understand jealousy when it talks. It’s aways eating grits, gravy, biscuits, pork chops. Jealousy lives in Bristol. We see it once a while, coming out of a red convertible. Jealousy with its seven children. I’m not saying anyone around here dislikes jealousy. I just refer you to its long history of getting mad because somebody sneaking around.
I’m not one for mischief. Jealousy has a pretty face and I can imagine everyone fancying jealousy as their admirer. Someone who observes the positive things about a partner. Then observes that same partner falling off the roof of Love. And I don’t mind tell you, when you take that fall you’re going to break something.
The cure for jealousy is a cold shower. A fat roasted pig with an apple in its mouth. You push jealousy around it just falls apart. It’s weak. You can’t tell me jealousy is a virtue.
You can burst that bubble with a pin. The bang might do the world some good.

In Praise of Steele Creek

Looking through the rear end of a telescope you can see east Tennessee. We in every telescope made since 1886. Or thereabouts. Don't think we're bragging. But you've got to understand we got green that will give you a kiss on the cheek. Shake your hand. If you need a friend, if you just don't feel like getting to know wild flowers, trees, lakes, wild animals then we understand.
Green is what Steele Creek offers. It's a place that sits in the wood. A place in Bristol all green from the tops of our heads to the bottoms of our feet. We're nature loves. We got long rolling green hills that would charm a woodchuck right out of a creek full of fish swimming around in the sparkling blue water of Steele Creek. Got ourselves one nice looking park.
You see Steele Creek you seen a place that got a likeness to the Garden of Eden. We sisters. The earth out at Steele Creek will tell you things nothing else can. The trees bloom and you can see Heaven in them. Butterflies, wasps, animals that love fishing and grabbing everything in life they can.
The questions that Steele Creeks asks are all green and leafy. They make us grow tall. The greenest leaves in the world fall in Steele Creek Park. We make salad with them. We're going to live a hundred years. Be fishing and hunting till we can't catch up with time. It just jumping like a jackrabbit.
Them questions with their pointed ears. Like who do you think you are? Can you swim? Hunt? Play a guitar? Tell a lie that don't go away. Sits ontop of White Top Moutain chewing on a straw. Them questions that open our eyes. Love is the center of every thing in the world. Green the virtue that sits in trees, flowers. See it running along the grass. Steele Creek got green down. It can turn us green. We feel young. Like we was teenagers. Give me that beach ball. Let's ride a horse around Steele Creek.
We ain't saying we got talking snakes. It's just beautiful. The whole woods of that area could please Henry David Thoreau. He lived in Steele Creek. Right over there on the southend, next to the pine trees whispering the Gettysburg Address. We love to go out there and listen to the bees buzz around Sullivan County. Come back with some bit of news. The George Washington Inn doesn't accept reservations from polecats, foxes or quilled uncouth, sorry vagrants like the porcupine with a personality problem. Too controlling, lousy tippers.
Do you know that Steele's lakes hold the moonlight in their arms. Sing a lullaby to the green hills of east Tennessee. Let the night rock their baby to sleep. Steele Creek's every bit proud of its contribution to Bristol. We so grateful we talk about Steele Creek like it was full of everything we need. Every bit of love we share in Bristol makes Steele Creek park sit up straight.   Proud to be respected, loved and honored for its service. The spruces trees, the maple trees, the hickory trees are all in agreement. Steele Creek is the finest collection of exotic southern botany on this here planet earth. Consarn the public who ain't benn wading in our mountain streams. Never let the water in our lakes rub you all over. It's better than a masseuse. It can get them knots out. One, two, three. You don't have to ever tip it. The salary that lakes earn is enough to live rich.
Steele Creek looks like royalty. But it's just one of us. Country people who just happened to be green. Trees, bushes, hills that will talk to you when you get lonely. Never tell you a lie. Sing like a lark to you, until you tell it to knock off. You got to get some sleep.
At night, Steele Creek bask in the starlight. It never demands anything more than it deserves. The moon rolling along them mountains, playing a banjo, singing like Tennessee Ernie Ford. And I don't nothing by it. Just don't ask Steele Creek to take a bow. It's kind of shy.
It would go and hide if it knew people wouldn't mind. Do you think that would be unkind? Of course, it's all right for Bristol to stick its nose into Steele Creek's business. It's got nothing hide. Except maybe a few wild deer, rabbits. You never what Steele Creek's got up its sleeve. Them woods got eyes that wink at us when we visit. The woods with them big ears tall as a elm tree. The noise the wind makes sounds like Henry David Thoreau talking in his sleep. Them mountain creeks singing like Conway Twitty, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Waylan Jennings.
Country music loves Steele Creek like its mama. Come and visit. Bring your guitar, fishing rod, you never know what you'll catch. Here the woods are full of subtle reminders of our pioneer ancestry. They hum like cicadas, the chimes of crickets play in the woods all night. The starlight could never ever felt so good as when it comes to Steele Creek and lie down on some pinecones. This park is where our dreams come from. They leap and splash in the lake. The calls of birds have everything to gain. We hear them and we know the truth. We know the difference between and wrong.
It's all written down on Steele Creek. We consider a contract we signed a long time ago. It's quite an extraordinary partnership with town. We don't mind if we get a few leaves in our shoes. A little dirt under our feet. We come to Steele Creek every chance we get. It gives us what we need. It looks inside us. What is it that we are missing? When we go to Steele Creek we always receive the gift. We take it home. Put it on the dresser. It shimmers with starlight. We can wear to special occasions, like the weekend. Waiting for us like an old friend. Knowed us in high school.
What Steele Creek give us we don't deserve it. We only know we're fortunate folks for knowing Steele Creek. We must've done something great. Unexpected like discover country music. We recorded the first sessions of country folks playing and singing. Steele Creeks knows all about it. Every bird that warbles, every fish that leaps is all excited about it. Can't believe our good fortune. Or was it our ears picthing in. Hearing music that was extraordinary. And we wanted the world to hear what we heard.
The Carter Family took country music into their hands. Carried it for a hundred years or more. They still got it.
Where did sleep get off so easily? We know its punishing everybody in Bristol. Sleep doesn’t like us. It’s always crying about our lack of discretion. Watch your waistline. I ain’t going to tell you how many times sleep has insisted we don’t eat right before bed. It’s contrary to sleep’s law of the bed. Sleep tells bed whether you committed the act of eating too much. Your belly swelling over the years to the size of that blimp that blew us so many years ago. Wasn’t that sad? It shocked the world.
Sleep is a citizen of the world. We hold fast to our promises to sleep. Perhaps sleep has heard the rumors. The human race doesn’t get enough sleep. Which is why we can’t solve mathmatical equations that require the use of alchemy, the magic tricks that numbers do amaze the human race.
Sleeps all upset about the afternoon nap poaching on sleep’s time. Got that fine. Yanked its nose. Listening for the whisper of a horseshoe falling from the sky. Listen for that clink on the head that makes everybody feel like they was important.
Those who have had trouble with sleep confess a undetermined faith in sleep has affected our chances. Sleep wants people to understand one thing. Sleep don’t take nothing off nobody. The silence and sleep are best friends. They go all the way back to Adam and Eve. Both good sleepers. Adam on his side. Eve got her head stuck under the pillow after that apple catastrophe.
Sleep comforts both the rich and poor. Sleep travels light. Only a small bag full of dreams. One for the boy who lives in the wood who always wanted to do good, until he fell for the honey mustard and country ham sandwich in the middle of the night. What are we doing to our stomachs?
Let’s not exaggerate the importance of sleep. It’s coy, embarrassed by the attention it receives. Did you sleep well? How was it? Sleep having a thousand legs. Long arms that can reach the stars.
Do you hear the inquiry into sleep.  There’s a trick question on everyone’s lips in the morning. What are those circles under your eyes? Do we put in our years into those poaches. The bags beneath our eyes hold to our years. Speak to us of tradition and honor. The things our fathers and mothers told us time and again. ‘
What is it that our aches and pains tell us, if not of our love given, or withdrawn. The heart’s mountain we climbed to find our loved ones waiting for us. The wince that pinches your side when you rise early in the morning. Sunlight sitting, crocheting a lovely lace handkerchief.
What did we do to loosen our grip on our youth. We let go so soon. It floated upward like a red balloon. Sometimes we see in the late afternoon. The sky pushing a red wagon full oranges and nectarines.
And when over the line. Too old for humankind. The mirror asking us to go gently away. Don’t look. Fortunately those who get their sleep understand the aging process is honest and hard working. We just wish it would relax. Take a seat. Make yourself comfortable.
Crowsfeet have as much fun as dimples. Hey, you ever see a dimple ride in a red convertible down State Street, waving to the crowds?
I’ve never seen a wrinkle that didn’t have a complaint. The wrinkle closes the door to yesterday, and it’s don’t enjoy shining a light on the clock. That varment with the curly tail and that nasty barking them tocks. Let’s not let ticks or tocks get between us.
The wrinkles grumbled, drank down a whole bucket of moonshine. Somebody, I think it was a lawnmower said a curse word in Bristol. What do you suppose happened to foul mouth machine?
I heard it confessed and changed into a weed whacker. Did a hundred yards in Bristol. With what was left over that lawyer there come a garden hoe, a shovel, maybe a backyard barbecue. If you’re interested I got his number.

Old Silver Dollar

Some people in Bristol try and make heads or tails out of the hours in a day. They’d like to know what side that old silver dollar is going to show. Put its face on a ten dollar bill. Sing like Tennessee Ernie Ford. I just drawed his name out of hat. These smell ole red roses. You should’ve seen them yesterday. They broken rocks, leaves, dust on the bookshelf.
Truth is they don’t got a head or a tail. They don’t have ears, neither. They gobble us up. Them hours with the silver tails and the straw hats. All barefoot, grinning like Tennessee Ernie Ford. That grin climbed up the social ladder. And asked its mouth for permission. Let the world hear my voice. ‘Sixteen Tons.’ That song busted down the door. Climbed up them long stairs to celebrityhood. Got to know all them Hollywood greats. Southern music got a hand in your pocket, going to take all your talent.
Them gifts that the hours give are not always good. Greed, Love, Forgiveness go in the same crowd. Sit through a seminar on how to lie, cheat and steal.
Hours playing horseshoes. A ringer everytime. The hour that knows its way in the world unfortunately is dead, dumb and blind. Just a miniature grandfather lock with hands that strum the Blue Ride Mountains like a guitar. Sing with such force the minutes fold their hands and close their eyes.
Hours with the big chests puffed up. Never trust an hour. Never speak ill of what it does. Where it goes. What’s it doing in Bristol. Right now. Is it strolling along State Street, hands stuck in its pockets like it knew that a bowl of grits down there. Maybe a plate of pork chops. Gravy giving me the sign. A nod that pushes us into the waiting minutes. The minutes confined to their rooms. Only a telephone and a TV. Maybe some Hank Williams songs bursting the eardrums of little mice that crawl under the bed. They know the bed will save them. Why?
Let me tell you with a sigh. Beds love us all. Humanity got a good night’s sleep by asking for forgiveness. Beds are all softies. A few allow no visitors, no cowards who can’t save the human race.
The minutes race around Bristol. During the wee hours of the morning minutes remove their clothes and scream at the seconds. Those mite size insects pitching horseshoes in the dark. Not too smart.
They just little cups of buttermilk. Sip them down and you’re living the life of an east Tennessean. You know with them potatoes and cabbage and corn sticking out of your britches. You done picked a mess of mustard greens. You smell like a red tomato that been out in the sun.
Not that we don’t know when they’re coming and why. Them hours got pretty faces and telling us things we don’t believe. One hours as good as another. They all related on the mother’s side. Full of honest God’s love. More than the red rose, more than the corn field standing for what is right, waiting to ripen.
And then bursting with honesty. Corn’s integrity established way yonder. Thousands of years all wiggling their ears. It’s a revolution. Doing what’s right for the majority of Americans. Turning a deaf ear to big fat lies. All soppy and chubby cheeked. Don’t you know it’s bowlegged and shorter than the dot of an i. Turn a lie into a buttercup. That yellow going to chase you all over Sullivan County. You ain’t got a chance.
You’ve got to catch one, peal it like a potato and throw it into a buttered skillet. Let it know who’s boss. Or you will suffer a great loss. It’s fast on its feet. Can jump over tall mountains. It does what’s right when wrong comes to town. Gets off that bus at Bristol Station. Smiles at everybody. Bumps into all the beautiful women in Bristol. We got women who will tell you who wrote a book. They read, which is quite handy.
Though I tell you with a lump in my heart, I feel sorry for the human race. It’s got honesty on its side. You’d think they get together and play some horseshoes. Eat some apple pie. The apples of Bristol bestowe gifts. Don’t get me starterd. One bite of a Bristol apple and you burst with joy. An apple gives the human race its appetite for love and harmony in the world. What’s appple going to do? It’s got a bucket list of things it wants to do.
Thank the Lord for country music. Bristol discovered it when it was looking under its bed. They never spoke directly what made them sing and play them country ballads all full of joy and grief and maybe jealousy. The broken promises biting our backs and kicking us.
And one more thing. You got to watch where you’re going. Too many bumps will get you cited for contempt of country music. And you know what happens when country music loses its temper. It’s get hotter a skillet in the death of winter. It takes a lot to offend country music. We’re thicked skinned artists like the grizzly bear being stung repeatedly by psychotic moonshiners who stutter and spit their tobacco. I guess spitting is a sport. I hate to tell anybody. But it’s digusting. The rude behavior of someone chewing tobacco, possessing many gifts, I’m certain.
How ever the gift of the savage is a wreath of gold. You know he won it cause look at that smile. Bright as a silver. One that he can flip all day long. It’s a great honor to be tossed into the air like a baby. How do you know you didn’t fall on your head. The silver dollar’s got a way of talking. It reminisces way back when Bristol was a fresh town with a garden growing out of its head. Them long gets propped up the White Top Mountains. East Tennessed busting with pride. Why? They love silver dollars. The ones that nod in the sunlight. Whisper the Gettysburg Address. Tell us we’re fortunate to live in Bristol. It knows all about us. One day it’s going to write it all down. And throw it off a bridge out at Watauga Lake. Listen for that plop in the moonlight.
Silverdollars make us ask better questions? They increase our net worth. They stand tall and answer any questions. Any questions at all. Let’s never underestimate the power of the silver dollar. This one is all shiny. But it might believe you’re a poor prospect. Silver dollars like to bet on a sure thing.

Nothing's Blindspot

It’s not enough. It’s less than more. And when it gets right down to it, there’s a hole in the floor. An emptiness that no one can fill. Nothing’s got pretty eyes. Have you ever seen anything so charming? Wholesome, well mannered, the epitome of what we know and admire. All for its own good. The appetite nothing for its favorite things is quite ravenous.
You can’t overfeed it. Nothingness grows tall, fat. Can’t walk comfortably, a clumsy gait stroll along State Street. Waving at everybody in Bristol. Stepping toward no particular shop. A stooped, stiff movement of its legs. Head down, neck bowed, as though something on the sidewalk catches its attention.
Nothing’s there. Nothing wherever we go. It’s goes to the bank, deposits a few checks. As it turns to leave, you notice on it’s face an unexpected sadness. It drops its eyes as though noticing something fallen.
It bends to pick up a penny at its feet. Its legs flexed slightly at the hips and knees like crouching, with the knees and thighs straightening as it rises. And moving nonchalantly toward the door, legs taking a scissors-like movement, its heels clacking along the linoleum of the bank.
There’s nothing about nothing that suggests it possesses a kind, caring personality. Everyone in Bristol knows nothing. We cope with its precocious need for attention. We pretend we love nothing. Want the best for it. Observe in its selfishness a deleterious character which may influence our children. We don’t allow our children to play with nothing.
Nothing has a big nose, Roman chin. It reads constantly. You’ll find it at the bus depot and siting in the public library, thumbing through the newspaper. Or a hunting or fishing magazine. It chews gum, tobacco. It’s worst habit is a lethargy.
Does do much to help out the poor and hungry in Bristol. It’s stingy with its money and its time. It possesses an extravagant sense of self worth. We wish for it every good fortune. Though we know its a stiff old man. Self serving, never caring much for those around it.
Once nothing hiked up the Blue Ridge Mountains. It had on its usual blue jeans. That duck-like walk gave it way. It’s got relatives up in the mountains who haven’t seen it in years. Nothing visits for an hour. Shares lunch. A plate of biscuits and gravy. Pork chops. Nothing loves sweet tea.
Been drinking buttermilk since childhood. Loves fried chicken, mustard greens. Nothing has good table manners. It don’t slurp its soup or chew with its mouth open. Nothing uses a napkin which it tucks under its chin. For a country gentleman, nothing is refined.
Though it knows where it comes from. It’s a little ashamed it ain’t done nothing with its life. Just never found the right woman. Never settled down. It has never won a game of horseshoes in east Tennessee. Ain’t that sad?
Nothing don’t the name of the trees and flowers. When a bird sings nothing don’t know what kind of bird it is. Nothing is not very observant. Got a memory like a bowl of peach cobbler. Can’t think. Nothing don’t care about nobody except itself.
We don’t associate with nothing. It’s persona non grata. Spent some time in the city jail for vagrancy. Called people names. Don’t respect the law. Knows Bristol tolerates it like an old drunken bum. Bristol has better things to do that stands talking about nothing. We shake its hand. But when it comes to asking it home for supper we got better sense.
Who wants nothing sitting in the living room talking a mile a minute about things that its done -- when we know nothing is a great big liar. Them war stories, saving children from drowning at the lake don’t mean nothing.
It’s ain’t rich and famous. Though we know where it lives in Bristol. Got a room upstairs and Granny Taylor’s boarding house. Hot plate, little refrigerator, TV. Though nothing don’t hear too good. So it tries to read lips. If a guitar or fiddle comes on, nothing stares at the screen. It’s not easy being nothing. Got a lot of time on its hands.
You’d think it would learn. Take some advice and change before it’s too late.

Old Reliable

Its birthday come up. Bristol celebrated with a parade up State Street. It seemed the right thing to do, since it was getting old. We sad it’s going to retire. Cause we knowed people going to miss it. Hasn’t been day since we didn’t need it. Asked to do little things around Bristol.
Last time I seen it was on Windsor Avenue, standing on a ladder painting a house. Them birds love to be around when old reliable is in town. Used to live on Moore Street. Everyone adored it. You can’t imagine how many people wanted to know it. A great guy who could turn a problem into a solution.
Devoted to enterprises. Family problems seemed less a burden. Once old reliable come around it gave us the permission to appreciate each other. Love is what old reliable counted on to get it through thick and thin. It wasn’t ever so far away we couldn’t call or write it a letter.
Old Reliable was a true friend. Never told us a lie. Never broke a promise. You break a promise and you know what will happen. Doubt will come out, swishing its tail, barking at you like you tried to steal its bone. Hid the red rubber ball under the sofa. Told the cat where it could find doubt’s diner. A bowl of stones in the backyard.
If Old Reliable ever gets too old to be in this world we hope we learned a few things from him. We need his guidance. The careful reasoning that came from him. If we needed money, Old Reliable would sit back, put its legs up on a coffee table and tell us what we needed to do.
Old Reliable believed in hard work. Honesty, pride and loyalty. It never asked us for anything. It gave freely of itself. A big round bellied fellow who lived along Windsor Avenue. We used to see Old Reliable out sweeping the streets. It never turned its back on us.
It greeted us like it had known us our whole lives.

On Football

The things that the football does is what you don’t expect. It never tells you anything about history. You know it can’t count. Can’t read a book. It just goes around looking good, talking it knowed what it was doing.
We thank football for what it done. Changed everybody from men into boys. Girls into women. And we ain’t about to sleight it for that. Our women in Bristol have got a lot of charm. It all come from football. That oblong leather ball that took up with pushing and shoving. Grabbing the pig that was jumping around them green fields. What’s them stripes for? It ain’t no tiger.
We seen them teams protect the football. It being worth a fortune. Men in Bristol received all they ever wanted from a football. It give them pride, loyalty, self esteem, good fortunes. You see football you’ve got to know it’s going to give you a gift.
Maybe something you never expected like a punch in the nose. Somebody grabbing hold of somebody else. Like he robbed a bank. Running off with a bag of twenty dollar bills. Maybe if you see football jump high into the air you will know how to squirm, stiff arm your problems. Get in the clear, run like a wild deer through the woods.
Catch a pass. A spiraling joy that shoots the breeze. Got no troubles. Never’s quite certain if the wind understands its goal in life. Fall into the hands of the wide receiver. His eyes wide as the Blue Ridge Mountains. Accepting the gift. A football with its heart on its sleeve.
Why does the football captivate us so? Are we gullible? Do we owe the football? It’s assisted us in growing. Puberty was on the sidelines watching football. As we grew tall we understood football’s mystique. It was a short game that curled around us and tucked us into bed at night. That bedtime story always delighted us.
Interesting football even though an old sport. Old as the hills. Yet it chews tobacco, spits, tells you that you’re fine, reputable, honest. All the compliments in the world comes from a football bouncing down a green field.
We’ve got catch that football and run away. Show everyone we’re not afraid of people trying to grab our football away. We love each other. We courted each other. Football got a thing for us. Nobody expected us to elope. We’re going to the Great Smokey Mountains on our honeymoon. Soon as the game is over.

The Day Television Died In Bristol

We found it lying on the floor. We don’t know who killed it. We understood our obligation to it so we buried it in the backyard. It being just another farm animal that passed away. Got run over by an automobile or truck. It’s sad. We hated to see television go.
Though honestly we observed the television doing strange things. We saw it in the backyard digging up the grass. Them divots was flying around. We seen television strolling up Windsor Avenue, stopping off at every house, knocking on the door. Trying to sell candy, bags of apples, two baskets of strawberries.
We know it trying to stand on its own two feet. Television when it that feeble, not able to see so well. Can’t read nothing unless it holds the words far out. Maybe a mile and them words perk up, chubby cheeks, long necks that can reach around the corner to knock on another door.
Television did have a bright future. Now it’s a little tricky. People don’t trust television as much anymore. It’s exaggerated its importance. What television gives us is an allotment of news, sports, weather. The words all rolled in biscuit dough. Butter spread on every story. Every bowl of gravy telling us what we already heard.   And if you don’t hear that well, or notice the shortcomings of television you don’t mind the boredom that burns in the fireplace. You don’t have to light it. And I can’t tell you how convenient that is in the winter. In Bristol, we got winters that would chill you right out of your brain. Sometimes it gets so cold here we all feel like snowmen. Don’t anybody ever associate that deviation with television?
We ain’t sorry to see it go. In the old days, they’d have lynched it like a horse thief. Just to see that look on its face, them legs wigging and kicking. Once television goes, we hope they replace with something better. Like a toaster or microwave oven that sings like Hank Williams when you push a button.
The day television died in Bristol they was a lot of people at the funeral. Sad faces, some not so sad. Relieved that it had served its time. We didn’t hold a grudge. We understood its small contribution. Its inability to articulate its opinion. Showing us pictures that right smartly mistook us for their admirers.
The televison grew old. It carried a cane. Had a devil of time climbing stairs. Once it jumped off a bridge at Watauga Lake in the middle of the night. What are we supposed to do about television temper tantrums. When it sobs and sobs. We offer our handkerchiefs so it can blow its nose. We have inkling why television was disappointed in us.
The faith we once placed in television evaporated like the rain. We grew disgruntled by the shame of wasting our lives on an aging coal miner. Got that flashlight stuck on its helmet. Coughing morning, noon and night. We did what we could. We gave it our best years. All we got was a little companionship.
We know we’ve got to feel sad about it. Television just broke down, heart stopped beating. We heard them gasps. Wondered what was happening. Found TV lying on belly, stiff as eight by ten. Its eyes closed so tight its face clenched up. Let’s never allow ourselves to be so gullible again.

Don't Believe Everything Thunder Says

Everytime a country ballad is sung in Bristol the lyrics turn into biscuits and gravy. Pork chops, mustard greens, fried chicken. We don’t know exactly how country music does it. But we got our suspicions. Country music is haunted. Got spirits wandering around the lyrics. Stick their heads out. Strum a guitar, play that fiddle like it was about to bust, if’n that ballad didn’t sing. Tell the whole town of Bristol about its love for our city.
We almost forgot the love of musical instruments. Or so we pretend not to be infatuated with them. We’re afraid they’ll get all cocky. Expect us to listen everytime they wake up in the middle of the night. Do you think we should tell them fiddles and guitars to keep it down. Sleep is essential to our well being, don’t you know.
We ain’t go nothing against a country ballad knocking on our door. Just make it in the middle of the day. And if that country ballad wants to work for us. We got a few chores it can do. Mop the kitchen floor, wash some dishes, throw clothes in the washing machine and listen to them squirts that give us clean clothes. We got socks that are older than Davy Crocket.
Larry Wopper bought a shirt at a yardsale on Windsor Avenue. Somebody told them Tennessee Ernie Ford had once worn it. The shirt looked like it had been hung for doing things most shirts don’t do. Like acquire a dirty collar. Larry thought that shirt had an eye for him. Larry wasn’t certain if the shirt had been worn by Ernie Ford. He took a chance. Paid two dollars for it.
He took that shirt home. And don’t you know it sang for him. The second it got out from the wash it smiled. Told him he was a fine gentleman. Larry that same day had bought some socks there. Who old pairs of sneakers.
And don’t you know them sneakers crooned ‘Sixteen Tons.’ Larry’s in his seventies. A little hard of hearing. His ain’t too good. Ever since he seen the ghost of Hank Williams sitting out on his back porch. Called up everybody in Bristol. All they saw was a big deflated orange balloon with ‘Go Vols’ written on it.
Don’t go believing everything that thunder says. The rain walks whatever thunder says. Loud ain’t good for everybody. Some deaf, I know. Loud with its scruffy beard. Mussed up hair, mouth big as the Great Smoky Mountains. And what’ s coming out? Then tall angry letters beating on their chests. Yelling like a bomb that had its fuse lit. Everybody running in all directions. Scared it might catch up with them. Find them wherever they go.
So don’t go thinking just because you believe everything somebody says is true. East Tennessee, you know, when someone lies here. A apple tree drops a dozen apples. A fish jumps out on Watauga. A rabbit bounds across a green meadow. The grasshopper doesn’t understand how birds can fly. And it can’t. It’s just not in the cards.

The Goat Race

Everybody in Bristol has a unique relationship with goats. We treat them like nephew and neices. Sometimes they treat us like old friends they knew growing up in grade school. The goats aren’t absolutely certain about us. They’re a little stand offish. Like we said something about them that wasn’t pretty. Called them a few derogatory names. Like kid, old man, love your gostee. Your pointed beard is just grand. Can you do any impersonations of jazz musicians with that soul patch?
We give the goats names like Coltrane, Miles Davis, Satchmo. We do it out of respect for the race. A superior creature with blood that gives the goat enourmous knoweldge of blues and jazz. Give them time and they’ll give you a concert. Blow them cool riffs at you. Knock you over with a ballad.
We see them in the field and we wave. They bleat like they was in a Hollywood movie. They missed us something awful. The goats wear bells around their necks. And when they come over they jingle like crazy. The goat’s voice is one of those unmissable sounds in east Tennessee. You hear it once you can’t forget it.
The bleat is full of trees, berries, grass. Them goats enjoy eating whatever grows on the side of hill. It’s one easy to please diner. Just nibbles anything it sees. The goat gives you long screech when it sees you. There’s always the goat asking those impossible questions. What is a carrot? What is celery? Do you have an apple in your pocket? If you do I will be forever grateful.
When goats fall in love all bets are off. They’re not certain if they should be faithful. Which is really kind of cruel when you think about. Where’d they learn that? Hope it wasn’t from no human beings. We don’t need to be blamed for what goats do. If they want to lie, cheat and steal I suspect it’s up to the goat to deal with the consequences.
A goat has a diversity of vices. Can’t turn your back on a goat. Cause it will come and butt you. The revenge motive seems to come from the goat’s suspicion that we was the ones who broke our promise. The one about loving goats more than cows. It never occurred to us the goat would follow us around.
Counting the times we milked the cows. Paid close attention to the cow’s well being. Asking the cow for things it would never ask a goat for. Like good luck, happiness, patience, love of a supreme nature. Being the love of a spouse. Or the adulation of a farm dog. The pig never entered the picture. We shunned them. Because we didn’t want to live in the pig’s shadow. Ribs, pork chops, bacon was taking over mankind.
Not that we’d slight the goat for its milk or cheese. Goat meat could cure the measles, whooping cough, broken heart. You fall in love and later get rejected eat some goat meat and you’ll be back in no time.
The goat race is of humble horned domestic species. Herbivores devouring herbs, grass and tree leaves. They got a look in their eye like a school teacher. History. The kind of knowledge you’d expect from old crows, possums, raccoons. Some cultures love goat hair. They wear it during cold weather.
They similar to sheep. Related on their daddies side three hundred years ago. The split between the species was difficult divorce. The goat go most of the alimony. And all real estate that the sheep owned.
Don’t blame the goat for its fine tastes. It eats anything it can see. What the goat race gave the human race is a gift for gab. Them goats ain’t stopped gabbing for a thousand years. We still trying to find out whether the goat’s know biology. We think they got a C, maybe a B in Algebra.
The way they shake their tails when the morning light shines down on Sullivan County, you can bet they’ve got a secret. They know we love them. Where else can we get goat cheese? Hear that bleat burst out of them. Fly around the Blue Ridge Mountains. Waving that goat flag. The goat’s best trait is their ability to guess our futures.
The goats tell us we’re going to live long lives. Bristol will never grow old. Sullivan County as long as goats roam the country roads will be healthy, wealthy and wise. And cabbage and corn and peas will never forget the goat.

Change In Our Pockets Sings Like Tennessee Ernie Ford

What happens when a green walnut jumps down from the walnut tree, gets big eyed as it falls through the air, lands on its feet, does a backflip, then rolls down a green hill, before it leaps into a blue lake? The whole countryside gets excited about it. Watching that blue lake stepping out its bathing suit. Them trousers all wet and birds singing all over east Tennessee.
In Bristol we hear a symphony. Every lark song pushing a red wagon full of sunlight. We get it. Country music is ready for its first hoedown. Going to play guitars and fiddles and mandolins until the moon don’t shine.
Determination is what made country music great. Also the uncanny sense country music has of making us feel like we was special. Rare human beings. Bristolians by any other name.
Even the change in our pockets sing like Tennessee Ernie Ford, Dolly Parton, Tammy Wynette, Patsy Kline. Ask a dime to talk like a country boy. It’s got a nickels worth of what it takes to play a guitar. Let the music of a fiddle break the news. We got country music in our bones.
First recording of country music happen right here. Our ears welcomed country music into the world. That record was what nobody had ever heard. The spell has been cast. Everybody in the world is spun around by country music. Asked to sit down and put their feet up on Hank Williams’ shoulders. Kiss the red lips of a southern ballad. It’s been looking for you since it was born.
Got that pretty walk all across the country. You ever knowed that country music told Davy Crocket, Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis, Abraham Lincoln. It jawed a bit. It looked them in the eye, and broke down and cried. Country music wanted to be as good as them other forms of music.
Want to know why it had been kept down on the farm? What it do to be relegated to the bottom of the cracker barrel for such a long time. It being a relative that come down from them Blue Ridge Mountains. All barefoot, straw hat, chewing pork rinds, believing what all them forms of music said about it.
Ain’t good enough. Ain’t ready. No twang has ever gone far. You ask country music to step on stage it might be cold feet. Might never get a peep out.
What turned it around was country music exploded. Burst out of Bristol, rolling its eyes, using them long scraggily legs to run all over Sullivan County. East Tennessee’s chest swelling with pride. You see the look in Bristol’s eyes. What you think we thinking about. We all happy to be the place where country music was born.
It’s the measure by which the world recognizes our contribution. Country music now ten feet tall. It’s got a reputation like Davy Crocket. Tennessee Ernie Ford loved country music like it was his favorite child. And who’s more lucky than Bristol? Country music give us our fame. We don’t charge for autographs. Take our pictures? Bristol’s going to smile when you press that button. Going to put its arm around you. Let you know you’re welcome to stay. Sit awhile.
You need some sweet tea? Maybe a biscuit with honey. Yeah, they’re on good terms. Especially when butter’s sitting at the table, admiring the mashed potatoes. You don’t know jealousy until the green beans take to feeling low. They need what butter does for them. Gives them a reason to believe in themselves.

Philosophy's Bowl of Grits

Nonsense is a strange bunch of crawdads. You go barefoot at Steele Creek they pinch you, tell you nothing that can help you. I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m certain it’s important. But could please repeat that slowly. I’m afraid it went in one ear and out the other. I knowed they give you a whole year to shoot the bull. Clever little devil. Nonsense has got its own holiday. Coming up next week. Thursday we going to be more confused that a wasp buzzing around the church sanctuary, looking for a rose bush.
What happened to sense that made it go nuts? I heard it got run over by a truck out there on Interstate 81. Plum squashed it flatter than a stepped on junebug. A truck don’t care if it steps on a bug.
You think stepping on a bug give you good luck? Maybe a junebug would give you something. A little self respect. It’s buzz has no boundaries. It can tell you what you had for breakfast. Biscuits, eggs sunny side up, orange juice, bacon wiggling its tail at the dog on the floor.
You thinking eating beans will reveal the story of your life. Where’s the lightning bug’s halo. Is it hanging from its tail? The garden snail has no right to wail every night. It’s whispery cry for mercy. Snakes have good appetites. They prefer their meals in bed. Wear a napkin around their necks. Long sleek the truths that bear the snake’s wisdom.
A hiss is full of philosophical thought. The tongue extended, slipped under the moment’s door surprising everybody for a good mile. The snake’s eye glamorous like Lana Turner. (Them movies she made got me good. I ain’t recovered yet.)
Philosophy believing in wild premises that can eat a whole garden full of cabbage, corn, beans, potatoes, tomatoes. Keep the heck away from my beets. Or I’m going to cry. Philosopy a big bowl of grits. The butter on top telling you what you want to hear. Every grit in Bristol has got a taste you’ll never find anywhere. Our grits are zenlike. They make you float in the air. One spoonfull and you see the entire breadth of Sullivan County. A country girl about as round as you get. Sixty miles from head to toe. Don’t let her smile at you. She’s  looking for a beau.
You know mice have no ability to climb mountains. Nor ambition to see themselves in the newspaper. It’s because they’e very private creatures. Love their privacy, like it was a raiment they wear for their nobility. The rat isn’t what you think it is. A rat is a large rodent with whiskers and can’t stop talking philosophy in the dark.
It thinks Socrates and Plato are still around. All because the mean old snakes say they are still living, breathing inside them. Come on, it’s a great place to learn things. Inside the belly of a snake is where all great philosophers went. The snake have a sweet tooth for greek philosophers. Swallowed up by them up like they was kettle corn.
The Melancholy Bug

The blue beetle is one of east Tennessee’s most prized charms. Around your neck or wrist it’s the most attractive metal insect we got. Buy them anywhere in Bristol. Of course, we don’t mean to cast aspersions on the real deal. A blue beetle can do just about anything. It can count. Add a whole column of numbers. Thing is it’s a sad bug. And we been trying to figure out how we can cheer it up.
Everybody remembers the blue beetle turning all sad. We just just know why. It could’ve been the blue beetle losing that race with a cricket. The humiliation could’ve driven him down into the ground. Where the sad bugs go. Tend their wounds and listen to the distant cicada. A soothing chir. Like a violin playing all over Sullivan County.
We don’t like to see bugs getting all droopy. Crying about not being able to love again. Spring’s got some elixirs in its purse. She’s not one for dining blue beetles their share of love. Affection, increased self esteem. The insects, all of them, cannot survive without self respect.
The lightning bug’s all sorry about last week. It’s light was on the blink. It perhaps bit off more than it could chew. Lights have problems with their anger. They aren’t like honeybees loaded with a sugar high. Going to crash. Boom, bang. You know the queen bee ain’t easy to work for. She’s got an attitude problem. Arrogant, snotty, yelling at worker bees to get the lead out.
An insect is naturally happy most times. Bliss comes easily to garden snails, earthworms, centipedes. The mites that attach to themselves to sorry dogs are destined to know the dust bin’s pleasure.
A bug lies down and goes to sleep. Good that it can rest. Recover from the stupor of life’s bitter events. Caterpillars eaten by old crows. The horseflies with no one to ride them, except the cow’s tail striking them down. You wish for bugs every happiness. Why can’t they get their chins off the ground.
They look sad when the sun goes down. All that light lost in the translation. Melancholy spreads like a wild fire when you’re the fly on the roasting marshmallow. The flames ate your sister.

The Illiterate Grasshopper

Education stop writing. Put down your pen. Tell me something I don’t know. It’s all right. I can take it. Show me where to stick my head up a question’s backside. Rub my eyes. Give it all I’ve got. Them braincells running around, looking for something to nibble on. And if they can’t get enough nourishment they just up and die.
If we open a book, some of us think were going to get eaten alive by illiteracy. It’s a hungry lion that lives in Bristol. Goes around biting us. We complain. We go so far to hunt it down. Come upon it in a playground. The poor folks in town got it for a long spell. We don’t know how they caught.
You think its spreads real fast. It’s always nosing around the pool hall. There’s a public library that tried to attend its wounds. Did you know illiteracy was a cripple. Got a hunched back, swollen, stink feet. Eats sardines and crackers for lunch. Let’s not let illiteracy know how much we hate it. A feud that’s been going for centuries. Ever since somebody wrote something down somebody else didn’t know what it was.
The words wearing masks. Long noses, bow legged. Just racing for a place to hang out in Sullivan County. They always carrying brief cases. Guess they think that makes them look businesslike. When the fact is they just plain country boys who don’t know how to bait their hooks and catch a pretty country girl.
We’re afraid illiteracy might get out of jail. We throwed it in jail for being drunk and disturbing the peace. I never seen illiteracy with that dumb expression on its face. Everybody wants illiteracy dead.
Put a warrant out for its arrest. We’d like to hang it upside down like a possum. Watch it wiggle and kick. Them eyes getting all bunched up. Mouth on the back of an elephant riding toward Steele Creek. Where it’s expected to give a big speech on how you don’t need to know how to read or write. Unless you need to understand the words. And answer the words with your own words.
It’s the breaks. Not all illiterate creatures suffers so much. The grasshopper, the bullfrog, the katydid, the cricket, the gypsy moth, the lightning bug hasn’t read a single page in a thousand years. They seem to have no inclination put their noses in a book. Nor browse the breadth of literature. Not even the children’s room at the public library.

Speaking About Bristol

There’s a school in Bristol that will teach you to talk good. You got a frog in your throat they’ll hunt it down, gig it with a long stick and prepare it for the frying pan. The voices in Bristol gather in the hall of the School of Listen and Speak. They got a good curriculum. You can ride it all the way to Knoxville. Without moving. All you do is sit in a chair.
The teachers assert their knowledge. A little black box full of caterpillars. The teachers pass around index cards. Say the words. Don’t let the houseflies out of the bottle. You’ve got to let your tongue do its job. The voice trembles awake. A measure of caution comes from on high. You hear a conscience spitting out the tobacco which it has been chewing since the War Betwixt The States.
Breathe in a red wagon full of air. That will allow you recite the Gettysburg Address. Let them words walk right through the door. Do a little dance. Show you what they got. Everybody knows those words. So don’t leave none out. Words get all prickly when you drop on their heads.
I once kicked a word in the shins. It was shameful what words do. They blush, yes. But when they come out all wrong. Mispronounced. You got to protect yourself. You hear some sloppy speaker. All baggy pants and droopy mouth. A voice should be like a marching band. The instruments taking their turns. Especially the tuba, when just feels like going crazy.
Clarinets know how to be conservative. Preferring not to interfere with trumpets. The base drum humming and hollering for somebody in the Stone Castle to score a touchdown. Them bright lights shake off a few tacklers. Stiff arm the next guy. Get those arms and legs going. You got to know the flutes have no self respect, unless they’re playing Mozart. Then it’s fine with me.
The saxophones and xylophones hopping on the bandwagon. How you going to understand what anyone says if you can’t listen. The process of detecting decibels of the voice box is an intricate thing. You shouldn’t sneeze out.
Please allow me to call attention to the strangers ten feet tall in their stocking feet. I’m referring to the uhs and ere. The sounds that step on words’ toes. They come from outer space. The uh and the er. We thought we killed them off. But son of gun they back.
Listen we kill every er and uh and we got it made. We can communicate real good. I bet we’d hear what we was saying. Before they said. Which is what communication is all about. Hearing what’s not there. So we can repeat it. And by saying it enough times we figure er or uh would clash. Kill each other.
But we was wrong and we apology for our inability to make the er and uh dead. Or limp, some soppy thing that floats on our coffee. A little bit of this and a little of that. Just enough to make us fat. Cause that’s what er and uh are all about. Who was that invented duh? We don’t want to thank the guy. We’d prefer dragging him by his ankles. Throwing him into a pit of used car salesmen.
You want to lose weight? Stop with the er and the uh. Let duh lead its own life. Though we’d honestly like to think they’re too famous. Duh’s got a chain of fried chicken places. The mispronounced wedding vows are a heavy burden. Let your lips believe in the words. Good pronunciation should supply us with good fortune. Love, harmony, banjo music.
We dread the awkwardness of foul language. The words smell of dead fish deep in a wishing well. Somehow those profane words have been starved. Once they were large words too big to fit our ears. They merely hung in the air like ghosts. They did spread their awkwardness around.
I was in junior high school at Vance when ain’t jumped off a bridge in the moonlight Watauga Lake. Somebody swum out to rescue it. We don’t know it could swim.
Bobby Feathers got its picture in the paper. Holding it up by its long ears.

Mrs Mumpower's Garden

What great artists we have in Bristol. They paint portraits of us. You ever noticed how cows swish them tails? That’s their brushes. Nice, huh? Cow hair. The best paint brushes money can buy. Swish them cow tails like Picasso. Daub the canvas with little bits of red, blue, yellow. It’s most satisfying art show in Sullivan County. East Tennessee will bend over backs to give our own art show.
You them paintings all over the place. Bristol gets the honor to hang them inside the Stone Castle. A football stadium with a grunt and a growl. Don’t be afraid to ask the Stone Castle to step aside. Let the four legged artists with their large heads groaning like Mount Vesuvius. Got stories where the four legged Da Vinci’s. Here comes Rembrandt, Andy Warhol, Toulouse Lautrec.
Every boy with a crayon scrawling the names of his persecutions. Susan, Rollie, Ann, Linda. All very psychotic third graders who have it in for the painting talent of birds dropping their strokes from a mile up. Designating their truth. The bird’s point of view. On love, how to stay married, how to adore the human race, despite their shortcomings — for goodness sake what do humans take their frustration on the cow?
The cow deserves better. Our appetite for beef exceeds our good fortune. Our beef with beef is that it’s arrogant. A pompous maker of milk. Not that anyone would offer dispute over milk’s kindness. Stooping down to allow itself to fly right out, flipping its wings all over Sullivan County.
All right when cows drop their strokes. A plop here and a plop there. You think the plops would mind if we asked them to smell like them tulips in Bristol. Mrs Mumpower’s Garden. The sweet lunge to save us. We been holding our nose in Sullivan County for nigh on twelve years. We got to let go. Know why? We need the air.
Yet who can complain about great art. It’s all over Bristol. We admire the artwork, though everyone around pretty says it stinks.
The artwork is quite frankly given to outbursts of love. It awards the earth great medals. Pins them on its chest. The earth smiles, does a little dance. Listens to Conway Twitty, Patsy Cline. Hank Williams — you and Tennessee Ernie Ford pulling a red wagon full of joy. All them summers pushing the world around. Sometimes a field of corn can punch you in the eye. Cabbage pick some strawberries for you. Carrots waking up crying like babies. The happiness of earth our only goal.
You see want to make earth rich. We want Sullivan County to have deep pockets. We want to ensure its life. Further earth’s career, giving it a good recommendation. Till its future was bright and sunny.
We couldn’t take anything away from the cows. They knew where to drop their artwork. Each daub, pinch of blue, yellow, red moon. Spinning the galaxy of prehistoric worms. All contributing their earnings to the expected and most deserved member of the solar System. The place where cows call home. Where the butterflies give us good luck. Where junebugs ask you for directions. Where cows are vital members of our community. Where angels fall from the sky and devils catch them. Where everybody who wants to get to Heaven, goes to church, sits quietly in the sanctuary. Shoes whispering like Old Testament prophets who found that stones turned to bread are  kind of tasty. Where our NASCAR hats are hung. And the dung wants to die young.

Woodpeckers

The woodpecker often finds itself striking the barks of trees for insects. In Bristol, we got woodpeckers, all kinds and colors, terribly gifted at tapping a tree. You know woodpeckers are around, because you hear them at work. Industrious, focused, they can make a racket. It’s almost as though them woodpeckers learned how to peck the keys of a typewriter. Their beaks strike them trees and you know they’ve got what it takes to tell a story.
Like any good writer, tapping away, the woodpecker’s style is rapid fire. Rat-tat-tat. The keys yielding to story gushing out, wiggling its legs. Taste like bug at first. Then by the time the woodpecker gets to a second draft that bug is sweet as honey. Bugs give the woodpecker inspiration to write the great American novel. Or maybe a short story with bright colors, just sticking its head out, wondering what that woodpecker is getting at.
East Tennessee has some talented woodpeckers. Write murder mysteries, romance novels, poetry, journalism. You ever knowed a woodpecker who didn’t think it was Dostoevski? Tolstoy? Faulkner? Hemingway? Eudora Welty? Margaret Mitchell. All them woodpeckers are certain they writing another ‘Gone With The Wind.’
Some woodpeckers have a smooth style. Recognizable by a charming narrative. Plot is what the woodpecker is after. Them characters done come alive. You follow them through the story never knowing where it’s going to go. East Tennessee got woodpeckers that can write like O. Henry, Shakespeare, Capote.
Conversely, if you ask a lark what kind of writing is being done, the lark will shun the whole the process. Agreeing that woodpeckers deserve encouragement. Maybe an occasional Pulitzer. But let’s not go overboard. The average woodpecker can’t write as well as they think they can. They’re all right. Nothing to crow about.
Woodpeckers write all day. Tap away at their manuscripts. Detailing the conflict between their characters. Writing perfectly good dialogue. Hitting the sweet spot, not caring about the critics. Them crows who caw all the time. Everytime a woodpecker’s new book come out.
You got to turn a deaf to critics who just don’t get it. If crows want to expect woodpeckers to all be F. Scott Fitzgerald, James Joyce, Turgenev, Saki, Dickens, Twain, it’s all right. ‘Huckleberry Finn’ ain’t a book that will make a lark sing.
What woodpeckers want is a novel that will be loved by rabbits, squirrels, foxes, possums, raccoons and them small mouthed bass that jump at the lake. It’s all about telling wild life that love is important. Trust, loyalty, sharing this place we call east Tennessee.
Bristol got woodpeckers that write sonnets, dramas, comedies. You hear a woodpecker in Bristol, give him some respect. Don’t make no noise. Let the woodpecker write the next great American novel. Them murder mysteries get on the bestseller lists. You can’t go by a bookstore without seeing the woodpecker’s work.
You know when you walk under a tree, and you hear a writer at work, you need to have some respect. Words are sacred. The woodpecker believes its got talent. We need woodpeckers to write them stories. Make Bristol proud.

On Reading

For children, the act of reading a book resembles playing in the leaves. You lie down and the words cover you. A few leaves sit on your face, not because they want to tell you something. But because words seek your attention. If only for a brief moment. Like a birdsong, only one that tells a story.
Children in Bristol prefer books with maple leaves, birch leaves, dogwood leaves. The best leaves are those that are soft, full of pretty letters scented with dew. In order to finish book, children have to check the book out of the public library. A place that has many books filled with leaves.
And assuredly the public library want their books returned with all the leaves intact. Not one leaf blown high or worm bitten or wrinkled. The number of times children can toss the leaves high into the sky are limited. And of course, some of the leaves may fall out of the way. The child must located them, smooth them out if the leaf is creased, place them back into the book in just the right place.
Not all child understand the meaning of a specific leaf. They must consult the dictionary. The place where all leaves are classified, registered as proper leaves. The dictionary a book that provides the necessary identification of leaves that fall in Sullivan County. The conscientious child wanting to learn all the leaves he or she can.
A leaf may appear like another leaf. One that the child knows. Yet a leaf may change depending on variables. Such as moisture, exposure to sunlight, the appetite of caterpillars who help themselves to words. Not being particular about which word they eat, just wanting to chomp the closest one. Breakfast, lunch, supper. The leaf may serve as late evening snack as well.
The joy of reading is to understand what a pile of leaves means. The leaves in their right order relay the elements of a story. Mystery, suspense, the unraveling of events, contrast, conflict.
What do the leaves want from the children, if not their undivided attention. The wind quite naturally may change the story. Leaves rustled, blown in all directions may distract from the story. Essential to the reading process is the child’s ability to grasp the leaves and examine them closely.
A book holding a yard full of leaves. The children of Bristol often find themselves chasing the leaves. Leaping up and attempting to grab the leaves before they fly off. The need to capture leaves and place them in the right order is essential to the reading process.
By opening a book, the children risk the escape of letters. It’s necessary to surprise the leaves by slowly opening a book. So the leaves aren’t prepared to leap out. Gradually of course, children study a book, plan their approach. Open the book anticipating some leaves to leap.
Often the leaves that escape the children are the best. Most beautiful, most meaning full leaves in the story. All children know how important each leaf is to the meaning of a story. The more nimbly children can return the leaves to the book, the more likely the story will entertain them.
Which brings to mind seeing piles of leaves in front yards all over Bristol. Who’s going to read all those leaves? And what do they say? Adventure stories? Fables? Pirates? A goose that laid the golden egg?
The leaves know, but they won’t tell you until you chase after them. Then they’ll confess. Tell you everything they know.

Check-up for a Small Southern Town

First thing, the doctor places the stethoscope on Bristol’s chest. Listens to its breathing. Heart beating. Then straps a rubber cord around its right arm to test it blood pressure. Shines little light in Bristol’s eyes. Strikes Bristol on the kneecap with that rubber hammer.; Asks Bristol to cough. Open wide. Say ‘ah.’ That popsicle stick probing its mouth. The Bristol Caverns are looking beautiful. Bristol opens its mouth a mile wide. The doctor gazes inside. He’s about to crawl right in, when he hears a bango in there. A fiddle, a guitar. Maybe a whole nest of mandolins getting ready to hatch a country ballad.
Some where back in Bristol’s mouth lives a whole generation of country singers. They come singing one a week. You don’t know when Bristol’s going to burst into song. All you know is when it does the country music goes around town telling people their fortunes. And asking them if they know Roy Acuff, Johnny Cash, Tammy Wynette, Patsy Cline, Tennessee Ernie Ford.
You see country music can cure the common cold. You got chest congestion? Bursitis? Your back out of whack? Let country music hold your hand. Look upon you as its ever loving fan. They’ve been cases where country music cured the gout. Taught second grade, arithmetic, history. Country music will cook you up a mess of greens. Chicken dumplings.
Then Bristol has a few more tests to go. X-rays, aerobic tests for its heart, runs on a treadmill. Being over two hundreds old, you got to keep a lookout for any businesses, schools, hospitals that need some vitamins, minerals. Once a week Bristol goes to a masseuse. Hair salon. Gets its nails done.
Bristol tries its best to eat right. Chews its food twenty five times. Lays off rich salad dressing. Makes room for apple pie. Pecan fudge. Every gumdrop in east Tennessee is Bristol’s way of saying its in fine fiddle.  Hates the word ‘diet.’ Bristol likes to eat. It once ate three thousand hotdogs on Fourth of July. Had to lie down for a nap.
A small southern town like Bristol needs glasses. Sometimes it can’t see too well. An adjustment in its bifocals is needed.
The eye test is a fine measure of what we see. A row of letters beginning with large letters and then a row of smaller letters. Gradually the letters collapse, wiggle their legs. They know the eye is trying to make them out. So they keep busy. They bend down and touch their toes. There is among the letters a sense of urgency. Someone is trying to identify them. As the letters had run away. Suddenly returned for us to recognize them.
The hearing test can be more complex. It seeks to determine if your ears are capable of hearing. The audible pings, the little cymbals that clash when two decibels bump into each other. The buzzes with their soft hands. Always dashing into our ears as though to rescue us from deafness.
Bristol is tested twice a year for its vision and hearing. The two senses that it needs to thrive. If it couldn’t hear, Bristol in love with country music wouldn’t want that sad thing to occur. Fiddles give Bristol a kind of sophisticated charm. Guitars can make you feel grand. Mandolins. You hear one of them start up, sing like Roy Acuff, you know everything in world is all right.
In addition, the other senses are included at no extra cost. You know that touch, smell, and taste are vital to a small southern town. The town that knows the difference between good barbecue and bad. The town that chew its meat, even though its over two hundred years old. And counting. You’d think it got no teeth. But Bristol’s got a perfect bite.
It can feel every breeze that comes through town. Raindrop on Bristol are welcome. Bristol feels refreshed, them raindrops taking up room in the street. State Street singing in the rain like Gene Kelly. The soft kisses that rain gives our town are delightful. At least as good as any romantic interlude in Hollywood. They all pretending to pucker up. Bristol puckers up for real. When the raindrops coming calling Bristol’s ready for some serious spooning.
Bristol can smell fried chickens, grits, biscuits from ten miles away. It knows when the butter and the mashed potatoes are on their honeymoon. Bristol’s nose is large. About as big a mountain. If Bristol gets a cold, you better watch out. It sneeze and killed two polecats last year. If Bristol gets the sniffles, coughs, you know it’s got to get some rest. Drink a lot of fluids.
Take some cold tablets. The chill come over it. Dry throat, watery eyes. That raspy cough sound like a motorcycle heading up Windsor Avenue. Can’t stop its nose from running? They’s a flood on Moore Street. On Euclid, people are wading along, got those rubber boots on.
Bristol loves the get well cards it receives. Keep them coming. Bristol loves to read everything you write. Just don’t get too close. Or you could catch something.
Maybe feel achy and fatigued. Chances are you have a cold. Learn about common cold symptoms so you’ll know if you need to call the doctor. Don’t want to get a sinus infection. Bristol got laryngitis a couple of years back and couldn’t sing for two days.

On Rumors

They don’t always speak clearly. Inarticulate ain’t good for communication. It’s goting to bury us in words that don’t smile or look into our faces, and say, ‘You can depend on it.’ Rumors have trusting faces like George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. In Bristol, the rumors are long legged, board airplanes at Tri-Cities, never bring any luggage. Just a sweater to fend off the air conditioning.
The ambiguity of a rumor, it precarious balancing act between the truth and the lie would preclude it from a favorable review. If I hear a rumor I want to know its source. Was it from a blue sky? Or a burning red barn? Is it a reflection a mountain creek. Appalachia has more creeks than they got in China.
I’m afraid when rumors talk they swallow their words. The words that are missing are often the most important words. You need to be advised. Rumors are not good advisors. More like fortune tellers with crystal balls. Things fly around in the shimmering glass and if it wiggles we know it’s got to be true.
Rumors talking in riddles. Placing their clues in secret hiding places. A back pocket, or in their right shoes. Rumors fly, though they don’t have licenses. They can’t sell you insurance. Just because you’re afraid they’re going to crash. Boom bang. Land you in a corn field somewhere in Sullivan County.
It it just floats not the surface, like a beautiful girl floating on her back, then we know it corrupted. Unbearably shy about telling us who caught the mouse. Who broken into the hen house and helped themselves to all the eggs? Can you imagine Bristol without eggs.
Let alone the milk. No milk no gravy. And Bristolians can’t go through a day without gravy. Are you out of your mind? Milk’s got us by our ears. Pulling us closer so it can give us that milk eye that would hypnotize a jackrabbit. We ain’t got a chance getting away from milk. And why should we? Milk has been loyal to us.
The cow’s never going to admit it. But milk comes from it. Cows are just too modest. You ask them about what they do for a living. And they just give you that cow look. A face that looks like a loan officer in a bank. You’re going to get turned down. Let the cows be modest. They don’t even admit to cheese. Ain’t that something. \ Rumors are all humpbacked, stooped low like they was thrown out of the bed when they was children. I suspect rumors have no sense of what the truth is like. The truth being rumor’s secret identity. What it believes it is. Yet somehow never makes the change over.
Rumors give you them scary looks. Boris Karloff in Frankenstein, Lon Chaney, Jr in The Werewolf. Rumors with wild hair. Long noses. Rumors that look like possums hanging by their tails from an old oak tree in the moonlight. The insects mewing and kicking up their legs in the starlight.
Looks that would give a complex. You get scared of what’s coming around the corner. What happens when you turn out the light. Rumors never say the things we want them to say. They’re too precious, self serving high flying bats.
You see over Bristol. They cover the sky when you need to know something. Rumors don’t have any conscience. They tell you anything. They’re sweet as hard candy. A chicken leg fried in butter. But you don’t them deciding for you, do you?
The rumors have got big chests which they thump. You hear them Tarzan yellow come out of rumors. Make your head hurt. If you get two rumors together in the same room you can watch them fight it out. The winning rumor is the one that loses. Gets knocked out. Lies on the floor, like a limp buttermilk pancake.
That reminds me. I got to go to the store to get some maple syrup.

Bristol Loves Pigs Feet

I don’t believe in blessings. I hear that sentiment all over Bristol. It’s walking around town, knocking on doors. I heard it in the bank, asking for small bills. Nothing larger than a twenty. Often as not overly comfortable with its moral rectitude. Punching a hole in the blue sky. So all the gold coins would fall down right into its pocket. Blessings are lucky. They just ask for something and they get it. And sometimes they give to us. Mostly they hide the blessings where we’ll never look.
Then I hear the outcry. What? Don’t you know they’re in bloom. The poor people picked them themselves.  With nothing to go on. Except a good eye.  And they’d sell to the rich. If they could. It’s not easy asking the mountain lions if they like a bite of your leg. Leave me alone.
The poor are honest. No one I’ve ever spoken to gave me the impression the poor ever told a lie. The poor of Bristol know the difference between right and wrong. They believe in honesty.
The poor people believe that honesty makes them filthy rich. Makes the poor different than the wealthy. Look past the ragged clothes, the prickly gardens that grow in racial dilemmas. One color beating its drum. The other forced to do manual labor. Pick up mountains and carry them on their backs. You can do it.
Shame and guilt. Two blessings that open cellar doors to canned tomatoes, sweet relish, pickled pigs feet. You got to be ashamed of yourself if a pigs feet doesn’t give you that love you been looking for. And right there it is floating in a glass jar. You got to love that.
Pigs feet are the things we admire. Though we’re not certain if will enjoy the after effects. Do pigs feet require us to be young. What if we’re around fifty? Is middle age past the pigs feet toxicity. We might die.
Honesty traveled around east Tennessee. Got off in every town and met and spoke to everyone it met.Everyone gives themselves the virtue of honesty. Even the bankroller steals from the cookie jar once in awhile. If not everyday picking our pockets. Dishonesty has an evil brother. Bigotry. It hates anybody that beats on the walls of indifference. Hate. A cold stare that pushes out a window.
Honesty goes amongst us collecting dues for being in the Society of Righteous Living. Everyone wearing a white carnation in their lapel. Everyone smug and arrogant. Incapable of writing a love letter when they’re far away from home.
Honesty doesn’t tell lies. Doesn’t ask questions like: “Why do the poor beg in the street when they could be working?”
I’m against blessings, too. Cause I understand the costs. You might experience a loss of consciousness at that height. Not enough air. And how would you know a blessing? Would it have your mother’s face? Your father’s determination?
The guessing game reminds me of taking chances on pigs feet. Pickled or not. Your lips could lose the lottery.

Against Virtues

Bristol voted last week. It was a referendum on virtues. The nominees were frugality, curiosity, ambition, contentment. Chastity, I bet that sold a lot of apple pies. Put a scoop of vanilla ice cream on that virtue. Where’s my fork? The appetite for virtues is two-edge sword that fights for what’s right.
Bristol voted against free virtues. Those blessings that we were born with. And somehow lost, left them in an old coat we threw out decades ago. Our carelessness attributed to blindness. One out of every then Bristolians can’t see what’s under their noses. The greatest little town in east Tennessee. A little red rose that burst with country music. We discovered it one. Recorded the first album. It rolled across the U.S.A. Everybody took it as the voice of the poor folks of Appalachia. Those so hungry they could eat a row of green peas, carrots, maybe a field of corn. They was so sad their voices spoke up. Rang a church bell in every town in the world. And that ain’t easy.
What we know about virtues is they accept us as their vessels. What do lose a virtue? Would go around Sullivan County looking for it. And where? On a chair, under the bed, up on the top shelf of a cupboard. In your heart, next to love for family. Behind your back comes along the virtue hunters. Love those scalps. Sell them to the highest bidder.
Virtues claim the rich as their blood relatives. Got a nephew, two cousins, one sister, three brothers with haircuts that make them look like porcupines.    How can anyone be so gullible to think you can buy a virtue? A sold virtue isn’t a genuine virtue. It’s a fake. The diamond in it is made of glass. Virtues aren’t commodities like butter, eggs, bacon. Give me a leg of lamb?
You’ve got to get behind the donkey and push. Virtue, once it gets its hands dirty it gets all excited. Suffers a nervous breakdown.
Virtue can lose its eyesight. All that straining to see a pinpoint of light in a world of darkness. Get the fire inside you going. Rub two bones together. Make a spark that will cherish your promise to hold onto your virtue. If it wiggles free like frightened pig, oinking all over Bristol, you’re out.
Progress does’t come to us without working hard to get ahead. Tomorrow comes because we work our fingers to the bone. Asking time to come along. Don’t tarry. Don’t talk to the days ahead as though they were your heroes. Those who can up the hill and stood there like they’d never sinned a day in their life. The generations that haven’t been born are sitting comfortably in the future. What’s a few decades in your pocket?  It’s too far? What? The future. So many tomorrows ahead you can’t count them all. They fall in the distance. We hear them kiss the earth like raindrops.
Bristol is against virtues for sale. Little bundles of wild flowers that give us their blessings. Two beautiful blooms that slip inside us and pretty up those messy rooms upstairs, downstairs and all around the downstairs’ hallway. Where the dark is eating corn on the cob, buttermilk biscuits, gravy, pork chops. And what is that apple pie?
Is greed a virtue. One wouldn’t think so. So why occasionally do you hear among the rich and arrogant words are all thumbs. Terribly awkward. As though they were made of straw. Bigotry. You know that broken down house with the smell of old socks, a dead mouse in every mouth who told a lie, broke a promise, pretended to love, yet found no rose garden anywhere inside your spouse.
Bigotry walking on its hands up into the Blue Ridge Mountains and telling all the chickens, rabbits, foxes and mongooses that they weren’t good enough. They didn’t have enough intelligence to hang by their tails like a possum.
The bigotry spilling out everywhere. People avoiding the puddles. It rains hard some days. You be soaked from head to foot. Inside you hate would take off its hat and make itself at home.
You don’t want to do that.

Sleep Patterns

The town of Bristol retires to bed around eleven o’clock. An hour when the stars and moon have nothing better to do than shine. And the fireflies in the yard flash their amber signs signaling curfew for car horns, fire engines and dogs barking.
Bristol would stay up later, at least to see tomorrow’s weather, if it could keep its eyes open. The lids getting heavier and heavier.
Bristol has a lot on its mind. The day’s events play in its head. Two hundred and fourteen babies born. Three thousand telephone calls. Three thousand and fifty nine good mornings. Four hundred and eleven fond goodbyes. A few people shouting  at each other. Country musicians practing all over town. Bristol can still hear them in its head. Like a buzz from an airplane flying overhead.
Bristol’s quiet. It’s breath slow. It has thoughts that come and go. Bristol drops off to sleep. The quiet grows and comes over the town. A small southern town with its feet stretched out. Hanging over the edge of the bed. Feeling drowsy, a touch worn out. And so Bristol has little choice but close its eyes.
We have personal knowledge State Street sleeps on its back. Arms tucked beneath a pillow large as Steele Creek Park. It hasn’t turned over since the Confederate Army came marching through since 1861. It’s a small southern town that closes its eyes and drifts off to sleep.
Bristol wears long gray pajamas to bed. A night cap to keep its head warm. The house in which it sleeps holds the entire population. Over thirty thousand snorers. They take turns waking each other up. The loudest snorer wins a prize. An evening at the Paramount Theater listening to fiddles and guitars and mandolin recite the Gettysburg Address to the marching tune of the ‘Star Spangled Banner.’
Bristol’s has never complained of getting a bad night’s sleep. Every night it nods off. Slips right under. The dark giving it a ‘good night.;
It doesn’t like a soft mattress. The firmer the better. It prefers a pillow three miles wide. Five miles long. A country road for a mattress. Four oak trees holding up the frame.
Bristol often enjoys a good night sleep. No tossing and turning. It sleeps perpendicular to the Mason Dixon Line. It never gets up in the middle of the night. If it needs a glass of water, there’s a pitcher by its bed.
Its bedsheets are plain white cotton. They’re seven miles long and eleven miles wide. Fresh, clean as the streets of Bristol.
It doesn’t fall asleep until all the lights are out. The hush of night puts Bristol to sleep. Its eyes grow heavy and close. The dark hugs Bristol. Tells it a bedtime story. Waits for Bristol to drift off.
Its circadian clock finely tuned — a complex mechanism that dictates sleep cycles. The rhythm at which it sleep cycles coinciding with the guitar and fiddle music listened to during the day.
The clock profoundly influenced as well by changes in diet. Normally Bristol eats around a thousand and eighty-two fried chickens, two thousand pounds of baked potatoes. Gravy that would fill up and five hundred dump trucks.
Sometimes Bristol gets worried. Is it a famous southern town. One that discovered county music. Recorded the first session ever. Has the town received the attention it deserves? Is Bristol famous? Are the streets clean? Is everyone happy? How does a small southern town succeed without people working and enjoying their lives? What is it Bristol can give them? Should the Bristol Motor Speedway celebrate their victories by expressing their gratitude to our town. How can Bristol be more gracious. How can Bristol help make the NASCAR races more popular, intensely competitive?
How can a small southern help its schools, churches, organizations? Who’s going hungry? Who is poor they have no place to sleep? Is the garbage being picked each morning. The street sweepers doing their jobs. If it snows, will the plows clear the streets.
What if a child drowns at the lake? An old man slips and falls in the street? What if someone runs a red light? Where does responsibility for a municipal government begin and end?
Are there enough beds in the hospital? Does the fire department need funds? Where is the city of Bristol going? Are there plans to expand the schools capacity to include everyone? Will the future of Bristol be bright?
It’s a wonder Bristol gets any sleep at all.

Bristol's Twang

The Bristol twang has got its own personality. On Monday, it’s like a farmer. Got fields to plow. Some potatoes to dig up. Tomatoes to pick. It loves those green beans that give it the energy and courage to stick its neck out. It’s a small twang, but it’s got a lot of get up and go.
Tuesday’s twang spends its time milking cows, feeding the chickens, slopping the hogs. The kind of twang that loves to go fishing, hunting, maybe play a round of golf. It’s got its hands full. Got to ride a tractor all over. Keep an eye out for ripe corn. The twang has good eyes, hearing. Not much gets by without it knowing about it. If a fox sneaks into the hen house, the twang stands ready to defend them hens from invaders.
Wednesday’s got a twang that sounds like a pots and pans being beat together. It might scare you, if you ain’t heard it before. Rest of the week the twang comes out like a fiddle, or Tennessee Ernie Ford, Minnie Pearl, Waylan Jennings. The twangs are strong. They can lift buildings, bridges. We got twangs in Bristol who build houses, pave roads. Teach school. A twang is a valuable member of the community. Dresses up, wears it Sunday best. Shoes shined. I hear twangs in Bristol that play mandolins. Some twangs are educated. Possess knowledge that would astonish the world. You got to listen to a twang to learn what Bristol knows.
Everything twangs in Bristol. Rivers, creeks, doorbells, alarm clocks, wristwatches, cars, motor cycles, wagons, buses, trucks. Even the birds in Bristol got a twang. Dogs, too. Cats not so much. Though they got a drawl that would charm anybody.
Most twangs are all business. Though occasionally a twang will mysteriously slip around Bristol. You hear it in the bank. You can just make out a twang in the grocery store. The twang is a soft murmur in a public library.
Some twangs are not easily deceived. You talk to a twang you better tell the truth. Twangs don’t enjoy people who are deceptive. The twang never chews its cud twice. Speaks forthrightly. Gets to the point.
There are twangs that nobody knows what their doing. And sometimes you hear the twang and sometimes it lets you inside. It’s a dark place. The twang has an echo. Somethings like to hide in the there. Moonlight, starlight. The dogs like sleep in twangs. It’s warm in there.
The twang may double as a cupboard where you can store things. Canned relish, old love letters, maybe some farm tools. Not everybody puts things in their twang. There are things you don’t stash in a twang. Never put old bread in a twang. Never let a polecat in a twang.We suspect east Tennessee has got enough space in twangs for a few fields of corn, or a moonlit lake.
Like it was a secret hiding place. Some keep secrets in their twang. Of courses, when you let your twang out you’ve got to watch out for twang hunters. They like to nab twangs. Collect them. Hang them in the living room over the mantle. They kind of look nice. Almost as good as that moosehead or trout mounted on a plaque. Twangs are important, good souvenirs. Historic twangs like Davy Crocket’s twang. You can go into the Davy Crocket Museum and pay your respects.
Twangs of history. Andrew Jackson’s twang. Jefferson Davis’ twang. Robert E. Lee. Goodness his twang is the greatest twang ever. Once and a while you hear it in Bristol. Just don’t forget to acknlowge it. Last time I heard that twang it cost me twelve bucks for a ticket. Twangs are expensive.

The Bacon Trial

Bacon is a powerful force. In Bristol, it come over on the Mayflower to east Tennessee. Stowed away in pigs. Never said much until it come to Bristol. It ain’t stopped talking. We hear it in the frying pan. Bending our ear. Got a hankering for country music. Get on our good side that way.
Bacon speaks many languages? And most of them are greek, french, spanish, german. It got a twang in all them tongues. Country folk know bacon by the way it tries to tell you what to do.
Bacon often insinuates its superiority to eggs. The two been feuding for two hundred years. Bacon got something against eggs. It could be the chicken, which don’t like the pig none. They ain’t talking to each other. The pig turns it back on the chicken. And the chicken has nothing to good say about pigs.
Pigs according to chickens don’t know much. They’re not good at arithmetic. They can’t multiply, divide or add a column of numbers. If they somebody give them an arithmetic test they’d flunk. The numbers are all against the pig.
While chickens are as smart as mathematicians. They can multiply, divide like nobody’d business. A chicken’s got a brain for figuring out the most difficult math problems you can think of. The numbers are like kernels of corn, which the chickens peck right off the barnyard.
When it comes to bacon we got to admit it’s the best thing there is Bristol. Our bacon is plum tasty. It enter your mouth. You chew and so many things happen. You suddenly smart, ready to make yourself a sandwich. You see that bacon lying on a white napkin, sunning itself like it was at the beach. And you know deep down that bacon is going to give you confidence.
Bacon knows things. It wise. It can read your mind. If you need something bacon will give to you. Money, wisdom, romance. Bacon has got it all. Bacon know was what give the Confederate army the might to battle for the Confederacy. Bacon was their best friend. It give them a pep talk morning, noon and night. Bacon had some good fighting strategies. Bacon humming to the confederate troops. Getting inside their heads and telling them they was great men. And of course, bacon was right. Bacon is always right.
Last July bacon ran around Bristol telling people what to do. IF they needed to get ahead in life, bacon told them to work hard. Put their heads down and put shoulders the wheel. Bacon told them the pig give everything for them. The pig was behind them one hundred percent.
Bacon with its brown eyes. Give Bristol hope for the economy. Told everybody in town what they needed to say to get the price of bacon down. It was up there. You needed a ten-foot ladder. Bacon out of reach. Bacon strolling up State Street, asking anybody it seen to take into consideration the nobility of bacon.
Bacon with its long history of accomplishment. It had a disposition that could charm the British Army. Bacon with its four legs kicking in the frying pan. Singing like Ernest Tubb.
Bacon got a determined outlook. It’s always doing the right thing. It don’t lie. Bacon tells the truth.
Long ago bacon was just a little tot. It growed up. Got famous, its name popular with all the intelligent folks. It talked politely. It didn’t speak out of turn. Bacon was one gentleman tipping its hat.
It’s pride was hurt coming over on the ships. Got off. Carrying its four suitcases full of spices. Once bacon came to America we was a better country. Bacon worked hard. Went to school. Never complained.
Bacon had the courage to speak up against the British. It demanded we fight for our independence. Bacon broke out in a sweat. When them first shots were fired. Bacon asked of all americans to drive the British out. And if they wouldn’t leave bacon would visit them.
Slap them around. Show them passages from the Holy Bible that hugged them. Treated them like they was worthy of bacon. Only bacon knew that the British were fixing to retreat. Bacon got big arms. Carried them across the ocean. Gave a few speeches in London against the royal family. The arrogance that kings and queens was something awful.
Though if you said something derogatory about country music, bacon would take exception. It come up to you and pull your nose. If you didn’t revere the Carter Family, you could get a stomach ache.
Then as punishment bacon would make you eat this porridge that stank like a skunk that got its tailed yanked by a grizzly bear. You got to hold your nose when a skunk goes off like that.
Bacon is the most popular breakfast meat in Bristol. It gets applause when it’s served. We give a standing ovation.
Some people don’t like bacon because it’s opinionated. Don’t like government. Think things cost too much. Believes that eggs are just pitiful excuses for breakfast. Look down at your plate see eggs. You feel a little funny. Why are they eggs looking back me. Got that puzzled on their faces. Sneering. Sticking out their tongues. If you listen closely eggs will call names.
What would anyone have against bacon? It’s innocent. It went on trial. The accusation was that bacon was a killer. Going around making trouble. What did it do to you? It’s kind, very generous. A wonderful gift that brings us hope. When the sun rises bacon is ready to cherish us. I got to tell you bacon loves the human race. Would do anything for anybody. Bacon is our best friend.
How did anybody figure bacon was no good. A jury of bacon’s peers deliberated for three days, returned the verdict of innocence. Mayor of Bristol give it the key to the city.
Don’t you know bacon is the best thing there is in the world. I’m all for bacon. It gives a joyous feeling. Plays the banjo on Sundays. Every bite lends the power to get up every morning. The scent of bacon believes in us. It will come up to you and shake my hand. Say good morning. It knows all about you.
Scrumptious good. Saucy, little bit of heaven, happy to meet you. I think bacon knows me personally. It’s looking at me like it wants to say something. Like it going to give me three wishes. Which would be all right with me.
Bacon is a sort of magic. You bite it. And you can ask for wealth and harmony. Me, I ask bacon for good weather. I know bacon’s got a lot of things to do. So I don’t ask for much. Just a nice sunny day. Maybe a couple of bluegill or crappy or bass.
Bacon has the power to attract prosperity. It knows things. Like if you lost your car keys or forgot your anniversary, bacon will tell you. Just fry it up and listen to the sizzle. Sometimes bacon recites the Gettysburg address right there in the skillet. Ask it a question and bacon will tell you the answer. Bacon knows the difference between right and wrong.
Everybody in Bristol depends on bacon to tell them all sorts of things. I know bacon that can do your taxes. Paint your house. Repair a leaky faucet. Go fishing with you. Hunting is bacon’s favorite pastime. It loves to sit between two slices of bread and hum. Maybe tell you secrets about yourself you didn’t know. It’s uncanny how bacon knows everybody in Bristol. Calls us to breakfast by our first name. Picks out our clothes. Knows our birthdays.
Don’t you say nothing bad about bacon. It’s everything we love. Put it between slices of bread and let it do its job. A little mayonnaise gives bacon the right to save you. Hum once it gets down deep inside you ‘The Star Spangled Banner.’ And ain’t that what you expect from bacon?

The Devil You Say

The Devil don’t like country music. He goes around bad mouthing it. Ain’t said nothing good about Flatt & Scruggs or The Carter Family. He hears them and he places his hands over his ears. He can’t take it. Moans. His head hurts like he done fell down from the sky. Landed on his head. Little flames shooting out.
Though admittedly the Devil’s ears don’t quite grasp the rhythm and melody. What he hears is the guitars and fiddles mumbling something under their breaths. It comes out all covered with dark. He ain’t beholding to the mandolin. We think he’s scared of it. Any string instrument is the enemy of the Devil. A guitar gives him the willies. He gets all worried, upset, and he don’t which way is up.
That’s why we love country music. One Willie Nelson song and the Devil gets stomach ache. It’s like he was attacked by angels. Them country songs got wings, you know. Come around and box his ear. Trip him up. When the Devil hears country music he takes off.
You see country music is spiritual. It come down from the mountain people. If you listen real close to a country song you can just about make out a church hymn in the corner, just relaxing, appreciating county music, because it owes church hymns a bushel and a peck.
The Devil ain’t no good. We don’t like his kind. Doesn’t everyone dislike the Devil? He can’t appreciate the twang in our voices. And when we sing, I’m telling you, the twang is everywhere. The twang pushes its red wagon around. Got biscuits buttered, bowl of grits. Sausages, pork chops. Twang knows a lot about haute cuisine. Twang got a big diamond ring. Cause we love it. We married to it. Twang sits in the living room. Got four legs, ten heads and everyone of them turn and look at us with the utmost respect. Twang’s got big brown eyes. Bushy eyebrows. And guess what? Twang is good at finding our fortunes.
We in Bristol owe everything to the twang. The twang being a source of virtue and strength. Loyal to us southerners. Through thick and thin. Don’t go around east Tennessee saying the twang did you wrong. It’s always right. Rings like a church bell. Everytime we talk.
And just so you know the Devil is reason twang was born. It’s got the Devil’s number. Come around a beat that red devil up. Pull his tail off. And once twang gets done with the Devil, country music chases the Devil all over Sullivan County.
Why the Devil ever come around we’re not certain. Country music gets the better of him. He can’t talk after hearing Tammy Wynette, Patsy Cline, Bonnie Lou and Buster.
According to reports, the Devil occasionally visits the Southeast occasionally for reasons of his own. It’s usually at night. He climbs down an oak tree in a park. He looks around. Suspicious of anyone detecting his presence. Not everyone can see the Devil.
Is he there? No one can be certain about him. They prefer to think he’s a stranger.
We not sure about the Devil. All we know is once he hears a guitar or a fiddle he’s a goner. We know he has a fondness for southern vittles. Fried chicken, barbecue ribs, buttered grits. We don’t allow him in our homes. He ain’t getting a seat a Granny’s Cafe. And he ain’t going to get close to our town because country music is always around. Singing like Conway Twitty. Johnny Cash got a voice that turn the Devil into a pile of straw.
Some say the Devil comes around. Mostly he’s sneaking up on things.
See his eyes in the lit candle. Strike a match and he peeks out. What does he see us? Why does he close his eyes and smile? Rub two stick together and his smoky spirit rises flies out, circles the room. He’s sitting in the fireplace. Don’t be afraid to look. But don’t shake his hand. Don’t try and pick his pocket. Don’t exchange compliments. His hands are bright and hot. They may well blind you.
His words glow in the dark. I am not troubled by his manner. How he takes a pinch from his box of snuff. There’s no fear his sneeze with approach me. I know he observes in me the cold, winter day that will suffocate him, roll him up and pack snow against him. He will stand in the yard, a sorrowful coal-eyed snowman who was overtaken. Dragged down. Found contemptible for his fire.
He warms my hands on the cold. You never too certain if the cold inside us is enough to kill him. I’m hopeful I have enough to keep him away.
The ember that flashes in the fireplace, jumps out on the floor. Smiles like the Devil. The wrinkled brow that crawls up the wall. See an eyeball rolling across the ceiling. The insect that creeps along the floor.
The shadows behind the churches. They stand tall. His silhouette is round, pot bellied. His forked dragging along the road. He walks around inspecting the rose bushes. He picks a red rose. Sniffs it. He ain’t got no sense. He’s all full of the dark. Country music knows where the Devil is. It will seek him out. Give him what for.
He’s afraid of moonlight. Starlight follows him around. He has only to turn around and face his accusers. Them country songs carrying big sticks. Going to beat the Devil. The fireflies that flash their amber lights and whisper the Devil’s name. Tell us all the wickedness he done in the world. Shame is the darkness that surrounds the earth. He enjoys walking in the dark. Long as country music is sleeping.
We know country music got nothing good to say about the Devil. Except maybe that one time country music chased it clear out of east Tennessee. Never seen nothing run so fast. We figure the Devil would like to capture country music. Do it in. Ain’t much chance the Devil could take country music away. The last time country music shook hands with the Devil it was around the end of war betwixt the states. And they ain’t spoken since.
Country music showed off its twang and up in smoke the Devil went. He ain’t been the same since. Feeble, that country music rolling around in his head. He all pained, grimacing. The Carter Family done broke him in half. Little bits of the Devil run around. They don’t do no harm. You know country music going to pick up those pieces and feed them to the skunks.

Southern Days

Southern days are divided into hours and minutes. The seconds do their best to show up. Stand in line behind the minutes. The hours of a day throw a fit when they see the sun going down. It suggests a loss of consciousness. The hours feeling faint. Going numb in their toes. Their heads dizzy, the meadows spinning around. The hours do their best to relax, sip a glass of cool water, close their eyes. Listen to the birdsongs that occur all over Sullivan County. A kind of country music, as well the river’s flute.
The minutes not knowing which way to turn, confused by the wind’s questions. Always about dark arriving to perch in the leaves. The minutes observing the rituals of light squirming like worms in the dust. The minutes listening for the birth of night. A cry that comes from within the first shadows twiddling their thumbs. Those last moments afraid to wander through the woods.
Each moment dwindling, exhausted by nervousness. A willful disregard, knowing the end of day is upon them. And having lost their sensibilities, unable to summon up the courage, the minutes go through their ceremonies. There’s no concept of responsibility when minutes have lost all their meaning.
The best southern hours awaken refreshed. They yawn and stretch. Rise and shower and shave. They dress in their work clothes. Prepared to do an honest day’s labor. The hours are prepared to spend their time working on the farm. Baling hay, feeding the cows and chickens. Milking the cows.
Some hours are not quite ready for responsibility. Sometimes they’re young and don’t see the point of working. A frivolous hour is one that sleeps in the barn. Hasn’t enough the time or inclination to put its shoulder to the wheel.
It’s a good southern day that bears good times. The hours strike out. They’re headed toward town. The minutes follow, hugging the ground. Have you ever seen a minute which wasn’t in a hurry. All the minutes are tumbling out of the hours. Somersaults and shoulder rolls that catch the eye of the hours.
The clocks in Bristol count the hours. Each one with a pot belly. Beard, strong arms. Half the hours wear blue dresses. The clocks of Bristol speak with a twang. It’s nothing they can do anything about. It’s  what clocks in Bristol do. Our clocks are southern clocks. They speak with a twang. What would expect them to sound like? They’re all Tenneessee Ernie Ford, Minnie Pearl, Patsy Kline. Every tick and every tock gives them away.
We ask the hours not to play too much. We’d rather they get down to business. The farms deserve hours with strong backs, a willingness to get their hands dirty. If an hour needs a bite to eat, we’re prepared to feed it hay, oats, a bowl of grits.
Southern hours love the smell of sausage frying up in the pan. They’ll do anything for a plate of sausage and gravy.
It was tired, so it went to bed. Tucked its numbers under the blanket. The big hand under the pillow, the little dangling over the side. It had nothing to eat all day. In Bristol, we feed our clocks grits and biscuits, gravy, pork chops. We don’t ask them to work unless they’re willing to go out there and round up the minutes of a day. Place them all in a row. We don’t like minutes that stand around. Idle. We prefer minutes that are hard workers.
The hungry clock that waits patiently for the hours. It sits atop the living room mantle. Licking its lips. It’s stomach empty. Growling like a tiger. It pounces upon the minutes, and gobbles them up one by one.
A southern hour is a bone to gnaw on. It tastes like pork chops. A southern minute comes slowly to the clock. Peers into the clock’s blue eyes. It’s frightening to know what clocks will do for a juicy minute.

Southern Grammar

The overly possessive nouns grab you and won’t let go. They hold you close. Watch over you. Trouble is they don’t let you grow. I hear tell of nouns that mother additives. Do everything for them. Never give them a sense of independence. The southern nouns all need verbs that they can make every decision for them. An adjective is a baby crying in the crib. Got to pick it up, rock it to sleep. Sing a lullaby. And if it needs a drink of water, the possessive noun will fetch and carry.
It’s not that the possessive noun doesn’t care. The possessive noun just doesn’t know what to do to allow the adjectives, adverbs, verbs enough space so they can develop on their own. Make their own decisions. Get a sense of independence. Stand on their own two feet.
Making plural nouns possessive. Add an apostrophe only to plural nouns that already end in s. The s is a dead give away for some needy aspects. Got to give some love to it. However, somtimes less is more. Don’t give the noun the impression that it’s all that important that it be attended to. Let the noun grapple with its problems. Knowing the struggle to cope is essential to the growing up. Maturity comes with adjusting to the challenges of grammar. The knowledge that comes with trial and error is a welcome affair.
You don’t need to add an extra ‘s’ to plural nouns that already end with the letter ‘s’. Simply attach the apostrophe onto the end like pinning the tail on the donkey to indicate that the plural noun is now a plural possessive noun.
A room full of pronouns may cause a ruckus. They yammer and wiggle their legs. You can see the frightened looks in their eyes. So it’s natural for possessive nouns to want to tend to the needs of baby verbs. Don’t spoil them verbs. Though the tendency is to overdo the nanny aspects of grammar.
Grammar is what keeps nouns safe. Healthy, wealthy and wise. The care for infants should be judicious. Shouldn’t take away the initiative of young verbs and nouns. If a cry should come from a noun, there should be some interval before coming to their need.
In order for newborn nouns, a few minutes old, you’ve got to give them time to adjust to the coldness of a sentence. Gets chilly in there. Could snow, get icy. The possessive nouns would arrive too soon. Throw a blanket around the verbs. The nouns with frost bite along their toes.
The risk is nouns will need full attention twenty four hours a day. Simply because they’ve grown accustomed to being watched, listened to as though if they did cry something’s wrong. Which may not be the case.
Nouns may thrive under the circumstances, left alone to fend for themselves. They’ll learn to be self-sufficient. Grow up tall and strong. They won’t need the grammar that is overly possessive. Just the tempered kind.

Bristol's A Pretty Girl

Seven AM and Bristol’s powdering her nose, putting her lipstick on, gazing into a blue sky, seeing if her face is pretty enough. They’s always tourists in town. And she don’t want them thinking she’s too old. She’s perky for a small southern town. Two hundred years old. A few years more, but who’s counting. She don't look a day over ninety. Ain't a wrinkle on her. No gray hair neither. She's quite a lady. Spry, flirts with anybody that comes her way. She has long eyelashes, a pretty mouth that's about seven miles wide. When she whistles people think a train is coming.
When it rain's she's stepping over the puddles. When it snows, Bristol loves to see the streets covered in snow. Bristol loves winter, cause she know she looks good in white.
She’s got quite a appetite. This morning she ate ten thousands plates of grits, biscuits, gravy, sausage, eggs sunny side up, drank as many cups of coffee as would fill up Steele Creek.
She needs to eat all that to keep up her energy. Focus. She's got a lot of things to do. She's got a list a mile long. Run all the way to Knoxville. The things on that list are ironing, washing, cleaning, discovering things that would astound anybody. Bristol's got a lot intelligence. It's a guru. Got a thing about eating cornbread. Loves it with all its heart. Almost as much as country music. The banjo knows Bristol like a member of the family.
The conversation around the breakfast table is buzzing like a beehive. You can’t get in a word edgewise. Cause Bristol can talk a mile a minute. She’s never one for leaving anything out. Being she's over two hundred years old you got to give allowances for lapse of memory. Sometimes she forgets all them hundreds of thousands of kinfolk who come by, sit on her frontporch.
She's a hard working town. She's not one for slighting her duties. She's all about doing her best. It’s her responsibility to carry her load. Bristol’s got plenty of things to do. She ain’t like them other small southern towns. She knows she’s prettier than all them put together. It's her long hair, pretty eyes, just take a look at the way she walks into a room. What is it that she's got? Something that all them other southern towns admire. Like her way of telling a story. You never want it to end. Or the way she can cook, fry up some chicken steak, barbecue. So delicious it give you a bliss that make you feel like you somebody.
People come to Bristol to look at her. She’s sitting pretty. Proud she discovered country music. That’s what people know about Bristol. She’s got a reputation for NASCAR. It’s where them cars race around a track, trying to catch country music.
Bristol’s out the door come eight o’clock. All dressed up in a frilly white lace dress. High heels, carrying her purse. Got a hitch in her get along. If you see her give her a wave.
When Bristol sits she takes up most of Sullivan County. When Bristol stands up she cast a shadow that falls all the way to Nashville. When she takes a step it's a mile long. She's proud to be from east Tennessee. That's her birthplace. So you know what a town she is. She's a good place to live. She ain't got time for nobody who don't love country music.
She's never going to tell you her secret. You'll never figure her out. She's one southern town who possesses a personality like Tennessee Ernie Ford. When Bristol talks you could swear Minnie Pearl is standing in front of you. Roy Acuff right behind her.
Sweet girl. That's Bristol. Got the manners of a southern debutante. You know Bristol by the way she talks. Real nice. Like she knows what everybody likes. She’s got a twang that comes up and hugs you. Gives you a kiss. Lets you know that you are appreciated. Small southern towns hold a charm. A certain je ne sais quoi. She’s got a quaint manner about her. A kind of girlish demeanor. Her face is so pretty you stop and just wonder where she got them dimples.
She remembers everybody’s name. What day they was born on. What they put in their chicken stew. Garlic? Onions? Some kind of sprinkled seasoning that they won't tell you. The secret ingredient is butter. Don't you tell nobody. Their favorite color. How they like their coffee. It’s never too much for her to praise tourists. They come to Bristol. She’s quite a looker. She batts her eyelashes at everybody. The corners of her mouth are where tourists lie down and take a nap.
Bristol's got plenty of dresses, coats, shoes, hats. It's running out of closet space. Thousands of gloves, necklaces, wrist watches, rings. Bristol has more stockings than it needs. When you got a hundred thousand pairs of shoes to shine, you are one busy town. She's been engaged ten thousand times. She ain't fickle. She knows what she wants. A fellow who can pick a guitar and sing like Ernest Tubb.
Everybody talking about Bristol. People can’t believe she’s all gussied up. She could charm a grizzly bear. Bristol with her southern accent. One them twangs that you can’t forget.
People can’t stop coming to Bristol. They looking at her like she was ten feet tall. A long legged giant who discovered Country Music. She plays the guitar, fiddle, banjo, mandolin. Bristol sings like Tennessee Ernie, Dolly Parton, The Carter Sisters.
You know Bristol when hear laugh. She's got a way about her. You don't forget a small southern town like Bristol. It sticks in your mind. It may be the way she talks. That real smooth voice that hugs you, believes that you're the one. Just take a look at Bristol and forget your troubles. Let Bristol give you a good time. Listen to her sing. She's got a voice like Tennessee Ernie Ford, Minnie Pearl, Tammy Wynette, Patsy Kline, Porter Wagoner. And look inside you and see them green hills of music. Them guitars and fiddles that play inside country folks. And keep them from letting sad thoughts pull on them.
When people leave Bristol they can’t stop talking about her, and thinking about her in a special way. Bristol is unforgettable. Once you see her you just plain in love. People don’t want to leave. They hang on. They can’t get enough of her gifts.
You see her and you wonder how she got so beautiful. Would she ever think of moving away? The tourists visit the souvenir shops and take little bits of Bristol away. They take a lot of photos. They know if they get Bristol in the picture people will believe them back home.
See, I’m standing next to Bristol. Ain’t she something. Who would believe a small southern town would let me stand right next to her. Bristol enjoys the visitors.
Though sometimes they get a little curious. The fans want Bristol to tell them the secret to her longevity, her beauty. Her gift of gab. What was it that Bristol discovered when it recorded those first country music songs? Something come out and jumped on Bristol. They married, you know. Bristol and country music they get along like ham & eggs.
Don’t like to brag. But Bristol has got tens of thousands of children. Bristol give birth to more than country music.
Why is Bristol so happy? For a small southern town, it’s perky for a girl that’s over two hundreds old. She’s a farm girl. Loves to fish, hunt. She’s never sad. She never says a cross word to anybody. She’s always says the right thing. There ain’t nothing Bristol would do for you.
What’s Bristol’s secret?
Must be something in the grits. The sausage, the gravy, the sweet tea.

Money Talks

Ten dollar bills are tourists. Visiting Bristol, the wide eyed ten dollar bills want to hear some country music. They stop by the Museum of Country Music. Ears perked up big as elephant ears. That ten dollar bill wearing that straw hat, chewing tobacco, going around giving people the notion that it was looking for business. Going to sell you on the idea that the almighty dollar is all country. You might notice the difference between country money and city money.
ent to Bristol and disappeared. We ain’t seen it since it got off the bus, all dressed up in that new green suit, green necktie, green shoes. Green sunglasses. Got a green face. Smells like lavener. Horse radish, maybe a dose of hand cream.
That kind of money never gets anywhere. It’s alway pushy. Telling people what to do. Left and right. It was kind of bossy the way money is when it leaves home. Gone to work in Bristol, where nobody is certain if money knows what it’s doing.
It could be just a momentary lapse of consciouness. Amnesis is common among currency. The hands that pass it around can’t remember anything.
The city money has slick backed hair. Carries a brief case. Drives a big red convertible. Waves to everybody. Knows your name. Everybody is Bristol knows more than city money. We got country money that drinks sweet tea. Eats grits, cornbread, pork chops, chicken steak, mashed potatoes that can see right into your soul. What’s that spot over there? Did you tell a lie?
You can depend on a city dollar bill to flash its wallet. Let them greenbacks float upward into the sky. Till they cover it all up. Don’t you hate it when cash gets smart. It always trying to fool you. Asking you where’s the bank? Like dollar bills didn’t own a pair of eyeglasses. I hear tell they’re far sighted.
Get their pictures took at the Department of the U.S. Treasury where money is born. Everybody knows money’s cry. Like a baby kicking its legs. Wiggling its toes. I’m not certain if one dollar bills have what it takes to build an empire. They don’t go around Bristol boasting of their conquests.
I just know a five dollar bill with a big ego. Loves to talk about its investments. A bag of hard candy, potato chips. Two smiles from a tall twenty dollar bill with legs long and sleek as east Tennessee. Got that beautiful face. Like Minnie Pearl. Ain’t she something. Come sit in your hand.
You know when you get that twenty out of your billfold its going to sing. Got that price tag on its hat, dangling so everybody can see it ain’t no fake. Counterfeit money in Bristol gets thrown into a cardboard box. We ain’t fools. We know fake money when we see it.
Counterfeit money has no legs, no arms. It don’t talk except when its got a lawyer in its presence. When it goes fishing it catches nothing. When it goes hunting it don’t bag a rabbit or squirrel. It just stands there. Hands on its hips. Looking kind of foolish.
Hard earned money’s got what it takes to speak its mind. Tell you the difference between right and wrong. Break it to gently. Looks into your face and sees somebody who knows the right thing is what makes the cash register sing, like Conway Twitty, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Johnny Cash.
Every ten dollar bill waiting for that blue sky to come along. If clouds fill up the sky, that ten dollar bill brought along an umbrella for a rainy day.
Some ten dollars bills go shopping. They look for good buys. Chicken on sale, tomatoes ripe and ready. Ten dollar bills believe in planting seeds in the garden. That’s where we got cucumbers, cabbage and corn. We just waiting to cash in.
Money has no equal when it comes to common sense. Got knowledge that we can count on. Ten dollars will split up its winnings. You can almost buy lunch for it. Don’t think about dessert. You can’t afford it.
The wallet with too many greenbacks will confess its shortcomings. It’s got confidence it can buy its way out of trouble. Though I wouldn’t bet on it. Money is all about looking before it leaps. Don’t want to break anything. Ten dollars got bones and muscles it don’t about. Twenty dollar bills are stiff sometimes. Can’t touch their toes. Did you expect a ten dollar bill to be that flexible?
Money doesn’t alway fits into a square. Or a round hole. It’s clever about its lack of enthusiasm for diamond rings, a bag of nuts, chewing gum, a new car. Money can go a long way. Though that return trip may cause it so regret. It may not return in the same shape as it left. It may be only a small resemblance of itself.
A twenty dollar bill could come back as a five dollar bill. That’s the cost of doing business. The exchange rate is something awful. Two five dollars bills, for example, went to the Cameo Movie Theater and got tickets, some popcorn and sodas. Now them five dollar bills are plum broke.

Steele Creek's Flute

If you swallow a fly at a church picnic, it means you done something wrong. You told a lie that flew around Bristol and lit on a dogwood tree, sung pretty, like Merely Haggard. Disappointed people who depend on you. The lie is an insect like a horsefly. Don’t let them go flying into the breeze.
The only good time to tell a lie is when you’re swimming at the lake. You’re underwater. Don’t worry the fish won’t know the difference. You can gurgle the Gettysburg Address and none of them fish would know the difference.
Lies come from bad judgment. It’s dark in there and you don’t want to know what lives in lies. Some bats, crocodiles, bears, coyotes, maybe an octopus or two. The lies are born everywhere. They hatch out of speckled eggs. It’s a sight to see them swarming around Bristol.
We got way to deal with them. The lies that die are the ones that don’t have any influence. No confidence. Never went to a grade higher than elementary school. They have sharp talons. Small beady eyes. Stand about yea high. If you see one they’re probably headed to the bank to ask for a loan. Never happen. We don’t hear them. Because some lies are mute. Blind and deaf. Can’t see, can’t hear the river’s symphony. Nor the creek’s old flute. The one that draws the spirits out of the woods at night. The frontier people still holding onto a breeze. One soft larksong that has no end.
Lies dress well, I’ll give them that. They don’t always wear a wrist watch. Or have good manners. Never use their napkins. Eat grits with a fork. You come up to a lie and it looks you in the eye like it was important. It ain’t nothing. Don’t have much self respect. Them old shoes, socks that got these long stripes. You can see the hair on its chest poking through its shirt. All lies wear neckties. Some don’t know what’s happening.
The lies are all ill mannered. Talk out of turn. Chew gum, ask you for a loan. They will follow you all over Bristol. Tell you all kinds of things that you did, which you didn’t do. Like step on that snake. Seen it rise up and give that glare that snakes give their enemies.
Lies will talk behind your back. Tell everybody in Sullivan County you can’t tell the difference between right and wrong. You can’t play the guitar worth a hoot. You don’t love Merle Haggard. What’s wrong with you?
You didn’t ask the biscuits for a favor. Butter has you on its hit list. Gravy has never liked you because you just ain’t no good. The lie is bow legged, walks with a limp. It’s hunchbacked. Loves the ring the bell in the tower. Cause it thinks that’s what the truth sounds like. Well, sort of.
The truth plays a guitar, strums it for a thousand years. We hear the truth. We know it well. It’s written down inside us. A place so deep lies can’t find it.
Secret of The Bristol Sign

The Bristol sign reads clearly the words.  “Bristol - A Good Place To Live. “ Unless you’re standing behind the sign and the words mumble  “Evil Ot Ecalp Doog A. “ One can immediately see the advantage of reading the sign from the front. The around the corner view gathers no moss. Sticks its head in a bucket of ice water. Tries to sing. You wonder what animal sounds like that.
Some have attempted to pronounce the reverse side. And have discovered that it lacks substance, the meaning has folded up its tent and packed the motto into the back of an old truck, one bound for the Blue Ridge Mountains. Where letters go hunting for squirrel, rabbit, deer. The letters fishing for trout, bass, bluegill, crappy.
The correct letters stand tall and reveal themselves. On sunny days the letters have sunglasses on. Enjoy the warm and intense light that provides a lovely tan. The letters smiling, charming any tourists that have come to town.
When clouds gather in the skies over Bristol, the letters snooze, taking their afternoon naps. Dreaming of Tennessee Ernie Ford, Dolly Parton, Minnie Pearl. Wishing other letters well. Good that some letters become famous like Bristol;s letters. It being important they together in a short sentence that shines by the light of the sun. That orange ball of fire that gives the Bristol sign a pat on the back. A kiss on the cheek. Somedays merely a handshake. A look in the eye as though it wanted the letters to work and play hard.
It is not true that the Bristol sign contains the essence of an advertisement for our city. Those letters are all fine letters. Perky letters, letters that awakened cheerfully from dreams of making it big. The letter sipping sweet tea. Eating a biscuit and breakfast.
The letters standing a watching us. Sometimes they follow us home. Creep up on us as we climb the stairs for bed. We hear those letters humming a southern ballad. One that the Carter Family embroidered upon the Appalachian conscience. The sweet prayer that stands along State Street. One can hear it in the hush of early morning. The sun scribbling its light on the streets. Signing an autograph for a mailbox. The pots and pans that old wagons strike together lend themselves to the sound of conversations. Some slow, a few nimble conversation. The street filling like a bowl of gravy. There’s a whole crowd of grits coming down West State Street. Let’s get our spoons, want to?
We’re still giddy from dissevering country music. Recorded those fine country artists and when the world heard it over the hurrah of other forms of music it was declared that a new category at entered the race.
Country music as it pushed its way into the music hall it sang like Appalachia. Like every country man and woman ever born. It’s that voice that lives in east Tennessee. Listen to us talk. Listen to the birdsongs in Bristol. Listen to the creeks and rivers. They know things. If they don’t like you, they don’t talk to you. You done wrong. Not every creek and river can forgive.
The first recording of country music opened with a sweet hum. The guitar jumped on the bandwagon. The fiddle sprung out of a dark cavern sang like every gifted child. Smiling at the world. It got those blue eyes, that fiddle batting it eyelashes. Puckering up and don’t you know they kiss everybody. Even the ones that don’t want to know what country music is up to.
In country music, there was generations of artists. They catch hold of country music and they living there. You can hear them in every song. They telling you that you’re going to enjoy yourself. Cause when country music was born it was one large explosion.
It sounded like a door opening. A door as tall Davy Crocket. Got windows and every people looking out. Pointing at the way the ears perked up. Some large as buildings. The sudden expectations that country music invests in all of us. The gratitude we feel when a genre of music enters the music hall. Takes the world by the tail.
The footsteps that country music follows in the mountain peoples’ dreams all climbing over them old dusty roads. All headed for church. The picnics that them footsteps enjoy are still going on.
It’s everything you want. Country music is the best picnic there ever was. Got that tablecloth that’s long as east Tennessee. Bowl of fried chicken sitting there entertaining everybody. Don’t let them flies buzz down and get themselves covered with grits.
Come to Bristol, sang those first sessions. Every tune biting off the nose of them who had turned their back on country music, thinking had been left dangling from a tall. Hung by its tail. The trial was short. Country music was guilty of innocence and love for poor people. For people who had lost somebody, for anybody who fell in love and then woke up with a broken heart.
Them letters on that Bristol talk about taxes, prices of food. Does the fiddle know the guitar would prefer it remain home, stuck in the closet? Do the cars understand their obligation to quiet. Less beeping and growling, please. The letters are not deaf. They can see clearly. You standing there with your hands in your pockets. The young mother pushing her baby carriage. The cry of that baby brings a tear to every eye. Even the letters having seen and heard it all are touched.
Happy to be a small southern town. Letters born in Bristol like the ones that occupy the sign wouldn’t live anywhere else. And have never in their life played a game of gin rummy. Never asked for anything it didn’t deserve.
Having studied the letters of the Bristol sign, having sought from it various confessions both at night and during the day, I make this revelation, hoping you will understand, find a place in your heart to keep it a secret.
Tales of Sunlight

When the sun shines down in east Tennessee we can find things. Night hides its gifts in all kinds of place. You go looking the sunlight will poke around and show you the most incredible things. Strawberries growing under a peach tree. Who would have thunk that? Cabbages with one eye shut, catching a nap. Potatoes looking like guitars strummed by the wind’s hand. Got a pic big as the Blue Ridge Mountains.
The sun shows you where the starlight died. How awful it was that it kicked the bucket. Moonlight chasing the hours that fly around Sullivan County. We can see them up there. What would like for those hours to give you? A nice punch in the belly? Kick in the caboose? The hours are full of hope and discipline. They may ask to see your birth certificate. Where were you born. If in Bristol, you get a free ticket to the circus. Now that’s about the best deal in the Southeast. You could hold out for cornbread, biscuits, gravy. But beggars can’t be choosers. You got to compromise sometimes.
And the sun is a good friend. Helps you understand the dark. Cause that strange behavior that dark has just about can drive you crazy. Dark is a schizophrenic when it comes to light. Just a pinch of starlight in a lake can wake up the fish. Sing like Porter Wagoner, turn that country ballad into a ball of fire. It rises in the east, sets in the west. Country music lights the whole world up.
It rose here in Bristol. Bright and blinding. It cut the rug. It plum rung its bell. And everybody heard it. I mean they let that country music into their house. It stayed upstairs in a guest room. Then come down stairs in its bedroom slippers, bathrobe. Looking for some grits and gravy, is there sausage ready? Country music became a large, popular tourist stop. People heard that amazing collection of gifts and accepted them gifts. Of course, they didn’t get any tax deductions.
The sun light in all its glorious brilliance ain’t quite up to exceeding country music’s light. We got a light that shines on us when a guitar lets go with a twang. A fiddle opens its mouth and lets go with that yodel. The mandolin eating some biscuits, drinking sweet tea. What time is biscuits and gravy? The clocks of Bristol tick off the minutes that we wait. And don’t you know clocks like biscuits and gravy too.
You don’t suspect clocks and furniture to appreciate edible things. Until you notice spoonfuls missing from the bowl. Little bites takes out of the biscuits. You see modern science is good, but it don’t know everything.
To know it all you got to listen country music. Them melodies are wise, tell you what you need to know. Just when you up and play and song by Tennessee Ernie Ford or Johnny Cash or The Carter Family you might learn a thing or two. I bet if they played country music to dark it would perk up.
Night can’t see nothing. It feels around for its eyeglasses. Finds a fire hydrant, two houses and a barking dog. Night bad hearing. Don’t walk so well. Sometimes you see strolling up Windsor Avenue. It all covered with a blanket. Moss, leaves, gravel. Dark hides. And it don’t want nobody to see what it’s doing.
It’s always feeling low. Wanting what it’s missing. That light that shines down on Bristol when country music wakes up. Opening one eye and then the others. Them blessings come out of its pretty mouth. Shoot the moon, grab every star and put it in its pocket. Just for good luck. Country music is what Bristol discovered. We got the baby first hand and footprints. We hanged it on the wall, next to country music is diapers singing like the Carter Family.
We ain’t been the same since.

I Believe In Bristol

The birth of Country Music was a miracle. We're the Father and Mother of that blessed event. Now we're descendants. Cousins, nephews, nieces, aunts and uncles. We heard told many stories about them early days. How country music learned to talk, how it learned to take its first steps. How it cried to be loved. And we give it back. We ain't holding out. Oh, maybe some of us turn and run toward the idiotic brays and epileptic seizures of electric guitars. But we stick close to country music. It gives us a little hitch in our get along. To borrow a phrase from Tennessee Ernie Ford.
You see what Tennessee Ernie Ford said is the law. We got to obey him. We listen to his music and he tells us what we need to know. Country music will never let go. Never let you down. Always stay true. Tell you the truth about anything under a Bristol sky. And I mean one of those blue skies that every town in America would love to see. We got blue skies, so many blue skies. We don't know where to put them.
And ever since that birth of Country music, Bristol has been watching it grow up. And those early days it crawled along the carpet. Slipped under the dining room table. Loved ice cream, lollipops. Cut its teeth on grits and country ham. Give it that deep rich voice that every found exciting and full of charm.
First a child running around ringing neighbors' doorbells, yelling for somebody to come home, whistling like a train rolling across a bridge in the dark, starlight busting its gut to shine.
Sometimes folds them up like blankets and place on the top row of the cupboard. Or use the for bread spreads. Sometimes we use for quilts. Never lost a blue ribbon at the state affair. Our blue skies come to us like puppies. We find them on our doorsteps. We feed them a few country songs.
The Carter Family has fed us. They pass around their gifts. We open our bags and find we can't do without their gifts. Because glittering up from the bottom of the bag is Bristol. We live here. We can't think of a better place to live. We think we're going to keep our accents. Nobody take them. We could rent them out.
Everybody jealous. They think our accents are powerful. Like a toad spell. Maybe so. You never know when you get close to accent. Those long arms, grubby fists come out and pummel you like a punching bag. All for what. What did you do?
When a southern accents comes to visit, make you got grits on the stove. Gravy swimming the backstroke in a large bow. Biscuits asking for it. Giving everybody the nod. Unafraid being eaten for breakfast, lunch or supper. Let the butter run deep as the Atlantic Ocean. The knives spread the butter over east Tennessee.
You ain't believe it, but butter makes a good impression on people. Makes the streets and highways slipper. But you count the biscuits to taste better. Chew, swallow and listen to biscuit going down. Filling you up with bliss which come out that east Tennessee accent. All sparkling and spinning that gold that you find buried in treasure chest. Called country music.
How many times have you heard a southern accent and it told you a secret. In Bristol, where the east Tennessee accent was born we noticed this. When we speak we tell things which nobody knows. Like the cheery trees in Sullivan County have a strong influence on birds. They eat them cherries and can't stop singing for weeks on end. One flock of larks sang a chorus and birdsongs and drove the moon and stars crazy. They had to take to hiding behind clouds. Stars don't take to repetition of the same birdsong all night. It does something to them. Turns down their brightness. The birdsong finds that knob in the back. And gives it a twist.
And Tammy Wynette's voice gives us harmony. Love our spouses, children, grandparents. You figure that a blue sky is her best friend. One of her songs gave everybody in Sullivan County a kiss on the cheek. Went home with them, that kiss did, and sat down in the living room, put its feet on the coffee table, petted the dog. And you know when that big round mouth opened up, we all went along. It's dark in there.
June Carter's sass come to Bristol, and we ain't yet recovered. She sassed right into a good mood. We never been so happy. The sass come out of her and hugged us like a grizzly bear. June Carter had a voice with tender hands. She touched everybody. She climbed up the mountains of east Tennessee. Blue Ridge mountains which she give a hug and a kiss. And I want to tell you we just about fainted. We ain't recovered yet. Some of us don't pay no mind to when the sun comes up. We just hear the cockadoodledoo of our alarm clocks.
Mini Pearl's got a voice that reaches inside us and tickles our hearts. Not like that loud music of the lower class electric guitars, always chiding us for wearing straw hats, chewing tobacco, letting our best virtues do our talking. Can we blame anything on our east Tennessee accents. Minnie's all sugar and spice. She's knows what melts our butter. She believes in Bristol. She come to town and walk up and down State Street. Her voice wearing that hat with the price tag dangling. Her frilly white dress doing a little country dance in our heads.
The same southern accent that we got. The accent that made country music. Whenever they be singing and playing country music. Bristol give its sweet, buttery accent to country music. Bristol was back then gettting ready to give birth to country music. Went to the doctor and he placed his stethoscope on Bristol and heard the baby and out sprung an ear full of country music. A whole bunch country singers giving birth to country music.
The whole country heard that baby. Now it all growed up. Singing and playing all over the country. It's accent ain't changed much. Got to hand it to Bristol, its the parent of a fine industry. Country music has grown tall, handsome. Everybody loves it. And when they  hear it, they know it was Bristol who gave birth to it.

Snapping Turtle

The snapping turtle got its name because it sticks its neck out and tries to grab hold of whatever it is that tells it a lie. Last week two junebugs, four horseflies, seventeen dung beetles, two monarch butterflies were chomped. The snapping turtle took its frustrations out. Ate them up. Long neck stretched for half a mile. Snapped them liars up right here in Sullivan County. The trial is coming up on Wednesday, 2PM.
Arrive early or you might not get a seat. Those pesky garden snails have all the ringside seats. The case is one of the most terrible cases ever brought against the turtle. It gobbled up all the liars in east Tennessee. Ate them during the month of July. A time when turtles go hungry. Not this time.
Who knew insects told so many falsehoods. The embarrassment to the families of insects was considerable. As well the talk in the woods turns against one or the other. Not everyone like insects who lie. Talk about love, stretch the truth so nobody can recognize it.
When promises are broken grasshoppers and katydids don’t seem to care. While more upstanding insects toe the line. Keep their promises. Bumblebee. We know they stray from the beaten path. You can’t trust bumblebees to keep their word. They often tell you anything. And even the mosquitoes and gnats and tics don’t buy their hubris.
It’s never to an insect’s advantage to tell someone a lie. No matter how small. Or large. To tell a lie makes us small. Which explains the size of most insects. They do petty things. The petty insects are foolish, and devoted their own self interest. Why even give them a chance. We forgive insects too easily. Slap on the wrist.
We wish the snapping turtle to be released on its own recognizance. No ankle bracelet. No record of his discretions. We’d rather see the snapping turtle free. Just open the garden gate. If someone nearby tells a lie, there could be a problem.
The lies often resemble insects. They fly around Sullivan County. It’s not unusual to see them swarm around pool halls, barber shops, courthouses. If you walk by you can hear them buzz. Annoying little creatures with wings that fly around Bristol. It’s not a pretty sight.
A cloud usually accompanies them. They flit around Windsor Avenue. And up and down street. We got to give that snapping turtle credit. We don’t see too many lies flying around Bristol lately. Guess they got what they deserve.
When a lie gets beat up, wadded up into a while scrap of paper, it’s ready for the next life. A lie always turns into a lowdown worm. The earthworm is all a bunch of lies. Reincarnation works like a charm. Good we can take them lies and catch fish with them. Last year I caught an eight pound bass with one.
It get telling me how wonderful I was. How good looking I was. How nobody had my charm and intelligence. That’s when I knew that earthworm was up to something. Pushing its luck. On the other hand, that bass didn’t take that turn. It swalloed that lie. Hook, line and sinker.

Pickles

Bristol’s first pick in the Family Essay Contestant was Tom Pickle’s ‘Dill Me In:’ It was about his family who each year canned pickles, the cucumbers taken from their garden.  “I wish pickles was understood. Seems most folks don’t really have much affection for them, owing to their attitudes. Once pickles get inside you they can make fuss. “
“Pickles got marked intelligence. Sort of like the prodigy child. Got a good sense of geography. It will tell you every town in east Tennessee. Describe the terrain, every lake and park. It will give you the longitude and the latitude. How many square miles within the boundaries of every county. “
It’s never tempermental. The pickle is never in a pickle. We call it for dinner every chance we get. It’s the least we can do. Since Pickle is our name. A pickle is good moniker. We’ve enjoyed.  “We love relish, “ We tell everyone.  “Mustard is what we live for. “ it’s a widely cultivated plant in the gourd family, It’s a creeping vine that bears cylindrical fruits that are used as vegetables in salads. They get sliced up. Which I believe is the main thing that dislike about life. “
“They all cut. Thin and that gives anger issues. They argue with your stomach. Break loose with a tantrum. Telling tomatoes to get lost. Potatoes, corn, green beans get a pass. But you know cucumbers. They never satisfied beating on the drum they found in our intestines. One cucumber will sing to another cucumber night and day. It’s somewhere between Johnny Cash and Merle Haggard. “
“I love pickles. My father was Jack Pickle. My mother was Thelma. We’re the pickles. I got a sister, Jenny Pickle. Our dog’a name is Dill. He’s as sweet as he can be. A real honey. Only barks on Saturdays, cause that when the wind says nasty things about dogs.  “
“The Pickle family put pickles on everything. Scrambled eggs, chocolate cake, chicken soup. It’s a family tradition. If it don’t have pickles on it, we don’t put it in our mouths. We’re dedicated to the pickle’s high flying reputation. We know the rumor that John Wilkes Booth loved pickles. But so did Davy Crocket, Daniel Booner, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln (sweet relish, couldn’t keep his hands off it) and the whole confederate army. Jefferson Davis, Stonewall Jackson, everybody at Andrew Johnson’s garden party. “
“What most people don’t know about the pickle is that it’s wise. You don’t half of what the pickle knows. Tell you the weather. What bait to use when fishing. A pickle will serve you breakfast in bed. “
“Ernie Ford loved pickles on beans. Those beans could use a pickle or two, Ol Ern would say. The days he ate a pickle before singing he crooned like nobody’s business. Ernie Ford was inspired by pickles. The dill kind sent him soaring like a songbird. Next time you have a pickle think of Ol Ern. “
A pickle a day will heal your soul. Don’t deny yourself the gift that the pickle gives. It don’t like being rejected. A pickle might just turn on you. Next time you’re at a church picnic a pickle may jump right out of the potato salad and whoop you. Take the pickle more seriously. If you find that a pickle tells you a lie, then you have every reason to believe it was a bad pickle. A wicked unruly, sophmoric pickle. Sometimes we pick them they’re not ripe.

Evening Worship

When a raindrop strikes a cornfield, just as the sun is setting, people in Bristol hear a church bell. You look up at that night sky and you feel like it was trying to tell you something. The cabbages know what it means. The sky is full of raindrops. They come to ring the cornfield. The raindrops are good at making cheerful sounds come from farm crops. Once a row of string beans rang out with an arpeggio. The raindrop played a few bars of ‘The Star Spangled Banner.’ Which I can tell you startled the beets and nearly scared the heck out of the eggplants. Two watermelons burst out laughing. And a row of okra nearly fainted.
Some evenings the whole the earth trembles with the resonance of hope. A church bell, a church choir coming from a green peas. You can depend on peas to know the difference between ‘Rock Of Ages, “ and  “Love Lifted Me.’ The squash sound like an old church piano. One that needs tuning up. You can’t count on it to sing sweetly. Though you wish it well. Knowing the squash do their best playing when the moon and stars shine down. Expressing their gratitude for the church music.
The starlight strikes the earth with such a blow. All the other tall trees and shrubs will be jealous, if they don’t receive their allowance of starlight.
Not every plant gets to hear the earth ring like church bells. If by chance they catch it, they know they will grow tall. Everyone will be impressed by their knowledge of east Tennessee. Each elm tree in Bristol brims with starlight when it catches first light from the east. A sliver of starlight enough to thrill them. And don’t you know apple trees, pear trees, cherry trees line up to learn what starlight knows. Happiness is never an easy lesson to learn.
Envy has its rewards. Some turnips have have poor hearing. Most raindrops make only a splat sound. There’s no genuine musicality to wind’s ballad. It sings when the moonlight passes through the forest. The wind’s invitation to the great coronation of the leaves. Some maple leave crowned king and queen. Other peasants who merely stand and wait for starlight to hold them in its embrace. Enough love for a whole year.
Corn barely can hear the crows cawing in the distance. The crows make a sound like thunder. The pine trees wait for the final bell that the moon rings. The way the night sky unfolds like a great banquet. All the blossoms want to feed on the fields of moonlight that stroll among the treetops. Nothing wants to be left behind.
Not even the oak trees. They murmur their salutations. Never impatient. Just wanting more starlight than green hills. Not wanting to miss out on the benefits. The gifts of a night sky being good health and prosperity. And what is that sound that comes in the night? A sudden footfall. A passing spirit.
An acorn dropping on the ground. What do you suppose the earth sounds like when that happens? If you’re a potato or tomato you hear a banjo playing. It’s east Tennessee, so there’s nothing you can do about it. Appreciate Bristol who gave birth to country music.
In Sullivan County, acorns play the field as though they were strumming a guitar. There’s a fiddle playing along the Blue Ridge Mountains. Tennessee Ernie Ford’s voices in every cricket. Every cicada. Yes, that ol Ern.

Hank Williams Meets Beethoven

The dark tall music of Beethoven came to Bristol that night. It visited the music hall where country music was playing. Hank Williams didn’t know what to make of Beethoven. The two seemed to hit it off. Though they didn’t quite understand what was being exchanged.
It was cordial meeting. They greeted each other. Smiled. Shook hands. Hank and Beethoven hit off. Though both had their doubts about each other. The suspicions didn’t seem so large as they were off-putting. Hank seemed not to enjoy the absence of honky tonk in Beethoven’s symphonies. The honky tonk influence seemed threadbare. It hid beneath the music, wearing a thick coat of arpeggios. Attractive yet Hank found them rather pretentious.
Beethoven was dismayed country music wore no shoes. Went barefoot everywhere. And that gaudy bandana around its neck seemed threatening, as though informality had abducted country music. Indoctrinated it with a penchant for nonchalance.
What was country music doing square dancing to a symphony? Didn’t country music understand the complex nature of harmony? It wanted to dosey doe. The promenade lacked a concerto/ The fugue broke down and gave way to a yodel, foot stomping like a rondo had never heard. The sonata thrown backward, fell down a flight of stairs.
The melodic contour was introduce to a yokel wearing a straw hat, chewing tobacco. The young fellow had a strong back, thick hands. Chubby cheeks and look in its eye it didn’t care for delicate soft tones that spent too much time brushing their hair. Filing their nails, flirting with the audience.
Country music seemed not to give way to cellos or bassoons. The banjos showed their disdain for Beethoven’s elegance and fine manners. It found the classical music stood on a pedestal, the conductor walking around, adjusting the symphony like a conscientious tailor. Noticing length, around the waist a bit too tight. Some ruffles needed smoothing out.
While county music wore blue jeans. It relaxed taking a swig from a jug. The most fun classical music had was when the notes chased the melody around the music hall. Catching hold of a herd of country music. Asking them to stop playing around. Just stand at attention. Listen to the classical harmony. No, not another bite of biscuits and gravy. Just a rondo that needed to get out.
Country music had a heavy reliance on guitar picking, the fiddles thumbing their noses on the blue sky. Never quite appreciating the french horn that played sweetly in the long halls of chamber music.
Hank found classical music was always powdering its nose. Putting on lipstick, checking its pretty face in the mirror. A little compact it withdrew from the melody where it kept its purse. A few peppermints and pack of gumboils.
Consequentially some awkwardness occurred. County music found it could appreciate classical music. Best when it was drowned out by a fiddle. Uproarious fellow singing right along with Hank Williams. The best melodies sat down and had fill of cornbread.
Not everything classical music heard in country music turned its stomach. There were things to enjoy. A banjo, a mandolin came forth and cajoled the harmony, giving it a sweet kiss on the cheek.
Not that there weren’t drawbacks. County music heard the sticky residue of the eighteen century. Along came french monarchs, a few dukes and duchesses. They all sang in a chorus. And then came the disappointment. Classical music didn’t talk with a twang. Didn’t enjoy grits, gravy, biscuits, pork chops. It preferred its own cuisine. Talked in another language. German pushing a red wagon.
Country music had a plate of grits, biscuits, gravy, pork chops. Beethoven had quiche. Some red wine, caviar that played a violin. When the apple pie arrived classical music had to loosen its belt. Let out with a sigh. Then nodded off on its nap. Its feet propped up on a honky tonk song that Hank Williams slid right under classical music. Wrapped a blanked around Beethoven, so he wouldn’t get a chill.
Bristol was witness to the meeting of two great talents. It never occurred to us we should appreciate one more than the other. Southern hospitality allows for differences. We just wish classical music would take off its shoes. And have another slice of apple pie.

Ain't Lives Upstairs

All incantations sprung from them quaint sayings. We done used them up. You say one of them in your life at just the right moment and you can create some real spells. Country slang. You got to use it like some witch’s spell.  “Up the road a piece. “  “That movie just tickled me to death, “ or  “mama just fried up a whole mess of catfish and I was so tickled “  “Ma-maw and Papaw “ - names we give grandma and grandpa. You  “fixen “- this means getting ready, like  “I am fixen to go to the store. “ And then comes  “Hush! “ The sound of hush just about takes your breath away. Blooms like a dandelion in white ceramic vase sitting on the window sill.
And  “you so sweet! “ It pronounced  “suh-weet. “ It will add some ten years onto somebody life. Just try it. Come up to them and let it go. Watch them grow ten years younger.
“Bless your heart “- you are empathizing with someone and wish them the best.   “Thanks a bushel and a peck, “ just about flatters everybody when they hear it. Takes them by surprise. Kisses them on the cheek.    “As nervous as a long tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs. “  “Jumpy as a jumping bean at a church picnic. “ That spell come out and soak your feet in warm water. Tell you that it loves you. Wants to marry you. Southern slang flirts. Wants to dance with everybody. Don’t care if you got two left feet. Going to hug you. Sit in your lap. Tell you you are pretty.
“jaungry, jaeeetjet “- Translated this spell is a question: are you hungry? Have you eaten yet? You say that with a straight face. The one hearing it gets all happy. Wants to know how you done it. How you got inside them and made them feel so good.
“Come in and sit a spell “ means welcome and stay as long as you would like. It pulls a chair for you. Would like to give your a haircut, comb your hair. What more can you expect from a spell that’s got a beautiful face, long legs and come up to you, kiss you right on the lips.
“I reckon “ is a spell come down from the mountain. Once pulled a plow all across Sullivan County. Wears a straw hat. Don’t ever cross it. Cause you’ll end up in the briar patch. All aching from head to toe.
“Stop being ugly “ come up to me one time and grabbed by the collar. Shook me. I figured it was serious. So I didn’t say or do nothing. That spell will chase you all over east Tennessee. Come to your house. Eat all the cornbread, pork chops you got. And who wants that?
In Bristol, if you ever the spell of  “cuttin’ up, “ you ain’t doing what normal people do. You breaking loose and everybody can see how you can’t possibly be the preacher’s son or daughter. You just one misbehaving person who done lost his mind. They probably put you in the crazy house with the other insane folks.
“Bless her heart “ is a spell that will fill somebody up with love. I heard it once at a barn dance. It nearly made me cry I was so happy. Come from an old woman who was sitting in the corner. I think she saw something in me. I wonder what?
Slang is a spell that was cast over us. We talk slang because we born in east Tennessee. It inside us. We can’t figure what we done to deserve all them good things that slang brung us. We just open our mouths and it come out. Like the world needed some blessing. Some bless like the word ‘ain’t’. We use it to give each other good luck.
Ain’t come to Bristol many year ago. It lives upstairs in a two room appartment along Windsor Avenue. If you need it, just knock on the door.
‘Ya’ll’ is a bloom from a southern town. It wasn’t what come out of a blue sky. It was pretty much that cornfield that growed tall in our ways. It got stuck in our heads and we can’t get it out. So we got to say it at least ten times a day. We hope it don’t hurt nobody.

Law of Suspenders

First thing you notice when you come to Bristol is everybody’s wearing suspenders. It’s the law. We got to wear suspenders. It just plum come to us a hundred years ago that suspenders give us love, harmony. A big appetite. Everything tastes better when you wearing suspenders. Down deep suspenders deposit a treasure of love. We work better when we got them on. We catch more fish. We go hunting with suspenders. We got to wear suspenders everyday. We ain’t like other southern towns where you can put on a belt. Belts don’t give us what suspenders do.
In the morning Bristol is a big town. As the day wears on it loses weight, goes on a diet. Air goes out of it. By the time the sun goes down it’s about the size of a basket of fresh picked strawberries. Help yourself.
Sometimes Bristol’s ten feet tall in its stocking feet, other times it’s round in the middle. Gotten loosen its belt to keep its trousers up, you know. Too many hamburgers, french fries. Shakes that pat you on the back. Tell you they love you. Why don’t you stop worrying about if your clothes are too tight? Loosen up. Let your weight never tell your fortune.
State Street divides the joys between two towns. It don’t let sadness out of its bag. Since we started wearing suspenders we’re happier. Smarter. Them suspenders give us things we wouldn’t otherwise possess. We get wisdom from suspenders. You see somebody wearing suspenders you know they’re sophisticated. Can advise on matters of finance, romance and how to pitch horseshoes.
Knowing the gift of horseshoes, when you fling them it’s heaven. And if you live in east Tennessee you got to be good at horseshoes. You can’t throw a horseshoe you ain’t no good. They put people in Bristol in jail who never heard the clank that the steel stake. Spit that sound out that is sweeter than apple butter. Cure a headache. Sniffles, measles, whooping cough. The clink is right up there with the clank. The two working like a charm.
Suspenders have power to save us. We got no idea what got into suspenders. We just know they love us. Favor us. The belt ain’t nothing. Suspenders give Bristolians a certain savor faire. We good looking in suspenders. You notice how charming we is. Come to Bristol. What’s all them people wearing suspenders for? I tell you a secret. Suspenders give us things we wouldn’t otherwise have.
Gifts come straight from the suspenders’ heart. We better farmers for wearing suspenders. The chickens, cows, goats, ducks, donkeys, horses admire us because we wear suspenders. The power we get from suspenders is well known in these parts.
Suspenders from foreign lands don’t give us our intelligence, wisdom, shrewd judge of mankind. When we wearing suspenders we is a noble race of country people. Great people wore suspenders. Davy Crocket, Johnny Cash, Minnie Pearl, Dolly Parton, Merle Haggard, Hank Williams.
Them people got to be famous. Suspenders give them the edge. You put a pair of suspenders on and you can sing like Conway Twitty. Guitars, fiddles, mandolins respect suspenders. Don’t you ever think suspenders will give up on us. It’s got our backs. The suspender promise is what we hold sacred. It’s going to give us love, honor, respect.
All the greatness of country music you know it comes from suspenders. Socrates, Plato, Sigmund Freud, Toulouse Lautrec, Tennessee Ernie Ford wore suspenders. How you going to beat that? The special things that come to us is brung by suspenders. Just don’t take suspenders for granted. They hate that.

Cornbread Sings Like Flatt & Scruggs

The first time birds heard country music they enjoyed it. Sparrows thought it was a breath of fresh air. Wrens wanted it to sound more birdlike. Chickadees flapped their wings and flew all over Bristol singing like Roy Acuff. Toads jumped around a cornfield, excited about this new kind of music, which come over the hill like it was somebody special. And it was.
Ask the frogs. They knew it from the start. Country music had things in it that no other music had. Grits, sausage, gravy, cornbread. When the bees heard country music they went all over Sullivan County buzzing about it. Did you hear that new sound coming out Bristol? They recorded the first country music record. Ain’t that something?
Grasshopper were beside themselves. That country music caught them off guard. Guitars sounded like larks perched in an elm tree. Fiddles got everything that love give the world, and maybe something more. A kind of affection that only grasshoppers know, when they’re old and sitting in their rocking chairs. An appreciation of country life. Relaxing on the front porch.
Bluejays found country music to be beautiful, like an orange sunset. Only it tweeted out of this world some melody that made the forests of east Tennessee sit up and take notice. Dogwoods, oaks, spruce, pine trees. They all agreed. Country music was what the world needed.
Them flowers had never heard country music. And so they got together and bloomed that first time when country music come like a spring day. Banjos give them flowers something to celebrate. Mandolins got a whole mess of joy that traveled around Bristol. You should’ve seen the dandelions and the buttercups. They almost couldn’t believe their ears. Country music was born in Bristol. And you know the roses and tulips and carnations understood it was a special kind of music.
It wasn’t just plain beats and rhythms, not just the music birds and insects make. It was a deep expression of gratification for being born in the mountains. Appalachia was full of this gratitude, which come out of Bristol. Take a bow. Walk around the Southeast, chewing on a straw. Barefooted country folks got this gift, you see. It’s called country music. And they give it to the world.
Cause it need it. Can’t never be the same again. Country music changed the world, and when they done turned cornbread, pork chops and grits and gravy, buttermilk biscuits into sounds it plum fed every hungry man, woman, child. They didn’t know music could taste so good.
Wonder what kind of music crepe suzettes make? Spaghetti? Chow mein? Fried rice? The ear has got some particularly well developed tastebuds, don’t you know?
Everybody in east Tennessee knowed grits sing better than any opera star. Butter will always sound sweeter than Mozart. Biscuits, let’s not even compare them to them orchestras that try and outdo the sound that a biscuit makes. Oh, you know biscuits sing like Conway Twitty. Sausage come up to you and sing like Johnny Cash.
Forks, knives, spoons. You going to need them to listen to what country music is all about. It come down from the mountains, sung its heart out. We glad it did. Cause the world’s a better place.
Ever since cornbread shook up the world. Ever since grits took up the baton and conducted that first country music concert we been happy. We give everybody that melody, the one that come all the way from Bristol to make the rounds. From Amsterdam to Moscow. Them ears know how we live. They know sweet tea, chow chow, blackberry jam -- them eatings are made of country music.
The hungry world it hungry for more than they know.

Plump Streets

Plump streets are the ones where children play just before dusk. The light inches into the shadows. The graying sky is telling us dinner is almost ready. Plump streets beneath our feet. Tremble with expectations of a sudden broken promise. Children can’t stay out too late.
Plump streets know there’s an end to play. Plump streets smile and pretend not appear so attached to us. Plump streets with their big arms. Lumbering through the last shining minutes. Not fretting aboutour abandoning them to the dark. Can we take the streets home with us -- just for one night?
They could sleep on the floor. Plump streets don’t snore. They wouldn’t think of late night snacks. Or using flashlight under blankets to read comic books. Streets are not at all uncomfortable sleeping indoors. They probably get lots of invites. Streets falling quickly to sleep, without a bedtime story. Just a spot of moonlight that gives streets dreamy eyes.
We brag of plump streets. We look upon them as leaders. We wish plump streets always knew where they were going. Or where to turn. Sometimes they’er wrong. Sometimes they can’t do anything right. You think they didn’t have a brain. Why can’t streets decide which side of the street we should walk on?
They speak in signs. Moore Street, Euclid Avenue, State Street, Windsor Avenue, Anderson Street. Which way do should we go? Which side of the street knows what it’s doing?:
You’d think streets knew everything. They’re always giving advice on where you stand.  “Two blocks and you’re there. “ The streets tells you. Don’t ever ask a street where it’s going. It makes the street stark raving mad. The streets starts to yell. Tear its hair out. It pounds its fists on the ground and growls.
There are no mean streets in Bristol. All streets are ladies and gentleman. Some are old, rather past their prime. They’re busy nonetheless. Some old streets would like to retire to front porches where they can sit in a rocking chair. Some are our streets in Bristol chew tobacco. Take snuff. It’s an old habit, heard to break. Those old streets with their long legs strolling along Bristol. Boots tapping away. You hear the voice of Davy Crocket in those boots clicking along the street.
We got tall streets. They reach right up into the blue sky. If you need to get a cat down from a tall tree Windsor Avenue stands ready to make the climb. Some streets are short, squat. They make good backstops when children play ball. Some streets are fat. So plump you think they ate the town. They’re always streets with big bellies around bakeries in Bristol. The pies, the bread comes away with our appetites fully developed. The scents of pastries gives the streets a buzz.
You can carry plump streets with you, should you need to bring them home. So fond are you of streets they follow you like puppies. It’s all right. Lay them down, curled up on the steps. The streets need to be loved. We forget that plump streets are full of loneliness. And need to lap up their share of water. Enjoy a night cuddled up on our doorstep. We will give them breakfast in the morning. Treat them like the good streets that always take us home.
If you see a plum street wandering along Interstate 81, you might give it a ride home. If it looks a little lean, please give it a bone. A dog biscuit would probably satisfy its hunger. Pat it on the head. If it wags its tail, that means it’s happy.

Know Your Stockbroker

Odd how money is linked to the winged insects. Some of them that lives in the grass know more about the economy than a whole room full of shewed, well informed stock brokers. The cicada, the cricket and the gypsy moth can predict the rise and fall of NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange. Just check the newspaper with the quotes. Insects know when to buy and when to sell. Ask any junebug, dragonfly or wasp. It’s what they know best.
They got a lot of clients all over east Tennessee. Ask anybody about the grasshoppers. They know stock gains. They which stock is a dog. Woof. Birds know when stocks are going to divest their interests. The right stocks to invest in are those that sing like they birds. Nightingales, larks, two chickadees, a few sparrows that know the inside trading secrets.
Like what’s the best material for building your nest? Straw, twigs, leaves, maybe a piece of string. If a storm comes along and wrecks the economy, the insects and birds get together and rebuild it.
Everytime the firefly flashes it means there’s an opportunity to save. There’s a chance of a lifetime just waiting for you. Maybe you got the right numbers on a lottery ticket. Let the firefly tell you what numbers to play. its vacancy sign it means there’s a room to rent in Sullivan County. Or they could be dresses marked down. Or a sale on fishing rods. One time the Bristol Speedway let tickets go half price. Bout near caused a stampede. All the Bristolians know a good buy with they see it.
Bristol keep an eye out for fireflies. When they blink it’s a cause for celebration. That amber light is showing you something that you need. It flashes and all you can think is your luck just changed. You hear cheers. People believing they can get rich quick. Or just maybe make a down payment on a new house. New boat. Because they got some inside information. And when that happens, when that leak of a stock name sure to soar comes out people get on board.
Everybody gets all excited. Get in their cars and head out to Walmart. Where groceries are selling for less the price of a sweet goodbye. Butter going for some ridiculous low amount. Chicken, pork chops, ground chuck have dropped their prices so low the grocery store cries like baby.
Numbers don’t lie. They just tell rumors about things. Like what does it mean when a stock buzzes like a bee. Sting the barefooted child. Chases the bear up the mountain. It’s nothing for numbers to grab hold of every investor. Shake them like a bottle until the fizz jump out and tickle the economy’s nose. Get it to wake up. Open them blue eyes. And give you a great big smile. Life your spirits. Light the fire in the firefly. Tell you what the porch lamp says when it’s happy. Full of financial forecasts. Enough to please a garden snail.
And that’s worth a fortune.
Quiet Plays The Fiddle

Silence is tight-lipped. Don’t say nothing. It’s head is full of thoughts. They just ain’t coming to town. In Bristol, we got the best quiet in Sullivan County. It don’t wake nobody. Don’t ride in a red convertible when the band festival comes to town.
We got silence that never disturbs the peace. Just sits inside the public library. An old beard man with a pot belly. Reading the morning newspaper. That’s quiet. Did I mention he don’t wear no shoes. Don’t say nothing good or bad about you. If you listen for quiet you can hear the sound of the ocean. Birdsongs kissing quiet on the mouth and asking it to marry quiet. Who wants to be alone? Birdsongs, cricket songs have a way of giving quiet the chance to relax more deeply. Slip into the holes in the day, where only quiet goes to enjoy itself.
Got a swimming pool in there. A pool table. Some photos of Johnny Cash. Tennessee Ernie Ford, Minnie Pearl, Dolly Parton and every member of the Carter Family taking a nap on a great big soft bed big as Sullivan County.
Quiet has high standards. It knows how to play the guitar and the fiddle. It just don’t like showing off in front of folks. The great quiet is the one that touches us and gives us more love than all the buttermilk biscuits, gravy, mustard greens and pinto beans in east Tennessee.
Quiet sits quietly in the little hours of the morning. It’s got a cup full of coffee. Quiet loves doughnuts. It’s got a fine mind. Quiet is plenty smart. People love quiet because it don’t butt in. Don’t ask you what your opinion is. Don’t roar like a lion. Don’t whistle in the dark.
People know quiet by its fine manners. Always uses a napkin. Wears a red necktie to church. Sits in the sanctuary. Quiet’s a reverent fellow.
Quiet’s a good man to have around if you need time to think. Thoughts gather in the quiet and speak quietly. Quiet is about ten feet tall in its stocking feet. It’s never one to say much at all. And if it does everybody is surprised that it spoke. Everything quiet every said is full of wisdom.
You can take it out. Quiet loves the outdoors. Blue sky, loves to pick strawberries. It’s mortal enemy is thunder. So if quiet sees the sky get all gray, cloudy, it ducks for cover. Thunder cries and quiet dies. It’s a horrible thing when quiet bites the dust. We all come out and gather around the grave. Say our last respects.
And that gives quiet a reason to open its eyes. Get that lovely warm expression on its baby face. Looks like green meadows, a corn field, a beautiful moonlit lake.
Folks who hear quiet testify to its rapture. It’s honesty. They say quiet has read every book ever written.
And if quiet was to up and sing it would sound like Johnny Cash, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Merle Haggard, Hank Williams, Dolly Parton, Minnie Pearl. Quiet went to Nashville to perform at the Grand Ol Opry. People say it was the best intermission that ever played there.
Quiet’s got other ideas. It’s going to play all over Bristol. If anybody hears it, they got to know that quiet doesn’t like eavesdroppers. Those nosey neighbors who get the lowdown on somebody and spread them nasty rumors all over Bristol.
That’s quiet keeps its mouth shut. It don’t want any lies told about it crawling all over town. It’s rather insistentant on saying as little as possible. And for quiet that ain’t much. Maybe fill a thimble. Half way at best.
Quiet leaves behind a legacy of many great feats. Once it came to the world and everyone spent their days trying to figure what it said. Which wasn’t that difficult. Listen to the birds and crickets. They repeat everything quiet ever said. Quiet don’t know how to lie. It’s never one to exaggerate.
Let quiet tell you what you need to know. It’s the most popular guy in the whole world. Right up there with the cicada’s ring. The ring of truth that occurs each morning when the light wakes the dark. Asks the night to skedaddle, Leap over the mountain. Where quiet waits for its big chance to save the world from thunder.

Skunk's All Over Bristol

All human doubt comes from the skunk. You don’t believe something you been sprayed. The english language bears the scents of leaves, blossoms, gold dust, the nectar of every child’s faec that blooms in this word.
You sometimes smell skunks when politicians talk. It gets inside and deposits a whole army of doubts. Little empty cups in which lies the fountain of doubt. It gurgles up and spills all over the many forests and lakes that live inside us. It creates the hideous suspicion that country music is somehow less than them other kinds.
I mean how you going to do what a harp asks. Bach, Beethoven, Mozart never heard Hank Williams. If they had they’d knowed his voice got up one day and walked across North America. Sat down in east Tennessee one evening and when we heard Hank’s voice we melted. We was all a bunch of wax candles.
If Heifetz played his violin. The sound would’ve given the world its due. The sounds of his violin were angelic. Every heavenly day spoke fondly about. His violin reporting the events that Paradise celebrate. The great reward of being in Paradise is that they play country music all the time.
The skunk’s scent has a fan-tailed bird with it. Not a peacock, but right up there with it. The colors of a skunk’s scent was what Picasso used when he painted. The same colors that they put on them gaudy neckties you see clowns wearing in the bank when the circus is in town.
Mercifully we have managed to quell our doubts. Unfortunately religion has shouldered much of the load. The real problem with doubt is that it stinks. So we been taking in Bristol to wearing french cologne. We got that skunk smell down and we rubbing our fists in its face.
Doubt got a thousand arms and legs. It walk all over Sullivan County. Traveling them country roads way up into the mountain. Then coming down. Whistling. Sure everybody in Bristol was an easy mark.
We saw doubt coming. We smelled. Got out our french perfume. Fought it till doubt fell down. That crazy look on its face. Moaning, wiggling around. We was afraid it might not die. But gradually it succumb to our jumping on it and punching it in the belly. Somebody started to cut off its toes. We cheered.
We still remnants of that stink. It hides in the corners of Bristol. Alleyways, sleeps in a garbage can. Don’t ever pet it. Certainly don’t take home. We’ve not any place for doubt in Bristol. We’re certain of this.
Occasionally in the Bristol paper there’s a story about doubt. It pops up in editorials, bleeding profusely from button holes in its shirt. You hate to see a nice white shirt get spotted with doubt. Bleach will get those spots out. Send them packing. Next bus to Knoxville.
Stink was reported in Bristol last February wearing blue jeans and white T-shit. It had on a fancy chrome wrist watch. Listening to its iPod. It had just come from the airport. And it planned to wreck the whole town.
Conversely in Bristol the truth had a refreshing aroma. Each one smelled like wild roses in bloom. It was the lies that stank like a skunk that got its tailed yanked by a grizzly bear. You got to hold your nose when a skunk goes. That misty fermented cloud of doubt. It’s all about confidence, you know.
The more false the lie the more it boasts. The more it worships at the altar of ignorance. In Bristol, we sweep them up. They’ve fallen from the sky. The lies are often winged, emerging most often in bars, bus depots, pool halls. We demanded them places to do something about the lies.
Telling them that lies was no good. Couldn’t hear well. Blind as a bat flying around in a barn, striking the roof till it got blue in the face. They give lies a good reputation. When lies deserved to be hung by the neck. Love to watch them lies dangling. Little feet kicking.
Makes a blue sky blush.

Twang's Door

When you open twang’s door, please don’t forget to shut it. Twang come around Bristol and teach everybody how to dance, sing, shoulder the blame for the human race. That’s what twang does. You see we invented country music. We recorded the first record. Caught them voices like a bunch of butterflies fluttering around Bristol. That studio was humming like a beehive. Don’t you know the whole place was jumping around on one foot, waving chairs, tables, desks in the air.
We got twang in Bristol. It ain’t left. We think it would like to have more time to itself. But we enjoy its company. We take out every day. Give it lunch. Big plate of pork chops, buttermilk biscuits, gravy, mastard greens, a bowl of beans. You know that twang is happy.
We don’t want for it to be psychoanalyzed. Twang’s need to keep their inhibitions. They feel guilty about being so lucky. Winning the lottery like it done. We got twang inside us. Discovered country music, recorded it. So the whole planet could perk up their ears.
Once the twang was introduced around the world we might get some peace and quiet. Let them wars and atrocities hear some Roy Acuff, Johnny Cash, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Dolly Parton, Minnie Pearl. Twang, give it a chance. It don’t like being marginalized. It’s fleet afoot. You blink. It’s out there. Catching fish, hunting for some squirrel. Whatever squirrels done we know they didn’t mean it. Nor rabbits. Why do rabbits hide in the tall grass? Don’t they know we’re coming? Got a carrot in our pocket.
And what kind of life does the twang live, anyway. A celebratory, somebody so famous they can’t go out. Gotta disguise itself. Big hat, mustache, glasses and a fake rubber nose. I’m never disappointed by twang as it believe firmly in me. Looks inside me and notices my good points and bad. The worst fault I have is that I adore to twang.
It’s a hard worker. A straight shooter. Never says the wrong thing. People in east Tennessee go around with their twangs. Some even wear jewelry that twangs. The ticktock of a southern heart twangs. Any doctor with a stethoscope can tell you that. Banjos don’t lie. Guitars will break your heart, just by telling you how much they love you.
We knowed the truth. The twang is thousands of years old. Got its own mansion in Paradise. And once every split second it comes down to us. Bristolians know the difference between the good twangs and the bad. The ones that don’t measure we kick them to the side of the road. The good ones we catch, put them in a box and ship them to China. Where they confuse the heck of them by trying to explain themselves.
And so understanding that, fiddles go after us big time. They got us by the ears. I heard a fiddle song in Bristol that grabbed the moon and throwed it down. Crowd some along, and from that moon come strolling out this marching country band. We ain’t been the same since. But don’t feel sorry for us. Twang is going to buy us some sympathy. Going to make us happy by just sticking around. Got its feet dangling over the edge of the world. Looking down. Hello, everybody. Twang is here to stay.

Straw Argument

The straw didn’t break the camel’s back. First off, all the camels we knowd are in the zoo, eating potato chips. Gulping down root beer, slurping vanilla custard, then biting the head of that cone. It’s a ghastly thing to see. Don’t ask how I can bear to look it. Truth is if I see it again I just might die. This is east Tennessee. Don’t go around slapping the ground with your walking cane.
Straw never lies. You know that. It’s got the morals of a horsefly. But what comes out of its mouth is one long true statement. The straw don’t speak with a forked tongue. It’s kind, soft. People rely upon straw to speak eloquently as well as forthrightly. Straw is confident.
I’d say straw can do anything. Jump off a bridge. Ride barefoot in the back of an old truck bumping down a country road. The straw arguments all started in Bristol. We heard them all. It’s a racket with a boom and a bang. It’s pots and pans being slammed around. I hate the sound of broken dishes when they strike the linoleum floors of Bristol.
All over Windsor avenue strolls the shame of straw. When straw falls in love it isn’t faithful. The love has been abducted by sunlight. A moon with no conscience. It kisses every man, woman, child in Bristol. The whispers come down and climb up into the mountains. And cry like angels that don’t always seek our favors. We’re not immune to disappointment.
Straw has no memory of human beings ever expecting straw to yield to the suffering or pleasures experienced. Straw has no dog in the hunt. It wants all to be happy. Rest on straw and recuperate. Get a few minutes of sleep. Consult with the straw. Let the straw advise you.
We have straw in Bristol. Lawyers, certified public accountant, teachers, plumbers, carpenters. Two librarians, seven computer geniuses who can’t remember their passwords. Straw’s everywhere in Bristol serving the common good. Ask it and it will come home with you. Prepare you a nice cornbread, pinto beans, pork chop extravaganza.
What we expect from straw we get back two fold. If want to live to be a hundred we ask straw for permission. If we need a break, some luck that will give us a chance to relax, we ask straw. It’s a good advisor on the important things in life. Who to marry. Who believe in. Straw tells us who’s faithful. Who loves us. And if we ain’t got nobody to love, straw will write them a letter. Saying such sweet things that would make a red carnation blush.
Which way should we vote? Do we favor the soft straw? Or the firm straw, pointed, jagged, eager to cut its name in our backs. Are we seeking straw’s approval for our misdemeanors. We got shortcomings that would kill a horse. The weight of our burdens are becoming a detriment to our progress.
What shall we do? Which straw do we vote for? The one with the big smile, The long nose and lips that want to praise us. Or do we side with the straw with no dog in the hunt. The straw with its mouth full of mustard and sauerkraut. The hot dog given to it by a world out of control. The nasty disposition, the corrupt dispensary in its big mouth.
How are we to decide which straw will do the best job? How many people in Bristol have sat down with straw, shared a bowl of beans? Cornbread, gravy, pork chops, greens that stick up for what’s right. It’s not easy being the decision maker.
The straw argument is fierce. Come along disturb the peace. You think I don’t what straw intends for us. It’s a harmonious outcome. Yes, there are complications, causalities. Don’t worry about it. Straw’s got in in the bag.

Tales of Bristol Horses

What I don’t like about Sullivan County is the talking horses. They butt into every conversation. Turn it into a horse question. I don’t enjoy conversing about the trot versus the gallop. It irritates that horses think they’re the only living creatures in east Tennessee.
I can tell you from first hand experience that the horses in Bristol have better manners. They don’t interrupt anybody. If they don’t agree with you they don’t shut the door and turn off the lights. Bristol horses will let it slide.
They understand that horses should be seen and not heard. Gabby horses don’t get no where in Bristol. We got some high standards for horse behavior. No smoking, no gambling. Don’t chew tobacco. Observe the law of supply and demand. We tell them horses what to do and they go and do the best they can.
Can’t tell a horse to jump over the moon. That’s the cow’s forte. You can’t ask a horse for a pail of milk. The horse would turn around and kick you in the head. They prosecuted a horse once in Johnson City for biting an ear off bankroller. Got him down. That horse had some lunch.
I know horses that will tell you lies. Big city horses like them in Knoxville. Beat a parth to the great lies. Tell you the moon is made of swiss cheese. Everybody knows it’s cheddar. Tell you a haystack is everything you need. That dogs bark in the yard like they needed something. Some love that will never come along. A kind large bone to bury. Yet the dog can’t drag it into tomorrow.
Some horses make you cry. Tell dang sad stories that punch you in the eye. Pull you nose. Spank you like a terrier puppy that squired the siamese cat in the eye. One day they’ll come somebody to ride you off a cliff. You fall down doing backflips and singing ‘The Star Spangled Banner.’
Some horses don’t go to heaven. Not all horses object to their subservience to the truth. A bale of hay worth everything. Work for it night and day. The good horse doesn’t disobey. Words, hand gestures say it all. The good horse hears the command. If it needs the horse to fly, it’s within the horse’s repertoire. Like croon like Johnny Cash. What’s a horse to do, but make the most of it.
We got horses in show business. They got recording contracts. They all rich and famous. They got a bale of hay. Stashed away for a rainy day. They got magic inside them. Cherokee legend says that where the Great Spirit hangs it moccasins. Now that’s the biggest lie of all.
In every horse there’s a blue sky. And when it sees some bit of falseness or petiteness among the clover is there. Some horses would eat it up and swallow it down. Save from the trouble. The bothering spells that the wind perpetuates. Blaming social ills on milkweed. All seeds and bitterness.
The horses cannot absolve themselves for their socially unexceptable manners. They snort, they nicker and neigh. What is a neigh if not a refutation of the human race.
For some horses the opportunity to speak is rare. The horse sounds clamor for their fame. If one out of every chicken knows a horse’s name. Calls it. Spends some quality time with it, eating rotten apples. Then it all would be worthwhile. Horses love all kinds of love. Pig love, chicken love. Goat love not as much. Cow love is what the horse craves. Looking up to horses is what cows do best. Other than that milk thing.
The best horses live in Bristol. Our horses meditate, do yoga. Calisthenic to the beat of a Tennessee Ernie Ford record. The words coming off his tongue like a herd of horses jumping over the ivied walls to bring us what we find hard to believe. Love. Horses in Bristol give us such deep affection. You got to live in Bristol to understand why horses mean to us.
Horses respect us, look upon us as though we were most powerful creatures in the world. So talented these creatures they can sing country music. Roy Acuff, Ernest Tubb, Minnie Pearl, Porter Wagner, Dolly Parton. Human beings can play guitars, fiddles, harmonicas, pianos. The melodies they compose perform are gifts.
The horses in Bristol are much deserved of this and more. Someday we hope to ask them for a loan. Just don’t expect those horses to ever leave you. Horses in Bristol are loyal. They come into the world without trepidations. Yes, some horses have been sent to reformatory school. They didn’t amend their manners. Snort, neighing, braying. Like fools. A small delegation of feckless horses who upon seeing a truth ran away.
Horses loves us. We don’t know why. We got a few questions we’d like answered. What have we done? What have we said? How did this mystery begin? To tell you the truth we got no idea what we did to deserve it.

Old Bristol Public Library

The old Bristol public library was a place I enjoyed. It was a good friend, comfortable and relaxed. Always knew what I liked. I could browse for hours. The books whispered to me. They remembered everything about me. Once a book murmured a few lines from Mark Twain. It was customary when a book spoke to you to acknowledge it. I smiled. Waved at it. Another book coughed. I heard a book sneeze. I said  “God bless you. “
The sunlight poured through the windows of the old library and grasped you by the shirt collar. What it wanted was for me to sit down at a table. Listen to the books call my name. One was my brother, another my sister. The whole population of Bristol came forth. A chorus of invitations. Read Mark Twain, Grimm’s Tales, Aesop’s Fables. The books clapped their hands. They stood up straight as though I was special. Though I was puzzled by books that whistled. Gave me puzzled looks. As though they didn’t understand my reluctance to make my selection. If you didn’t understand its insistence, you might as well leave. It wanted me to read every book on the shelf.
My love of books brought me there. Where else could I in Bristol that I could be surrounded by so many adventures. The Bristol Public Library seemed to know me. It sought me out. I’d be at home on Saturdays wishful of an outing in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. And the library would call. It was those whispers that traveled a few miles, stopped at my door. Creeped upstairs to my room. I wasn’t at all surprised to hear it.
The invitation came with promises of vivid narratives. Often a book would come to me and help me laced up my tennis sneakers. Pick out a favorite reading shirt, trousers that Robert Louis Stevenson would wear on some exotic tropical island. I could almost smell the coconut trees. Not that Bristol had such things. There was no blue sea, or ships, pirates or treasure to be discovered.
Such extravagant places could be found between the pages of books. If only boys could gather their senses and board a bus to the public library, where the words took their chances. You had to catch them just right. They’d race you. The need to chase words across a page left me breathless.
I was fond of knowing how sentences lived like rich business in books. They stood with their backs to the wall. Some were fat, some were tall. The short ones glared at me, as though I hadn’t the right to gaze upon them. Sizing them up, not worrying about where they were going. Just coming up to them and expecting some transaction. Like a gesture, a smile, nothing extravagantly ingratiating. What I got from reading words was a charming look.
The look in words’ eyes was a stare. They ogled me. Sized me up and down. The eyes of words were always closed when you came upon. And hearing your breathe, anticipating your expectations, they moved their lips. I read their lips with great interest. Too often they spoke out of turn. Words not knowing what to say, unless asked a few questions.
Curiosity was what drove the words in my direction. They sought something inside me. They needed to know I was. And being young what they found was child with expectations of wonder. I sought out the things in books that I could take home with me.
As well I thought words needed some nourishment. Children I believe had bits of delicious things inside them. Truths only children would know. A wisdom in which words could cultivate their own interests. Words seeking a contentment. That moment in which the swimming pool or bicycle or seesaw deposited a sweetness. Like gumdrops or M&Ms.
Not that words couldn’t hold out for more. I think was my mental aptitude, which they sought to cultivate, like some lost world. A native such as myself afraid to go among the words, hesitant to request any trinkets or charms from them. Wishful they might expect me to pay close attention to their habits.
In books, the words I liked best were well dressed, prepared for battle. Not that I would harm any of them. I just wanted them to know I was no fool. I was a sophisticated child who knew words, lots of words. I’d met them before. We enjoyed each other’s company. Never fought over petty things.
I merely to follow the words. Each time I visited the Bristol Public Library I was attentive to their brightness. Sometimes they beamed like stars at night. You could hear birdcalls from words. The car horn, the trumpet, the guitar, the fiddle. Words could make all sorts of sounds.
And sometimes the more carefully you listened, gathering them up with your eyes they made moaning sounds, yammering like puppies. It was that sound that you longed to hear. A tinkling of a bell. A bee’s buzz that circled you as you stared down at the page. That white page suddenly opening wide. Swallowing you up.
Years later after many years, moving to far away places I recalled the old Bristol Public Library when I wrote:

Reading in The Bristol Public Library

What lies beneath shimmers up and grasps the eye like a fish  and tosses it into the sea. The cold wind blows and lifts a page. The ship rocks to and fro, teetering in my hand. The swells, the surge, the sunlit undulating waves roll and roll, beat against my brow. The white majestic sails billow and pop in my soul. A tremor strolls along the deck, spies inside me a spot of land.

Hank Williams' Voice

Growing up in Bristol, the voice of Hank Williams was everywhere. I heard it on the radio, booming from the jukebox. I observed him on television. A thin country singer with a voice that brimmed with a mellifluous southern charm. Trimmed with a warm, nasal moan that teased the lyrics as though each was an cheerful hiccup. All wrapped in a genuine heart felt undertone of affection for the southend life. He sang of loneliness, his guitar a heart broken suitor who stumbled upon women, disappointed at the quarrelsome nature of fidelity. His melancholic cry reaching out, not quite grasping hold, yet refusing to deny the prospects of the thrill.
He defined country music. Capturing its blues, its yearning for what love took back, once it had failed. The spiritual harmonies overtaking his losses. The bright promise that his voice shared with the world. The pleasant way it gave endlessly. How it found the best in all of us. An abundance of joy that sang with a twang. The country boy brightly lit with charms that disarmed everyone who heard his voice. A potion made of country sweets and succulent servings of corn, grits, gravy, fried chicken that made a sound so remarkably soothing. One was immediately satisfied just to listen. What emptiness inside us Hank Williams’ voice filled to the brim.
Yet deep in his voice lay the expectations of a man who had grown accustomed to disappointment. Returning to failed relationships to recall both their triumphs and drawbacks. Williams found country melodies that exhibited the spectacular highs and lows of broken hillbilly romance.
As a child I imagined Hank Williams’ voice wagged its tail and barked in my front yard. I was around seven years old when I seen it. It was a beautiful country song that it was carrying. That voice could climb a tree, jump up in your lap, beg you a bite of your chicken sandwich. I never loved anything so much. Everybody in Bristol had a thing for that voice.
I hear his voice stream from a ceiling fan. Entertained by the rapture of his tortuous love life dwindling like a candle lit by the hum of the electric cord, its lips round and long. It was a pleasant sound that lifted up. Carried me for a good hour around Bristol.
Hank was in every bird song. His voice brought to the world a bounty of blessings. Each one gave us what we needed. A kindness that opened inside us a place where the country blues celebrated the broken heart. A lump in our throats formed. It rang like a church bell.
What could we make of his voice traveling around Bristol, popping out of cars driving past, trucks roaring those sad lyrics. The effortless bliss that Hank brought to our lives. It was entirely to our benefit to listen closely to the lyrics that seemed to wrap around the buildings, glitter in the tall glass windows.
The sun seemed to enjoy a jukebox melody. Hank could draw the blue sky closer to him, as he leaned into the music. His mouth trilled the unexpected joys that we all wanted to experience. His melancholy enveloped us as we strolled up West State Street.
What we received from his music was not merely affection. But the reward that comes with knowing what he gave us could never give us anything that would hold us back. His voice changed us in the most extraordinary ways. We were happier knowing he was just like us. He experienced what we understood to be the heartbreak. His voice sought solace from us, which we gave willingly.
Our ears welcomed the sound of his voice like an ocean that washed over the land. All over Sullivan County the meadows and fields sopping wet with his love songs. The ballads each sparkling in the sun. The guitar twangs playfully leaping from leaf to leaf. Saving us from our troubles. Taking from us our sadness.
We never deserved his gift. How can we repay him? The unexpected bliss that goes around east Tennessee, turning circles inside the deer, the fish, every tree and insect possessed of a new love for life. What Hank Williams gives us we are still trying to calculate. Determining his gift is an almost an impossible task.
Easier to add up the hope that blue skies provide. Or starlight on a summer night.

Life of The Mandolin

There are one hundred and four mandolins living in Bristol. They don’t pay rent. They live off the generosity of their owners. They seldom complain of their living conditions. The small quarters holds them well. They don’t ask for much.
They don’t have a need for extravagant things. Like making its own opinions known. Neither does the mandolin profess any political affiliation. They tend to remain quiet when asked their opinions on religious or historical matters. The mandolin wishes to remain silent on controversial subjects, like the pig’s oink. What does it mean? The whole subject has been debated for a thousand years
They frequently attribute their gifts to fresh air, yoga, meditation, potions. Elixirs, snake oil from traveling shows. The toad soup and salamander salad is their favortite snack.
They don’t believe in astrology. Seldom do they play checkers or pinochle. They don’t eat porridge or potato chips. They’d rather sip potato soup.
The high pitched intonation of the mandolin often takes up the subject of morality in all its various modes. The mandolin does not gossip. It seldom advances suspicions that other musical instruments have made. For example, the guitar quarrels over the validity of pigs, chickens, goats. How are they virtuous farm animals when the evidence suggests otherwise.
The mandolin is often the instigator for adventure. Seeking the latest trend. Curious about everything around it. Romantic. Loves to read poetry. Watch old movies starring Lana Turner. One hears it and falls in love with country music. East Tennessee is suddenly seized by the virtuoso voice of the mandolin. An orator with strings that when strummed announce the virtues of Sullivan County.
leaps over the country music wall. It’s got wings. It’s a mandolin with two feet firmly on the ground. You can follow it around Bristol. The mandolin knows where you can go and hear country music. The kind that don’t come wrapped in plastic. Or inserted between the cardboard slots of an album. It knows that country music can’t hear no lies. It’s got ears for the gospel truth. Don’t interrupt, neither.
The question of what to do with old mandolins isn’t quite the same as how to dispose of used razor blades, but the difference is negligible. The tune melting our hearts like a wax candle. The remains of a candle hanging in the air. The wax with a nose, frown, curled lips. Where does the mandolin go when it dies? To the attic, the basement in an old leather case. Everyone who has played a mandolin is a better person for it. They strum the mandolin. It sings the most beautiful country songs in the world.
A mandolin is usually plucked with a pick. Its eight strings sing like drunken swan discovering love on a moonlit lake. It’s voice is smooth and shiny. You can see your face in it. A soprano with a big heart. Them strings kicking down doors, jumping through hoops. Eating a plate of grits. Helping itself to cornbread. The butter giving those notes a head start. Then chasing after them.
The mandolin sitting upright in a chair. Country music come straight from its heart and race across Sullivan County. Every mandolin loving cows, pigs, chickens. Riding them tractors. The blue sky above giving mandolins the permission to make it big. Make it all the way to the Grand Ol Opry. Fame jumping out of the mandolin. The flicker of lights in it brown eyes. The mandolin’s sweet voice, those notes writing love letters in air. Coming down everywhere.
Some are round backed. Others lie down on the floor. Carved-top instruments are common in American folk music and bluegrass music. The soundboard a calliope of county music unfolding like a sunset. East Tennessee the beneficiary of the good weather that mandolins give us when they let go.
Don’t want to get in the way of a mandolin solo. You could end up on the wrong end of the song. And mandolins hate being accused of assault and battery. The mandolin is a sweet instrument. Can’t bring itself to tell a lie. Gives you compliments for just being there.
Mandolins make us cry. We hear a mandolin we turn into a baby. It takes a lot of courage to play the mandolin. You hear all that blubbering. The weeping of a country music audience. Everybody blowing their nose. It sounds like somebody holding up a bank. Or jumping out of an airplane.
We love the mandolin that makes make us cry. But we enjoy the mandolin who just talks about where it’s been. Up around Steele Creek. Gone to Johnson City, Kingsport. Stopped and had a bite to eat in Chattanooga. How would much do you figure the mandolin makes. It’s got a driver for its car. The mandolin that’s a star makes at least twenty bucks.
It could be loaded.
-----

Oink's Secret

It’s a controversial subject -- the pig’s oink. What does it mean? The whole subject has been debated for a thousand years. And this year the town of Bristol is sponsoring a contest to determine once and for all the truth behind the oink. It’s everybody staying up late, researching the topic. The oink that runs around Sullivan Count is now suspect. It’s waited for. Pigs get shy when it comes to contests. Knowing everybody wants to know what an oink means?
The guesses, if you lined them, up would stretch all the way to the moon. That oink is the expression that pigs use when they don’t have anything to say. Or is that the oink is some polite way of beating around the bush.
The odds are the oink walks on the country roads where we go. The oink has nothing against the world. It is at last consultation with the oink committee in Bristol a mere salutation. It often is released from the pig’s mouth with a nod and a wink.
It could on the other hand suggest new additions to its dinner menu. What would we do to find what an oink meant? Bristol’s got people working on the case. Knocking on doors, lending our ears to the pig’s resonant speech. Oink. It’s got something we need.
The oink mystery is a humdinger. We figures it’s large in its circumference. Like a problem with the human race. What does the oink say about us? Is it happy with us? Does it regard our shortcomings with disdain. Or would the oink consider the various conflagrations of our downfall as mere mistakes made in the moment. The oink being a sound the pig makes to address our disgrace.
The odds are the oink rolls off the pig’s lips in order to assist us. Lift our spirits. Not condemn us for mischief or crimes that can only defined as unattractive acts performed by us in our weakest hour.
Perhaps the oink opens the door to avoid becoming a victim of the traitor. We eat the pig because of our need for the sustenance that it yields.
Our mouths believe in the oink. Yet we hold back in taking action. Does the oink want us to love each other? Does the oink want us to be happy? Thereby the oink. A child that flies through the air. A word like no other word. It beams bright. We feel the warmth that falls from the oink.
The oink in all its beauty and virtue comes forth to catch us. Hold us. What is it whispering in our ear? Should we obey the oink? It’s asking us for a stay of execution. The pig is eaten by a ravenous society. The pigs observe us from a distance. History, centuries of pork chops, ribs, ham with its great charm, like a Hollywood movie star.
The pig’s sincere address to the troops. The eulogy for a world that licks its lips, sharpens its knives, the white dinner cloth waiting for the approach. The attack that is preceded by placing a napkin in a lap.
The oink silently spoken by bacon. The sunny side eggs gasping. Accustomed to the victim, and understanding the sacrifice. The oink lying on its back, gazing up at the ceiling.
One wants to know the oink will recover. Not at all the invalid. The oink growing louder, taller. It comes to us when we stroll the farm. The oink on four legs, wobbling toward the red barn. It nuzzles Mrs Miller’s apron when she’s out getting the mail. She’s convinced the oink is a sign of gratitude. Though she believes the gratitude of the pig comes from living in Bristol, where country music was born. And there’s nothing that pigs love more than country music.
Mrs Miller won the prize for breaking the oink code. It come to her one evening when Hank Snow come out of the radio and give her kiss. You knew country music could be so lovey dovey?

Joy of Washboards

Not everybody knows washboards can keep their promises. Speak their minds. Tell you the great truths. Like what is the best sound in east Tennessee. A spark that hums. A wakefulness that never leaves our side. Hear a washboard and you’ve heard it tell you the truth. It’s a country guru. It’s all full of philosophy.
The more we hear about the washboard the more we know how honest they are. The sound they make is like an forest full of leaves. Somebody running across a bed of coals. A man firewalking and saying ouch with every step. Waving his arms. That hurt look in his eyes. The burn on them toes is priceless.
Some let the washboard be what it is. The joy of the  “rub-board “ played by moving a fork or thimbles over the board’s corrugations to produce a loud, staccato rhythm. The scrape that peals the country song like an apple. Some slices meeting the ear half way, others not so friendly. You got to come to them and sit down on the melody. That soft cushion that makes you want to sing along. The washboard whistling, murmuring like a crazy child that grow’d up in the woods. Now at your feet, looking up you.
Some want the washboard to be something eles. A piano, a fiddle, some dog scratching fleas. Long tongue hanging out. A moment that is not as attractive as a guitar being strummed. The washboard enjoys being rubbed in the right places. It’s a massage that warms the cockels of its heart.
The kind of pleasure you get when you sitting in a hot bath. Washboard rubbing its back against a country song. Like bear backed up against a elm tree. Up and down that bark giving its itch a helping hand. Catching it like a horsefly buzzing around Bristol. Getting that song to hum along. The legs and arms of a country song wiggling in the air. What come out of a melody make you sit up straight.
First used by African-Americans, the washboard or  “rub-board “ is played by moving a fork or thimbles over the board’s corrugations to produce a loud, staccato rhythm. As rhythm and percussion instrument  Originally made popular by jug and washboard bands, it is now most commonly found in zydeco music.
How come classical music orchestra don’t allow the washboard to lift its voice. There some kind of elitism for classical music instruments? Don’t allow the washboard into their club. The washboard knows how to make music. Rthymn is where it lives. The washboard with its fine fear for melody. The beat is the washboard’s favorite thing.
It’s a good ol boy. The washboard don’t wear no shoes. Chews tobacco. Don’t speak good grammar. What it does better than any musical instrument is keep time with the downbeat. It catches the beat like a long fly ball. Throws it back into the infield.
Every country song has a washboard walking barefoot through the music. You hear it jump over a hill, climb a tree, skip across a moonlit lake. The washboard has got an eye for pretty music. The blue eyed country song. It’s always chasing, grabbing hold of the washboard. They look good together. Like bread and butter.
When washboards get old, wrinkled, they sit in rocking chairs on front porches, smoking a corncob pipe. The things that washboards remember are always sweet. Like performing at the Grand Ol Opry with Roy Acuff. Minnie Pearl, Hank Snow, Johnny Cash.
In Nashville, when a guitar or fiddle retires they write up a review. So goes the washboard, they keep it from the big time. Some washboards don’t get to be famous. A few are remembered. The Carter Family give the washboard more praise than anybody.
They understood the washboard’s fine talent. The scratching of the washboard one amazing sound leaping out and singing with those trembling lips every country tune.
You don’t see too many washboards that look like they was courageous. But Davy Crocket whopped a whole regiment of calvary at the Alamo, clubbing them over the head with a washboard. One fine soldier. Give it a medal. When it got back home the washboard was tucked out. Went to sleep. Woke up with a medal pinned to its chest.
In Bristol, the washboard is still around. They even give the washboard the right to vote, serve on jury duty. We can’t forget the washboard. And what it done for us. You know washboards have got a lot of living to do. They just need to get out more.

Plate of Grits

What happens when grits sits down to the dinner table. Licks it fingers, rolls its eyes, sticks its tongue out to see which way the wind is blowing? Wants to know if sweet tea is all right. Didn’t mean to break its heart. Don’t think grits is callous. It’s just that you got to understand grit’s situation. It’s popular in Bristol. We love the way it treats us. Tells the most delightful stories about what to expect. It’s like fortune teller.
Grits is a romantic fellow. Everyone loves it. Why? It’s what grits brings to the table. A lot of value, a certain class. Grits has got a pretty face, lovely body. You can’t expect for you to be only lover of grits. It’s got a whole city full of admirers. Bristol got grits on the brain.
Not that having an obsession with grits is a shortcoming. Grits makes us all look good. You put grits along side some mashed potatoes or allow grits to mingle with blacked eyes the change is sudden and if you ain’t seen it, you might want to close your eyes. Grits makes everything exciting. It’s invested in us up to its elbows. Grits knowing when we need a little boost of love.
Grinning at us from a bow. Looking at us with its white eyes, just wondering how much we’re going to ask of it. Take us to Paradise. Give us what bread hold out. We need our serving of affection. The deep kind that pleases our souls. Let’s nothing get in its way. Grits with its big fists knocking on the door. Appetite get up dress and go down stairs. Greet grits with a big smile on its face. Not really wanting grits to think it wasn’t wanted.
It’s a celebrity that comes to solve our problems. We forgetful eat some grits. You and your wife having trouble, eat some grits. You want to know which way to turn, can’t see in the dark of your life, eat some grits. Grits has got a flashlight in its back pocket. And it will shine that light on the little nails that stick up. Those shortcomings are what grits has earned its reputation. Turning them into pillars of salt.
So many long years ago it was born in a small log cabin. Ran for public office and won. Quickly climbing the political ladder. All the way to the White House. Cut our taxes. Gave us the right to grits. Cause we need the freedom that grits gives us. We can think better when we swallow a spoonful of grits.
Everybody in Bristol has read the book on grits. The volume come in a dust jacket that smelled like butter. You know that book is up to its ears in grits. That book will let you find the truth about grits. How it shook the world. Tasting like nothing anybody ever bit.
The biography of grits became a bestseller a few years ago. Everyone enjoyed reading how grits fought next to Davy Crocket at the Alamo. Didn’t know Kierkegaard loved grits. Freud, Jung, Teddy Roosevelt. The list of grits lovers is long as a country mile.
In Bristol, we love grits for its kindness. Always there for us. Loyalty means a lot to us. And besides, we’re related to grits on our mother’s side. We don’t want to offend anybody in the family. Grits and us are a match.
We go fishing and hunting together. Grits knows everything about us. We enjoy each other’s company. How could it be otherwise?

Tales of Lard

Sometimes lard is the most desirable guest at the party. It can dance and sing. Play the guitar. You ever heard lard sing like a door hinge. It’s more like Hank Williams, the whole Carter Family, Johnny Cash looking like a fine sausage patty. You hear it sizzling. You want to dance. You grab the closest partner. All made of sunlight, justing jumping into your arms.
I’m tell you lard has got some smooth moves. It’s friendly, will never bend your ear. Lard has the biggest belly in Bristol. Don’t go patting it. Lard don’t like that.
Lard is a protestant minister and world gourmet chef. Knows more about southern cooking that anybody. It’s never going to tell you a lie. Lard don’t play like that. You come up to lard and whisper your affection. Lark take you by the hand and tell you the dark secrets that only lard knows. And maybe a stick butter. Just don’t take butter for granted. It gets all red in the face when you think butter is everywhere. That’s when butter hits the road. Leaves you like a bad spouse.
Takes everything with it. All it leaves you is a couple of pork chops and a bowl of grits. Which will keep you alive until the lard returns. It feels sorry for people who don’t take advantage of the lard’s promise.
It’s going to give everything we want.
You don’t know lard from pork fatback. If you ain’t ever accepted lard’s invitation. It’s out there. Everybody’s invited to the barn dance.
Lard is pig fat. Come to visit, ready to address the frying pan’s nonchalance. Got a high proportion of adipose tissue. Maybe big as the moon. Don’t look it in the eye unless you’re prepared for a few questions that lard keeps on the tip of its tongue. Can you render it into the miracle fat. The one that overtakes our sadness. The creeping doubts that lie in our heads like maple leaves, acorns, a few dozing insects. Can you steam or boiling it in water and then separating the insoluble fat.
Being the bountiful gift from a pig, it is popular all over the world. Bristol has lard that mow your lawn. Wash your car. Go down to the corner grocery store and buy some corn, cabbage, carrots, spinach, kale, and maybe some pretty little broccoli spears. Just before they go off to Hollywood and make all them movies.
You can call it by its other names. Cooking fat or shortening. It is an ingredient in various savoury dishes such as sausages, pates and fillings. Put lard in the frying pan and wait till that sizzle starts to recite the Gettysburg Address. Lard knows more than we give it creditor for.
You think lard is a celebrity for nothing. Gets hundreds of thousands of fan letters a week. Can’t answer them all. If you wrote and you ain’t heard nothing yet. Please don’t think unkindly of lard.
It’s got a lot on its plate.

Tales of Buttermilk

Country music has the fine qualities and the ingredients of buttermilk biscuits. The recipe for country music resembles the prize winning recipe for The Carter Family biscuits. Which comes down to to 3 cups all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3/4 cup (1 1/2sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch pieces and one could kiss you on the cheek cup buttermilk. Hard to say how many people in Bristol secretly devoted to their sweetheart. Buttermilk. She’s got a pretty white dress wears around the house. She can smile. Ask you to take out the garbage, paint the garage. Buttermilk has a voice like Patsy Kline.
And when she accepts your invite. She jumps down your mouth. Lands on her feet. Got that big smile that buttermilk gives Sullivan County. Her fingers are slender and when starts to knit you a sweater, maybe invite you to the big barn dance over on Moore Street, where the buttermilk crowd gather.
The buttermilk crowd is a secret society. Don’t want nobody to know’d they got friends who love buttermilk. Run and got married one moonlit Summer night. Come know on the preacher’s door, asking ‘can you hitch us up.’
It’s nothing for the buttermilk crowd to knock on every door in Bristol and ask for a favor. Just don’t drop buttermilk on your dress or shirt or trousers. Buttermilk doesn’t like to slum. What buttermilk gives the buttermilk crowd is a lot like knowledge.
In Bristol, the smartest people drink buttermilk. It expands their brain. Must hundreds of times bigger than the unfavorable ones who thinks buttermilk has too much going for it. The fat jumps on people when you take a sip. Let that fountain from the glass give you what you want.
Wishes. That’s what buttermilk’s got. You want to be happy, in love with your family? More money than you deserve? Take the high road and drink at least two glasses of buttermilk a week. And feel the enormous gift that buttermilk leaves behind. A fire that sparks inside you. Shines its light on sacred truths, a few lies, the lies all with their eyes gouged out. Thanks to buttermilk.
Let that lady be front and center on your dinning room table. Let her find inside each person the right spot. Absolve the spirit. Heal the flesh. Buttermilk is a street preacher. Come inside your house. Sit down on the sofa. Put your feet up on that mahogany table. Knowing you don’t let nobody rest their dogs on that price antique you bought down at Walmart.
If you ever break up with buttermilk, you got to pay alimony. A few thousand here and there. She needs to keep up appearances. Needs a new handbag, couple of pairs of shoes. The perfume buttermilk wears is Appalachian Spring. Has a nice way of picking out those in Bristol who need a glass of buttermilk. As well those initiated folks.
The greatness of buttermilk comes by way of its loyalty to the cow. Ain’t nobody in Bristol who doesn’t know that moo. Once that buttermilk gets inside you. It goes around your body looking for a place to sit. Play some country music. Sometimes buttermilk sings like Minnie Pearl. Other times it’s Hank Snow.
Inside a drop of buttermilk is Paradise. Room for everybody. Don’t block the door. Don’t deny buttermilk it’s ascendancy. It’s coming back from where it was abducted from the southeast.
Buttermilk give the Confederate army the strength to fight for what they believed in. Buttermilk built the pyramids in Egypt, the Eiffel Tower, the Brooklyn Bridge and every great idea ever come in our human race -- buttermilk had its finger in. What people don’t understand is how proud buttermilk is. And modest. Don’t want to brag about nothing.
Loose lips sink ships. That’s what buttermilk believes. If you see buttermilk in the grocery store give it wave. Not buying buttermilk will limit your fortunes. One woman from Johnson City drank buttermilk with her biscuits and gravy. She turned into a country singing banjo player. Sang everywhere buttermilk sent her. Buttermilk being her agent. Got her on the stage of the Grand Ol Opry.
Every year in Bristol we got buttermilk day. Them bands coming marching and playing up State Street. The horns believing is us. Giving us the confidence that we deny ourselves. A little pat on the back that paralyzes us. Until we understand the gifts of buttermilk belong to the fortunate ones.
In Bristol, when buttermilk day ends, we take a nap. The dog sits in the corner listening to clock beat its drum for buttermilk. We celebrated our lives by taking a swallow. We cherish what buttermilk gives. Here’s a tall glass.

Harmonica's Chance

Everybody knows it’s the harmonica that can’t pull its load. It’s got a rotten attitude. Thinks it doesn’t have to blow its brains out. Just make music. Always missing its chance to join the harmony. Shaking leaves from the notes. Showing off when it should be just playing the tune. Wish it would stop encroaching on everybody’s part. That falsetto voice dragging an Egyptian mummy around the room. Smiling at everybody, sitting on their lap. Singing through its nose. Sniffling, coughing, prone to hiccups. Who asked it to climb up on a table and sing like a rusty hinge. What are you going to do with a spoiled brat like that?
Guitars fight over nothing. Like which day it is and where does the sun go when it gets dark. I mean does it hide in the wood shed? What does it do all night? Watch TV and eat potato chips? Is the five string guitar qualified to apply for a driver’s license? And does the guitar’s twang expect a tip at the end of a show?
Some guitar’s got a big ego. They don’t like all the other guitars. Classical guitars get short shrift. Think they’re high filutin. Proud they don’t like being in the same band with an electric guitar. The electric guitars hum and snort like pigs.
Double neck guitars don’t talk to each other. Even though they need to in order to syncopate the melody. Don’t want that music coming out all covered with salt and pepper. Just lay down those riffs on the bread and slice it three ways.
Spanish guitars sing like angles. Though they don’t always persuade the crowds to moving along. The feet hear spanish guitars they dance a little, sit down and put their hands in the air. You’ve got to believe spanish guitars are smart, suave, every bit the romantic. Cause fiddles can’t take their eyes off them.
A fiddle is a beggar. Guitars know them well. The fiddle gets old and sings sweet. Only it don’t work, collect social security. It’s always passing its hat and asking for coins. It’s never going anyplace. Yes, it’s got a suitcase in which it can lie down and snooze. But don’t count on it for finishing the race. It’ll never break the tape first. It’s too slow. Can’t run worth a dang.
Guitars are long necked Bristolians. They live up in the hills. Come down to shop along State Street. Guitars love a good buy. The best guitars will spot a fine steak, pork chops, chicken, some fish that looks like it loves guitars.
A guitar ain’t just a musical instrument. It’s got intelligence. Fiddles know about half as much as a guitar. A guitar is a string instrument that can think all by itself. Reads the newspaper, keeps up on the latest bestsellers, science news, fishing magazines, hunting books, loves poetry, southern writers like James Dickey, Mark Twain, William Faulkner. Works the crossword puzzle in fifteen minutes.
A guitar knows you. It’s your friend. It can do many things for you. Prepare a potato salad. Bake a chocolate cake. Tell you things you ought to know. Like what day is your anniversary. What time is the best time to wake up your guitar. If your guitar knows more than you do, you might want to read some history books.
We got guitars in Bristol that repair cars, write letters, open a jar of mayonnaise and throw a party in the backyard. I tell you guitars can do just about most anything you ask them to do. Just not associate with fiddles. Guitar don’t like them. It’s got to do with good breeding. Guitars are all related. They talk amongst themselves of what to do with fiddles.
It’s a problem. If fiddles could just come around. They’re not as grouchy as they sound. Though if you get an ear full of a fiddle you might just suffer a nervous breakdown. Get real melancholic. You cry constantly. Why? Cause violins are catatonic monsters that prowl a country song looking for a victim. A whole bunch of ears that need to be punished for something.
You know what. I think they’re innocent. I think the guitar is trying to hang it all on the fiddle. Now would would believe an outrageous accusation like that?
Ask the harmonica to stand up for what’s right. It’s about time the harmonica did what it could for country music. No, lying down when the fighting starts. Sound less like a crow hooting. Clear your throat, swallow that tobacco chaw. Let go with a country ballad. One humdinger of a song. Let it roll around Bristol, giving off that light that harmonicas got. It’s got these soft hands that can massage everybody. Toes, hands, shoulders, neck. You never had a massage until the harmonica gets hold of you. Sits on your back. Jumps up and down. Whispers in your ear ‘I love you.’ Let harmonicas show us what they got.
The harmonica deserves another chance. It works hard. It’s blowing so hard its eyes might bust. It’s mouth getting larger and larger. I think it’s going to swallow the moon. If we don’t let the harmonica do what it does best. Let go. Toot like a train rolling down the track.
Thuogh nobody likes a harmonica when it’s lying down flat. Snoring. Kind of looking dazed. Like it lost its best friend. It’s sad when you come up on a harmonica. A tired old wind instrument with it reedplates, nuts, bolts, slider, valves. What’s the problem? They all holding back. Why? Don’t they love us? Don’t they care? I think harmonicas are mistaken about the world. They think the world don’t like them. We love harmonicas. Especially when they’re humming and blowing up a country song. You got look for that harmonica. It will steal the show.

The Fiddle's Curfew

Guitars got opinions. They don’t agree on everything. What do you expect from a stringed instrument? Miracles you ain’t going to get. Guitars are smart, don’t get me wrong. They got wisdom. It’s just that when they come upon that one question that get in trouble.
Why are fiddles allowed out of the house? They have no business in Bristol. Saturday nights fiddles should be confined to their quarters. No nosing around, climbing stairs to hear a little country music. Fiddles don’t deserve the right to expand their horizons.
What good has the fiddle done? It lives in Bristol, rents a room at the Darling Hotel out on Interstate 81. You see it once a while at Walmart. Buy groceries, licking on a hotdog. Drawing on a straw. It’s really not a desirable person. We don’t need fiddles making themselves conspicuous. Soon or later they’re going to want to sing. And we can’t have that.
That’s why we come up with the fiddle law. No fiddles out when the sun goes down. They got a curfew. They better seen and not heard. Though tell you the truth guitars catch sight of a fiddle, you better get ready for a fight. Punches get thrown left and right. Somebody might their lights turned out.
What anybody sees in the fiddle, we don’t know. Guitars can see perfectly that the fiddle is a lackluster performer. Doesn’t rise to the occasion. Too often it squawks like an old crow. Anybody who has heard the fiddle has suffered greatly. Them notes come rolling out that dark hole in the tune. You can hear children screaming. The footsteps of generations of mice crawling over the leaves and grass of Sullivan County.
What is it that the fiddle is good for? It ain’t got rhythm. It confuses the melody for a ham sandwich. The fiddle is a low down musical instrument. Don’t trust it to tell you the truth. Cause when fiddles talk they lie like serpents. Hiss and whisper of tender love for the human race.
But we know better. The fiddle is fickle. Can’t decide which one of us is the biggest fool to come along. Cause that’s what the fiddle does. It fools around with ears. Brushes them with its soft sounds. A bear grunting and growling in the woods would make more music.
Careful you don’t come too close. The fiddle might bite you. There’s a warrant out for its arrest. We know it’s prowling all over Sullivan County. We seen the posters sounding the alarm. I hope nobody gets hurt.

Everybody Looks Like Roy Acuff

East Tennessee is grateful for its beauty. We ain’t too vain. We know when people look at us they see the most beautiful, green place on the earth. We don’t want to get anybody jealous. But when we walk down State Street, heads turn. We get our picture took. Put it in a magazine.
That photo get stuck with its head in the door. Way up north. People see what east Tennessee look like. Truth is we look like Roy Acuff. Everyone of resembles that great country singer. We talk like Roy Acuff. We walk like Roy Acuff. We Roy Acuff. Slap your knee and play a banjo. Roy Acuff is hundreds of thousands of people. Bristol got children who look like Roy Acuff. Adults that you’d ask them for an autograph. Because they look so much like Roy Acuff that you’re certain they is.
They sneeze like Roy Acuff. They love fried chicken like Roy Akuff. Sing like him. The impersonaltion of a form of flattery. We know that. Some of us don’t think we look like Roy. We check the mirror out. Does Roy look me? That guy over there could be Roy Acuff. Let’s ask him.
Not that we don’t mind the comparison. We’re all flattered that people think we resemble one of the Grand Ol Opry stars. Shucks. Okay with us if you want to compare us with Roy Akuff. We his children. We love him like he was our daddy.
And that music of his is what gives us our good looks. We so pretty like minister’s daughter taking a piece of hard rock candy and chewing. Want one. Take your pick. You look at us and you fall in love. We got more breathtaking hills and meadows than any state. And hills and meadows like us real good. The land is what holds us in the world. It gives so much affection we just bust. We feel a little giddy coming on. We blush.
We know our chickens and pigs got pretty faces. Our cabbage and corn and carrots could break hearts like Hollywood stalets. Only they full of nutrition.
And let’s not mince words about our chickens. They’re quite charming, attractive. Draw praise when they lay eggs. Despite a few bad eggs, those chickens give us more than we deserve. You know they’ve got our backs. Cluck don’t mean give me a hard time. It means get out of my way. In Bristol, we can talk to. We was raised on farms that chickens talked all the time. Morning, noon and night. Come to think of it I had a chicken call me up last night and tell me the hen house needed a few nails, a new paint job. If a fox invades the farm, somebody could get hurt.
Chickens may not look it. But they can fend for themselves. The chickens of Bristol know karate and kung fu. It wouldn’t be fair to engage them. They can peck you up and down. Send you away hurting like a nail that got hammered into a fence post out on Steele Creek Road. You know that road that whispers to birds and deer as it stretches out. Begs the blue sky to show you where the best fishing spots are.
That beautiful country road that trills like a jarfly. Where wild flowers ask you for a date. Where the larksongs while shower you with joy and praise. Where the pheasants nest and do the squirrels and rabbits sleep late? How late? Hate to wake anybody up. But hunger calls. And I be dog gone if I’m going to starve.
The town of Bristol sits right in the lap of east Tennessee. We climbed up there and we happy to see anybody down here. We wave. We got a big smile on our face. We one southern town with a pretty face.

The Fish of Sullivan County

Fish lead humble lives. The simplicity of their existence as aquatic creatures is admired all over east Tennessee. They swim in our lakes and streams. They’ve a fondness for banjos, fiddles, guitars. Country music is what fish loves. The Carter Sisters, Conway Twitty, Dolly Parton, just mention a few great fisherman.
They fished in Watauga, Holston, you name it. Caught a few bass, trout, bluegill, crappie. Them fish only want to get closer so it could more appreciate the melody. That shiny feathered oblong-plug all covered with red dots and twitching in the lake. What’s it going to do to me? The fish chased that tune all around Holston, through the holes in the big argument going on. The one that said fish can’t hear.
I can tell you fish hear everything. You whisper in Knoxville and everybody in Bristol can hear you. You got a problem? Love everybody in your family. Don’t pitch horseshoes in the dark. It’s hard to keep score.
Fish are exceptional because when they hear a country song they want to jump in the air. Reach for the sky and grab a hold on them fluffy white clouds that look good enough to eat. Fish think clouds buttermilk biscuits. The blue sky that shiny frying pan giving us the eye.
The fiddle from the song splashed in the far end of the lake. The guitar like a songbird bursts out with the Declaration of Independence. Got a nice beat, great lyrics. Everyone wants to embrace it like a soft pillow, as though it brought them security. Don’t throw horseshoes in the dark.
Fish have a false of fate. It’s something that checks its watch much too often. The calendar is an executioner. A blind man with an axe to grind. Fish have long been frightened by humans. We’re strange. We’re tall. We’re not fish. We’re something else.
Fish are timid, their shyness comes from centuries of being abducted. Sliced up and set loose in a frying pan in love with butter. Cause butter is the only one who can throw horseshoes in the dark. And win first prize.
The fish observe in the water a qualm. It is that wall that separates what is true and what is false. The fish have their doubts about snakes and frogs. The terror of predators fills every head of every fish. The trembling fish gazing up at the starry sky wishes only to live one more day. Enough time to listen to Johnny, Elvis, Tennessee Ernie Ford. What greater reward exists?
The fish spend a lot of time in thoughtful musing of a satisfied appetite. Fish more hungry than wild tigers who can’t catch a mouse. The fish work hard to keep their family fed.
The existence of fish often misconstrued as miniature and commonplace. They swim around in lakes, counter clockwise on Thursdays, other days they slip around the clock clockwise. Ticking like a fine pocket watch.
They seldom ever take chances. It’s not like them to be inspired or awakened from their discontent. The whole business of jumping is a matter of privacy. Fish don’t jump just because the sunlight punched them in the face. Grabbed their tail, pulled it like a winning lottery ticket from a fat leather wallet.
Fish have one secret. And that’s why they jump. They ain’t going to tell nobody what fish jump. It shouldn’t be allowed out of its room. No one should breathe a word of it.
And besides, fish hate it when you spread rumors. Like that one that said fish jump because the blue sky winked at them. Or fish leap because their bored by swimming around at the bottom of a lake, looking for a bite to eat.
Or the goosed fish, the one that gets nudged. A ticklish game played by bullies and short tailed minnows looking for something to do.
The whole business of jumping. It shouldn’t be allowed to enter the conversation. Got to remember to button our lips. Fish don’t talk about it much. They leave to those of lower intelligence who insist on bragging. A fish leaped from the water and landed on the moon. And the very next moment, a fish sprung from the lake flopped along the starry shore that you see up there. A large lake big as a galaxy.
So why bring it up. We jump because the moment is right. Because we love vacations. And for that brief moment we’re in outer space. Traveling back in time to watch history unfold. See Davy Crocket kill a bear when he was a just a kid. That right uppercut was all it took.
Why would anyone talk about jumping. It’s against the law. Fish don’t want anybody to know. Keep your nose out. First thing you know birds will be jumping, people jumping up out of their chairs, just to feel that reward that fish feel. It’s a euphoric awakening. A fish yoga. Been around for ten thousand centuries.
And to unwrap it. Put on a silver platter would seem ostentatious. Fish don’t like to brag. It’s unseemly. The curiosity of the world seeking out the one thing that no one discover. Why do fish jump? The question has four legs and two arms. A few million heads all nodding yes. Though the question is quietly biding its time before it climbs aboard an uptown bus and leaves town. We don’t want to know the answer.
That question pitches horseshoes in the dark. And I don’t know if you ever been struck by a horseshoe flying around in the dark. But I can assure you it hurts. You feel the pain all over you. Like a ton of bricks falling on our head. You knocked unconscious. You don’t know your name, until somebody yells ‘Tommy Bluegill.’
The exceptional fish comes along once in a generation. I’m talking about the fish that can overcome its shortcomings. And beat the odds. They all have one thing in common. They can leap from the water. It’s a goal of every fish, though the fear of leaving the water is substantial. It’s required if a fish wants to become a responsible adult.
Few fish want to gamble with their lives. They’ve heard stories of fish that jumped out of the water and got the wind knocked out of them. Had to be resuscitated by the life saving crew.
Do fish worry for their own lives? Do they hold grudges against hungry humans? The poor that seek to appease their appetites by catching members of the fish family?
Where do fish get the confidence to leap up, anyway? Is a sudden thing. A burst of an adventurous streak that travels in the fish’s brain? Where does that inspiration come from? You go out to Holston Lake and you don’t have to wait long before you hear a fish leap. The splash is always a delightful surprise. Crisp sound like a bird chirping. Come up to you and ask you for a favor. Believe in fish, the splash says. Fish know things.
When confronted by the question is there a moment when the fish will confess. The plain truth is that the fish flees from death. A spiteful notion that each fish has a short life. And by leap the fish may extend its life. Every jump gives the fish an extra hour on the time clock.
Yet not all fish quality. You’ve got to be greater than yourself to jump. You need to be full of confidence. Kindness has no trappings for adventure. The fish that jumps wins the prize. A reprieve for fish who weren’t perfect. Made a few mistakes here and there. Ate a worm with no remorse.
Circumstances dictate the fish’s fate. Too many get caught. The jump that fish make is gargantuan. Takes everything out of them. Then gives it right back tenfold. A joy that would break a stone’s heart. Turn stone into living creature. One who loved country music. Never would eat a fish. The vegan is everywhere. Ain’t it a shame?
Many fish don’t take advantage of their ability. They don’t jump. It’s not in them. Somebody come along and took it. They don’t jump because the time ain’t right. And the right time is coming up State Street. You know it’s the right time because its riding in the backseat of a red convertible, waving to the crowd. Love those bands that march along the streets of Bristol. They all look they was shot out of a cannon and they going to explode with music.
Do fish dread not getting up enough nerve? Do they back down? Turn tail and run? What happens when fish just don’t have it? What does it take for a fish to leap out of the water?
It’s a sound that people underestimate. A trumpet sound. A banjo strummed by b sunlight. A splash is like a bird tweet. The soft whispers of cicadas rolling out of their beds all over Sullivan County.
Splashes know things. The fish are trying to tell us something. The courage it takes to break the surface of the water is enormous. You got to believe that if you leap out of the water. Your tail clearing the shiny surface. Then you get to feel special. Like you done something extraordinary.
All them other fish in the lake acknowledge that you are rare. A fish with a reason to be adored. You jumped clear out of the water. Then that splash give you a boost of affection. An unexpected reward. Better than just swimming in the lake, nibbling insects that fall on the surface.
A fish is brave that leaps from the lake. It’s tail full of bliss, coming down on the surface. Squirt water toward the shore. The birds sing in celebration. Them hosannahs are full of light. Hug the fish for the rest of its life. Just one leap is all it takes for a fish to claim the prize.
Fame come to that fish. It one daredevil who nobody can ever say was afraid. It took the leap.
Fish that can jump right out of water. Touch the blue sky. Every fish wants to show all the other fishes it’s a gifted creature. So when it comes time for the excited brave fish to jump they usually take turns. You see them in the morning. What light know’d don’t amount to much. But if you a fish you need that little extra that light give to them who leap up from the water.
A fish that just swim beneath the water ain’t got nothing on its agenda. What occurs is the fish over time learns to utilize its brain. Thoughts have fins and swim around in their heads. And one thought, and one thought only is worth everything. The one about taking the jump.
What are the odds a fish can get itself together. Study the whole subject, looking for the exact method of ascendance. Knowing the fall my injury it. Light that falls in Bristol is a sure thing. Morning light has got two truths that it hands out. One is for people and the other is for fish. The fish get the better of the deal. How you like to be a fish and you leap up. That light fill you up with love. It’s what fish live for. A pat on the back. A grinning blue sky. Telling them that they is special.
Why? What you think? Not every fish can touch the sky. Nor do they try. Too many fish lay quiet at the bottom, eating their lunch. They don’t dare draw strength from what’s around them to climb up. Lookat that blue sky in the eye. And surging upward, nose, back, fins and all, breaking free of the cool surface, they get this gift from the sky. Time to live longer. Enjoy its life without fear of being abducted. Thrown into a frying pan. The fish that jump at the lake know they’ll never be caught.
It’s called knowledge. A whole can of worms that lend itself to the fish knowing what life is all about. It’s not for every fish to know what they’re doing in east Tennessee. Sullivan County got fish that know which way the wind blows. Bristol got fish that couldn’t tell you who they are. Where they’re going. And what they going to do when they get there.
Some fish know only they enjoy swimming in the lake. And that’s all they want to know. They don’t jump. It’s against their nature. Why do it? Is the reward enough to give them that chance. Do it young. Don’t wait till you’re an old fish. Why take the time and trouble to touch the sky? What good would it do? What great reward is worth jumping out of the place where they was born.
You listen to rain falling on Holston River you hear it say it knows. And sometimes it tells you what it don’t know. What every river knows is true. Fish jump when they see a chance to grab a little glory.
Knowledge. The fish suddenly graduated first in its class. Honors. Comes down in a splash that the whole world can feel. That splash crossing the Atlantic and coming down over there in Paris, France. The Eiffel Tower wanting to get its fishing rod and go fishing in Sullivan County.
And what that most fortunate fish don’t know ain’t worth knowing. Truth is fish love east Tennessee. Every fish wants to hold the mountains close and the morning sky is never quite certain of what it’s going to give them. The fish just know it’s more than they deserve.

Stories Butterflies Tell

Butterflies get their facts straight. They got a way of knowing. Listening to us as we pass by. Our thoughts like their family. Fluttering up in our heads. Thoughts are what perches on them flowers, too. We don’t know it, but our thoughts are winged creatures that gather nectar from all kinds of sources.
Conversations, the books we read. When we listen our ears gather nectar from a string of words fluttering by. An ear is a tulip, rose, carnation, buttercup, mum, peony, azalea, gladiola. What kind of ear you got? The nectar in our brains is what gives us thoughts.
Without nectar we couldn’t get up in the morning. We pour it in our coffee. We spread it on our toast. Nectar is what newspapers bring us. It leaves inside us what we want to cherish. Not that we ain’t grateful to know terrible things. We just lean toward learning the good stuff.
You think you see a butterfly coming to deliver the news? It’s nimble. Caracoles here and there. It’s never comfortable telling us the things we dread. Who come down with the sniffles. Who run over a rabbit. Who broke a lamp. Or got caught in the rain.
You think nectar bears the important things that keep us going? Inspiration is what butterflies specialize in. They got a monopoly on it.
Either way you turn you wonder if a butterfly will follow you? It’s all about where the nectar is. You might be the nectar that the butterfly seeks.
It follows us in Bristol. Butterflies want us. Got to collect their quota of nectar. It’s the stuff that we say. Think, do. What we accomplish is all full of nectar. What we fail to do is just dust. A bit of nothing.
How does the butterfly know which way to go? Where is the next bloom that holds its future? Is there a reason that flowers whisper for butterflies to come closer? People are blooms. They done grown up. They holding their nectar so they can keep it to themselves.
Some got personalities. Bear gifts that you might find to your liking. Wiggle their wings at us for reasons that only we know. We ain’t telling nobody what butterflies give us. The butterflies in Bristol take care of us.
The butterflies in Bristol don’t belong in any classification. They go fluttering around town, perching on roses, tulips, violence, peonies, buttercups. They collect the news. It’s the kind of nectar that journalists savors. And like good reporters who wish to inform their readers, it’s their responsibility to the community to honestly report newsworthy events.
Yes, butterflies are scrupulously honest. Devoted to telling who, what, when and where. Nectar is the truth about us. And the latest things that happen in Bristol. Who was born, died, got married, went to jail, got caught speeding. Who lied, told the truth, slept late, lost a job, got hired.
The light on their wings bears all the news in Bristol. That need for some fanciful touch to loosen us up. Breathe into our days some hope. A cheerfulness that makes the rounds.
The light that falls from the wings of butterflies illuminates our days. All orange and yellow. Blue to give us some harmony. Red looking to save us from worry. Yellow telling a story that lifts our spirits.
It’s that simple. We don’t need butterflies to tell us spring has arrived. We need them to give us the nectar we don’t have. Wisdom, cheerfulness, honesty. That nectar plum pull you up out of a hole in the ground.
The Bristol butterflies give us knowledge. Like an open book. Them pages flipped. We see in their colorful wings our lives. We know it’s a map of Bristol. Them wings taking off in all directions.
Butterflies tells us what the birds sing about. Them birds all full of light. Comes out sweet. You can’t comprehend a birdsong unless you are pure and innocent. Children hear birdsongs differently. What they hear is history, literature. A birdsong is a museum full of art.
Butterflies open their doors. Wings with door knobs. Locked and suddenly sprung open. Our eyes walk through. Some tomorrows wiggle like that. Perch on flowers, gather nectar that would make you believe in yourself. We got butterflies in Bristol that will tell you who you are. Who going to be, if you just help yourself to the nectar.

Bristol's Everywhere

Where does a town that lives in two places put its belongings? Clothes in the state of Virginia. Dishes in Tennessee. It’s got to go all the way across town to find its favorite dress. That necktie that somebody give it a hundred years ago. We can’t understand why people don’t appreciate our situation.
Bristol’s got closets all over the place. The curtains on the thousands of windows don’t always match. If Bristol puts on britches, buttons up its many shirts, slips into its shoes, do you think it’s too much to ask for Bristol to tone it down a little.
Too many hats, blouses, high heels. I seen Bristol with its five thousand bedroom slippers on going out to get the morning newspaper.
The eyes in Bristol get all busy when they notice a bird, rabbit, deer. We watch nature. We got eyes, thousands of peepers, taking in the soft light that falls on the Blue Ridge Mountains. And don’t you know we don’t care if anybody thinks we’re a bit odd.
Some of us wear eyeglasses. Some of us let our eyes stroll over Sullivan County. Hike up in Virginia. Get all fancy when we put on our airs. We a small southern town that can’t sit still. We everywhere. Which means we go places.
Not that every town in Virginia needs Bristol to drop by. We just know what we want, so we go everywhere. And sometimes part of Bristol gets left in a bus depot. A few raincoats, hats, maybe a magazine. We sort of forget we’re everywhere.
Most towns stay where they are. They content to live within their borders. That’s not Bristol. We’re different. Philanthropy is our way of contending with our dual personalities. Our thousands of feet stomp around. It’s not easy being a town that picks and leaves. We like to keep moving.
I know’d Bristol wanders up in Kentucky, looking for some tomatoes. Maybe a pair of shoes. A necklace made of pearls. A belt that will please the whole dang state of Virginia. Knock the eyes out of Richmond. Bristol being the envy of every person in southwest Virginia and beyond.
Bristol got some nerve putting its sons and daughters all over Sullivan County. You can’t go around east Tennessee without seeing them. Some are hidden up in the mountains. We been accused of putting things where nobody looks. Got families that live out there on Holston River. You don’t expect to find Bristol all over the place.
If Bristol was in two states, how did that happen? Riding on both sides of the streets is against the law. Even for states. Bristol has left part of itself in Virginia and Tennessee. It’s almost as though we was absent minded. I just hope people who live a town that puts its personal belongings in places that move around would make note of where they put things.
You catch Bristol on the Tennessee side playing a guitar and singing. While it’s on the Virginia side playing a fiddle. The two sides of town singing the same song. It’s hard to figure out Bristol. Because you never know where it is and what it’s doing.
Somedays Bristol has one side of town wash dishes. The other side of town dries. We share. We understand the fallacy of duality. It being something that come up and bite you. Of course, we know’d they is people who are jealous. Come around, looking to identify what is their’s and what is our’s. That old fishing rod that we left somewhere in Pulaski Virginia. It’s all right if somebody wants to acknowledge our need for closet space.
We plum run out. Which is why Bristol goes looking for someplace it can hang its hat. We ain’t got enough room. We need a few thousand miles to save our old love letters, photos of Grandparents, wedding photos that make the whole state of Virgina cry like a baby.
We don’t apologize for being claustrophobic. We just need a place to visit, leave behind a few hundred children. They driving us crazy. It’s perfectly natural if you’re a southern town that lives in both Tennessee and Virginia to want to move around. It’s not that we get bored with where we live. We just love to travel.

Country Ham Plays Petruchio

In an unprecedented event -- a country ham took the stage at Abingdon’s Barter Theater and played Petruchio. The audience was watching Shakespeare’s ‘The Taming of The Shrew.’ A critic from Bristol wrote, ‘that country ham sure could act.’ It held the audience in the palm of its hand.
The county ham took the stage at 8PM. Everyone was impressed by its elocution.  “I never seen anything like that country ham. It could act. Right up with Lawrence Olivier, John Gielgud and John Barrymore. “
“It’s the best portrayal of Petruchio that I have ever seen. Thoroughly enjoyable, it appears to follow the original Shakespeare in exactly how I imagine it was meant to be performed for Elizabethan audiences. The dialogue was masterfully spoken in a manner completely understandable to a modern audience. “
Who knew country ham could do Shakespeare? Ain’t that something. It plum gives cured meat another dimension. I’ve seen hams on state.  “Streetcar Named Desire, “  “The Glass Menagerie, “  “Long Days Journey Into Night, “ and  “The Doll House. “ But I never thought I’d see a country ham perform Petruchio at that level. It perfectly executed its lines. Them words come out real smooth.
Who knew a ham could be so lively and good-natured? Never seen a county ham with such presence on stage. Dynamic, giving its all. A gifted salt-cured meat. Knew its lines, hit its marks. A hickory aged actor. A little raw as country hams are not fully cooked, but preserved by the cure. A salt-and-pepper ham. A tad smoked. No wonder it got a standing ovation.
You usually seen them country hams sold in stores unrefrigerated as whole, bone-in hams packaged in rough cotton bags, usually vacuum-packaged. Shiny all over, giving that virtuoso performance. The audience stood up near end, giving that country ham a standing ovation.
You’d think they loved, nobody had the slightest idea to dine on that country ham. It was fine actor. Though a couple people took knifes and forks, waved in the air. Maybe they took a few bites. It’s not every Shakespearian play you can put between two slices of bread.

String Beans of East Tennessee

Anyone who tastes a string bean in east Tennessee knows the consequences. I don’t have to tell folks what happens. People in Bristol know. They know’d the string bean has got power. It is given to outlandish claims of repairing both the body and the mind.
I hope nobody gets upset that I am spilling the beans. I been holding this back for thirty years. Don’t go blaming me. I hope nobody get upset. I hope nobody hurt me. I ain’t going to back off. So just be looking the other way. It’s ready to leap out of me like some kind of sneeze. So cover up. I hope everybody forgive me.
I don’t nothing by it. The string bean got a miracle to give us. It was ornery, now if you don’t mind, it come to Sullivan County asking for us to accept its gift.
I never seen anything like the string bean. It plum ridiculous. Grab you and take you over the Blue Ridge Mountains. Stuff that blue sky down your throat. You walk around feeling like Davy Crocket. What you going to do? Kill a bear? Climb every tree in Sullivan County looking for what nobody knows. It’s all you got to do. The string bean is inside you.
You ain’t heard this. But if you have, don’t go on letting on what the string bean brings to Bristol. You don’t want nobody to see it coming. Because half of what the string bean got is full of surprise. The other half is what it wants us to know. What string beans give east Tennessee we ain’t going to tell nobody.
We wait for them to whirl around, jump up, turn plum happy. Bug eyed tourist come to Bristol just to eat a string bean. You don’t know what you’re missing. That string bean give to you. Thoughts gurgle up in your brain. Wisdom come trickling down. A mountain stream rushing in your veins.
You feel like singing a church hymn. You feel like dancing a jig. You so full of east Tennessee sunlight you can see where you going.
This here is an intellectual discussion of mountain folk philosophy. Take you by the hand and introduce you to the precious gift of the string bean.
Now if it come upon you that there’s something outlandish about the claim that the string bean is all powerful, all knowing -- just know’d that it ain’t my fault. You come to me and I told you what the string bean was good for. And don’t ask me what you going to do, if the string bean ask you for love.
You got no way to refuse. Cause string beans know what to do with folks who don’t cooperate. I stands before you and tell everything I know’d about the string bean. It will allow you to be happy. It don’t ask you for nothing.
Just bite down. Chew. Swallow. The string bean will do the rest. Now a lot of people want to know what the string bean is up to. I’ll tell you. The string bean wants us to obey everything that grows in east Tennessee.
What string beans tell us we got to do. What they say to us when we walk along a field where string beans murmuring our names. Asking us for a minute?
A lot people want to know. They want to know what string beans give us. That secret long ago come over the mountain. Live in Bristol. Hide inside us real deep. Don’t come out all that often. So I’ll tell you.
String beans give us our twang. All them rabbits and deer and squirrels. It give us Country Music. It plum dipped us in the Watauga Lake and Holston River. We just about drowned. Up to here with the goodness of Sullivan County. All because the string bean got inside us and wasn’t that the greatest thing ever occurred?
I come to you humbly. I know’d the green bean is something we got in Bristol. We don’t want our string beans to get out.  They don’t take to just anybody. They buddy up to us. They loyal. Got our backs. They don’t go around the country giving everybody a chance of a lifetime.
A bowl of string beans has got to be earned. You got to work for it. You got to sing country music. Love country music like your life depended on it. That’s the string bean law. How could it otherwise?
An east Tennessee string bean will always remember you. It’s sentimental. Cries at weddings, baby showers, anniversaries.
What string beans give Bristol is that thing that makes us who we are. You don’t us. You come down to Bristol. We let you have some string beans. You better not ever tell nobody about it. East Tennessee string beans got what the world needs. You feel like you in love. You plum happy. That string bean love come inside you. What you going to do?

Smiles Shaped Like Wheelbarrows

There are a variety of smiles in Bristol. All of them are shaped like farm tools. You may slip right in and enjoy the scents of corn, cabbage, lettuce. It’s comfortable to lie down in a smile with handlebars. You can take a nap.
The wheelbarrow smile ready to receive a bounty of earth. Just wait for it to empty, if it fills up you can always anticipate the tilt. Don’t want dirt falling on your shoes. The wheelbarrow smiles is pretty common in Bristol. It shines like a harvest moon. It will show where you can find happiness. Maybe it will tell you what a fine fellow you are. It sees things. The wheelbarrow smile has a keen eye for good weather. It’s got ears that can hear every word you say. The simple wheelbarrow pushed around Bristol. You see it coming you know it’s got something to say. Let it give you what it’s got.
The tractor smile comes along. Listen to its wisdom. You can hear it putter. The motor a lovely hum. Sometimes it whispers expectations of carrots, broccoli. You see it coming you know it means business.
The wagons, the mulch layers enjoy the company of friends. The smiles of irrigators are welcome all over Sullivan County. The harvesters come at you from every direction. Kindness is what they bear. The shovels and the hoes will delight you. The mowers will ask you to dinner. The balers sparkles in the sun.
The hydroponics can’t stop wishing you a good day. The rakes welcomes you into the fields. You may find them a state of contentment.
There are smiles that will pick string beans all day. The farmer’s smile is a tool, like pitchfork. It can lift a bale of hay. A smile can give you a basket of potatoes. There’s a row of spinach to be picked. Pick a few dozen leaves for your lunch.
Self Propelled Bean harvester are the best smiles in Bristol. You know them well. They probably never fished out at Watauga what they didn’t catch something. Smiles work hard. They dig in the earth. Smiles plant seeds for kale, cabbage, peas, lima beans.
When the smiles are not out in the field you may find them sitting pretty on the front porch. I’ve seen smiles that could make a possum feel good. Happiness is a useful seed. Farmers love to plant seeds.
The smiles sometimes resemble ponies. You can ride them around in a circle. There are smiles in which you can see chickens, pigs, goats, ducks. Don’t try and pet them. They bite. Stand you distance. Get too close you lose a nose.
Farmers smiles at just about anything. They got lips that can sweeten up a pig. Chickens don’t smile much. The farmer knows what makes them chickens lay eggs. It’s Tennessee Ernie Ford sing one of his hymns.
He had a smile that went around Bristol, come to your house and sit down in your living room. You just know that Ol Ern smile could plow a field, plant corn, and sing a hit song all at once.

Tales of Jack Trayer

Jack Trayer's fame came to Bristol before many of us were born. I cannot recall the first time I heard the name. It seemed always to be well known. How triumphant an event to dine there. Such a pleasure to be richly celebrated. What good fortune to those who discovered it for the first time. As though stumbling upon some lavish reward for living in Bristol. What happiness awaited us. An abundance of good fortune must've occurred to those of us who flocked to his restaurant.
His cheeseburger had a fine reputation. It had no rival. Its fame was substantial. His desserts caught on. How delectible, tempting the reward in store for us. We felt celebrated by pie and cake that welcomed us. We were conquering heroes who visited Jack Trayer's restaurant. You went there to find what was at the end of the rainbow.
The restaurants in Bristol became famous. They gave us more than we deserved. Sparkling clean, anticipating us. The place seemed to know of us. It understood us, as though it had always been there.
We had no formal introduction. Friends mentioned Jack Trayer. He seemed to get around Bristol. His popularity right up there with Davy Crocket. Jack won his fame outright by cooking the most delightful food. The aroma went around Bristol knocking on doors.
We were drawn to his restaurant. Sometimes we hypnotized by Jack's persuasive invitation. We heard Jack calling to us. His voice seemed to fall like a spring rain all over Bristol. It occurred to us we'd never seen anything like it. The scent pulled us from our houses. His restaurant hummed with the excitement of a banquet. We thought for certain we'd see Caesar, Cleopatra, Marc Antony. The food cracked a whip. We heard a lion roar from the kitchen.
The forks and spoons and knive called our names. Napkins leaped off the table into our laps. If you spoke to a waitress you immediately got a lump in your throat. The banquet would arrive soon. The roman empire had come to Bristol.
Jack Trayer's cheeseburger was cheerful, know'd what to say to you to get you to like it. We loved it because it understood us. Told us things we'd never heard before. Like you're real pretty, charming. Would you mind if I kissed you on the lips.
We obliged. We weren't too sure if should tell it we'd eaten other places. Jack Trayer has a way about him. His food was so delicious we couldn't resist. I think what we liked best about it was its calm demeanor. It didn't boast too much. It clicked his heels and presented itself on the plate. A scrumptious friend with french fries. The bun warmly greeted us.
Inside mayonnaise spoke kindly of us. A tomato sliced as though it had evert intention of pleasing us no end. Lettuce delighted our tastebuds. Mustard held out its hand. We understood what that burger wanted. It needed to be eaten, savored for its fine flavor. An abundance of joy that rang in our mouths like church bells.
It seemed anything you ordered at Jack Trayer's restaurant was made just for you. It knew you. Understood what you wanted from food. Pickers spoke a language that we understood. A ham and cheese sandwich could give us a sweet look. You under could quite believe how good food tasted. Until you sat down in a booth in Jack Trayer's restaurant.
The aromas came up to you and asked you for a date. Fish fried in deep oil pointed its finger at us. We understood. We nodded in agreement. We took fried chicken more seriously than philosophy, algebra, history, literature. It was fried chicken at Jack Trayer's restaurant that showed us how much we needed to know.
The marvelous entrees were famous in Bristol. Every spoke about them, as though they were celebrities. The cheese cake, the apple pie, the chocolate brownies smothered in whipped cream dropped by our table. We obeyed them as though they were our idols. Hollywood stars who came to Bristol just to please our taste buds.
A chocolate sundae was a special treat. It arrived just in time to save us. We asked of the cherry on top to absolve us of our shortcomings. Relinquish our strength. Make us noble. We understood the meaning of fine food. Jack Trayer taught us to be grateful for this was our reward for living in Bristol.
Ah yes. Jack Trayers and also Trayers Too was where we all hung out on Fridays and Saturday nights. You could sit in your car, eat your burger and have fun with friends.  Ah Jack Trayers a blast from the past.

Measurements

A country mile is exactly 1.4 miles. As the crow flies comes in at 1.2 miles. The leeway can be attributed to wind velocity. If the distance between two places is measured as the crow flies, it is measured as a straight line between the two places ‘How far is it from Bristol to Morristown? About 50 miles as the crow flies. Kay Towell’s farm is only five miles from town as the crow flies, but the winding roads mean she have to drive nearly eight miles to get there. And that’s when the crow is feeling good, like it had fallen in love or found itself buoyed by the sight of the yellow sun coming over the mountain.
Rabbits hopping across a meadow tend to exaggerate the amount of territory covered. So don’t expect them to reveal the exact distance crossed. You can’t depend on rabbits to know where they’re going or why. Rabbits have a terrible sense of direction.
While possums tend to underestimate the distance they travel, owing to their modesty. Not wanting to appear possessed of speed. That encumbrance good for their reputation, though mostly not becoming the possum’s reputation. One of having no desire to out race any creature in east Tennessee. It’s just not in their blood to brag.
As far as the hound dog chasing the coon, it’s never quite clear how much territory is crossed. The hound dog can’t count worth a dang. And if it could measure how far it went there would be little credibility. Since the hound dog seldom consults any map. It’s mostly an inner sense that it has gone a mile, panting at the half way point. Maybe getting a drink of water after two miles.
Faster than greased lightning is a split second. A bolt of lightning has the swiftness of sunlight coming over the Blue Ridge Mountains. Looking for a corn field that needs some good fortune.
Slow as molasses. The last time someone clocked molasses it took it years to roam around Sullivan County. The garden snail slow to cross the sidewalk. Careful to look both ways before crossing. You’d think it didn’t want to get anywhere. Birds know of the snail’s sluggish pace. Eager to snatch it up. The tardiness of garden snails attributed to their lack of interest in time. Haste makes waste. The garden snail knowing a life of rushing around is not conducive to enjoying its surrounds.
Knee-high to a grasshopper is approximately seven millimeters. You don’t to know what the grasshopper expects out of life. It would like to be three feet tall. Broad shouldered, muscular, roman chin. However, the odds are it will never get there.
A cup is perhaps the most single identify measurement in southern lifestyle. Tablespoons have no firm commitment to holding their own. The teaspoon while interested in keeping things to their correct amounts often belie their content, preferring to contribute what is needed.
The ounce can be trusted to fulfill its obligation. It has a fine reputation. Honesty is important to the ounce. Incapable of telling a lie. Carefully given to its content. Believing that an ounce should be kind.
The pint has no regard for precise fulfillment of expectations. It may liberally go over its limit. How can the pint get more, if it’s limits are stretched. You want more out of an pint you need to encourage it. Praise the pint. Give it a pat on the back. Pints have no idea they can be more than what they are. Unless you lift their spirits. Tell them they’re good looking,
The quart tries its best to neatly occupy the bottle’s limit. What more could want from a quart? It’s happy being itself. It’s what the doctor ordered. Doing the best it can with what it has.
The half gallon wishful of exceeding expectations seldom overreaches. It enjoys church picnics, outdoor barbecues. If you ask a half gallon for more, it will smile and do its best to squeeze a few ounces out of thin air.
While the gallon believes in its gift of abundance, bearing its goodness with no malice for the overspill. The verdict on the gallon is that it can serve you well. No need to beg for more. The blessings flow from the gallon. What we ask of the gallon is that it surprise us with its unlimited supply.
Measurements are not all dependent on specifics. You got to consider the willpower and imagination of liquid, of animals who hop or fly. The predictions are not always strictly based on historical documents.
How fast or how far can we expect each entry in the race to fair? It’s not a competition. We enjoy their efforts, even if they don’t break their records. What we admire most is their tenacity. A willful compulsion to comply with modest expectations. Just don’t arrive so late boredom sets in.
We may have to wait until the love of our life comes to call. We wait until the cows come home for a vacation.
If your doctor declares you fit as a fiddle, that may delight you. You’re healthy. Quite well. If you’re working hard. Busy as a bee. The likelihood is that you will succeed. The bee being the measure of every successful person. However, domineering the bee can be. One wishes for all human life to measure itself against the indomitable bee.
Don’t get too big for your britches. You stomach will protrude. Such measure of ego has unreliable consequences. Though it may have little to do with height, weight, or the size of your trousers. Rather, one may find it portrays your ego. Once let out it roams the countryside.
From here to yonder. How far is that? Is it between a rock and a hard place. Is it further than here to there? Confusion results. Here is here and yonder is far off. Those of us who search from here to yonder go the extra mile. We could get lost. As yonder is committed to long distance. It goes too far. It circles around mountains. It climbs over the tops of hills. Yonder has no discipline. Please accept yonder’s apology.

Southern Algebra

X chews tobacco. Drinks moonshine. Works on a farm. Slops the hogs. Milks them cows. Feeds the chickens. Goes around Sullivan County barefoot. In the evening, X gathers the eggs. Its many chores include milking the goats each night, fixing any problems with the goat and chicken pens. Keeps an eye out for chicken predators and feeding and watering the ducks and the dogs. X mows the front lawn twice a month. You know X is one hard working country boy.
If you see X driving a truck, it’s headed toward Bristol. Loves to visit Y and Z, two good old boys X went to high school with. Algebra was its favorite subject, other than gym class. Enjoyed the glee club, participating in wrestling.
X plays the guitar, fiddle. banjo and mandolin. It slings like Conway Twitty. You sometimes hear it yodel. The pigs love X for its rich vibrato. It’s good looking, got a mustache and don’t ever get tired. It’s appetite is large. Once it ate four chickens, two plates of buttermilk biscuits, sausage, gravy at a church picnic.
When X smiles it can charm the fur off a grizzly bear. X carries a fishing rod with it when goes out to Holston River. Bluegill, base, perch, crappy, trout is what X likes to catch.
Once when it was growing in east Tennessee it got arrested for ringing a church bell. Climbed them stairs and swung on that rope. Sheriff thow’d it in jail. Told its mother. Nobody come to save X from a rotten childhood.
So when you see it in your algebra book you should feel real sad. Knowing X had a rough time growing up. No daddy to keep it straight. Whoop X when it was doing wrong. Like stealing apples. Picking cherries from somebody’s yard. Talking mean, bullying numbers, pushing them around. Calling them cowards, belting them, telling them they don’t count.
Y has a wild streak. Manic and just plum bipolar. Don’t feel sorry for Y. It’s really a smart guy. Y’s in love with numbers. It can tell you what they’re doing. What numbers mean. How numbers are the only that counts.
Y own a pony, two collies, loves to play the mandolin. It lives in a quiet neighborhood. There are no swings in the backyard. The lawn sprinkler spins around in a counterclockwise direction. The birds sing the answers to pop quizzes.
The numbers all numb from standing on their heads. Blood rushes through their head. Which can cause some confusion. Often the answers that Y finds are incorrect. When you add them you come out short. When you multiply them you increase their numbers exponentially. Which is to say they give birth. One number can bear up to seven hundred children. All hungry and waking up at all hours of the morning.
X, Y and Z are kissing cousins. They got problems. They don’t sleep so well. They get perturbed if you ask them a question. What is X doing on Saturday night? What is Y wearing that necktie? When will Z grow up?
Confusion among the three leads to unexpected results. Z is good with a screwdriver. Y loves to read Anthony Trollope. X is getting a divorce. It marries its high school sweetheart. Now they live apart.
The trusted friends X, Y and Z don’t always see eye to eye. They argue. Shout. Tell each other off. Often they fuss and fight over what they mean to each other. X is uncertain about its value. Y can’t tie its shoes. Z wear eyeglasses, near sighted. All are often depressed. We don’t what happened. Something about growing up in a broken home.
The cost to mathematicians a whooping lot of time. X, Y, Z create a disturbance. They get nervous when asked to solve a problem. The numbers close their eyes. If you push them they will tell you anything.
Y practices yoga. Z does medication. For exercise, X is rolling down a hill, then up the hill. Where do they get all that energy? Southern algebra needs to learn how to take it easy. Numbers love X more Y. Z is tall, handsome, attracts a crowd. Do you think it cares about getting the answer right?
Chances are Z will return from its vacation in Knoxville. Just in time for the SAT test. They teach us what numbers are worth. The value of unknown entities. It’s a terrible burden, yet they accept the challenge. It’s their chose career. Each is destined to serve humanity.
All are strangers until we discover them doing things that defy the odds. Yet when we discover their function we feel so much better. They’re really the best friends a guy could have. Knowing what they’re worth is gives us pleasure.
And that’s what southern algebra wants for us. A chance to show us what’s missing.

Southern Knowledge

There’s nothing like southern knowledge. It can milk a cow. Feed the chickens. Slop the hogs. Plow the earth. Groom the horses and mules. Plant seeds that will grow into just about anything you want to know. Just dig and hole and stick them deep in the earth.
Southern knowledge comes with living in east Tennessee. It knows how to hunt and fish. Plant corn in the field. It’s got dirt beneath its feet. Loves the land. Watches for the sun to set. That cool breeze coming across Sullivan County is full of knowledge.
Of course, we don’t mind if knowledge takes to us. But we wish it wouldn’t ask so many questions.? It’s lifting up every stone and taking a peek. It can see through walls. You know knowledge has got eyes in the back of its head. You ask it a question and out comes the answer wearing medals on its chest. A red rose in its lapel. Smiling like Tennessee Ernie Ford.
It’s a prize pig. The blue ribbon dangling from the yellow sun. It’s a buzz from a beehive. You run into it you know it’s going to bend your ear. But knowledge has got a charm about it. Nothing that knowledge knows is dull.
What knowledge don’t know ain’t worth a plug nickel. It’s got a big mouth, loves to talk about science, mathematics, who discovered electricity, who wrote what book and what it meant. What’s in a plate of grits? Who called cornbread a muffin? And is a pork chop the answer to everything?
Why don’t we listen to knowledge? What we afraid of? Do we think knowledge is dangerous? A book full of knowledge wouldn’t hurt nobody. Just grab what we don’t know and throw is into Watauga Lake.
We might learn something from knowledge. We don’t like it when it talks behind our back. We’d rather sit down with it over a plate of string beans, sweet tea, some cornbread, maybe a rabbit stew.
It’s always talking in our ear. You’d think by this time we’d smart. Know everything knowledge knows. Listening to knowledge go on and on about the latest scientific discoveries. We understand it has strange habits. Always giving us a rough time. Don’t allow no rumors in its house. No cracked windows in that old house. Lots of old dishes in the cupboard. A dog barking, jumping up in your lap soon as you walk into the house.
You’d think it had better things to do than stick its nose into our business. Why is knowledge always prying around? What doesn’t it know? Southern knowledge wearing that straw hat, chewing tobacco. Spitting on every falsehood.
Just a country boy who wanted to know everything under the sun. Barefoor, ready to go out and gig some frogs. Catch crawdads with its straw hat. Don’t drink no moonshine. Knowledge prefers cornbread and butter. Gravy that will subside its fear of ignorance. So knowledge can go to the barn dance. The jig to the guitars and fiddles that tell it everything it needs to know.
Knowledge has privileged information. More truths in knowledge than it wants to tell us. It’s willing to spread what it uncovers. It’s got pictures, diagrams, annual reports and more words than you can shake a stick at. Thing is knowledge is important. You see it and you know why people admire it. Knowledge is famous, got a home in east Tennessee. All over Sullivan County. It goes to school, hangs out in the public library. Sometimes people take with them with they go fishing. Play golf, throw horseshoes.
Knowledge goes to church. Loves to sing hymns, listen to the minister recite them beatitudes. Enjoys southern cooking. Biscuits, gravy, grits, yams, pork chops.
It recites the Pledge of Allegiance. Sings the Star Spangled Banner at every baseball game, football game. You can’t expect knowledge to do everything. Plays the harmonica. Will shine your shoes on Sunday. Tell your wife she looks purdy. Get her to smile so big you think the moon come up. Look down on Sullivan County. Kiss everybody on the mouth like a spoonful of grits.
It don’t play billiards, gin rummy, checkers. It don’t know nothing about cribbage, chess, bridge. It don’t sew or crochet. It’s mostly this vast collection of research, acts, information, education. Every right guess ever made. Not a single drop of mustard on its shirt. Got more arms to hold onto them truths. Them dancing theories of physics that ate too much fried chicken at the church picnic.,
A thirst for knowledge can get you arrested. You don’t want to drive drunk. Its deep understanding is like a lasso that will grab the most confounded subjects, pull it close, so you can tie a rope around the feet.
Knowledge comes from all them before us. Southern knowledge is comprehension. What we grasp, command, master. It’s pigs that do what we tell them to do. If you know knowledge the chickens will follow you. The proficiency of our learning helps us slop the hots, build a campfire and fry them fish we caught at Holston River.
Knowledge is history. The War Betwixt The States all called out and wrote down. It could fill up the whole sky blue and shiny with the knowledge of history. It’s awareness, consciousness of what we know’d so far. That cognizance that makes country people so dang smart.
Of course, some knowledge sneaks around. Don’t peek into windows. Or creep up the stairs. It slides under the door, if you don’t know. It’s going to stare you in the face, until you get to know it.
Sometimes knowledge gets away with looking sheepish. We don’t always admire it. Southern knowledge is sitting down to church supper. Just remember the spoon of knowledge that goes discriminating between what is true and what is false will give you hope. The truest things knowledge wants to keep. It throws away the falsehoods. They don’t count, anyway.
Knowledge has room to grow. We just got to plant it all over Sullivan County. If it don’t bloom, we could be facing a famine. No potatoes, no corn or cabbage. Stuff we need to learn things. Education is a crop we want to see. All them carrots and beans know more than anybody.

Cows Know Things

Growing up in Bristol you feel like you know farm animals. And they know things about us. No farm animal know more about folks in Bristol than cows. They see us. They swish their tails. Moo. That good morning moo has something on the ball. It can give you a howdy doo. One of them pleasant, cheerful salutations. Once you hear the moo you know you’re somebody.
The moo has a way about it. Don’t beat around the bush. Comes right up to you and wants to tell you how good it is to see you again. The moo is ten feet tall. It loves to spend time with Bristolians. The moo has big ears. It listens to birds, rabbits, squirrels.
The moo loves east Tennessee. Goes around Sullivan County telling everybody that life is grand. The moo’s got a easy way of living. Knows to relax. Let’s everybody know how beautiful the day is. That blue sky up there. The yellow sun shopping for a new hat. The moo slips inside you and makes you feel giddy.
Every day I see cows along the roadside. They just grazing. I know them. I’m sure they think about me during the day. Cows are thoughtful. They ain’t nothing they wouldn’t do for us. Cows got a thing for people. Maybe they don’t know our names or what we do for a living. But cows know us like they were close acquaintances. Not related, just next-door neighbors.
Just how cows know things I’m not sure. Don’t read much, they don’t listen to the radio or watch TV. Don’t always get around to catching our words. We don’t talk them much anymore. I know we used to talk to cows a lot. There was a time in Bristol when you didn’t through a day with talking to a cow.
We don’t seem to have much to say to cows these days. We don’t share those charming stories that we know. A sister who got married when she was twenty to a boy who rode his bicycle up Windsor Avenue. He had no way of knowing she loved him. Mostly because she liked the cows on his farm.
The links that cows provide are many. They picks us out of a crowd. If we like chickens and pigs the cows give us their friendship. It’s hard, near impossible, to drink a glass of milk without thinking of cows. It comes over us. We hear them moo at the breakfast table. The moos come out of the scramble eggs and biscuits. A glass of orange juice will moo at you in a heartbeat.
Cheese moos when we open the refrigerator. Cheddar got four legs and tail. Swiss stick its head out of the package and whistle. Gouda come along for the ride. Don’t you just love it when sour cream come up to you and ask your an autograph. Cheese thinks we’re movie stars. Real famous, like Rudolph Valentino or Cary Grant, Marilyn Monroe.
Ice cream kisses you like it wanted to impress you. Take your hand and walk off into the sunset. You ever heard anybody who doesn’t believe that ice cream can do anything. It’s got the kind of charm, sweep us off our feet. You can’t argue with ice cream. It’s full of love. And what more could want from it?
The cows know perfectly well what they do for us. What they mean to us is near impossible to express. Butter has got us by the tail. You better know we do what butter wants us to do. We’re working hard for butter.

Elephant Walk

I was told the story when I was a child. It came on the heels of early learning, wishing that I could read for myself. Up to that point I’d been read stories by my parents. I listened and was entertained usually at bedtime when the stories come unraveling from that spool of thread.
My parents would lean down to me and speak aloud the words. The words told them what to say. I figured that out only later. Initially I thought gazing into a book of children’s stories was sort of a wishing well. The words came off the page and traveled up to them. It was a delightful thing to witness.
Their lips dispersed the words. An audible pronouncement that I believed came from the book that had cast spell over them. Sometimes I noticed them sitting quietly at the breakfast table. They shared the morning newspaper. The difference being that didn’t speak the words. The words were silent.
Somehow gazing down upon the newspaper the words intimated to them messages about stories and events that were happening in Bristol. The words buzzed and hummed, I imagined. The newspaper full of words that flitted around. And once my parents caught sight of the words they gave off a light, like a lantern on a distant ship.
The whole business of reading silently was an amazing feat. I had no idea how people could accomplish it. My parents were gifted in this regard. They had discovered a way to ascertain words in the quiet. No eruption of sound was necessary to understand what they were relaying. The words simply spoke without so much as a whisper.
I inquired into the process of reading. My father told me the method he used, explaining to me how he read silently. He revealed his technique. I assumed he arrived at it by adults do to learn from words. Those things that live in newspapers and books and magazines. How did words survive? What did they eat? Did you have to take care of them like parakeets and hamsters?
Words seemed to be happy to live in books. They didn’t get out much. They traveled only when asked what they were about. What good were words in books that you didn’t know. Some words were large, full of strange faces. They didn’t smile or frown when I gazed upon them. They were all poker faced.
My father observed that I was fascinated by the whole process of reading. He explained that procedure in which words came forth, divulging their hidden gifts. He described the words elephants holding one another’s tail, you know like they do in the circus, cause sometimes they get lonesome. Or could have to do with they don’t want to let go, on account they might lose their way. Them coming to Bristol, a town that they never seed before.
He further mentioned the words were full of letters. The letters lived in the words. It was their habitat. A natural place where words go and relax. Have a bite to eat.
He told me there was these letters that went to Bristol. They strolled along State Street. One behind the other. Like
What letters did once they got lined up is their own business. I wasn’t nosey when it comes to letters.  “They can stroll down State Street, “ my father said.  “They looking into the shops if they want to. I don’t blame them none for wanting to come here.
The letters moved from right to left, he said. And added, I want you to know them letters stopped. Let go. They was space between them. And the others that was going ahead. Like maybe there was a rain puddle on the sidewalk they had to leap over. And so the ones that was behind followed. Not knowing where and what the other letters was doing.
Then all of a sudden them letters come upon a little hole in the sidewalk. And they all tumbled down in there. And then another bunch of letters come out. Feeling like they was missing something. And what do you think they done? They did what them letters did before. They took hold of the one in front of them and kept on going.
I didn’t think of it at the time, but what do you suppose them letters did once they dropped down into them holes? Was they looking for something they lost? Or did they know down there they was something important? Did they shine a flashlight or strike a match? Something pop up and frighten them out of their wits?
You know letters are pretty well behaved. They can be curious. So I’m betting them letters know’d something. Got to looking around deep in that hole and grabbed hold of a crawdad or toad. The way I see it is that letters don’t do nothing without a reason.
What then come to me sudden like was them letters was trying to tell me something. I was certain what. I just knew they was itching to get something out. Wasn’t too much a hurry to say whatever it was on their minds. The letters throw’d up their hands. And just about give up.
I heard them say something something. The letters plum anxious, little perturbed that I didn’t know. Could tell what they was talking about. I think it had to do with what letters was missing. They went looking all over Bristol to find them. Guess a few letters had run away from home.
In my head around about that time, I heard sounds like thumping a drum, a squeaky door. Letters all gathered around them holes. Leaped down in there. I was afraid they’d get hurt, stumbling around in the dark. But funny thing is they come up again. Letters holding on and meaning to get somewhere.
Where they was going was anybody’s guess. I think when letters get out of the house they just go crazy. Let on like they was happy, just walking along State Street, feeling that cool breeze on their faces.
What I got from it was they wanted for the life of them to be noticed. Show their face in town, hold on to each other. Knowing somebody would notice them. Take the time to watch what they was doing. And where they was going.
They all headed different places. Some went to the public library. Or school. A few walked all the way to Watauga Lake. You never seen so many letters marching up State Street. You would’ve thunk there was band festival in Bristol.
What I learnt was letters mean a lot. You see them. You know they coming. When letters keep at it. Bristling like little bits of the truth strutting toward something they got to get to. Could it be they had every right to confuse everybody.
The whole process of reading was a miracle. You open up a book and there you see them. Strolling along. Most of them don’t even know you’re watching. They all serious, believing if they get their pictures took somebody will remember them.

The Biscuit War

They found Bristolians in Kingsport. They found Bristolians in Johnson City. Morristown, Greeneville, Bluff City, Blountville, Erwin, Pulaski, Richmond, Blacksburg. Some places so small you could put them in your lapel and wear them like a flower. Some places no bigger than your thumb, maybe a slice of apple pie. A chicken gizzard.
We don’t know what they were doing there. We suspect they was visiting buttermilk biscuits. Wanting to know what them out of town biscuits were up to. Was they better than ours? Bristol biscuits don’t mind anybody trying other biscuits. But don’t ever think Bristol biscuits taste inferior to them other guys.
Bristol biscuits laughed it off. Who gonna tell them biscuits they just don’t stand a chance? They need to understand that Bristol biscuits are fluffy, scrumptious morsels of Paradis. We got this recipe from a book of witch’s spells. There it was. Them biscuits. Come from that recipe. No, we left out the spiders and the toads. We just use baking powder, butter, lots of milk, some shortening, not enough to choke the life out the dough.
That dough fluffing up like a pillow the morning sun going to take nap. Everybody in Bristol knows the scent of our biscuits is what grows our crops. Cabbages, corn, carrots, beets, asparagus, spinach, beans. All them just wake up when that scent jumps around Sullivan County.
The things Bristolians do for biscuits are amazing. If we don’t eat a biscuit every day we just get plum sad. Face falls and lies on the floor like an old young dog. Snoozes and can’t wake it up for nothing. Our eyes just droopy things that can’t catch enough light. That expression our face when they ain’t no biscuits around would kill a grizzly bear.
The contentiousness of biscuits is something to behold. Them out of town biscuits with their hands on their hips, pretending their surprise everybody driving over to Bristol for a bag of biscuits. We got biscuits in Bristol that can give you a pat on the back. Remind you of what you need to do in life to be happy.
Bristol biscuits asking you for a favor. Can you bite a biscuit and honestly not feel the exuberance of your youth, that moment when you fell in love. Sunk down in your heart, looking over the rim at life’s miraculous events.
Bristol biscuits hold us together. Without them biscuits what would we be. It’s them biscuits that give us our wisdom. We’d never discovered country music without biscuits. They climbed up the Blue Mountains shouted,  “We’re golden brown and ready to eat! Help yourself! “
A Bristol biscuit obeys the ravenous appetite of county folks. It knows what a biscuit can do for a body. Which is everything under the sun. A Bristol biscuit is what the world needs. We just hope we got enough to go around.
Sweet Tea

Bristolians drink sweet tea. It’s the law. You got to sip a glass at every meal. Because if you don’t sweet tea will tell on you. It knows everything about you. It listens. Watches your every movie. Don’t try and pull something on sweet tea. It will write a letter about your shortcomings. Like how you broke that sweet law. You know the one where you got to slim down. Stop eating so many slices of pie and cake. Be reasonable about your waistline. Don’t let it kick up its heels and run away.
Sweet tea believes in us. Wants us to be happy. It’s got them pretty lips that we love to kiss. That look in its eye gives us a real good feeling inside. Sweet tea sits at the table looking real fine. You can’t believe sweet tea is so smart. It can add, substract, multiply and divide. In arithmatic it excels. Was the head of its class.
Sweet tea wishes for everybody in Bristol the best. It knows what makes you proud. Like they time Billy Jackson went fishing at Watauga Lake and caught a plate of biscuits. Or Lucy Bays shot a bear in her living room. It was trying to take the TV. Or Brenda Sue Haley’s hearing church bells clanging in oven. Who knew church bells were kitchen timers?
Sweet’s got what we need in Bristol. It can’t see too well. Can’t hear a dang thing. If you talk to sweet tea it will nod its head. Say uh-huh, whisper our names. It will read you a book at bedtime. Sweet tea is a country girl at heart. It will never turn its back on you. Sweet tea is true to the end.
Laws that come from sweet tea keep us sane. Clear minded. We know if we follow that law where you gotta drink sweet tea at every meal, we’ll be happier. Our children will grow up strong. All we need to keep going is sweet tea. It’s our responsibility to sweet tea to acknowledge it’s superiority. Got muscle, motivation, determined to save everybody in Bristol from a life of coffee.
The two don’t get along. Sweet tea kicked coffee down the stairs some years ago. They don’t even like to live in the same house. Coffee wants privileges to stick around the house. Sweet tea is in the backyard planning to break coffee’s neck. Beat it with a spoon. Sweet tea’s got them big muscles. Don’t enjoy twisting coffee’s neck. When coffee broke its leg last year sweet tea visited it in the hospital. Brought some biscuits and gravy.
Personally, sweet tea in magnimous. Gives me a feeling of tenderness. It slip out the glass and bellow inside me, saying what a wonderful person you are. If you need something sweet tea will fetch it.
Bristoliangs got a thing for sweet tea. We impressed no end. Big pitcher sitting on the dinning room table. I asked it for a drink. I been sipping it since I was five years old. Sweet tea in Bristol has never said much. Maybe it cleared its throat and sang ‘Gimme That Old Time Religion.’ I never heard it shout or yammer. It was always well-mannered. On the other hand, some people say sweet talks all the time. Gabby as a barber. Tell you anything you want to hear. Pick out the minutes the day that sweet tea will come over to you. Tell you how nice it’s been knowing you. Can’t you understand that sweet tea is a spirit. A transparent do gooder. It loves to do favors. Save you from getting kidnapped by some coffee. Mean old bum. Coffee. You got to take coffee out of town and leave it there.
Pleasures of drinking sweet tea are great. The liquid is a gracious host for everything we love. Take your hand. Sweet tea give you a hug. Write a thank you letter for being so kind. Devoted fan of sweet tea. A tall drink of cold ice tea with hands that reached out to you. Gave you a taste of east Tennessee. All flavor and no funny business.
The future looks bright for sweet tea. Now that coffee went crazy, had a case of the hiccups, almost died of humiliation. Knowing that sweet tea grow’d ten feet tall. Got it’s picture in the paper for catching that big mouth bass out at Holston River.
We know’d sweet tea was smart. We just didn’t know it was jealous. Makes sweet tea happy to see coffee is such a sad state. Don’t come to the dinner table when sweet tea is the honored guest. Coffee wearing eye glasses cause it can’t see. That hearing aide coffee wears don’t catch all the country songs.
Coffee dance slow. Sweet tea going to the picture show. Living it up in Bristol. Coffee’s got an inferiority complex. It’s self esteem low as a garden snail’s. If coffee could give sweet tea the respect it deserves, sweet tea might forgive coffee for all it done.
As it stands, coffee is being held for disturbing the peace. Setting fire to a box of tea bags. You know that ain’t nice. If coffee gets the chair, sweet tea wants to pull the plug. Ask sweet tea what makes life worth living. It’ll tell you seeing that miserable coffee suffering.
Lying in bed, eyes closed, barely breathing. And don’t that make you feel sad? Coffee is persona non grata when sweet tea comes around. You don’t know that coffee and sweet tea don’t get along, until you see them together.
One glaring at the other. Saying the nastiest things. Getting hot on the collar. Sweet tea stamping its foot. Coffee rubbing its eyes, cause it don’t believe sweet tea is the favorite drink in Bristol. How’d that happen?
Somebody made a mistake. There should be equality for drinks. What is it that sweet tea wants more than anything? It wants coffee to jump off a bridge out on Watauga Lake. Maybe sweet tea dive in and save it. Maybe not.
When you know sweet tea, living with it from childhood, you got to give it to them. It’s what takes care of us when we need some joy. Sweet tea is a church hymn, a Tennessee Ernie Ford, Johnny Cash, Hank Williams song. Just pour it in a glass and drink it down.

Country Days

If you call to them they’ll come to you. They don’t expect you to give them nothing. They’d rather just hang around. Let you ask them questions. Like where you been? And the old standby -- do you remember me?
Cause days forget a lot. They full of old memories. Some got a notion they know your name. Them old days will promise you the moon. And give you a faint impression of yourself.
Much thinner than you are. Smiling like you won something. Maybe you just had a slice of your grandmother’s pie. Or got a C in arithmeticatic. All them numbers jumping beans in a jar that you couldn’t comprehend. Forgot to carry a four, it was heavy as a horse. What do numbers want anyway?
Everything the past say is a riddle. You hear speak out of photos. Maybe a high school annual. The past always got on britches and its barefoot. Freckled, wearing a straw hat.
When it talks it don’t say much. Just shuffles its feet. Hands behind its back. And you know you ain’t aware of who you are today. The past looks at you like a stranger. Like somebody you know’d. Bumped into a thousand years ago.
It ain’t never going to tell you nothing. It can show you pictures till the well runs dry. You get the impression the past is just pulling your leg. Making a long story short. Pretended he know’d you and maybe juggling the dates.
When you was born the past was there. Standing over your bed. It heard you yammer. That baby cry that rung our all over Bristol. The clocks ticking in your ear like a cat purring on the front porch.
Your bones full of light that come down and whisper to you some love story. About how the world going to love come rain or shine. The blue sky shouldering the blame for everything you done wrong.
The perfection of a child growing up in Bristol not quite three and a half feet tall. Whistling, riding a bicycle up Windsor Avenue. Do you know most childhoods are just full of ice cream and cake. And when they run out them childhood days come around years later, knocking on your door.
Can you come out and play? Them childhood days got skinny legs. They don’t climb trees no more. They just sit around in your front yard. Looking strange, never doing much. Expecting you to come out and talk.
Childhood days have the look of innocence. What it says ain’t half of what it does when it comes back, creepy like a toad been turned into a young boy. The mouth of childhood is always full of bubble gum.
It can’t do no harm. Though you should be warned. It’s back to tell you what it forgot to say.
The truth is childhood is a little deaf and a lot dumb. You take it by its hand, invite it in. You have dinner with it. You want it to know you ain’t old. But the truth is time flies. It jumped out of a clear blue sky.
And now at the age of seventy you’re plum tuckered out. Though you gain from your friendship, you reacquaintance with your childhood some self worth.
And the two of you gab it up. Can’t separate you. Go everywhere together. Delightful, funny. When childhood speaks its words have a flavor of candy bars, peanut butter and jam sandwiches. You have this distant impression you know what childhood is going to tell you.
It’s holding a plate full of grits,bacon, sausage. Them childhood days are pleasures and each one big as a mountain. The sun shining down on everything. Blue Ridge Mountains twisting your arm. Bragging out you. All the things you done. Did you really climb a tree a hundred feet tall? Or was that you just telling childhood it had a lot to learn?
Childhood is sitting in the dark of a movie theatre, eating popcorn and sucking a straw. There was the Cameo, the Shelby, Paramount Movie Theaters. Lee Theater could sit in your lap. Purr like a cat. You took it home. Remember. It loved you for all your worth. And you ain’t never going to forget Bristol. No matter how far you are way.
Time got its thumb on the scale. Your hair left Bristol and your bones creaks something awful. But when you of Bristol you all young again. Freckles all over you face. Cowlick standing up to face the world.
Days got to show you who you was. When I was child I knew Wednesday, Thursday, Friday had to have their say. Saturday got down on its knees and begged for a piece of taffy.
Them days were all excited about children. Sundays with their flowers. Shiny shoes, picnic lunches. They followed me around Bristol. There were days that chased children around a field. We flew kits. We picked blackberries. Them apples out at Watauga Lake give us the power to be whatever we wanted to be. Them days with a salty flavor. Biscuits, gravy spread on every minute on the day.
Childhood comes out to play. Comes and wants them theaters with their movies, popcorn and candy. Johnny Weissmuller. Remember when he come to Bristol, Bella Lugosi, seen him walking along State Street. Turned into a bat around the corner. Just slipped inside the wind and come out this winged rodent. Pretty near frightened everybody that seen it.
That’s how I feel about childhood. I scared it might want me to come with it. I can’t. I’m stuck in the present, like a calf with its head caught between the barbed wired fence. Can’t get out if I wanted to.
When you get older the dark comes quietly into your house. You don’t know it, but you sense that it can’t hurt you. Long as you hold to your thoughts. The ones that wrap around east Tennessee hold me to the ground.

Tall Tales of Country Music

You come to Bristol. See things you ain’t never seen before. Not that we bragging. What happened was as surprising to us as anybody. We were plum taken aback. We didn’t expect it.
A pig playing a banjo. Two red foxes playing a fiddle. That wasn’t unusual in Bristol. All our farm animals love country music. Chickens did the piano. They can’t stop writing country hits. Don’t you just love country music. Cows got a contract with a recording company.
All right, I’m pulling your leg. We ain’t got no rabbits, squirrels, crows, frogs, chickens that can sing like Conway Twitty. They more like Roy Acuff. Some got a voice that could change the way you see farm animals. We got goats in Sullivan County that can pick a guitar.
We got ducks that play a fiddle. Yodel up a storm. We got cereal once your pour milk on it sounds like Buck Owens. Somebody put a spell on east Tennessee. Slap, cackle, bop. Every animal in Bristol has got a recording contract. Birds been around east Tennessee serenading the crowds.
Sometimes you can’t get into to concert. Just not enough tickets to go around. You want to hear them pigs, hogs, horses, chickens, goats let go. They love show business. Been to the Grand Ol Opry. Their voices full of east Tennessee and them twanging notes each one believing that they better than any human being’s singing.
You got to hand to farm animals. Since the spell come around they been studying Hank Williams, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Hank Snow. Now you know it don’t just happen that old crows burst with the beautiful voice of Dolly Parton.
The voices overtake us when we’re feeling low. They get right up in your face. Come along State Street and tell you stop worrying, get with the music that country music makes. The music sung by pigs who have nothing to lose.
Foxes don’t come around hen houses much anymore. They down at the music hall. Playing old country hits. Singing like a country band. If they was humans we’d think they was the best.
Thing is we don’t want them to get cocky. Chickens, rabbits, possums, deer need to stay hungry. All else can you get them to practice.
A fish jumped out at Holston River and sung a country ballad. We still amazed. Don’t know why the newspaper pick up that story. It was all we could do to ask it for another. We waited and waited. Then that fish did an encore.
We never been more pleased. Don’t mean to make a big deal out of it. We don’t like people coming to Bristol just to hear the bluegill sing. Pigs, chickens, polecats, rabbits, squirrels, birds are all right. Just leave our fish out of it. They kind of finicky. We figure that don’t like a big crowd.
A fish needs to burst with a country ballad. Just like we do. Our hearts in Bristol sing like Tennessee Ernie Ford. And don’t you ever forget it. The guitars and fiddles all agree. Bristol’s got more to offer than just singing fish and goats and pigs. We got country music in our blood.
We sing because we feel it roaring inside us. It gurgle up, you know. Come out and sit down and play a fiddle, piano, guitar. And we don’t know how to tell you that it’s the greatest feeling in the world. Just to hear country music buzzing around. Looking for somebody to hold onto. Tell them they got something inside them that country music needs.
And what do you think that is? We thunk on this a lot. We figure country music discovered us. We know it was the other way around. We heard country music and we ain’t been the same since. We recorded it. The world got an ear full because we give them a sample.
It was like us milking a prize winning cow. The milk spilled out all over the world. And everybody knows where it come from. Bristol got famous for serving up a bowl of country music.
We’re not certain. But we bet it’s down deep. The things that make us grow. Feel human. It’s a wisdom. Nobody knows how much we understand about the world. All we know is country music is what brung us this far. And how could it be otherwise?

Country Weather

Country weather ain’t like city weather. East Tennessee sky is a skillet a hundred miles wide. Look out below. Come grease a popping its fingers. Blue sky holding that frying pan. Butter sizzling overhead. We know when breakfast is ready. Them bacon clouds tell you it’s all right, almost ready, just don’t expect bacon to kiss you good morning. Let a cornbread sky spell your from worry about stuff, ham that buzzes like an airplane will remind you to slop the pigs. Grits scattered around east tennessee skies will tell your fortune.
You don’t have to worry about the cabbage, corn, spinach up there. When the sun goes down it takes them crops with it. The stars are full of grits. The man in the moon has no where to go but the dinner table. He’s got his spoon and fork ready for some chicken and dumplings. Cause that’s what the night sky serves for dinner. Maybe a little rice pudding on the side.
The newspaper in country towns like Bristol know a carrot sky from a string bean sky. You got to bring your umbrella when it tells you the sky will be full of pinto beans, biscuits and gravy. You might want to stay indoors. You never know what them garden vegetable fields in the east will do, once they get to growing.
The fields are long up there. You don’t know how many radishes, artichokes, peas, tomatoes, potatoes will be popping out of the sky. It’s anybody’s guess. That’s why you need to listen to the weather report on TV.
They know’d when the sky is going to drop a wagon load of tunic greens on Sullivan County. You need to protect yourself. They come down in clumps, scattered around Bristol. Mostly we step over them. Some heaps of corn block traffic along State Street. We don’t mind. We’re country folk.
We got manners around vegetables. We don’t want vegetables thinking we’re too big for our britches. Bacon, ham, sausage, biscuits, cornbread give us reasons to love country weather. We look up at the sky. See a plate of corn, cabbage, chicken and dumplings and our mouths water.
We know things are going to work out. A sky full of biscuits means we’re doing things right. The gravy bowl is up there. We can see a nice soft napkin folded around a mountain. The potato fritters glitter in the east. You just know the apple pie that Moma Keys is up there. Vanilla pudding, too. You can hear the clinks of the spoons and forks when the lighthing and thunder come for lunch.
We hear chewing sounds. The mouths of clouds are enjoying themselves. Country weather has a plate full of crawdads. It eating them up. Drumsticks, fried green tomatoes just about to wake up in that frying pan. The sky shimmering with the scents of roast beef, meat loaf, venison, a caserole full of everything good in east Tennessee.
We learned how to get along with corn and cabbage when we was born. We respect anything green, because it has good intentions. And wouldn’t fall from the sky unless it had a good reason. And we know why.
It loves us. Bacon, sausage, biscuits done right by us. They don’t mess with our dispositions. We are all happy to see them up there. Where they belong. Ain’t nothing prettier than a grits sky. Unless it’s ham & eggs, some toast, cups of coffee dripping down.
Frogs, chickens, turkey, lamb chops. They mighty tempting. Got pretty faces. They all get the same first class seat in the sky. And when we get hungry we just look up. Them clouds that looks eggs & bacon will give us our due. More hope comes from a sky full of cabbage than you would ever guess.
That’s why a country sky is the best. It’s what we want out of life. Especially when we’re hungry. We could eat that whole northern sky. Just put it between two slices of bread. And we’re happy.

What Corn Said

Waiting for the corn lobby to come around. I hope they decide the best way for corn to be consumed. Ground corn is everybody first choice. Though sweet corn will always kiss your cheek if it sees you coming. Corn on the cobb has many fine attributes. It can cure a cold. Tell you a compliment that you will never forget. Like you’re handsome, pretty. Got a great personality.
Corn in any form is a good old boy. Lives right in Sullivan County, goes around telling everybody that east Tennessee is the land of milk and honey. Cause our cows done won every prize at the county fair. And our bees jump right on you if you don’t love their honey. It’s sweet, curl your toes. Give you the look of a possum perfectly happy, dangling upside down from a hickory tree.
They’s a movement afoot to put popped corn on the ballot. The corn vote will decide which method of consumption results in the greatest benefit. The dangers of coming to such an abrupt decision are many. We don’t want anybody fighting over corn. The stuff grows in the ground, sprouts up and mumbles our name. Corn knows the name of every farmer in Bristol.
It ain’t got a lack of confidence in its gifts. It gives us more than we deserve. Corn bears such residence. We are inspired by its leadership ability. Pop it and corn will orate you a speech like Abraham Lincoln done at his inaugural address.
As you know cornstalks are left handed. We never looked at that as a disadvantage. Corn never rode no bicycle. Never built an sand castle. Never read book. Corn has caught a few thousand fish. It points this out to those who are doubters.
Corn is fun. It loves to play country music. You walk by a corn field and you hear Roy Acuff, Tammy Wynette, George Jones, Hank Williams singing their hits. Corn gives its best regards. It come bursting out of the earth with that smile on its face. Like it was born to please the human race.
Bristol loves corn. It can’t get enough of it. If somebody come and get our corn we wouldn’t be able walk or talk. We need it. What corn does for us we can only imagine. Corn gives us the things that make us great.
Love comes with every corn stalk. It reaches up into a blue sky and grabs a piece of Heaven. It brings to every kernel of corn a calmness, like a mountain creek singing like the Carter Family, that tuned that give Appalachia its birthright.
Guitars, fiddles know corn better than anybody. County singers eat corn and they sing better. Can see all the way to Knoxville. Know the difference between right and wrong. Corn wants to give us the world. And then some.
How else would Bristol have discovered Country Music. It was corn at our side, whispering the promises that Country Music would never break.

Laws of Salt & Pepper

A pinch of salt in Bristol is a very important dignitary. It lives with everybody. Lets us alone. It don’t interrupt us when we’re talking. Not like pepper. Shake the pepper and you get an argument. Did you get enough or too much? What do you expect from pepper, anyway. A new life. Freedom to do what you please.
Pepper can do that. But often needs to be in the company of a pinch of salt. You see they commence to doing what’s right in Bristol. Food tasting good keeps our local government running smooth.
Cleans the streets, catches anybody speeding. The right amount of salt on a plate of vittles can make or break us. We mind the law of salt and pepper. A little goes a long way. The two don’t mind if we ask them for a favor. Just don’t ask them to tell a lie.
They’re honest hardworking folks. Salt never broke a promise. Pepper’s got more friends than sour cream. You can’t beat pepper with a stick. Some pepper will make you sneeze. What did you expect? It’s kind of persnickety. Don’t like noses nosing around.
Pepper’s every bit the banjo player. The guitar picker, the fiddle playing guy with a look on his face like he was in love with some girl named Susie. The piano’s never understood pepper. But it’s willing to go along.
Salt and pepper holding hands as they stroll around Sullivan County. You pretty much get the impression they like each other. They sparking. They smooching every occasion they get.
Don’t mention pepper without salt. Leave one out the other gets jealous. They’re all right when it comes to sharing the wealth. If pepper don’t have money to pay for lunch, salt will dig deep. Salt has deep pockets. Once bought the Brooklyn Bridge.
Pepper never says anything bad about salt. And vice versa. Though salt can go off. Behind pepper’s back and let the cat out of the bag. Salt is a royal member of the condiment family. Salt sits on its throne. Every other condiment does its bidding.
Of course, salt is modest. Leads a simple life. Don’t want to brag. It loves its privacy. Don’t want to sign no autographs. Listens to country music and hears it talk of all the many wonders that salt has done.
You think country music loved salt more than pepper. The fans of salt and pepper are all over Sullivan County. Can’t wait for the next meal. When they can ask those two to them mashed potatoes and gravy. It would be a crying shame if salt and pepper was allowed to jump all over them.
Defeat comes with honor. The potatoes are chewed up, the salt and pepper giving them a twenty one gun salute. And every taste bud singing ‘The Star Spangled Banner.’

Laws of Bacon

Bacon never worries about nothing. It teaches us to relax. It’s yoga and meditation. Bacon has its own mantra, whispering in the frying pan. Closing its eyes, assuming the lotus position, downward facing dog, balancing on one foot, then the other foot. Stretching its arms out and touching its toes. Bacon adheres to the Zen life. Got to keep a positive attitude when you’re visiting a frying pan.
The importance of understanding the laws of bacon can’t be over emphasized. You can’t take the risk. Bacon has a right to know where it stands. You for it or against it? Them who know bacon appreciate the power that bacon provides. Intelligence, good looks, compassion for every living thing. A love of country music. Hank Williams, Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson. You hear them sing. You listening to bacon. A warm feeling in your brain.  the legal implications of breaking the laws of bacon are essential if you want to live a full life.
We growed up with it. Bacon was what give us its dream. It seed us a great people who lived in a small southern town named ‘Bristol.’ Bacon run the city government. Teaches in the schools. Drives a big car. Bacon smokes a big cigar.
Wears a plaid necktie. Italian shoes, walks along State Street, saying hello to the breakfast crowd. People in Bristol love bacon more than they will admit. We got bacon on our mind. We remember bacon’s law. Take everything with a grain of salt. Sprinkle a little pepper on the yellow yolk. Bacon appreciates the wisdom of Bristolians who pledge their undying love to it.
What other food than bacon will ask you a favor? Bacon has for centuries reached out a grabbed us by our shirts and requested one last wish. It’s wish for us to listen to what bacon says in the pan.
You hear it mumble its affection for east Tennessee. Everybody in Bristol can hear bacon plead its case for growing them truths. Like cabbage, corn, string beans, peas, potatoes, tomatoes, squash, you name it. The honesty of seeds bring forth the truths.
Bacon wants us to know how grateful it is to serve us. No greater good has ever been served as when a plate of bacon visits the breakfast table. Whispers the soft tender truths that swirl around us, hopping on forks and speaking us in the mouth the unforgettable words of the Gettysburg Address.
Them words juicy, kind of reminding us of the things we got and the things we want. Bursting like fireworks. Yummy lights spinning in the dark. Teeth believing they’d hit pay dirty. Everything rich, everything good, the sadness of life gone way. Dullness throwing up their hands.
Bacon makes us happy. The least we can do for bacon to allow it to give us that pleasure. Bacon wants us to know we owe bacon a lot. What we do without bacon? Country music come bacon. It leaped out and played the fiddle, strummed the guitar, sang like Tennessee Ernie Ford.
And I don’t even want to tell about sausage. You wouldn’t believe half the things sausage does. It can lift up your house and find a baseball rolled under there. Sausage can tell your fortune. It can make you understand why the banjo don’t like it when the piano jumps up in a ballad. Sausage with its many vouchers. All over east Tennessee people stand up for sausage.
They know’d what sausage done in the War Betwixt The States. It fed the Confederate army every morning. And when that terrible day come. Their defeat was accompanied by sausage. Proud as a pig who won at the country fair.
Sausage wants to save us all. It’s can’t express its appreciation enough for our devotion. It knows all too well the emptiness inside us. And wishes to do its part at addressing our deepest concerns.
The rewards of healthy appetites have never been greater. Bacon passes through the heavenly gates. We let it briefly perch on our tongues. Then we ask it for a bit of advice. How long to we have wait for Paradise? Are the fish biting out at Watauga Lake? And does the lark at Steele Creek Park sing like Elvis Presley?
Joy. That’s bacon’s domain. The squeal of the pig in every strip of bacon, every sausage and pork chop. Our ecstasy clearly visible on the plate. Then suddenly vanishing, carried away by the abductors. Forks with a gleam in their eyes. Kicking and wiggling as it slides down the bannister. Dark welcoming it with open arms.
Glad to see you. Didn’t think you knew how to get here. Bacon gets privileges in the body. Free tickets to the circus. The intestines, the liver, the heart, the lungs. You don’t go through a day if you’re a spleen without learning something from bacon. A philosopher. It can help you solve the trickiest dilemmas. Just don’t ask for a free ticket to the Grand Ol Opry. They sold out.
Ever understood what pork chops mean when they start to yammering in the skillet? It’s all about the pork chop. It don’t care nothing for the world. They’s children starving in China and that pork chop has nothing on its mind, except east Tennessee. Got a reward on the pig. We got nothing against the pig. Oh, we know it done some bad things way back when it was a piglet. We know that the curly tail it wears on its behind like a bonnet is nothing but a question. A pretty tricky way of asking for mercy.
The reason we show no mercy to the pig is we have this undying love to eat it. The pig invent bacon. And that give eggs a break. Cause eggs ain’t nothing without bacon. The things that bacon does would astound the world. If people know’d bacon was a county minster. A Baptist who understood what the world needed was saving.
Bacon believes in us. It knows all our names. Everybody in Bristol loves bacon because it’s always been their friend. Every morning it smiles at us. Like an insurance salesman. A pretty waitress at the Doohickey Dinner on State Street. She’s got a thing for us.
The law of bacon is that we got to eat it. Or we going to die. We can’t help ourselves. The bacon law come around and hung a few skinny rabbits, squirrels, tap dancing polecats.
Why is it that when a pork chop starts to fry it can’t stop telling you what to do? Bacon’s got a big ego. I wish it could learn some manners. You see bacon doing things that would make you wonder who it thought it was.
Bacon wants us to believe it’s full of love. And of course, it is. However there are things that live in bacon which could disrupt the flow. I mean that stream of affect which shoots out of the first bite. Bacon expressing its love for the human race. So don’t expect bacon to care about its detractors.
Got too much fat, can’t ride a bicycle. Never recites the Pledge of Allegiance. What are you going to do with such a sociopath? It can crack a safe at the bank. It can sing like Conway Twitty.
Think bacon thinks too much of itself. Full of hubris. Got a problem with anybody thin. Bacon sees a thin fellow sitting at a breakfast table in Paris, France. I’m telling you the ruckus would make a white carnation blush. Bacon throws a fit. Jumps all over that skinny guy.
Forces him to open his mouth. The bacon leaps inside. That show of mercy that bacon exhibits is all we know of its greatness. It wants to convince every man, woman and child in Sullivan County that bacon cares.
Of coursek, Bristol Is where pigs, imported from Ireland were landed and herded therougj Calne to London's Smithfield market to be slaughtered and sold. They stopped over to rest in Calne where the Harris clan lived and where they would develop Witshire bacon cure. Bristol is legendary for its key role in developing the bacon curing industry. I suspect that professors and academia from the universities in Bristol gave the scientific underpinnings to the Harris empire.  I have myselfnwalked from one en of Bristol to the other one day, a few years ago, to find a tailor where I could alter a suite for a Meat Industry awards dinner in London that evening.  Fond memories! Great city! Great article! Well written!!

Hobgoblins of Literature

My repulsion at encountering friends who write fiction, poetry or plays has not diminished since I arrived in New York City from a small southern town called Bristol. I am adverse to poetry readings because the work doesn’t amount to anything more than cheese cake. And not particularly good for the heart. The brain is covered with snow. I attempt to shovel the walk. I get no where. I’m stuck listening to a broken needle poke its finger in my ear, pull my cheeks. Sing like Tiny Tim ‘Tip Toe Through The Tulips. “ That falsetto voices changing the locks on San Quentin where the genuine talent of fingernail files go to waste.
I’m given to thinking back on my youth when I had a similar aversion to zombies. They annoyed me. I lived on Windsor Avenue. And coming home a Saturday movie we all turned into zombies. We chewed gum. We walked with our arms outstretched. The tips of our fingers touched some distant place in Bristol.
What was I to do when I discovered that empty faces, blank looks in the eye would come to haunt me in the coming year. The nonchalance that robs us of our ambition sometimes deplete our enthusiasm and appreciation of those around us. We don’t know what say when confronted with friends dedicated to literature. I knew a sculptor who spent his entire life chiseling a beautiful woman. They later married. She had money. He never sculpted anything much. Just a few ashtrays, an oblong elephant, two monkeys and an orangatang.
People who live in New York City get that dumb look on their faces. And start telling you about their latest creation. Poem, novel, abstract painting, song. It’s not that they’re not talented. It’s just they’re not who they think they are.
They’re zombies. People who seek to enter the arts and can’t get in. Don’t know the address of the place. And if they did they could maybe crawl through a window or climb up the stairs. Ring the doorbell like the pizza guy. Give literature not a bad name. Just a spot on the lapel that looks like somebody bit into a sandwich and a puddle of mustard drop its hat. A nice yellow cowboy hat that makes you stand out in a crowd.
The zombies write like crazy. Don’t think they sleep. Songs come of them like nobody’s business. Novels show their faces in the street. They even got poems that drive small foreign automobiles. Work in those tall buildings. Painters got more colors than you can shake a stick at. They paint portraits of square headed women. It’s a sideshow. Do you mind if them blue faced men jump up and down in your brain?
The hobgoblins of literature frighten each generation into a slothful dirge. Every wild haired writer standing on his toes to reach up for a cup of light. Just shine it right there. Where I’m stuck. And knowing that the walls of medicrity surround even the best writers, painters, we’ve no one but our conscienves to blame. It’s the light in the brain. Sometimes it’s so bright, other times you can’t find a word. What does the goblin do when there’s no mischief in the pen? The words like frogs don’t turn into princes. They just make noise at night. Flop around. Sing like a broken clock. We got that fixed.
Regrettably we don’t use our voices awaken those around us. Just something inside us wants to escape. The light battles anything that goes dark. The light of stories and plays. The faint amber glow of praise. The dark catching with us. Enveloping even the best of us. What is most frightening is that tell each other less than we know and more than we hope for. We fall and rise on the backs of our failures. Never surprised by our capacity for settling for fame. And not for contributing to the fire. It burns low. All those who after us see the fire burn low. We want to know what the fire knows.
What I mean when I refer to zombies is not the average writer. The mediocre painter or song writer. I mean the ones who are talented. It’s a dire and wretched dilemma. This whole enterprise of making art out of thin air. From our lives the pages, the songs, the paintings try to fly. Barely getting off the ground. The wind is not quite there. We hope it won’t rain. The terrible blue sky has too often robbed us of our gifts. And we’re left wondering what to do with our time.
If we were on fire we were the better part of a flicker. Like a generation of fireflies strumming the night air in the woods. Some of us had amber glows that flickered out. Others never got a chance to gleam. Too many of us blustered. Our light glowing in synch with our times. Some small moons of amber more luminous than a match struck in the dark chambers of literature. Art shaped in the form of butterflies swarming around a garden. So tiny it could easily be overlooked.
We daub painting on the canvas. We scribble musical notes like children setting firecrackers in mailboxes. Or frightening the man in the moon. We write little postcards to ourselves. The words are full of spite. Some love that hugs the stars at night. Tells them how grateful they should shine down on us. Do they need anything? We’d be happy to do favors for stars, if they’d just shine down on us.
The failure of artists is one of unpreparedness. Posterity isn’t for everyone. Not everyone survives the gold rush. Some of us expire a little at a time. Like rain puddles. Such beggars the birds. Invited to brunch. They prefer earthworms and muddy punch.

Horseflies And Such

There’s a whole bunch of horseflies that whirl around Sullivan County looking for a free lunch. They munch on anything that clings to a cow’s tail. It’s a tradition in the horsefly world to partake of every morsel of jam, mustard, mayo, ketchup. But for a quite lunch, the horsefly will accept gifts from flowers, grass, leaves, nuts. Once a horsefly drank from a puddle of ice cream. Turned into a palomino and run off to Virginia.
Some flies are green. Take you by surprise. They can fool you. Chase you are Bristol and pat you on the back. Whisper the secrets that only flies know. Stuff like sugar is the only fountain of youth. Tickle your ear that mystical buzz that loves you like your mother.
Careful the buzz has tricks up its sleeve. Don’t look into the buzz’s eyes. It will hypnotize you. Make you think you are a possum hanging upside down at Steele Creek Park, reciting passages from Lord Byron.
Or you could be in danger. Look around you. The buzz from a fly could punch you in the eye. Tell you off. Break a promise. Whip out its pocket watch. Know it’s late for something. Open its sports coat and show you its badge. All files in east Tennessee have been deputized. Looking for anybody who thinks they can sing county music. Them flies are talent scouts.
Watch every fly in Bristol. Keep your eye on them. They’re a tough crowd. Carry pistols, toothbrushes, bad of soap, fresh socks and underwear. Flies are picky about their wardrobes. You got to look good when spring comes along. Spring expects to pick a fly out as the one that saved Sullivan County from not having a buzz. ‘
Bristol needs a buzz. We discovered country music. That buzz is what the insects are ringing them church bells. Everything in Bristol all dropped into that deep well of a buzz. Every country ballad ever sung in Sullivan County. Every guitar, fiddle, piano, drum catching the early bus around Bristol. Going to break into show business. Throw fate down the stairs, and if you’re not careful, run straight into a town that loves country music so much we can’t stop playing.
We started one sound ten years ago we ain’t finished yet. We’re lost somewhere in the middle and we ain’t embarrassed to tell you we love it. We going to live in that song. It’s got more bedrooms than rock music. And besides, we enjoy taking a dip in the swimming pool.
The common housefly has always enjoyed Bristol. There’s something things to do in Bristol. Eat cake at Grandma’s Jackson’s house. Sit on the icing and dab get that good miracle sweetness that every fly in east Tennessee knows as Heaven.
The blue bottom flies buzz up State Street. They croon like Tennessee Ernie Ford if you’re another fly. Otherwise that buzz pulls them close, wraps around their necks and gives them a big kiss. It’s not an unpleasant experience. Kind of like falling in love with a spoonful of grits. You love it to death. But you’ve got to accept the responsibility for feeding yourself. Who wants to go hungry.
Yes there was a famine a hundred years ago in which grits got the boot. Nobody had any grits and Sullivan County was beside itself. What you suppose they did to make do. They pretended they was eating grits when they was really eating something else. Peas, carrots, cabbage -- cornbread serves as good substitute.
Dragonflies are willing to sacrifice everything if they can make off with a bowl of chicken dumplings. Those dragonflies have every right to their heritage. They’re good ol dragonflies of Bristol.
If you see one, tip your hat. It’s not everyday a dragonfly passes through Bristol. And you know what it wants more than anything? It’s to hear Country Music. The way our musicians and singers play it. Like it was a revolution that could give you a sweet disposition. A bit of wisdom. Enough to kill a wild bull. Two tigers and an elephant.
There are dragonflies that can shoot flames all the way to the Great Smoky Mountains. You don’t want to stand too close. Though if you need your backyard barbecue lit, them dragonflies will be glad to help.
We got stinkbugs that smell like french perfume. We got mosquitos that can peal an apple and sip the nectar from roses. They get kind of tipsy. Think that the backyard is Paradise. Lit on a the bare shoulder of a little boy. Get smacked for being free.
We got flies so small that don’t bother nobody at all. Don’t see much of them. Just a little dot swinging around the room. Giving us the slip. Occasionally landing on our noses. Which is strictly against the law in Sullivan County. No touching people. They got better things to do than consult with gnats. Small potatoes get more attention in east Tennessee. I know’d this here on potato. Put under my pillow. Next day there was a whole dollar bill. Spent on candy and gum. Like any forty year old man would do.
Thing is on Saturday night the gnats shout and giggle in that profane voice. It’s like they was alarm clocks. And what do you suppose they trying to tell us. Must be something terrible. Some bad news. Like Tennessee Ernie Ford didn’t ask for seconds when he visited Brenda Lou Batterwell on Windsor Avenue.
Maybe the bad was that the fish wasn’t biting out on Watauga Lake. Maybe somebody in Bristol gained weight. Put on a happy face and told everybody they was beautiful. You think anybody would do something as dumb as that?
The things them flies do would fill up a book. Can’t wait till it comes out. Be a bestseller. Right up there with that bird book by John James Audubon.

Gratitude

The most surprising thing about gratitude is that it never appears smug. It knows exactly what to say, always giving you the benefit of the doubt. A plate of grits, some mashed potatoes. A few buttermilk biscuits. Doubt sure knows how to cook.
Gratitude wears a red bowtie. It can’t say anything bad about us. The gratitude in Bristol wears blue trousers, suspenders, gold watch. If you ask it what to do gratitude will tell you. It knows everything. It’s got nothing good to say about how you should live.
It demands little in the way of us. The things gratitude wants us to do are all folded and put away. It isn’t going to pull them from that hiding place. Gratitude wants us to find them all by ourselves.
When meeting gratitude we observe its personality. Outgoing, comfortable in a large crowd. As we look closer, waiting for gratitude to show its true colors, we find courage, cunning, an intelligence that lends itself to a learned virtue.
Not only does it speak in a gentle voice, it can sing and dance. In Bristol, gratitude loves a country band. The fiddles embrace gratitude, recognizing it for what yields its friends. Guitar reckon that gratitude cannot abandon its goodwill for county music.
Gratitude with its gift of generosity. Its predilection for the unappreciated. Finding those around it who have been neglected. And making certain they’re complimented on their contributions. Praise what gratitude brings to the table.
A taste for the common folk. Even if one hasn’t accomplished much in their field, gratitude is the first to shine a light on them. Divulge to them a deep enjoyment of their qualities.
Gratitude never verbose. It speaks in short bursts. Little words that move on little legs. They don’t bite. They are prone to gentle rubbing their muzzles against the legs of the neglected. The warm look in gratitude’s eyes a thing of beauty.
Loyalty, admiration, the good sense to give credit where credit is due. The acknowledgment of the obscure, regretting that anyone would be neglected. Passed over for not wearing the right color of coat. The wrong hat. The unbecoming dress that drags along the floor.
Gratitude that drives the wrong car. Speaks in a broken accent. Dividing its time between english, french, german, spanish. What is it we expect from gratitude if not a well read virtue. It knows literature. It owns a large library in which the volumes are dog eared. Gratitude up nights reading Dickens, Trollope, James Joyce, William Faulkner.
Gratitude that sleeps late. Measures its height not by fame. Determines intelligence by how many followers it has. How many devoted crowds gather outside its door. In Bristol, gratitude lives on Windsor Avenue in a small cottage. No swimming pool, or sauna. Though one can walk into its garden and pick a few green peppers.
What would we do without gratitude? We couldn’t believe we deserve it. And dropped like leaves from an dying tree we’d end up raked, burned in the wire basket beside the marble bird feeder. The yard full of rabbits that want only to help themselves to the tall grass that circles the plum tree at the far end.
How could it be otherwise

Sweet Relish

What is it? I’m afraid to ask. It’s on every kitchen table. The spoon giving you the eye. All I know is sweet relish is one fine, delicious condiment. People in Bristol know what sweet relish will do. Lift your spirits. Pat you on the back. Give you the gumption to get out of bed. Sweet relish is what motivates the human race.
You can’t live without chow-chow. Who would want to, anyhow? Give me that sweet relish. Happy life with every delicious morsel. That sweet relish give you the what for. Knock you out like a haymaker. Make you hear the little birdie tweet. The earth spin around like it was trying to tell you something.
Sweet relish is what you born to love. It wants to marry you. Take you off on a honeymoon. Of course, you need a proper intruduction. You can’t just take advantage of it. You need to respect it. Trust. Get to know your chow-chow. Cause it’s never one for coarse behavior. People in Bristol who eat chow-chow are kind and generous. Their marriages last forever. There’s a tenderness that chow-chow brings to those who spoon it on beans.
Look out. Here comes good fortune. A soft light that churns in your stomach -- the little stars and moon that stomachs watch for. It comes once in a whilel, like a prophesy. A promise of contentment. A stomach with chow-chow never growls. Speaks like Tennessee Ernie Ford. Trills like a banjo spotting its favorite country singer -- Johnny Cash, Conway Twitty, Roy Akkuff.
In honor of a fresh batch of chow-chow,  I unwrap the light from around the morning sun. I see it leap up into the maple trees. I hear it sing. Not a bird, some human voice. Very sweet. When I am not looking the sun wants to come inside. It wants to slip inside my head. Where it can get comfortable.
Some mornings it’s slow to perform its juggling act. Picking leaves off the ground and throwing them high, with assistance from the invisible hands of the wind. A moment later, the sun climb up on the roof. Looks down at us, before it stretches its arms out a few miles, then dives. Plummets into a glass of lemonade.
Every morning the sun pirouettes like a ballerina atop my chimney. Then it falls in my backyard and squeals like a pig. I’ve heard the morning light say some pretty things. The tomatoes in the garden blush. The morning light is fond of buttercups and daisies. It would do just about anything for a dogwood tree.
Leave the morning to its business. Expect nothing more than excellence. Anybody see it running through the woods they know where it come from and what it’s looking for. A face like the Queen of England.
The morning is gifted. Can sing like Minnie Pearl. Play the fiddle with the best of them. The afternoon light don’t know how the morning light learned how to storm a guitar. Makes sounds that every in Bristol wants to believe. Hold dear. The dusk ain’t going to tell you anything but a lie. Just don’t let it bend your ear.
Morning like got a pretty face. Red lipstick, mascara, long eyelashes. It got eyes in the back of its head. Big blue eyes that can pick your pocket. Got that nose which shines like moonlit meadows.
The mouth, its quite unassuming. Yet it tells the most beautiful truths. It knows everything. It has wisdom, compassion, understanding for everything it whistles at. The children’s mouths relay the messages that rain leaves along the sidewalk. The soft refrain of the lawn sprinkler. The generous unmasking of truths that hide in the corners of our eyes.
The morning’s tongue laps up the bits of dark that linger. It’s sweet. A little like stale candy. Peppermint. Sometimes caramel, if the morning light closes it eyes and turns around three times.
The rituals bear good fortune. The morning light knows in its heart the backyard is the place to be in east Tennessee. Sullivan county has the best backyards in the world. That’s where our gardens grow.
Ask a tomato, it’ll tell you the same. Every cucumber knows the truth about Bristol. We never planned to pickle them. It just happens. Jack in the box. A spontaneous combustion that results in the sweetest pickles. Sweet as the kisses Cleopatra give Marc Antony.

Atheist Diet

“The diet of the atheist consists mostly of insects, earthworms, weeds and an occasional bag of dirt, “ said anthropologist Mooney Miller of Bristol.  “For the past three decades, I have devoted my research to the atheist and their eating habits. What they consume would kill any normal human being. “
“They have no appetite for vegetables or grain. Meat has never been part of their diet. The atheist diet is a strange concoction that defies the very essence of nutrition. Vitamin-wise the atheist has deficiencies in the entire range of A, B, C, and C complex and E. It’s little wonder the atheist is a dying breed. “
“Of course, the Good Lord has provided for all his children. However, the atheist must shoulder the blame. The lack of faith and love for the Lord speaks for itself. More wholesome thoughts lead to wholesome foods. The diet of the atheist lacks substance. Nourishment is abandoned for the frivolous lifestyle. No wonder atheists can’t think so well. They’re lack of knowledge about food explains their doubts. “
“And yes, we have received various complaints from atheist that are often neglected, mistreated at the workplace. The fact is their are not self-sufficient. They are poor farmers. Their livelihoods cannot support them in our Christian community, where they continue to live among us. We acknowledge their presence and will them long, healthy lives. “
“We have long wondered why the atheist consumes bugs. You can often catch atheists in the woods, gobbing grasshoppers. Who hasn’t visited the public library and observed an atheist sitting at a table, reading a book. And what does he do? But remove from his pocket a mouse or a rat. Or maybe few houseflies or beetles or spiders to munch on. The spectacle of the atheist resorting to such bizarre feeding habits has puzzled nutritionists for centuries. “
“It is my opinion the atheist should attempt to being more variety into their diet. Grits, pork sausage, potato fritters. Maybe bite a chicken drumstick once in a while. “

Churches Charge Admission

“How much is an aisle seat on the right side? “ asked Myrtle Mathers. She peered at the ticket agent through her spectacles.
“Twelve dollars and fifty cents, “ the ticket agent said.
Myrtle shrugged her shoulders and forked over the dough. She knew getting a seat at The First Lutheran Church in Bacon, Tennessee was near impossible. They sold out. Standing room was frequently all they had to offer, and Myrtle wasn’t about to stand for that.
Myrtle could’ve have chosen the annual membership ticket, which gives the worshiper a better break. One hundred dollars a year. Though the seating available when Myrtle was thinking about buying was in the middle of the sanctuary. Not what she wanted. So she begged off.
“I can’t see the flowers on the altar from back there. Can hardly hear the choir. I don’t mind laying out money to worship. I know how popular Reverend Lloyd has become. He’s quite dynamic, a handsome man. He surely is a man of the Lord. “
“I have no interest in sitting in bad seats in church. I want to see everything. The choir, the organist, the deacons when they walk up and down the aisles. I can understand the demand of seating. How it has become so limited. In the Bible Belt, worshiping the Lord is serious business. “
“I sort of feel sorry for those who sit in the rear, and particularly those who have to stand. Takes strength to stand through a whole Sunday Worship. As far as the mezzanine goes they keep it. I’m not sure they even have a mezzanine, and I ain’t going to try and push it. And I ain’t going for any twofer. They tried and get me to buy one last time at the car wash. The laundromat has a discount, too, where if you get three shirts dry cleaned you get a discount on church tickets. I don’t mix dry cleaning and worshiping the Lord. Sorry. “
“ In general, I understand why people line up to purchase tickets for church. They validate parking, you know. Don’t have to pay extra for it. They throw it in. “
“It’s a new trend in worshiping. The church selling tickets, I mean. The real Christian rolls with the punches. We even frame our ticket stubs. “
“Good idea to call ahead. You can make reservations. Popular churches in Bristol attract lots of woshippers. Presbyterians, Lutherans, Baptists, Methodists. There just isn’t enough seats to go around. “
“You never know if they got enough room. Somehow I think this is a good thing. Nothing more disappointing than having to stand in the back. You know the organ music don’t always come all the way. You got to listen up. The sermon seems to travel well. It unpacks its bag and comes right up to you. Wants to shake your hand. “

We Got Church Bells That Talk

In Bristol, church bells have been heard talking. Saying the names of farmers and their families. The church bells have been offering advice on subjects ranging from marriage to education. The citizens of Abingdon are not in the least surprised that the church bells know them and offer sound advice.
“Usually a church bell is a bell is rung to signify the hour or the time for worshippers to go to church, perhaps to attend a wedding, “ said Reverend Paul of the First Baptist Church.  “So we don’t think much of it, if the church bells want to offer us some good pointers how we can improve our lives. “
Church bells typically have the form of a cup-shaped cast metal resonator with a flared thickened rim, and a pivoted metal striker or clapper hanging from its center inside. The church is usually mounted high in a bell tower on top of the church, so it can be heard by the surrounding community. The bell is suspended at its apex from a horizontal axle, so it can swing from side to side. A rope is tied to a pulley or lever on the axle, and hangs down to ground level.
To ring the bell, the bell ringer pulls on the rope, swinging the bell. The motion causes the clapper to hit the inside rim of the bell as it swings, making the sound. Alternatively, the bell may be suspended from a stationary support, and the bell rung by pulling a rope attached to the clapper to one side.
The church bell in Abingdon seems to rung by celestial forces. Usually around three or four o’clock in the afternoon. The citizens listen carefully each afternoon. Newspaper reporters wait patiently and write down everything the church bell says.
The following day quotes from the church bell are printed on the first page of the newspaper. The quotes often are biblical passages from Psalms or The Gospels. Though frequently the church bells suggest particular advice on matters of life and death. Advising against pre-marital relations, divorce, drug abuse, alcoholism, gambling and gluttony.
“We listen carefully to everything that bell tells us. It knows a lot. It knows what’s important. You hear it start up. A little prayer. A little sermon. You know what’s coming. It’s got something to say and it rings loud. On Sunday, it tells people to come to church. Don’t go fishing. “
“It politely suggests. It don’t preach. It wants us to pray more often. Read the Bible. That bell will ring and ring and we listen. We know everything it’s said. They got a book coming out that has everything that bell has said. And everybody is going to buy. “
“Sometimes the bell tells a story. Sometimes it tells a joke. Or recalls some memory of Heaven. If you listen to that bell you learn all kinds of things about the Lord and Heaven. That bells knows us better than we know ourselves. “
“For many years, the church bells whispered to us. But two years ago they started saying things. We’re so grateful. We don’t how we got along without the church bells. It’s perfectly naturally to hear them calling our names. “
“Last week they called us a fine people and asked us to exercise more. Eat more protein and fiber. The bells are always truthful. We can count on them to tell us what we need to know. The bells know are dreams and sometimes they remind us how much we need our faith and how good we are as a people. “
“The bells make us feel more grateful for what we have. They speak to us. But they also listen very carefully. It’s as though they wanted to learn everything about us. Sometimes they asked us questions. And not easy questions. Hard questions. Like who are we? What do we want out of life? “
“But how were we to answer. We didn’t know at first. Then it occurred to us that all we had to do was pray. And that’s what we did. And the church bells heard us. We knew the bells heard us because the very next day the bells congratulated us. The bells speaking in a voice to each of us. It was a miracle. And that pleased us. We liked miracles. And church bells talking seemed perfectly heavenly. “
“Occasionally one hears of the church bells helping children with their homework. Telling them how to work math problems. Coaching them in various ways. Offering encouragement and in some cases telling them how much they are loved. How they should in turn show their love for their parents. “
“Those church bells have become a part of us. We know what we’d do without them. Once they told Harold Boss where to go fishing. What spot was the best to fish in. And what to use for bait. And once Sarah Delp was told by the bells which of her gentleman callers was the best suited for her in marriage. “
“I can’t recall the church bells ever being wrong. They once named the children in town that needed discipline. Need more love. Needed a haircut. Or new shoes. We collected money and sent it to the need family. The children got new shoes. “
“Then one day the bells told us the best prices of grocery items. And where to buy them. Meatcuts and canned goods. They told who the best mechanic in town was. And where we could get a good deal on a lawnmower or automobile. “
“The bells have never let us down. They continue to encourage and support us. We wish to return the favor. So we listen. We learn. You can learn a lot from church bells. But you have to listen carefully. “

Morality of Honeybees

In Bristol, a bank-robber fleeing from the First National Bank was apprehended by a swarm of honeybees.  “I seen them bees, a whole bunch of them, slam right into that bank-robber, said Ray Belks. “Tackled him down to the sidewalk. I seen them bees crawling over that robber. Punched him in the nose. Buzzed real loud like crazy clock. You know’d that alarm went off.
Grabbed the thief by the head and slung him around like they wanted to teach him a lesson. Then they commenced to sting him all over. The bank-robber moaning and groaning real loud. People watching him wriggle and kick. Waving his arms -- him screaming and whooping. Eyes big as beach-balls. Every honeybee giving him what for. Twisting his arm, poking him in the eye. Asking him with their buzz ‘Don’t you ever do that again! “
“Guess them bumblebees got a sense of injustice. They done the right thing. “
When I first read the article in the newspaper I felt a sense of pride. We got heroic honeybees in Bristol. I wondered about the ants, grasshoppers, spiders, ticks, mosquitos, beetles, junebugs. Would they step forward, place themselves in harm’s way? Takes a lot of determination to stop someone from breaking the law.
I would like to take the time to congratulate them bees on a job well done. They fly around Bristol according to eyewitness reports. See somebody trying to jimmy the lock on cardoor those bees get downright indignant. They buzz around Bristol and if they see a bully on the playground they intervene.
We’re grateful honeybees know the difference between right and wrong. They teach some great lessons back in the hive. You wonder where they get the courage to fight for us. You’d think they knew we loved them for their honey. We was wrong. They had more poitential than we could see.
Shame on us.

Biscuits Question

A recent poll conducted by The Bristol Conservatory of Haute Cuisine reflects three out of ten Britolians question their belief that buttermilk biscuits is anachronistic. Old as the hills. Once served us. Then fell out of favor. Obsolete. Antiquated. Not worthy of the southern dinner table. Shunned because it hadn’t kept up with the times. Not modern enough, not nearly clever as cornbread.
We’re uncertain as to why there is such disbelief in biscuits. Where they fell from grace. What influenced their collapse. Should we send biscuits to jail. They’re bad. They don’t do for us what they did for so many years. They petty arguments with potatoes and garden salad. Their injunction against spaghetti. Biscuits don’t get along with green peas. They’d rather be with eggs and bacon. Which are their first loves.
Such faithlessness we find deplorable.  So many have jumped ship. Why anyone can’t accept the obvious is beyond us. The evidence is all around us.
Not that it has shaken my beliefs. Though we must say in reaction to this appalling bit of ignorance, we have decided after some deliberation that don’t believe in dinner rolls, neither. Sesame seed buns have lost it. Wouldn’t lift a finger for you. It’s not the life of the party anymore. No matter what you spread on it. Butter, cream cheese, peanut butter. Bagels just ain’t got any pozazz.   This may come as a shock to many biscuit lovers. But we are not in the least convinced biscuits care much about us. They a little stand offish. They don’t talk like they used to. Don’t hum when they see you.
Our cynicism about biscuits is derived of a sense of outrage. If faith for biscuits has diminished, then so be it. We’re suddenly biscuit snobs. We snub the buttermilk biscuit. You think it’s better than us. Biscuits should be humble.
Then pardon our lack of faith in pita bread. What you can put in them pockets would astound you. Put a slice of chicken, two green olives, American cheese, mushrooms, mayonaise. Pickle. Please, allow us as much credence as the salad bar. It ain’t intelligent you know. Salad bars never went to high school.
We ask only that the biscuit question been considered on its own merits, unfettered by the zealot who has over centuries believed wrongly that the biscuit could make you happy. And suddenly come to the conclusion biscuits don’t got nothing to do with satisfying us. We’re all tired of biscuits pulling a fast one on us. We know biscuits have ways of improving our lives.

How the biscuit myth got started we’re not entirely sure. Biscuit hysteria little doubt. We suspect the buttermilk biscuit, being southern was neglected, rebelled against the Union Army, started the whole nonsense. Took itself too seriously, when actually it was still a tasty baked good. Couldn’t pry its beautiful taste from that recipe which Mrs Davy Crocket give us.
The whole biscuit theory lacks credibility. We suspect strongly the bad biscuit reputation is a hoax perpetrated on us by zealot dinner roll lovers. Or perhaps it was instigated by the sesame seed buns. A disgruntled croissant that lost the race.    Indeed, we are doubters when it comes to the biscuits bearing intelligence and wisdom. We stubbornly hold fast to our cynicism. We’re baffled by why anyone would think that bad biscuits exist. They don’t. We dismiss the mediocre biscuit as a preposterous myth. All smoke and mirrors. An ill-conceived rumor that has run its course. The bogus makings of the illusionist. We denounce the bad publicity for biscuits as corrupt and shallow.
As well there is an over-confidence among biscuit-believers. Almost a swagger. The believers in biscuits incorporate the red eyed gravy that gives the biscuit a chance. Those who don’t believe the great Southern biscuit exists. Fluffy, soft as a cloud. The taste that gives Bristolians the gift of love. It holds for us the wonders of biscuits.
The mystery of biscuits is what they want from us. I think they need us. They’re lonely. The good biscuit is the one that accepts our offer. The knife spreading the butter over the biscuit. Saving it from obscurity. How could it be otherwise?

Le Trough

Avez-vous turnip greens? You got? Roast chicken gizzards smothered with truffles? We hungry, eat a horse raw in french sauce or not. It the grand opening at Le Trough, one them fancy restaurant chains specializing in southern dishes fixed in the traditional french style. It gall-dang, gosh-darn, mighty powerful, lip-smackin finger-licking good. Union of the haute cuisine of two great countries.
Opened up in Bristol. We all couldn’t resist the charm. The scents of that delicious haute cuisine, which to us means food. We run right over to see what the excitement was about. Having read the reviews in the newspaper. Saying how the food was fabulous. The menu doing a tight rope walk between two worlds.
Le Trough is French-Dixie. Exquisite and rare entrees-polecat a la normande, porkchop sur le plat, pickled ham aux fines herbes, cauliflower cake, skunk Newburg, dandelion au gratin, tadpole flamed in brandy, turkey giblet aux duselles or just plain meatballs des nouilles?
Avez vous, hamhocks, sil vous plait? Some fried clam omelet, plate of scratch biscuits, bowl of gravy, a whole bunch of Charles DeGaulle corndogs, trois juicy Johnny Jumbo burgers with a heapin’ tall side order of Giant Jacks onion rings, tout de suite. Mess of Bobo pie, fried green tomatoes swimming in blue cow-tail cheese.
Give me a helping of them sour cream fritters? Glazed ham. A bag of them tasty Davy Crocket barbecue des pommes frites, and I’ll wash it all down with a glass of Snake Eyes beer.
At breakfast, a bowl of Colonel Quacks rice cereal, the breakfast of good ol boys. Two dozen frozen Fat N Fancy cinnamon rolls, three scrambled eggs, a side of Smoky Mountain grits, six pork sausages, two stacks of flapjacks and a pot of Robert E. Lee coffee, the preferred hot beverage of the confederate army, endorsed by Robert E. himself and ‘still the best dang stuff that ever wuz’.   Le Trough is buzzing with hungry southern people. The butter and egg kind of folks who don’t count calories or fat content. They love to eat up a storm. Pretty much you can count on their appetites being large.
You taste them stompers, a kind of meatloaf made from squirrel, blended with cornmeal and whiskey, fried on a grill and served between two slices of cornbread.
Appetizers at Le Trough include acorn cookies, owl crackers, sweet tweeties and nutty pops, and down the line on a highly successful array of snack foods from Big Belly enterprises, which include Frosty Finger candy bars, Boo-Hoo crackers, (the cracker so good it makes you cry) and Mystery mints and Fink gumballs and Juicy juice, a carbonated beverage, and a chocolate drink called Muddy Moo.   Delightful and exotic southern delicacies as squirrel pate, turnip de frois gras, Grandma Huddles tangy chicken wings simmered in moonshine sauce, apple oil, goober peas, bubble gum, honeysuckle soup, pecan pie with a crispy mooncrust, rabbit bouillon cubes, dandelion mustard, Daniel Boone baked beans, Jimmy Dean greens and Elvis Presley fishsticks. Not to mention, Big Foot peanut butter, crunchy and smooth.
And don’t forget the puree de grits de terre, Dixie pommes in robe des champs, plateau de pork sausages, cuisses de grenouilles, specialite du chef possum souffli, cabbage ratatouille, chicken gizzard au pistou, sur commande pigfeet, varmint vol-au-vent, salamander supreme and beaver bordelaise.
Southern cuisine kicking up southern-style dishes---cornbread muffins, green bean casserole, hickory nut pie, fried chitlins in brown sauce, rabbit gizzards swimming in buttermilk, possum belly rice, roast duck, poached carp and chicken neck stew.
In the giftshop, grab a bag of Appalachian Trail mix, which comes in two flavors. Mild and wild. The milds has gooseberries, pecans and beef jerky in it. The wild’s full of everything from pulverized bullhorn, cornflakes, buzzard bits to pig rinds and dried fruits like smoked apricots, raisins. A scattering of sunflower seeds dipped in snuff, and once in a while you’ll taste a pinch of gunpowder, a sprinkle of jalapeno pepper to keep away the mosquitoes and, in general, makes you feel strong as a grizzly bear.
Le Trough is Bristol’s first drive-in Dixie-French Truckstop. Reservations are recommended, as the crowds of folks get wind of the unique combinations of them cultures thrown together. Mixed up and jumbled sideways to amuse and confuse the tastebuds.
Right nicely.

Truman Capote In East Tennessee

The First Presbyterian Church in Blue Gill, Tennessee was once visited by Truman Capote.  “He sat in the back. We knew he was there, “ said Brenda Delp.  “I seen him reach into his coat pocket and take out some rock candy. We all eye-balled him. Mr Capote was a short fellow, wearing a beige suit. We listened to him sing ‘Onward Christian Soldiers,’. That was the hymn. We seen his mouth opened pretty wide. Lyrics come right and waveed at us, like it wasn’t self conscious. Just felt right at home. “
“He was singing, too. We nodded. We kept turning around and looking. Everybody was real excited to see him. And after the sermon, we all shook his hand. He was quite nice about it. Mr Capote being such a large celebrity and all. He had this gleam in his eye, and of course, that voice of his. High as the moon, that leaf-thin sound, his voice a garden full of funny flowers that bloomed and spun everything around, mischievous elfin mews ran up the little flagpole and hung the world by a string. “
“His voice: a pig’s squeal, blue sky full of little sparrow trills, lovestruck mew chasing God around the room, barreling after some bit of truth, mad soprano and parrot squawk, alley-cat, a thousand rebel yells --- hear that whip, snap, slap, cackle, bop, honky-tonk, circus calliope, cowboy hoot, monkey babble, police-whistle, schoolboy cheer, love’s death rattle, battle-cry and a squirt of gin --- every mystical sweet whine that ever caught the world’s ear off-guard and shook loose down deep inside us all the implausible notion that life was so queer and beautiful, oh, wish I could sound like that. “
“Bristol was sure glad to have Truman Capote come to church. He bowed his head. Them sunglasses he had on was shining like they was glittering. We understand Truman Capote enjoyed himself. The sermon fit him like a well tailored shirt. Long sleeves. He put it on and smiled the way famous authors do when they’re on top of the bestseller list.
“We got excited because he signed our church bulletin. His autograph resembled a long elephant with its trunk raised in the air. He crossed his T’s with a short stroke. That autograph was nimble. It was alive. It purred like a cat. It sang like a bird in Bristol. It flew up in the air and circled Sullivan County. Somebody saw and took its picture. Ran in the newspaper the next day.“

Catching Willie Nelson

Carl Crock of Bristol told everybody he seen Tennessee Ernie Ford walking along Windsore Avenue.  “It was a gift, I guess. I had one of them visions. Not everybody can honestly say they see things like country music singers. Thing is if you look you’ll see them crawl out of a guitar. The fingers asking it to come on out. Show your face. Every country tune on the radio has got somebody stowed away in the song. “
“They come out in Bristol. There’s something about our town that draws them out. They like fish out at Watauga Lake. You catch them. They swim to the surface. Flip their tails. Sing like Conway Twitty, Dolly Parton, Roy Akuff, Ernest Tubb. I seen fish that look like Minnie Pearl. Maybe Tammy Wynette, Patsy Kline, Johnny Cash. Some don’t take the bait. They swim right up to your boat and serenade you. Of course, I don’t keep them. I let them go. What do you take me for? I ain’t no fool. “
“I didn’t do nothing to get them fish to sing. They just burst once I hooked them. Being caught and all give the notion that if they sing I’d let them go. And sure enough as soon as I thowed them back they crooned. Started to show me what they got. The fish have a way of singing county ballads with a gurgle. A splash. They dip under the cool surface of the lake. Come up to burst into song. “
“You got to be lucky to catch a Porter Wagnor perch. Hank Williams was a small mouth bass that could twang all over Watauga Lake. In the moonlight, it could bear you the great truths that country music throw across its back and carry all the way to Bristol “
“Of course, you don’t always get a bite. And I reckon it something that was meant to be. I been back out there at the lake and I ain’t a caught a fish for days. Not one Dolly Parton. But you never can tell. I might hit the jackpot. “
Since I pulled in Willie Nelson I noticed he’s glad to see me. Wiggles his tail. Gubs the air. He’s grateful to sing ‘Stardust.’ That song is what I love. A sweet love ballad that makes Sullivan County toes curl. You see it relazing. All the tension of the day dissolve into bliss. Willie Nelson is a striped bass. And when he tell you he’s grateful for letting him go it’s the best feeling in the world.
Almost as good as eating Grandma Doyle’s pork chops, mashed potatoes with that red-eyed gravy that could hypnotize the whole town of Bristol on a Wednesday night. Keep yourself busy. Don’t listen to that fish. Or you could get hooked.

Donkeys of Sullivan County

When you live on a farm you get a lot of things in the mail. We get the Donkey News in Bristol. It’s full of things that donkeys do. Some of them got gifts. Them donkeys in Sullivan County can do just about anything. Play pinochle, play the banjo. All over east Tennessee donkeys are doing fantastic things. Why? Because they believe they can.
Once you get into your head a donkey can be anything it wants to be. It can paint the garage, change a light bulb, work at the post office. And lots of other chores that people find tiresome.
Like learn how to bake lasagna. Fix a leaky faucet. Row a boat, catch a fish. Ask if it can join the navy.
It’s all in fun. We know’d that tabloid pull our legs. Like that story about a talking Donkey in Bristol. A donkey addressed a crowd of twenty-two bystanders at a Bristol, Tennessee shopping mall.
We don’t know what the donkey was talking about. He talked pretty fast. I think he was perturbed at something or somebody. We listened very carefully. Some of us nodded our heads, on account of we wanted the donkey to understand that east Tennessee is a nice community, welcome to all visitors and talking donkeys included.
All I heard him say was he had news to tell us. Something to do with donkeys that done wrong. Deserved to be punished. Heehawed and in general disturbed the quiet. The quiet hasn’t been the same since. Teeth chatters. It trembles like it was frightened of its own shadow. Did you know the quiet was ten feet tall. Rode the wind to work. Saturdays the quiet took off. Went to the Great Smokey Mountains and just chilled.
“It didn’t occur to me, “ said Abe Pulliam to ask,  “the donkey what he was talking about. The donkey went on and on. It could’ve had something to with the flawed beliefs of crows. The strength of crows’ faith not being up to expectations. The sacrifice that is need to achieve righteous living for crows has been compromised. Yet you got to blame crows for not pulling their weight. A crow can get away with doubt. Birds can doubt. Of course, it’s a shortcoming. A doubt is a terrible thing. It can break your back. “
“All I heard that donkey say was it brayed. Which come out of its mouth and hit the road. It was gone. Stepped all over Sullivan County, got it down and twisted every blade of grass till it moaned. “
“I heard that donkey speak. I heard it say something about heaven. How there were not so many donkeys in heaven. Of course, donkeys mumble a lot and clear their throat. Some distraction occurred from his tail swatting flies and his head nodding. And braying does nothing like what it could’ve done, if it had a elocution teacher like the pigs. “
“Sullivan County got pigs that sing like Conway Twitty, Johnny Cash, Tennessee Ernie Ford. Them donkeys got a lot to learn. “

Birds Walk Tenderlike

I seen that painting in the Bristol public library. A whole family walking across a blue sky, like it was strong enough to hold them. You think it was? I expect some people would look at it and wonder if it was a real event. One that the photographer caught for the world.
“It ain’t so much a contest as it is an experiment. I’ve seen it done. “ Gary Tuchman said. He didn’t beat around the bush. He seen two sparrows gingerly step on the water one morning in July. He seen five sparrows begin to cross the lake. Their beaks extended out, as though they was balancing on a tightrope.  “I know that bird, I know that fellow. That’s a sparrow family and they out walking on water.
Sparrows are’s presbyterian, which is pretty religious and all. But nothing that would keep it up like that. I hope them birds don’t drown. Look at him. He’s kind of wobbling. But he’s doing it. I can’t believe it. He actually walking on water. A presbyterian walking on water. Ain’t that amazing? “
“Cardinals and bluejays, on the other hand, have been known to dance across the lake. They’re all big show-offs. They mambo, fox trot, tango, waltz across the lake every Sunday. Big smiles on their faces. You ain’t seen nobody happier than them birds who can fish, peck the water, grab a minow and shake it like it was trying to tell it something. When they being watched by a bunch of birds the whole world straightens. Yes, we applaud. We jump up and down.
We sing. Birds got a song in their heart. Nothing keep it down. But maybe a church choir. Birds love to listen to church. Pick up some pointers on how to throw your head back. Let that hymn hit the congregation right in the kisser.
“It’s a beautiful sight, don’t get me wrong. Water is a highly porous thing. If you weren’t of good faith then you’d sink like a ton of bricks. “
“I’ve watched stones skip across that lake. Not get wet at all. Not a drop, They don’t splash. It’s all the fun in the world. And one of the benefits of being a stone is that you can skip across a moonlit lake. “
“The only drawback I can see is that it might scare away the fish. “

Aesop Was A Country Boy

In Bristol, we ain’t responsible for any jokes told by a tractor all day plowing them fields. It sputter up. Jack Favorville heard that tractor motor cough, clear its throat and bless the sun in the sky for taking a look at Bristol.
We ain’t bow-legged. We don’t have one shoulder taller than the other. Our ears do not resemble the wild rabbits of Sullivan County. We’re well groomed. Married since the middle 1800s. Still love each other. Live in the same town. We see each other in the street we say hello. We ask how’s the family doing?
One thing about Bristol is we got a phenomenon. Everytime the wind blows we hear it say the prettiest things. Course, sometimes it don’t make no sense.
We got a wind that talks pretty as you please. Sometimes on Sundays give sermons. Wants to save our souls. Saturdays the wind is just wild. It starts to go around blowing down stopsigns, billboards advertising the best sausage in Sullivan County. Ma’s Pork Sausage. It will cure you of every illness, ask you for a favor. Come over here,  big boy. Sit closer to me.
Then you got the wind on Monday. Taking liberties with farm animal stories. Cows that write thank you notes to the one that feeds it. The wind with its large imagination. Painting broad strokes all over town. When you get right down to it Aesop was a country boy. That’s a fact. He comes from east Tennessee. Aesop played football for Bristol. Hit a home run. He rounded the bases one time and slid right under the catcher’s mitt. Got called out. Why? He was born 620 BC. He’s older than the hills of Sullivan County.
The wind’s got nothing to lose. It starts out real slow, then comes the breeze --
“A pig robbed a bank today in Limestone, Tennessee. It came into the First National Bank, carrying a paper-bag and a gun. The pig demanded the teller fill up the bag with cash.
The pig drove away in red convertible driven by his accomplice a goat. The amount taken was not divulged. However it was in the range of six to seven thousand.
“I’ve never known a pig to commit a felony like that, “ Sheriff Tom Dawkins said.  “It’s quite unusual. They’re usually quite law abiding. This one was mean, selfish. Of course, pigs don’t go to church. They’re not allowed in. Maybe if pigs were taught the gospel this would’ve never happened. “
Anyone knowing the whereabouts of the pig should call the local police.
“I don’t know if I believe that pig knew what it was doing, “ Benjamin Hill said.  “I mean pigs don’t mean no harm usually. They pretty good behaving. Mostly they don’t break the law. Don’t oink on Sunday. Don’t no pig I know ever killed somebody. Though one chased me up at Watauga Lake. Bout near run me through. Toppled me. Me and my brother Andy was fishing and here come this pig up the hill and snorting like he was going to smash, trample us, snorting like he was going to eat us up for supper. I don’t know if it was a Mama pig or a Daddy pig. They both was defending their children, I’d say. But we got clear out of their and run back to the car. “
“I never had no problems with a pig, “ Stella Ann Bowman said.  “I can tell you ever pig I know’d was an honest pig.”
“I ain’t against the pig, “ Larry Glade said.  “Of course, they got to learn to obey the law. And most pigs do obey the law. They quiet. And don’t shoot nobody.”
“Maybe that’s because we scared them good, “ Johnny Wells said.  “They know what will happen to them. We got capitol punishment for pigs now. Passed the Tennessee legislation last April. And now look at what’s happened. Seven hundred thousands strips of bacon woke up frying in a skillet one morning. And the pig crime rate plummeted. The streets are safer. There are fewer pigs robbing banks, mugging people and shooting strangers. Ain’t the law great? Finally we’re getting tough with crime.”
“This was a deviant. One bad pig out of the whole bunch don’t make all pigs bad. Don’t you know?”
The wind always told that story when the sun was just about to slip behind the hills. If it knows better, it will wait all night just to peek out from the maple leaves, get a glimpse of Bristol in its birthday suit. We pretty. Birds sing like they know’d we was beautiful whe we wake up. The morning’s got things to do. I mean you don’t see no mornings with their hands in their pockets, do you? Just whistling and walking down State Street like they knew where they was going. Virginia or Bristol. Can’t tell one from the other because they’re twins. Identical from birth.
They screamed when they was born so so loud the sun stuffed its ears with paper towels.

Where's Bristol?

"Where is Bristol? Is it Bristol, Virginia? Or that other place. Whatcha callit. Oh, I just remember. My braincell got together and put their money on Bristol, Tennessee. It's that small southern town that sees double. So small you can put in your lapel and it will bloom like a red rose.
It's two of everything like Noah and the Ark. Only we got shoppimg malls and miniature golf course. I love thow windmills guarding the door. Slip a little white ball through the keyhole.
Word tell I heard some people get all homesick, if they cross the street. Can't cross the stateline without taking a deep breath. Knowing the air is better in Virginia. Yes. We got rivalry. Sometimes the Virginia side picks a fight. Sometimes the Bristol side waits patiently behind a bush and jumps out at Virginia, scares her half to death. She gasps. She falls to the grass. There are many moans and groans who deserve to understood. Does the Tennessee side have a stomach ache?
I know'd where Bristol was. If it got up and went I know that too.
'Do you know if that's where the Garden of Eden is? asked Clement Tolley. He turned his head first right, then left. ""Cause if you do, tell me. Can't see it on a road map,"". ""I paid five dollars for it. I can't find the Bible Belt. I know it's here somewhere."""
I been asking people for a good two hours. Whew! Nobody's got a clue. I need a bloodhound or a new map. I can't tell much from this old thing. How do you get to the Garden of Eden? Will somebody answer this simple, little question? He folded up his map and threw it to the ground. Then stepped on the map like he was crushing a tin can. "This is driving me plum crazy."
Mr Tolley finally asked this same question at a service station in Newpole, Pennsylvania. The answer he got seemed to please him.
Take a right at First Corinthians,: the gas station attendant said. Go straight up Leviticus and take a sharp right at Psalms. Then when you get to the intersection of Song of Solomon and Proverbs you turn up Saint Mathews. Keep going that hill till you get to Deuteronomy. Make a left, drive right past the Tower of Babel and eat stones that were turned into dinner rolls at a roadside dinner -- give a wave to Adam and Eve -- they're good people. Then continue on to Golgotha, three miles southeast past the sea of Galilee, straight to Palestine, the Mount of Olives, then on to Samaria and, if you've got the time, stop off at the arena where David and Goliath are fighting again. And then three blocks to King Herod's big palace, and after running along the Nile River, three blocks from site of the Battle of Jericho, veer sharply after the first red light at Babylonia, and drive right past the Red Sea."
And you're home free.
The Dog Who Loved The Lord

Lucy was a fox terrier, “ Faye Swanke explained.  “She always followed us to church. Lucy always at the church waiting for us. How she got to church before we did we never figured out. It was a mystery, like so much about dogs. Maybe that was what we loved about Lucy. She kept us guessing.
She never barked at the church. She seemed to know that making noises around the church wasn’t a good thing. She never jumped up on us when we came to greet us at the church, like she did at home. She didn’t even lick our hands or wag her tail. She just laid down in the grass. She’d wait patiently there for the services to end. “
“I think Lucy enjoyed going to church. She never tried to follow us into the sanctuary. She seemed content just to wait. She somehow knew how important church was to us. “
“After the services, Lucy would sit up. Sniff the air. She understood we’d be coming down the church steps. She liked that and she wagged her tail in anticipation. As well the congregation had become accustomed to seeing her, so it was common to find Lucy being petted. She was popular at the church. There being no other canines around to compete with. She stood out like a sore thumb. Not that she was out of place. Not in the least. “
“Almost from the first day Lucy accompanied us to church she got a lot of attention. And within a few Sundays of regularly seeing Lucy at church, she was called  “The Dog Who Loved God “ by Reverend Ederly, who would come out on the church steps and pat Lucy on the head.“
“How’d the like the sermon today, “ asked the Reverend as he scratched Lucy behind her ears. The whole congregation laughed.
Faye Swank smiled and said.  “Strange how Lucy had a few bad habits, like barking at the postman and chasing the neighbor’s cat. But after come to church she changed. Loves the postman, and we’ve noticed she even lets the cat hang around our yard without chasing her out.“
“Church does us all good. And why not a dog? It makes sense. And Lucy seems always excited to be at church. Her ears stand up every time someone says her name, which they do quite often. No one had ever heard of a dog who loved God. But now they do. “

Satan Bakes A Cake

Over the years, the East Tennessee Bake-Off Contest in Bristol has brought the best out in all of us. This year was no exception. Bristol pie making efficiency well known all over the world. And I don't mean all the way to Jupiter, Saturn, Mars. If they's anybody on them planets they heard of Bristol. We bake appple pies like the devil. We got the gift. We got lots of awards. Heck, they fill up the Grand Canyon; Blue ribbons, them flashy trophies that wink at you like they know'd you. Kissed your ring. Though there was one little hitch. A rumor was passed around that Satan was planning to enter the contest.
Can you confirm that? asked Midge Farrel. "What are the odds of that happening?"
It was all in a note passed around at St Andrews Methodist last Sunday, Mary Sweeney said. "It read "Satan is planning to enter this year's Bake-Off. Betsy Caldwell wrote the note and slipped it to Edith Powers who gave it to Pam Jay who gave it to Mildred Somerset who gave to Lilly Adams. And so on and so forth, until the whole of Sullivan County, Washington County and Greene County knew all about it. You could hear their knees knocking."
Who started that rumor? Clara Jenkins wanted to know. "That's the nastiest thing I've ever heard. It's a malicious lie. Everybody knows the Satan can't bake worth a dang."
Don't be too sure, Myrtle Shank said. "I hear tell Satan makes a great cheesecake."
Take that german chocolate cake over there. Think Satan baked that? Clara said, dismissing the idea with a wave of her hand. "Ha! He couldn't touch that with his pitchfork. And even if Satan did bake that cake, I don't feel intimidated. I think my fudge mocha supreme will surpass anything Satan can whip up."
Satan doesn't know his way around a kitchen, Pam Addley said. "He's more of pool-hall kind of a guy."
Desserts can be tempting, Mildred Somerset said. "The Devil made chocolate. I suppose you know that, don't you? Chocolate's the devil calling out to you. I can't tell you how often I've been tempted to eat chocolate. And I can't resist. I got chocolate on the brain."
Stop it, will you, Mildred? Terry Akens chided. "You think we're stupid?"
That afternoon the tasting of the baked entries in the contest began. The judges, three discerning judges sampled the desserts. They smiled after each bite and occasionally made yummy sounds. One judge would point at a dessert, as though to signify approval. Another judge would get a sort of spaced-out look in his face, like something stunned him. Each judge held a napkin in their hand. A fork or spoon lifted to mouth-level. Lips pursed. Then the fork or spoon disappeared inside the judge's mouth.

If a judged murmured pleasantly that meant something. If eyebrows were scrunched up that meant something too. If eyes were rolled that could mean anything. Between bites and swallows the judges sipped peach iced tea.
The judges huddled under a dogwood tree, and after deliberation pronounced the winner was Lilly Adam's strawberry shortcake. Applause went up and a cheer that a mortal had defeated Satan. Mrs Adams received a standing ovation.
Not far off, only a few hundred yards away, hunched behind a mulberry bush, a stranger with a red face scowled. He let out a cry, a shrill and hideous sound, like an animal would make if wounded, and immediately sprang upon his black horse and road off.

Sunday Rabbits

When rabbits started nibbling carrots and cabbage in the First Baptist church garden, Reverend Hinkley didn’t know what to do. “They come on Sundays and eat our lettuce, cabbage and carrots,“ Reverend said. “I don’t know how we going to stop them,“ the Reverend said. “I mean the church doesn’t appreciate having its vegetables eaten. Never knew there was so many rabbits in Bristol. Those poor rabbits must be ravaged. They nibbling away, and they can’t stop for nothing.“
“How do we communicate with rabbits? If he could impart some commonsense to the rabbit we might save our church garden. Rabbits don’t understand english. How to do you tell the rabbits anything? Explain the church is off-limits. That the church has special rights. And rabbits shouldn’t violate these rights. The Lord has reserved our territory, our sovereign ground. The church garden being a place of reverence, an essential part of the church grounds. A symbol of our faith. It being so glorious and beautiful. The rabbits should help themselves to someone else’s garden. I’m sure there are plenty of tasty cabbage and lettuce and carrots just up the road.“
“Prayer is always a good response in these dilemmas. Some years ago we prayed about the bear problem and we haven’t seen a bear since. And I remember the blue-jays that nested in the maple tree in the front-lawn of the church. They made the most awful noise during Sunday worship. You couldn’t hear yourself think. Then after praying about it, bring it up, merely mentioning it in passing, we never heard from the blue-jays.“
“We need to get behind this just as we did the others. And as a congregation pray that the rabbits refrain from eating the vegetables in our garden. Tolerance between rabbit and congregation needs to be strengthened.“
“This is a test. The Lord has sent the rabbits to test our resolve, our generosity and patience. It’s a blessing in disguise.“
“I think it’s a message,“ Clyde Barlow said. “The church or a member or members of the congregation have committed a sin. And as a result the Lord has sent us rabbits to eat our lettuce and cabbage and carrots. What else could it mean?“
Within a few days the Reverend had received various explanation as to why the Lord had sent the rabbits.
“Did you see that necktie Billy Brewster was wearing?,“ Catherine Hopper said. “Ugly ain’t the word for it. How could anyone wear that to church. Poke your eye out. And I seen Greta Paultz wear her sneakers to Sunday Worship. How uncouth can one person be? And did you see that hat Kitty McCall had on. It looked like she was wearing birdcage on her head.“
Lydia Gomez suggested there too many in the congregation was more concerned with golf, fishing, ballgames and watching television and going to movies. And a few who didn’t read their Bible as much as they should.
Tom Danicco, the choir director, blamed it on the congregation for singing poorly. “It’s embarrassing.“ Tom gripped. “They just aren’t filled with the holy spirit. Balloons, when you let the air out of them, sing better.”
And the complaints didn’t end there. “I seen Norman Street doodle on his church program,“ said Granny Hark.“ Ain’t that a sin? I think he was drawing a horse. Or something.”
“And women with all that make-up and perfume on,“ said Gloria Empson, eighty-seven year-old grandmother. You gotta put a gas mask on to sit in church. Gimme some air.”
And according to Luke Wells, “Some folks do things on Sundays they shouldn’t do. Paint their garage, mow the lawn, trim the hedges, wash their cars.”
“And I don’t mean to make a big deal about it, “Clarence Barlow said. “But ever since we stopped throwing horseshoes at the church I haven’t enjoyed going as much. The Lord knows we love horseshoes. Maybe he’s trying to tell you that.”
“I can’t say I know for sure,“ Sammy Gault said. He tapped the Reverend on the shoulder after Wednesday Night Prayer meeting and whispered into the Reverend’s ear, “I seen six, maybe six members of the congregation yawning. Three of them dozed off in church last Sunday. That could be it right there.”

Hunting Season

When Bobby Moon volunteered to drive a group of teary-eyed mourners to the grave side of his Uncle Carl, he never expected anything so awful could happen to him. It was a Saturday morning. Rabbit and squirrel season in Bristol, Tennessee, a small town where everybody knew everybody else. But on the way to the cemetery Bobby got lost. He took a wrong turn. It was an honest mistake anyone could make. A rather small departure from the funeral route which, as best Bobby could recollect, accounted for the hostility.
“Is that the idiot who drove you? “a lady asked one of Bobby Moon’s passengers.
“Uh-huh. That’s him.”
“Who does he think he is”
“Can’t you follow the car in front of you, buddy? “a man remarked with a haughty voice. He jabbed Bobby in the necktie with his index finger.  “Huh? Can’t you do anything right?”
“I asked for directions at the gas station, “Bobby said coolly. “But they’d never heard of the cemetery.”
“Why didn’t you ask the people you were driving which turn to take? “
“I did! “Bobby insisted. He felt relieved the man had lifted his finger from his necktie. Though the man was now shaking his head, a motion of disgust over the whole matter. They had arrived late to the funeral, missing it by a good half-hour.
“You never opened your mouth, “a lady who had sat in the backseat offered up. She grimaced at Bobby.
“I asked for help! “Bobby said,  “But all I got from the backseat was moans and sobs. “
“Moans and sobs? “the finger man repeated.
“Yes, “ Bobby told them. Bobby told them all, “Everybody was crying so loud I couldn’t hear myself think.”
“You never had a thought in your life! “a lady charged.
“Yeah. You’re right on the money with that, “ the finger man said.  “He hasn’t got a brain. Have you a brain? “
“I’ve got one, “ Bobby squeaked out. It wasn’t a nice thing to say to someone who was trying to help.
“How old are you? “the finger man wanted to know.
“I’m seventeen, sir. “
“Oh, you’re seventeen, are you? “
Bobby nodded his head
“What grade are you in? “
Bobby cleared his throat which was dry as a lunar landscape.  “I’m a senior in high school, “ Bobby answered
“It figures, “the finger man said, his arms folded.
A few moments later, mingling with the last mourners, Bobby felt his shirtsleeves loosen and droop. In those days he had the terrible habit of biting the buttons off his shirt cuffs and sucking on them like dinner mints. It wasn’t something Bobby did consciously. It just happened. He bit things. His fingernails, pencils, match sticks, paper clips, bottle caps, but mostly he preferred buttons. They have a nutty quality.
“Who’s the woodchuck? “ Bobby overheard a lady inquire.
“He’s the nephew, “ the man standing beside her said.
“The one who couldn’t find the funeral? “
“Yeah. That’s him. “
“That must surely be the dumbest boy in east Tennessee. “
Bobby cleared his throat, real loud, his uh-hum registered. But it did little good. There was no stopping the mourners they were glaring at him, and each of them held it against him, like he had deliberately taken the wrong route.
“They don’t mean nothing, “ Uncle Hank said. He could see Bobby was taking it all pretty badly. Nobody was heaving any rocks. But the bad-mouthing was picking up steam, rolling down a mountain of blame.
“They hate me, “ Bobby said.
“Nah, “ Uncle Hank shook his head.  “Nobody hates anybody in Babylon. “
“They got real mean looks in their eyes. “
“Nah. They all Christians. Born again. They just don’t like missing a good funeral. Folks like to see the dearly departed off. You know they kind of sentimental. “
“I feel real bad, “ Bobby confessed.  “Real god-awful rotten. “
“Don’t take it so hard. “
Bobby wandered off. He threw the keys in the car and took off through the cemetery. There were flowers scattered all over. Baskets. He murmured to himself. His thoughts long and sad and dark. And, in an attempt to comprehend it all, knowing every manner of affection and familiarity account for little more than empty gestures; as all words fall short, and seemingly the more good a person attempts for the dear departed the less they accomplish, for what was intended as appropriate may not merely be deemed inappropriate, but indifferent, far-fetched, reckless and not in the least bit accommodating or cordial.
He felt drunk with sadness. He least expected this. How could it have happened. The sad mourners and their blubbering tearful whimpers played in his ear. The mourners of all their genuine selves-perhaps more repugnant, more disrespectful for the bargain-the thing one should never forget he told himself over and over was that no matter how intensely one grieved one should feel even more deeply for those left to carry on.
When somebody is born in the next world, when a person leaves this one, having no more use for the human body, feeling so light- headed the spirit jumps up there in the sky, a high-flying soul, it’s all pretty much printed all about it in the local paper. How somebody went peaceful or not. How it happened and all.They write the prettiest words about people that ain’t around anymore. Everybody in Babylon felt so sorry that people were gone and all.
There were those that take it plenty hard, and there are others that don’t feel much. Those that do experience an interval of dysfunctional turbulence. An absence of mind, the body, too, sometimes found itself at a terrible fierce loss, irretrievably dumbfounded, while they spirit was rendered most feeble. Broke by sorrow, and the inner-self draws its strength from thoughts of escape, and the presence wears thin, ghostly, so transparent one’s efforts pretty much nearly all the time-fall short, and all that remains is the haunting-the touching of hands, the sad whispers, the knowing glances born in the corner of the eye and vanishing when needed most. When meeting the gaze of others, wishing to impart some meaningful fragment of ourselves, and finding we have only our grief to share, don’t help none.
Some folks don’t give in to grief. Some folks bumble. Bobby decided he was a bumbler. And bumbling was a thing of beauty, derived of that brainless state of mind. He meant no harm to anyone. So he didn’t jump off Watauga Bridge and drown himself, like he had wanted to do. When he got home he didn’t shoot himself with his shotgun. He didn’t eat rat poison or take a bath with the electric fan going. He ate a pork chops and biscuits and gravy. He went outside and gazed up at the stars and saw the moon was great big round and fat and pretty shining down on east Tennessee.
He felt so good he drove over to Millie Chamber’s house and knocked on the door and when she come out he spoke in a squeaky voice and asked her if she would be his girl. She being the prettiest and smartest girl in east Tennessee, and she said she’d think about it. And that he should come back sometime wearing a necktie and not them ugly overalls that smell like old stinky fish.
Holston River Sings A Hymn

Don’t interrupt a river when it’s talking. That’s what the sign says out on Holston River. It’s all right for birds to sing, fish to jump, just don’t interrupt the river when it’s telling you how to relax. Advising you on matters of romance, spiritual development. The river is big on prayer, reverence and going to church.
It may insist on you changing your diet. What books to read. Psalms, Saint Mathew, every beatitude under the sun. Newspapers draw fire from the river. Steer clear of politics. Check the weather, sports, local news is fine with the river.
The Holston River never lies. Never pulls your leg. It’s confident it can win you over. Just listen to the river. It’s all about noticing what’s happening in east Tennessee. If it asks you to gaze into it, take a look. The Holston River will show things that you need to consider.
Like that look you got on your face. The Holston River wants you comb your hair. Take off your glasses. Smile. Rivers like a friendly, congenial look. Don’t tip your hat. Make faces. Rivers got manners and they expect you to respect them.
The river’s got nothing against anyone in Sullivan County. Just don’t push your luck. The Holston River can get its back up if you start to tell it why you was born. What your purpose is in life. What you love to eat. The river don’t care about all that personal stuff.
It’s a philosopher. So mind your p’s and q’s. Listen to the river’s thoughts. Those ripples that occur with a fish leaps or rain falls on the shiny surface are deep. Kind of Zen Buddhist. Wrap around you like a warm blanket.
The river may talk to you in riddles. If the sun shines on it the river may talk in circles, squares, octagons, rectangles. It’s geometrical correct. Gets to the point. Knows all the angles.
Sometimes the river will murmur something beautiful. A sort of croon like Tennessee Ernie Ford. Make you understand rivers sing only to those it loves. And the Holston River got a fancy for people who live in Bristol. It wants to buddy up to us. Take us under its arms. Look us in the eye.
Break it to us gently. A river like Holston is wise. It exhibits the kindness of a good Samaritan. One of them people who would do anything for you. Give you the shirt off its back.
Wants to go home with you. Some think Holston goes everywhere. Turn on the tap when arrive back at your house. The river is with you. Building you up. Got to tell you how grateful it is know you. The bathroom shower speaks with the river’s voice. Soap and the river know each other. A wash cloth is the river’s favorite thing.
You wash your car the river comes out of the garden hose. It can’t understand why you can’t believe that water leaping out of the garden hose knows your name. Let that garden hose tell you what’s on its mind. We don’t listen to water. Even when it’s giving us good advice.
The river’s got nothing against the birds. It can’t convince them that fish are really good at making friends with creatures. The snapping turtle, the fish, the snake. Everybody loves the Holston River for its hospitality. Crawdads got the vote back in the 1800s. That’s how they elected frogs to public office.
A river is a small country. Kind of cool and wet. The Holston River has a population of a few hundred thousand citizens. Some swim around, others enjoy the cool, strange joys that only rivers know. You a crawdad it’s the place to be.
You fish in the Holston River you know everything about Sullivan County. The river will tell you stories that will curl your toes. It never makes excuses. It neve breaks a promise. The Holston River is there for us. We ain’t never going to take it for granted. It’s good to us.
The Holston River hear a child cry. It want to go and comfort it. Tell that child it’s going to be all right. If there’s a problem, the river will stand up and fight. Don’t you know it’s powerful and knows the difference between right and wrong.
It’s the Holston River who rings the church bells in Bristol. You come down to the river and you got to respect how it believes in people. Some much that when you look down on the shiny surface the river gives you a wink. Tells you there’s nothing you can’t do.
The Holston River’s got a mouth big as Sullivan County. It don’t want to scare you. It come up from behind you and tap you on the shoulder. You turn around. You didn’t know rivers could care so much.
It’s got some ideas. How you going to be happy? Ask you questions that puzzle your brain. The river knows things. The river will tell you the truth about love, about what it means to be humble. The river you see is enormous. It’s a legend. It’s a long legged body of water that sings like Tennessee Ernie Ford.
And if you care to listen, the river will break your heart. Tell you that blue sky tomorrow might not be so blue. Might be gray and wrinkled. The woods might not understand the stars and the moon. The rivers knows. Don’t think the elm trees don’t come to river for advice.
You take a dip in the river it will confide in you the wonders of nature. The river’s quiet when it hears speak. It knows that when people come out they need something from the river.
Each person wants something different. An old man wants to understand his life. A couple need marital advice. A dog needs a drink. Help yourself. What can a river do for you? It’s never something that rivers will deny you.
Rivers like Holston will gaze upon you with a golden eyes. Speak to you like you was kin. Remembers when you were little. No bigger than a catfish. The thing Holston River gives us is a gently push. Awakening that part us that needs to see and feel what rivers see and feel.
Every drop of water from the Holston River knows your name. So give some respect. Gather up a handful of the river and splash it on your face. What a river will do for you can’t be overestimated.
What it says makes the trees grow tall. Makes the birds sing. You ever hear an owl hoot it’s because the river made a good point. The morals of rivers are high. We can look upon as good examples to admire. You will never find a river that will turn its back on you.
They want us to know how much they love us. Holston River stuck on everybody in Bristol. Glad to see us. Everytime we see Holston River it’s beside itself. Delighted we took the time to visit. Sit on the shore. Admire the river’s quiet manner. You never know what a river will say to you.
You got to listen to the river’s thoughts. Come up to you and hold you. That’s the Holston River for you. It can’t stop giving us a break. You never going to see a river with such shrewdness. The Holston River will find a way to tell what it knows about you.
It knows you got places to go. Things to see. It’s just glad you stopped by on your way. Rivers don’t always talk to those who visit. It can hold its tongue. Be deaf as a stone. But for Bristolians it’s one gabby concerned neighbor. Just because it’s river don’t mean we can’t appreciate it.
It all surprises us. The Holston River depends on us. We’re each best friends. We grew up with it telling us what we needed to know. And it ain’t through. That’s why we come back. The river’s picks up where it left off. Right in the middle of a story. One of those Aesop fables that Aesop never thought up.
The river makes us happy, and for that we want nothing but the best for Holston River. We admire it for its many gifts. We’re grateful to rivers. They don’t ever fuss at us. They just listen sometimes. People can talk too, you know.
You tell the Holston River a thing or two. Mostly it knows more than a whole bunch of history books from the library. It remembers when you were born. That day the river was happy you come into the world. It heard you cry. It heard you murmur like a dogwood tree. You just one fine blossom. Another wild flower sprouting up on the hillside.
A river waiting an answer to a question. What does a river say to the world? If not the kindest things? Encouragement is what rivers give. A sort of unexpected pleasure that makes us feel brand new. That shiny surface. The river’s face all happy to see us. We never expect a river to be so concerned for our happiness. It can’t help itself. Rivers want us to believe in our selves. We’re satisfied when we go down to Holston River. It’s all waiting for us. It’s never impatient. It waits for us like an old friend.

Addresses Taking Their Time

Where you going to find an address that hides itself? Half an address is better than none. Maybe you see its face, its arm, a leg.  Where do you go looking for an address if not the place it calls home.  You go looking for an address on Windsor Avenue. Before you know it that address has rolled up into a little ball and rolled under a mimosa tree. Addresses love the cool shade. Hot days addresses need to find a place to take a nap.
One address i knew had no place to hide. So it just stayed right where it was. And when somebody come looking for it, the address gave them a strange look. Like they didn’t know anybody in Bristol. Just got into town. Never wanted to know anybody here. Unless they had reference letters. Maybe a big bank account.
One address knows another address. Recognizes it by its familiar way of standing around waiting for a bus. You can recognize an address as well from its voice. If it’s singing like Tennessee Ernie Ford, it’s Windsor Avenue.
Addresses know where they put their houses all in a row. They know where the elm trees live. Where the children play until dark. Addresses have a fondness for numbers. They find comfort in numbers. Hug them like a stuffed bear.
Addresses take their time showing you where they hide. Don’t come up to them quite like and surprise them. Addresses don’t appreciate the shock. They prefer a simple hello. Or a whisper. Addresses are sensitive. They want you to know that if you find them it’s all right. Addresses want to be found. On account of sometimes they get lonely.
Addresses take their time getting ready for church. They know it takes a spell to put on their Sunday best. Addresses love church picnics. They ain’t missed one yet. You think they’d know we cared enough for them to bring them along. We don’t deny our streets nothing. Let them help themselves.
If they want to curl up next to us, sit in our laps like a cat, that’s fine with us. We love to hear them purring. A whole bunch of kittens gathering at our feet. Licking milk from a saucer. The streetlamps petting each one, stroking their tails. Holding one kitten while the other crawls up on its shoulder. Gives you that kitten look which could charm a grizzly bear.
State Street has many addresses. So many they bunched together like apples in a fruit bow. Here come 460 West State Street. It’s carrying a basket load of flowers over to 568 State Street. The two are in love. Headed for the altar. Streets get infatuated with each other. They can’t help it.
Some addresses don’t like to be forgot. They line up and wave, call to you. I know addresses that can’t stop advertising themselves. Putting themselves out there. Alabama Street, Georgia Street. They’d rather you just keeping looking at them. They know they’re pretty. Addresses wearing bows in their hair. Red skirts, earrings, a necklace a mile long.
You gotta look. And then you’re hooked. The address is with you all the time. It wants to know everything about you. Do you sing country music. Play the guitar. Does a fiddle give you a sense of certainty? Do banjos confide you secrets of the Blue Ridge Mountains? Like do buttermilk biscuits do on their day off? Where’s bacon in Bristol? Has it forgotten all about what bacon does for a living? Our tastebuds will never forget the bacon that saved Bristol.
It was early one morning and everybody had run out of bacon. And they panicked. You know cause a breakfast without bacon can twist your arm. So fortunate for Bristol bacon give itself up. Like a true Tennessee volunteer. Come out of the woods where it had gone fishing with some sausage links.
Some addresses got two left feet. Some wear eyeglasses. High heels, red lipstick, carry a purse. They look like somebody’s aunt or unce. You want to ask them for directions. But you know better. Those addresses are shy, don’t look you in the eye. Standoffish. Don’t mingle. Except when there’s a yard sale or somebody’s throwing shower for a bridesmaid. Then they’re johnny on the spot.
The addresses love a pat on the back for telling us where bacon was hiding out. Addresses can save your life. You just got to listen to them. An address knows more than most of us. We depend on them to tell us where they are.
A lost address is like a child that got took. Runaway with the circus. We don’t like addresses that are careless. Foolish. We prefer our addresses to go to school, study hard, do their homework. So we can be proud of them.
Euclid Avenue has addresses that know the meaning of happiness. Them addresses are always getting flowers and candy. Addresses come from all over Bristol to come calling. Pretty soon all those addresses will be honeymooning in the Great Smokies.
You just want to cry sometimes. These addresses can break your heart.

Streets With Stars In Their Eyes

The streets in Bristol know where they’re going. Just don’t bother them about where they been. It’s a long story. Piedmont Avenue got an affection for Bristol. It ain’t leaving, no matter how many times the red light flashes, Moore Street’s always excited to see anybody, you can’t tell Moore Street to relax. It’s got a job to do.
We got skinny streets, plump streets, some streets with hour glass figures. Some of our streets don’t know when to stop eating biscuits and gravy. They love turnip greens. Them streets would walk a mile up a moutain for some tasty turnip greens. They probably wait all day for the dinner bell. Can’t blaime them streets for getting hungry. They go for days and all they gets is acorns, a few walnuts, maybe a half eaten peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
And everybody knows Moore Street is a hard worker. Volunteer Parkway. It’s got things to see. Things to do. You don’t expect the Volunteer Parkway to be sitting on the side of the road selling baskets of apples and peaches. It don’t go fishing nighter. It don’t expect a junebug to come buzzing around without asking permission to cross the highway. Somebody could get hurt.
Sixth Street plays the piano at church, Gate City Highway loves to hear a fire engine come around. Those fire engines have to get where they’re going. So they yell like they was at a hog calling contest.
Alabama Street checks its watch to see if the tulips are up and blooming. Georgia Street knits a sweater for the Blue Ridge Mountains, Holston Avenue in its best duds goes around trying to convince streets that it’s the best. Got a gift for whistling, make everybody happy by showing them a good time.
What’d you expect from street? You come around Bristol our streets will come right up to you and ask you for some advice. Do maple trees match my eyes? Should a street grow tall as the mountains? You can’t ask a street too many questions. They love the attention.
Every street knows everybody in Bristol. Know our names, where we went to school, what church we attend. A smart street knows you like a brother or sister. Streets love to tell us how much they care about us.
Streets remember way back. They know the time Davy Crocket come over their way. He was somebody streets can’t forget. Same for Tennessee Ernie Ford who the streets love like nobody’s business. Ol Ern had a way with streets. They followed him around everytime he was in Bristol, cane along behind him like puppy dogs.
Streets in Bristol don’t know why the car horns blow. It’s just they like to drive the streets a little crazy. Lift the lid on a street and you see they’re full of butter. It rains and streets don’t complain. It’s when streets get slick that streets don’t always keep their feet. Take a fall.
Bristol streets believe if you get to know them you’ll never get lost. You’ll always have a friend. You can try on a street like a summer coat. The pockets are always full of leaves, a few pinecones, don’t you know.
Bristol streets come and go. They get tangled in knots. They pull loose. It’s like robin chasing after a worm, only there’s a traffic light that decides when the street can move forward. Keep to the speed limit.
Bristol streets confiding in each other how much they want us to find our way. Find whatever gives us that certainty. A house where we grew up in. A school that taught us how to read. A public library eating a candy bar.
Those streets in Bristol teach us how grateful they are. Anderson Street, Windsor come over and chat. You never heard streets that knew so much. Those streets will bend your ear. Believe in every one of us. Give us their honest opinion on who we are. And why we was born.
Streets listen and tell us more secrets than the stars. Though the stars shine down on our streets. We see a puddle of starlight we notice it bears our faces. Knows almost as much as those tight-lipped streets in Bristol. Not always gabby. Just when you need to know what’s important. Windsor Avenue, State Street, Euclid will blurt it out.
We are apt to remember what Bristol streets tell us. They so wise. Got stars in their eyes. You can trust them to tell you the truth about things nobody else would confide.

Afternoon Sun Walks Around Bristol

The afternoon sun has these long legs. Boots. It’s got something on its mind. You know by its swagger it’s expecting a friend. If it finds somebody playing a fiddle, the afternoon sun smiles. It loves the fiddle. The guitar is what the afternoon sun lives for, too. The great duo gives the sun goosebumps, don’t you know. A banjo opens the door for sunlight to have a bite to eat.
Sunlight enjoys the company of county music bands. Follows them around, just itching to shine down on them. Let them in on what sunlight gives the world. A taste of everything worth living for. That’s sunlight at its best.
We don’t know in Bristol where sunlight goes when the sun goes down. We suspect it’s headed up north, visiting a sick friend.
Sunlight gets up early in morning. The birds welcome it with a few tunes. None of the melodies hurt sunlight’s ears. It smiles, nods its head. Lets them birds know they’re appreciated. Sunlight got flowers and vegetables to take care of. Got to treat them like they was rare. Corn isn’t afraid to bask in sunlight. Cause corn and sunlight have known each other a thousand years.
Cabbage and sunlight used to be married. Spinach was at the wedding. Who caught the bouquet? String beans that smiled like Minnie Pearl.
Sunlight that looks through windows around Bristol is just checking up on us. Seeing if we needed anything. It’s always a pleasure to hear sunlight’s side of the story. The night is very impatient. It counts the minutes until sunlight slips over the horizon. That’s when night’s open for business. Got nothing better to do but talk like Tennessee Ernie Ford. Hear them frogs, crickets, cicadas singing in the background.
The things that night does to claim its rightful place is amazing. Dark runs all over Sullivan County. Looking for the last bit of sunlight. And you know even a small particle of sunlight is singing and playing a guitar. Give itself away.
Sunlight is shy when it firsts awakens. Sings in that low whisper which Bristol knows is the sound that buttermilk biscuits make they come out of the oven. Bacon and eggs shout when they wake up, all frying in the pan.
That’s because sunlight is an omen of the new day. Sunlight with its easy way, perfect manners, never licks its fingers when eating chicken at church picnics. Never walks on the wrong side of the street. Never jaywalks, waits for the light to change. Never asks for directions.
Did you know that?

Mason Jar Full of Fireflies

Bristol never sleeps. It naps a few minutes here and there. It’s not because it can’t sleep, having so much to do. It’s because Bristol is full of energy. You never know when somebody wants to visit. Listen to the parking meters that play country music when you put your change in. It’s popular. Listen to your heart’s content to the whir and beep of country music. It does a body good.
We got country music that will pick guitars and play violins, banjos. Ovens, toasters, waffle irons, can openers, garage openers, hair dryers, electric tooth brushes that can sing you Conway Twitty, Tennessee Ernie Ford. Just push a button in a department store in Bristol and Johnny Cash will jump right out and sing you one sweet country ballad.
Start your car and the motor sings like Minnie Pearl. Dolly Parton at every gas station just waitingto burst out with a song. You hear country music if you turn on the radio. But country music comes out of places you don’t normally expect to.
Like those wool songs, pocketbooks, golf bags, fishing boats. You can hear Flatt & Schrugs everytime you start your lawnmower. Open the refrigerator. The telephone don’t ring no more. It’s got the Carter Family singing to you. The melodies could open a jar of honey and spill it all over Sullivan County. A mason jar full of fireflies sing you a church hymn. You know when you try on a new pair of shoes they start strumming guitars and playing those fiddles.
You can’t open a jar of mayonnaise without hearing Roy Acuff. The things they put in cans nowadays. Who knew country music would go places? I mean it’s in everything. Slice a little piece of ham and it sings like Ernest Tubb.
Some sports coats and dresses come ready with a few country songs from Tammy Wynette, Patsy Kline, Porter Wagner, Randy Travis, Hank Williams. You fasten a button on your shirt and you hear Ol Ern clearing his throat. I won’t even talk to about what happens if you try on that new pair of shoes. You get an earful of the Grand Ol Opry.
Tennessee Ernie Ford waits for us everytime we start a vacuum cleaner. He croons at the same time as he collects all the dust from our living room carpet. Ol Ern gets inside eggs. You crack them and you hear a church hymn.  “Sixteen Tons “ got a home in every box of cereal.
Look out, Bristol’s got them alarm clocks, where Ol Ern is itching to wake you up. Ask you for a cup of coffee, some grits, biscuits. Scrambled eggs and toast. Ol Ern is in every yippee in Sullivan County. He don’t know that yippee is the prettiest sound in east Tennessee. Almost as sweet as ‘howdy.’ Ol Ern has a voice delicious deep fried chicken. You take a bite and Tennessee Ernie Ford sings in your head. Once Ernie gets inside there’s no telling what great ideas will come to you.
It ain’t impossible to consider that all great thoughts that people have in the world come from country music. It was born in Bristol, you know. Kicking and screaming. We ain’t never had some much fun, as watching it grow up. We got photographs of country music in its diapers. Wanna see?

Why Bristol Can't Spell

Few years ago you wouldn’t know it. Nothing give us away. We was discrete and long as nobody bothered us we were fine with our disability. We were ashamed of it. Didn’t want anyone to know about it. Just look the other way.
But what happened was we fell from grace. We found out we didn’t spell so good. I before E, that juggling act. We weren’t always perfect when it come to putting words down on paper. The words hit the page and got all jumbled. Like they slipped on the ice.
Back then we was not careful about what letter went forward or back or just sat there twiddling its thumbs. The letters spun around and turned themselves into other letters, different from themselves. Letters with big lips and letters with big hips. You see a letter sitting pretty, then it’s plum out of Sullivan County.
We seen the collapse of the word, agonized by the wrong letter sticking it in eye. Jabbing that letter’s tummy with a long stick. That’s when you least expect a letter to stick its neck out.
Our lips reached out and grasped for anything we could.The letters take a leap and hide behind a bush. Bristol has nobody in town who can spell cat. What happened was the carnival come through and cast a spell over us. I think it was the cotton candy. That pecan ice cream scoop eyeballing us like we was buttermilk biscuits.
Every afternoon at two o’clock we all gather out at Steele Creek Park. Those picnic tables telling us to take sit. Relax. You will hear the birds tweet a word. And you will spell it or you don’t get pie for the rest of your life. Is that a sacrifice for us? I’d say it buried us in the sand. Tickled our toes and held onto our nose for spite.
We know the letters of the alphabet go racing naked into the woods. They dance and sing. Wiggle like something was biting them. Irritated by scent of mimosa trees trying to take up all the oxygen. The vowels giving us the raspberry.
There are letters old as the hills. Letters with bags under their eyes. Letters with broad shoulders, faces that might be familiar to the underground criminals. They’re the one who hold letters for ransom. Hide them in the shrubs. Behind your back. The letters tiptoeing through your brain. Letters that look like rain puddles. The big letters biding their time. The less important letters asking for a raise. How do you tell a letter you want it to be your friend.
What happened was that spell turned us into a small souther town -- Bristol. We can’t spell. The letters come tumbling out head over heels in love with tricking us. Pulling the rug out from under us. Making faces like grotesque gargoyles on the sides of historic buildings in Rome. That’s Italy. A square peg in a round hole.
Not like Bristol. We fit right in. Snap. The way a small southern town does when it knows it’s ahead by a mile. The minds of Bristol are brilliant. They can tell the difference between right and wrong. Eat fried chicken with fingers that speak french. Thumbs that could pull Sullivan County around a moonlit lake. We’re full of grits and buttermilk biscuits. Country ham is always on our minds. We’re wrinkled like the handkerchief that Davy Crocket had in his back pocket at the Alamo. We’re Bristol.
Trouble is when we write something down. It comes all mealy worms playing the bagpipes. We tried striking walnuts with a large stone. That’s what the cavemen used to do when they lost a conflict. The cruel punishment of a misspelled word ten years in solitary confinement.
We can’t spell a lick. That is till the change come around. We all gathered out at Watauga lake and moonlight come down give us a break. It shone right in our brains and give us the knowledge of how to spell like the Devil.
Now we spell everything we say. We allow neighboring cities like Johnson City and Kingsport to attend our week spelling bees. Our much honors guests the congress man, a tall guy with a tan. What his name? And who would care.
I can tell you everyone Bristol hates to lose a spelling bee. Since we’re the most erudite spellers in east Tennessee. Sullivan County romping all over, expecting all the Illiterate Southern Pussies to drag their asses over the finish line.
Dwight Cross always wins first place, because for some reason he can outsell anyone in Bristol. His head has more words flying around in his head. They perch on the limbs of worries. Lies are what the birds dread. They’re like cats that have crawled on a limb, ready break your heart.
The Spelling Scandal which had overtaken Bristol had shot itself in the foot. And the more I think of it those letters could’ve come out and saved the day. We didn’t have faith in letters. C is a good guy. L is a pretty lady. Don’t you take O for granted. Always show T to the door, if it gets too much to drink it starts an uproar. Wants to debate a glass of gin.
People from surrounding towns fear us. They don’t understand the turnaround. We’re spellers. Bristol is the most concentrate gathering of precision spellers. We play hardball. You think you can out spell us. You couldn’t out spell a bumblebee. You’ll be asking advice from a garden snail. Low creatures, nomads, grass dwellers, they often get stepped on. Squish is their death wish.
Bristol has buried them all in a pile of crooked letters. Congratulate us. Look forward to our dominance in the World Spelling in Stockholm, Germany. We got it in the bag. We’re the spellinest little southern town ever was born. Ever seed the light of day. That big orange sun patting us the hindered like chorus girls out there in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Just ask us to spell a word and we’ll peal it like an apple. Take the rind off and show off that soft underside. The letters taking their bows. Smiling like ballet dancers doing a curtaincall.

Law of Pie

Things in Bristol are governed by pie. We got the law of pie. If you caught drunk driving in the Bristol, you got to recite Bible verses and you can't eat pie for two weeks.
If you rob a bank, and kill two tellers, you can't eat pie for six years. If you cheat on your taxes you can't have pie for six months. And if you and your wife fuss and fight over nothing, like who shot the dog. You stop making love. One of you uglier than the other. Here's some pie. You need it.
If you go to church you deserve a piece of pie. If you dressed up nice and your shoes is shined, you get pie. But if you don't pray or read your Bible, if you use the Lord's name in vain, if you womanizing, drunk, gambling, cussing, you ain't getting no pie. Don't even ask.Everything in the Bristol are governed by pie. We got the law of pie. If you caught drunk driving in the Bristol, you got to recite Bible verses and you can't eat pie for two weeks. Not a single bite.
If you rob a bank, and shoot two tellers, you can't eat pie for six years. If you cheat on your taxes you can't have pie for six months. And if you and your wife fuss and fight over nothing, like who shot the dog. You stop making love. One of you acting and talking uglier than the other. Here's some pie. You need it.If you go to church you deserve a piece of pie. If you dressed up nice and your shoes is shined, you get pie. You do a good deed, like help an old lady cross the street, or open the door for someone carrying grocery bags, here's a pie. Help yourself. You deserve it. You are pie-certified. If you jump in the lake and save a child from drowning you get free pie from every restaurant. If you shoot a grizzly bear about to eat somebody, you have won yourself a pie.
The bakery down on West State Street has a sign in the window that says, 'Free Pie To Anybody Who Sings A Hymn.' They got a line down there a mile-long. People stand outside the bakery, hoping nobody runs out of pie before they can walk in a sing a gospel song. Yesterday it was blueberry, tomorrow it's apple, and don't you know the whole Southeast is excited about it.If you can pray real good, I mean really pray like Billy Bible, that famous child evangelist who everybody loves, you will receive more pies than you can eat. More pies than it's humanly possible to consume.
But if you don't pray or read your Bible, if you use the Lord's name in vain, if you womanizing, drunk, gambling, cussing, you ain't getting no pie. Don't even ask. Don't whine about it. Don't smack your lips and point at your open mouth and rub your stomach. You ain't getting no pie no how no time.
The Law of Pie was enacted in 1934, by the then governor of Tennessee, Hoyt Sallerby, of Bristol, Tennessee. He had a vision that if society was governed by who was allowed to eat pie, punishing undesirable behavior by denying people the right to eat pie, we could arrive a state of utopia.And that's what has happened. We want to eat pie so bad that we have changed.
Got no hoodlums in Bristol. We have only a scarce number of liars. The small portion of Bristolians who like like a snake out at Steele Creek Park. Ain't been out there for a few weeks. Though I can tell you the bluegills and the small mouth bass are biting like mosquitos.
We lost all our hoaxers, pickpockets, gamblers, finigling husbands, immoral gazers of photos in girly magazines. The preacher's wife Thelma Hodge she found a girly magazine at the bus depot. Took it home, put it in the dishwasher. IT came out the Ladies Home Journal.
We're happy to know that Pie love us. We didn't know it had a thing for us. Now we're plum crazy about it. We're loyal, give it the eye at church picnics. Pie loves to see how many people in Bristol are devoted to it.
The crust of pie is made in Heaven. We don't know how the bakery does it. One of them miracles that you just don't question. Let your lips accept the bounty of pie. The slice has no intention of disappointing. It's right there under our noses. Looking up at us like we were noble. Good people that enjoy a slice of pie.
The unwanted people in Bristol have almost vanished. They left years ago. Taking with them their anger, frustrations, petty feelings, doubts that the Lord was attending to their needs.
Pie stopped everything wicked. We don't shoot nobody in Bristol. We don't fight them over little things. They stopped robbing when they understood the consequences. No pie. Nothing that speaks of apples and cherries sitting on a fork came their way. Because they violated the law of Pie.
It's in the books in Bristol. You go to court when you done something illegal like go to fast us Interstate 81. Fly along the Parkway. Causing reckless endangerment to those around you. What's the judge to suppose to do? Got to enforce the law. So he pounds his gavel in the courtroom, announcing your fine of a hundred dollars. You broke the law of pie.
Criminals who have robbed banks would not think of doing it again. Because they have paid the price. Anyone who sells illegal drugs cannot have pie. Can't buy a pie. Their lips will never touch a lemon meringue or apple or cherry or pecan or pumpkin pie. Same goes for pickpockets, embezzlers, kidnappers, rapists, burglars and arsonists.Failure to pay your rent or utility bills in the state of Tennessee will get you on the 'No Pie List.'
Use profanity and you go right to the top of the list. And if you smoke or drink too much or gamble or get into a brawl at the local pub, your pie privileges will be suspended indefinitely. If you get caught speeding in your car, if you run a stop sign, if you tailgate or use your cell-phone while driving, what do you think will happen? That's right. No pie.
Of course, for good god-fearing people, the Law of Pie is easy as pie. But there are those who can't find it within themselves to obey the law. And for them, the Law of Pie is tyrannical, unforgiving and all encompassing. It's one dessert that governs us, teaches us how to live within the Law of Pie.
For them that live outside the Law of Pie, you'll know them because they will be sickly and scrawny. Not eating pie robs the body of nutrients and minerals. Let this be a warning to renegades and ill-mannered folks. Pie has spoken.

Dogs

As different as we all are from each other -- each of us being unique citizens of Bristol. A city with the personality of Tennessee Ernie Ford. Talks like Ernie, walks like Ernie. You can see his likeness in every drop of rain. Snowflakes know all about Ernie.
We got some odd dogs in Bristol. They fancy themselves as eccentric. A dog with a bone to pick. It’s not always the same thing. They dislike birds because they think they can sing. Love flowers like they were worshipping dogs with their french perfumes.
Some of the dogs in Bristol don’t bark, or wag their tail. A small minority have never in their lives howled at the moon. It’s bad taste. You don’t raise your voice at the moon. Have a littler respect.
A few dogs embrace the outdoor life. Love the fresh air. The smell of rabbits, squirrel, chipmunks, polecats. Show me a dog that doesn’t chase red foxes and I’ll show you an under achiever. The dog that has never been loved suffers greatly. The need for food so great it hides the dog’s faith.
They have no sense of worth in the world. They just play in the yard, nap and eat whatever is placed into their tray. It’s a tradition. Dogs worship everybody in Bristol. Dogs dig a lot. Sometimes they’re burying something. The shimmering starlight. A clump of it to cover with dirty. Save it for a rainy day.
The dog that bit people because they don’t love god. ‘Jolly’ was his name. A genuine pathological liar. Always bumming for something to chew on. Lunatic asylum in the garage. Loves to play ball. You throw a twig and Jolly would run after it like his life depended on it.
I remember that guy. He failed to understand the importance of family. Always a few dogs who leave the litter and don’t keep in touch.
Not every dog gets in the newspaper. Everytime Jolly bit somebody people wanted to know the religion of the injured party. Did a hole in a dress or trouser serve as a badge of courage. Or was it punishment to the unbelievers. Methodists, Lutherans, Catholic, Jews, Presbyterian those were the lucky one who never got bitten.
A God fearing dog could protect Bristol. And Sullivan County to rid itself of foxes getting in the hen house. The need for chicken eggs is crying out in Bristol. It even recorded a hit record. ‘Let’s Scramble Up Some Eggs.’ Remember?
Dogs had our backs. Protectors of their masters. The first order of business. Dogs know loyalty, obedience, obsession with trees.
Defending us from intruders. A sordid bunch of cats in the neighborhood. Got to teach the felines not to fool around with their betters. Dogs being superior in every way to a cat. Because the growl has amazing powers. Makes birds fly. Squirrels, rabbits jump over mountains.
Isn’t that a lovely thought? Bristol had dogs that would watch us, follow us everywhere. Jump in the backseat of the car and stick their heads out the window to watch the buildings, houses fly by. Dogs got addicted to riding in cars. They even like being taken to the vet. Dogs love to lick our hands. Dogs jump up in our laps and mumble their indebtedness to us. Master. Bringer of the full bowl. In between meal treats that make the dog’s head sing ‘The Star Spangled Banner.’ Thoughts don’t come along too often like that.
Remember mean old Jolly the spotted cocker spaniel who bit atheists all over Bristol. That dog been to church too much. Jolly got pious around that time that its brother Teddy got throwed off the wagon. Cause he barked at the moon. He never liked the moon, because it made fun of Teddy. Cause Teddy had a nose that made him look sophisticated. Like a golden retriever. Only Teddy did have the looks, the charm, the stylish manners of Basset Hound. He never understood his life. He died in a bus wreck out on Interstate 81. Got run over by a tractor trailer full of frankfurters. As a dog he needed self respect. Couldn’t understand why birds sang. And how was birds could fly and dogs couldn’t. What’s up with that?
The urge to bite what you don’t understand became great for Jolly. The doubters always walked slowly, never certain of where they were going. When they spoke they said very little. And what they said said even less.
Jolly expressed an interest in causing them pain. Frightening them all over Bristol. Windsor Avenue was his beat. Anderson Street got his full attention. He was terrified that he might be asked to explain himself. Dogs with a dogmatic attitude sometimes call attention to themselves. A dog’s life is a popularity contest. You got sit up, beg, roll over, play dead. It’s all about chasing a red rubber ball across the backyard. That ball is what gives dogs a reason to live.
All they got to do is believe in the Lord. What’s wrong with those dogs who don’t understand the way the world works. It all works for the Lord. We’re here because he asked us to pay a visit.
Jolly stopped his tail last year. Never licked anyone’s hands. He never recovered from his broken marriage. His daughter drowned at Hungry Mothers Park. Got to feel sorry for him. He just ain’t the dog that he was. He’s dog that his hopes taken away by a bulldog. Never got a break. The rain chased him all over Sullivan County. It had a thing for him.
He could see his face in every rain puddle. And everytime he glimpsed himself he filled up with terror. His muscles tightened, the blood went racing around his brain until all he could was shake his tail in surrender. He gave up. Dogs should be dogs. They should learn how the world is run. There are things you need to know if you’re a dog. Most dogs know all about God. But Jolly had other ideas.
Always wagged its tail as I walked by. He never approached someone emerging from a pool hall, or a bar. He strictly wouldn’t bark at them. He whispered to himself. How they need religion. It was as plain as the nose on his face, that there were a few people who didn’t love the Lord.
They all smelled like tobacco and cheap wine. They walked along State Street with their shoulders drooping. A gleam in the eye that never quite sparkled. The dull expressions on their faces had nothing good to say. They quietly made their way through the yellow puddles of sunlight. No splashing, the luminous ointment light as air. Dousing the whole human race. Long as you see that yellow ball of light up there, it’s taking care of you. Sure you understand. Why don’t you get right with God.
Teddy chased atheists out of Bristol. He bit them. Said things he didn’t mean. Yet couldn’t help himself. They just come out and growled. He snapped. Broke the dog’s law about biting humans. Didn’t remember the consequences. Shame that accompanied him all over Bristol.
When he found an doubter. He leaped at them. Eyes big as the moon. Mouth open and those pearly white teeth grinning in the sunlight of a beautiful day in Bristol. He had no questions to ask. He proceeded to attack. Tore their trousers and you don’t want to know what did to Joe Baltimore. That time Baltimore told three fellows in the bus depot that God was coming in on the four o’clock bus.
And you know what happened? The truth is they waited and waited. Until the both of them after a few hours of reading the newspapers, eating three bags of salty peanuts, drinking an orange soda, two bags of M&Ms, they realized what was happening. And they said they seen God in the woods, all them pretty cedar trees doing their duty. Green running around everywhere. Teaching the leaves and grass a thing or two. Like don’t smile all the time. Lend a frown. Knit your eyebrows. Look down your nose.
We had sympathy for the disbelievers. We sent them get well cards. Saying we hope they will recover soon. We felt real bad about the damages. Though writing those condolences was sad. The words come out like monks in a monastery. Some words not worth a bag of chips. We did our best to say we’re awful sorry.
What you going to do?
#NAME?

Physiognomy

Double chins in Bristol have all the fun. A chin that don’t jump up and down ain’t enjoying life. When you see a chin in Bristol jumping rope you know it’s got life by the tail. Just because it’s got some extra padding don’t mean it’s special. Just that double chins know everything good in life is covered with butter.
Noses don’t ask questions. They sneeze when somebody comes around, looking for a nose that knows something that it don’t know. Like what Tennessee Ernie Ford’s nose was really like. Did that nose waddle down State Street. Did Ol Ern’s nose sneeze. Bring our town good luck. Some noses in Bristol believe that country music will cure the common cold.
The best noses are those that keep to themselves. Don’t tell you tell you what to do. Or gossip about what the wild deer in Sullivan County. What the birds know in Bristol would fill up a book.
The smiles in Bristol give a right answer comes around Bristol, asking for directions to the nearest bus stop. They come up to you everywhere.
Moore Street got some noses that will tell you the truth about everything. They spill the beans quite regular like. You can’t get a word edgewise with a gabby nose. Sometimes noses go to movies. Think the dark of the theater will confide some truths they don’t know.
Sometimes noses along the streets gaze into shop windows to see what other noses see. Noses know the best way to enjoy Bristol to walk past pastry shops, flower shop, grocery stores, restaurant. Take in them scents are born from butter and bread. Them scents fumble for something to say. Get it out just when you walk past them shops.
Sometimes noses crawl up them tall buildings. They look down at all us people. They jump down and land right in the middle of a crowd. Go around asking for a few cents to buy themselves a new bouquet of roses. Noses know a good buy. You think you know noses. But they fool you. Don’t ever play checkers or gin rummy with noses. They win every game.
A mouth in Bristol gives the right thing to say. It’s all carefully planned. Those big mouths don’t understand what the small mouths are doing talking about things that don’t mean much. Don’t allow much to cross their lips. They quiet like church mice. If they say anything at all, it’s about where do the ears go when they’re not listening? I never seen so many ears in Bristol perked up when country music starts to open its brief case. That fiddle come out and turn the air sweet. The guitar tune jump down from a blue sky. Kiss you right on the cheek.
You figure words would come out and take their chances. But they like to play it safe, you know. The lips have nothing to lose. Lipstick gives lips the right to say hello, how you doing? Where’d you get those shoes?
Eyebrows arch their backs and hiss like cats in Bristol at anything out of the usual. Corn on the cob playing the piano. Green beans reading the afternoon newspaper.
The eyes take their places, never sipping what they can’t gulp. Drinking in the whole city of Bristol. Eyes go all over town looking for a place to eat. Maybe buy a new summer dress. I seen eyes in the grocery store looking at carrots, squash, water melon. The eyes know a good buy when they see it.
Most of the eyes in Bristol believe what they see. And some days eyes see what they yearn to see. Somebody coming out of a bank looks familiar. It could be Tennessee Ernie Ford, Davy Crocket, Dolly Parton. You never know.
Can’t fool our eyes. We see right through people. We notice how good they are. How religion gets inside us and changes everything. Rearranges our thoughts, puts them in order.
Eyes know what’s best for Bristol. They want a city so pretty and charming tourists will want to invite it home for dinner. Learn all about us. How we discovered county music. That first recording took the whole world by surprise. We ain’t bragging. We just recognized a good thing when we heard it.
Come out sweet, chirping like sparrows at our window. It changed the world. Ears from all over heard that first recording. Done took them up. They ain’t come down yet. When they do we’ll be waiting for them.

Tennessee Ernie Ford's Mustache

Tennessee Ernie Ford had a pretty mustache. Just to see it was kind of a delight. It was good to see it wiggle, curl up into the corners of his mouth, as though it was kind of shy. Coming from a small town and all, like Bristol. Where mustaches come and go. The beards envious of every mustache in town, owing to the mustache’s charm. Courage, don’t need all that extra hair all over its chin. No self respecting mustache wants a beard for a friend.
That mustache is as famous as the Mona Lisa smile. Better than ham and grits. Buttermilk biscuits don’t stand a chance. Tennessee Ernie’s mustache done won the race. Come across the finish line like a champion. Like a heifer at county fair that got a blue ribbon, Tennessee Ernie Ford’s mustache is one beauty. Won the swimming suit competiton. Talent wise it’s got a lot on the ball, for a mustache it can dane and sing.
There ain’t nobody who saw that mustache that didn’t know it was kind, Christian mustache. You know one of those mutaches that went to church every Sunday. Never missed a chance to go to Wednesday Night prayer meeting.
Either way when that mustache moved it had a way about it. Kind of charming, ready for whatever come along. And for mustaches that could be a load.
You kind of watched Tennessee Ernie’s mustache. Hoping it was all right. Cause you wasn’t sure if it was alive and kicking. Did the light wake it up? Did that mustache know what hit it, when the spoonful of green peas come over the drawbridge?
The upper lip was mighty proud to sport that mustache. It could’ve been jealous. But upper lips don’t envy mustaches. Cause mustaches get all the attention. Take the fame away from the lips.
The mouth from which all songs are born. Tennessee Ernie Ford could croon like a man born to sing country songs. Loved those church hymns he come out with. I think he saved more souls than you could shake a stick at.
That mustache was a country music star. Thin, not grizzly like a grizzly bear. It just kind of laid there like it was taking a nap. It sung hymns, more spirituals than a coon dog on a hayride. Country music was minding its own business. Just checking out all the new sports coats and suits in The Blue Trousers, you know that mens clothes shop on West State?
One summer not too long ago I heard a familiar voice in Bristol, Tennessee. And then I went over to the Virginia side of Bristol. And I hear it again. The voice came from a man who was sitting in a barber chair getting a haircut. Smiling when the scissor went to trimming his mustache. I’d seen that mustache before. The hairs were leaping off like little birds. Dropped on the floor, got whisked right up by the mechanical vacuum cleaner that tsk-tsked over and ate them a roll of peppermints everybody in town got at the carnival last night.
And suddenly I realized what had happened. Tennessee Ernie Ford’s moustache had come back to town. How’d that happen? Would you tell me? It was sitting on somebody’s else lips. A guy named Alfred. He didn’t no more looked like Ol Ern than Ike Eisenhower. He was bald, bushy eyebrows that waved at you when you walked by.
Country music lives in Bristol. It walks all over town, looking in shop windows. Sees its reflection in a bank window. Often as not it’s on the radio. Looking out from a TV at all its fans. We love country music because it loves us right back.
Country music’s got a reason to do what it does. Might be boasting but I say country music has a lot a living to do. It works hard at the factory. It’s married to its high school sweet heart. Would swap for a million follows. She’s country music favorite girl.
Country music needs mustaches. All the mustaches it can get. Cause mustache give country music what it needs. Hair on the upper lip. Just biding its time till the song pulls into the station. The conductor goes through the cars, collecting tickets. Destinations all over Sullivan County.
Country music goes around Bristol, never breaks the law. It doesn’t speed when it drives its car. Loves to fish, hunt, play golf. The golf ball is country music’s favorite toy. Drive that ball down the fairway. Putt into the hole. That’s country music.
What good are mustaches if you don’t know what they love? The mustache struggles to overcome the mouth’s inefficiencies. What does a mouth know that the mustaches doesn’t? The mouth accepts its role as inferior to the mustache. And when it come to Tennessee Ernie Ford’s mustache, most mouths took a backseat.
You meet country music in Bristol. Usually at a mall, outdoor music hall. There are those who discovered country music in their youth. They heard something in the backyard. It was country music playing on the swings.
Country music loves church picnic. Talk and singing on the radio. You never seen nobody happier than country music when people dance to it. Country music just thinks that’s grand. Something extraordinary. That people would get up off of their chars and move to the rhythm of the melody. A twang for every note. A sacred truth that come dipped in butter and you could spread all over your biscuit.
You can catch country music at a high school dance, or run into at the circus out on Interstate 81. It’s always wearing a brown suit, polished shoes, carrying a suitcase full of its belongings.
Country music’s two hundred boy scouts at a jamboree. Country music is a flock of wild geese singing like a honky tonk piano. Elvis Presley shaking his hips. Singing ‘Jailhouse Rock.’ Listening to the girls scream like they seen Bella Lugosi. He’s got his black cape on and he’s ready to bite every girl in east Tennessee on the neck. Turn them into a vampire bat that flies around Sullivan County on Saturday night looking for love.
Country music’s got curly red hair. It’s Jerry Lee Lewis eating a candy bar. Loves to pitch horseshoes. Eat pork skins, believes that Davy Crocket was King of the Frontier. Killed a bar at the age of four years old. country music knows more than anything. Don’t ask country music for a dime. It spends all its money on corn, beans, butter, eggs. country music believes bacon is the truth. Tell you the mysteries of east Tennessee. Like what do fish leap at Holston Lake? Cause love is in the air. country music loves a good yarn.
Country music plays the guitar. Rides in a long black limousine. Every song stretches its legs out from one end of Sullivan County to the next. I love country music that gives everything it’s got. Never tries to lead you off the beaten path. Never fishes in a shallow stream.
The county music I love has a deep throated vibrato. It has the courage to walk across the cool waters of rthymn and blues. Never drowned once. Maybe got wet a few times. Nothing to worry about. Still got its mustache. Get it wet and you’ll need a hair dryer. Some little guys with white towels to climb up your chin and mop.
Truth is love sings in a country band. Loves in the choir. Plays pinochle every Wednesday night. It wears a size eleven shoe. Comes right out with what’s on its mind. Sometimes it’s having more fun than it should. Love’s never one for jumping ahead. Likes to take it slow. Never gives the time of day to a nothing. Nothing, the one thing country music dislikes, because nothing ain’t no good. Never amounted to anything.
Country music is a dog barking at a wild bird. One summer when I growing up in Bristol country music jumped out of the radio and hugged a whole crowd of kids coming out of the Cameo Theater. It was so glad to see it. Couldn’t help itself.
Country music’s got a way with words. Talks in that soft voice like it was telling you a bedtime story. Tucks you into bed. Sings a lullaby. The hope is that every child will grow up into somebody. Maybe be a high school teacher. Geography, Algebra, Physical Education.
Of course, silence is not much of an alternative. It’s what happens when country music goes home. Has dinner, relaxes, maybe eats a slice of apple cake. Silence ain’t always kind. It’s cruel to country music. They don’t like each other. They come from different necks of the woods,
Silence can’t tell you anything. It never reads anything. It’s illiterate as walnut. The most intelligent thing nothing does is bait a hook with a worm. Worms don’t mind being hooked up by nothing. It’s no bother at all, really.
Country music loves blackberry jam. Would do anything for a ham sandwich, two tall glasses of sweet tea.
You see country music when you see a red fox chased by a coon dog. Now that’s some kind of spectacle you need to see, if you’re somebody who grew up in east Tennessee. We love the chase. Love to see red foxes get treed. That’s country music dripping down from the leaves. Takes our breath away.
Why would country music live in Bristol? Cause it loves our town. Bristol got country music wrapped around its little finger. Do what it’s told. Clean the houses. Wash the clothes. Trim the lawn. Sweep the sidewalk. Wax everybody’s car. Country music will clean out the garage. Go fishing with you. Hunting rabbit. That’s country music.
If you know country music you know a lot more than nothing. Country music went to school. Got good grades. Nothing played hooky. Never did no good for nobody. They’d throw nothing in jail if they thought it would help.
Nothing ain’t amounted to nothing. Country music’s got the advantage there. It’s got so much to recommend it. Why do you think everybody in Bristol loves country music. Because of its good looks? Red hair? It’s because country music was born in Bristol. Right here. Wouldn’t you be proud of that blessing? It keeps company with us because it’s one of us.

Men Without Ears

All around Bristol there’s a rumor that men stopped listening. Or was it because they lost their ears. Fell off one day when they leaned over. Haven’t used them in ears in years. Use it or lose it. That’s what you need to remember about ears. We need to listen more. So ears won’t feel relegated to ornaments.
And then when our ears get out of hand. Started to speak sometime around the nineteenth century. Arguing over which was more important -- the cabbage or the corn. Peas, string beans never got a break. Squash, spinach understood their fate.
Why can’t two ears get along? Don’t agree on nothing. They’s a feud going on. Sometime they ago ears stopped listening. Stopped talk to the brain. That’s when we all got into trouble. They’s things that we say to each other we need to hear once in a while.
Now it’s katie bar the door. One can’t go anywhere without ears telling off each other. You know ears could talk till they heard about Tennessee Ernie Ford? And then all they could do was praise him. Shine a light right down on him.
He was brighter than the Stone Castle on Saturday night. That football field lit up, all the players running mourned like tadpoles in a fishbowl. The green saying the sweetest things about Bristol. We love our ears. We couldn’t hear much without them. Yes, we know they don’t always get along. But we’re in it for the long haul.
When ears get to doing what’s right they can do the job.
When men first got ears they let just anybody in. A pin drops somewhere in Sullivan County we hear it. Soft as a kiss. A caress that moos like a cow. You look in somebody’s eyes you could see a little girl in a bathtub, playing tag with her rubber duck. Watching the waterfall from the spigot. Sunlight dancing in every drop. Passing it our free passes to the circus.
They got tongue ten miles long. Ears do. Every seen eat lunch? Read a newspaper? Take the tiger by the tail? The ears which they know are honest, hard working. Ears that walk the dog. Ears that seem out of touch. Ears with their wallets out, counting their money. Licking their fingers to make certain the bills don’t get stuck. Wag them tails like dogs greeting children coming off the school bus. Just let your ears go. Watch them fly around the yard. You know ears have no legs. They sort of land on what you say to them. Take it in. Like it was a stranger.
Did you know women got ears? Who knowed? The company of ears for men is optional. A lady’s ears wear crystal balls, pearls, shiny baubles. The earrings know how to coax the sunlight from the corners of a room.
Men have ears, though they don’t always hear things. The holes in the sides of their heads are mysterious filled with saw dust. A thin veneer of smugness, which is a lot like molasses, only you wouldn’t pour over pancakes or waffles. The stuff is stinky, sticky and just don’t like anybody. Tastes like old stardust. Only it don’t go well over toast.
Men don’t always take advantage of auditory powers. Something jump out of somebody’s mouth men hope it don’t get injured. Maybe it’s got a marichute. Don’t want to see anybody suffer unduly. If you hear an ear sob it’s usually over something serious. Like the buttermilk biscuits got burned up. Do you think they’ll put them charred pork chops in the newspaper. They sort of got their feet wet in that gravy. Then they throwed into the fire. Never heard pork chops say so many ‘ouches.’ Must’ve been three dozen, give or take an ouch.
Women can hear men getting up from their afternoon naps. It starts with a whimper, then somebody hissing like a cat. The sound of man’s heart is a wagon coming over a hill. All full of old possums and raccoons.
Every night in Sullivan County the moon goes to sleep reading a book by Sam Clemens -- ‘Huckleberry Finn’. Perches right up in an elm tree. The moon with its feet dangling down.
Every night the rabbits and squirrels gather to hear the wild deer tell them lies. If the beavers and ground hogs want to hear they’ve got to come closer. Get right up on that wagon.
Some nights there’s a whole caravan rolling around Sullivan County. Someday they’re going to circle Bristol. Everybody get out and go home.

Sparrows of Sullivan County

Wherever you go in Sullivan County you can hear the birds warbling about that time in Bristol when the sparrows took to building nests in people’s houses. One on the roof, another on the gutter. Where trees stood beneath the blue sky of east Tennessee those birds fiddled with instruction book on how to build the best nest in the civilized world.
The sparrows were the ones who stepped forward. They couldn’t the cry of humanity. It came out all covered with butter and bacon licking our lips. Buttermilk biscuits -- didn’t know they mumble, muchness croon.
The sparrows in their quiet demeanor managed to burst with ballads. Love in the country being a popular sport. You dip your line into the water. And hope to die you get a bite. The fish at night don’t always look carefully where they’re going. So there’s a possibility you could meet your match.
The sparrows all wore their best feathers. They came to Bristol for only one thing. And it was to understand why country music wanted every bird in Sullivan County to sing along.
Oh, at the beginning every thing was hunky dory. The hot air had hit the fan. The answer they received was disappointing.
Told it was none of their business. And besides, who talks to a bunch of birds. Can’t sing worth a lick. I much prefer the radio to some amateur gurgling in the treetops pain in the rear end.
What came about would astound the orange ball of light that creeps over the mountain, checking to see if the stars are willing to slip into their night clothes and fly away.
Sparrows would declare as witnesses to the birth of Country Music in Bristol. When that record come out it played around. Got an odder to travel the world. Believing in country music was popular. It caught on like a jack rabbit after the carrots of Sullivan County. Now you know I’m talking the sweetest carrots in east Tennessee.
The sparrows gave into their pleasures. The ears of sparrows had never experienced the country song. Everyone wearing a straw hat and blue jeans. Suspenders not required. But let your conscious be your guide. Them notes took off for London, Paris, Rome.
The sparrows believing that country music would bear their fortune. And so it was necessary to seal the deal. Tie the knot. Ask every dot on the line. A question that lives in Bristol. What you got?
The sparrows recognizing the obvious. They would die as a species unless they sang country music. The Carter family had heard some tone deaf sparrows singing in the backyard of their Kentucky home. That’s why they put so much time into teaching them sparrows how to sing country music.
You need strings, horns. Let the guitar walk the last mile. What sparrows got from those wonderful rehearsals. When they broke a glass bottle bobbing at Watauga Lake. The sparrows’ voice not knowing their own strength went to yoga classes to learn how to relax.
Before they cashed in their chips. Never bet on red when blue is looking you in the face. The sparrows counted their chickens prematurely.
Yes, the dread was awful. Expectations high. The frogs looked forward to each recital. The country music jumped over the moon. It hit the whole forest, all of Sullivan County, right between the eyes.
Sparrows singing like Tennessee Ernie Ford, Dolittle Johnson that famous banjo strumming basset hound from up in Washington County. Who knew dogs could sing as well as good old southern boys and girls. Cause you know in Bristol country music takes the cake. It’s everything we got. And more. Don’t you ever leave us behind. We couldn’t take it. We’d wilt like flowers.
Sparrows booming out at all hours gospel songs. Love ballads. Every song a boxcar full of the slang we love. Don’t you just love lyrics that say ain’t and y’all. Do you think country music can soothe our pain? You think country music will take away our grief? Drink it down in one gulp. Swallow. The world suddenly a better place.
Plum gone on country music. Sunk their beaks into it. Lived it. Slept it. All day and night devoted to the twang of recently emerging country star. The sparrow. Rising in Sullivan County. You walk by and they serenade you. The first thing you think of the Grand Ol Opry. And you listen more carefully to the ups and downs and ins and outs of them tones. All fussy, not wanting to touch each other.
You might say they took a liking to the country music we was playing. Hanks Williams, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Johnny Cash, that whole Carter family with its banjo playing nieces and nephew, those tunes could churn butter. Flapjacks were nothing for them. The music that the Carter family made was so beautiful and saclike the old man in the moon cried and spealed like a stuck pig. There was a bullfrog sang out at Steele Creek. Sounded like Caruso. Only it had a twang like Conway Twitt or Tammy Wynette or Patsy Kline.
You know country music has got to make you cry. Because if country music doesn’t make us sad there might come along with something that would really shake the nickels from our ears. A sharp object like when somebody caught a cold. Sneezed on the bus. We take life too seriously. That’s what country music tells us. Taps on the shoulder. We turn around. There’s Johnny Cashing standing on top of the world. Tennessee Ernie Ford breaking into a piggybank. Getting his fair share of nickels. Where does money when you spend it? Around the walk, then home to watch the ball game on TV?
Those voices kicked the world in the behind. Got them to doing what was right. No cheating, no lying, no lip, jut the plain old truth. And you know it’s old because you heard before. And somebody born a thousand years ago heard that same little ping, like a chickadee tapping on a church window. The glass singing quietly to itself. A hymn to our Lord and Savior.
Who you think sparrows was before it changed into a country singer. Or a little boy wearing a straw hat, sitting on the banks of the Holston River. The fish leaping up to splash the heavenly light at the fishermen just arriving from their lazy habits. Should’ve been here a year ago.
The sparrows changed. So the question is why? What gave the sparrows the right to change. That’s a sharp point that jabs the world in the solar plexus, you know you’re belly. Ever press that button you could blow your top. Don’t acknowledge the intelligence and know-how of the ornithological body. The bird in every bird knowing secretly the joy that a song may bear the world. Enough to reward the singer notoriety.
And the sparrows flipped. They got their wish. They could croton like Tennessee Ernie Ford. The gift that country music gives is honesty. We don’t mess with the leftwing wrens and robins of east Tennessee.
It’s quite an extraordinary blessing. The sparrow so blessed it can reproduce itself, though they don’t always get to know each other. Their social skills lacking, somewhere in the vicinity of a possum. You can almost see their tail dragging along the ground.
Sparrows don’t change into anything. Yet wondrously they broke the code for just that matter. It caught on. First one sparrow then another. And so on and so on. You don’t need one more so on. We’ve got enough thank you. You could if you like take one home. It will become friends with your cat. They’ll be buddies.
The point of it all is what sequence of events led to its metamorphosis? Did it awaken some ancient curse. Did it eat a blue caterpillar. Those blue caterpillars will confess they did nothing. Even though they were at the scene of the crime. Holding a gun, a sneer and a bottle of chocolate milk. Some raisin cookies full of love and compassion. They’d forget you in a horsefly’s heartbeat.
What they found when they dissected that fallen sparrow out on Steel Creek was that the birds was over three hundred years old. Which don’t make no sense. Because birds are the victims of predators. They got a short life. Not much more than a few months, depending on which lottery card they bought. Owing to the fact that have followers who subsist on eating them for religious reasons and good health.
Those predators should thank their lucky stars that they could eat lunch. All good creatures of the wild. But they got this thing about sparrows. Could be the way they warble. Since the Carter family took care of that little shortcoming they’ve been singing like they had a gift for country music. The twang had hit the big time with every man, woman and child in Bristol.
The autopsy of the sparrow shed some light on the situation. Them experts to one conclusion and that is the sparrow stood out under the moonlight and got itself a case of narcissism. That first sparrow who ever got touched by the spirit of Roy Akuff had the intelligence of a grocery store clerk in Bristol. It could croak like a frog our on Holston River. Beep like one of those little german cars with the engine in the rear. Everytime it heard the crickets playing their musical instruments, the cicadas strumming their fiddles. The lightning bugs shaking their lanterns. One if by land, two if by sea.
The first sparrow thought it could sing. Wanted to hop out to the Grand Ol Opry. Never quite made it. Our good fortune because we heard that next sparrow. The lightning bugs nearly blew a fuse. Thought it was Conway Twitty. Maybe Hank Williams, Johnny Cash, Roy Acuff. It was a quite a thrill to hear that frog sing on the stage of the Paramount Theater. Had to lift up to the microphone.
The radio ain’t been the same since that from sang. Broke all our hearts. Give us hope that all the dollars we got was enough to keep us going.
See it’s poor people who need country music. The songs just make us feel less poor. If you really poor and hungry a country song will get inside you and serve you corn on the cob, two pork chops, biscuits and gravy.
Some listened to the sparrows and heard angels. Ernest Tubb, Patsy Kline, Jimmie Rodgers, Willie Nelson, Buck Owens. They heard children playing hide and seek. They heard the first words a baby speaks. And they heard the last words that come from an old woman lying up at the Old Folks Home. And what she was saying was the same things you and I say. The same things the birds twitter about when the sun comes up. Yelling at roosters all over Sullivan County.
The same things the church organ says to perk you up. Lift you right out of your bones. Until you’re all spirit. Bristol’s the place where spirits march up and down State. Spirits because they just come from church. And they feeling good.
Like they didn’t have any worries in the world. Like a hymn Heaven was waiting. You know you go into a hymn and you just know your way around. You know where everything is. You can smell the roses in Paradise.
No matter whether you sing the church hymn or it grabs you by the ear, you need to know some people enter hymn and never come out.
It’s them I want to be. Everytime a hymn comes up to me I look for the doorknob. I’d be one for jiggling the lock.

Minnie Pearl's 'Howdee'

Do you remember Minnie Pearl’s laugh? First time I heard it I was certain it jumped out. I seen it clear as day. Tall, pretty lady with long legs. It was a wearing hat with the price tag still on.
The laugh was always followed by a ‘Howdee.’ Her calling card. A charming yodel that awakened us. You sort understood it was a rebel yell. Only it come from this pretty southern lady. Howdee had a lot on the ball. It was shiny, full of love. It could’ve run for Mayor. It became so popular you wanted to know it. Be its friend. That was the sound that was heard all over east Tennessee. It come through Bristol in a parade down State Street. Marching band, majorettes. That ‘Howdee’ doing more good than anybody knew. Bristol took to her like butter on a biscuit.
That ‘howdy’ jumped right out. It had a power to it. You heard it. That howdy went down in history like that shot fired at Fort Sumter. You know it was the ‘howdee’ that was heard around the world. London, Paris, Madrid, Rome they all got howdeed and they ain’t been the same since.
Her laugh taking its time getting anywhere. It would come out and wave. A farm girl Minnie Pearl had a laugh like a pretty girl. She maybe took her laugh to the well too often. We heard it coming and we stood up and had ourselves a good time listening to it tell us the secrets of being happy.
Her laugh could break down walls; Stop everybody from fussing and fighting. They didn’t love nobody till Minnie come along. That laugh caught on and we understood who much we meant to each other.
Her laugh was ten feet tall. Barefooted it would around Sullivan County. Sometimes Minnie Pearl’s laugh was like a freight train. Boxcars full of goodies. The truth come out and tangled with every lie. Stomped it into the ground. Struct it with a tennis racquet. Poured maple syrup all over it and served it to truck drivers who thought it was pancakes.
It was better than butterscotch pie with a dab of vanilla ice cream. Her laugh come to Bristol and we ain’t never been so honored. It walked up and down State Street, like a real pretty lady who wanted to meet everybody.
Minnie Pearl’s laugh come running around the corner, slipped into a department store. Bought every hat in there. Left the price tag on, so she it would tickle the audience. What’s that price tag doing still clinging to her hat? It was showing her respect. That’s what. Minnie Pearl was a believer in price tags getting whatever they wanted. Laughs was what Minnie was looking for. And she found them jumping out of Bristol. Just busting to tell her she was one wonderful lady.
Her ‘howdy’ beat out everything. It won the popularity contest. It come upon us real sudden like a bolt of lightning. It was thunder. That’s what it was. And when it struck we all believed in Minnie Pearl. We trembled in the presence of her ‘how.’ Good servants who knew we was working for the one lady who could make us happy.
you have a knot in your brain you need to know how to untie it. First take the long end, which you might have to walk a country mile for in your head, find it wrapped a hillside in your brain, all covered with flowers.
Mums like Minnie’s Pearl’s cheeks. All pink and blossoming like they was in show business. Just want to take your hand and walk you down the garden path to laughter.

Possum Hanging Upside Down By Its Tail

The possum hangs upside down by its tail every Saturday night. Not because it’s sleeping. Because it’s meditating. Trying its darndest to get them bluejay’s jabbering out of its head. They can talk a blue streak. Always about somebody swiping their eggs and then there’s the stars at night that tell them things that would unnerve a porcupine. Stick you with a big bill at Mama’s Dolly Cafe down on Tennessee Ernie Avenue. The one with big oak tree full of them squirrels from Steele Creek yacking about everything under the sun.
You can’t expect a possum to always do what’s right. Sometimes a possum needs to stretch out, push the envelope. The possum has every bit a right to live in a hickory tree than a woodpecker, chickadee, robin, every bird in the trees of Appalachia is where the possum find its home. Hangs out. Tail ready to grab hold of Sullivan County and never let go.
We know in Bristol fun is a possum. It plays dead. Then sudden like it opens one eye. Wiggles its stumpy legs. Lets that tail tickle the moon. Don’t let fun catch you off guard. Don’t give fun time to run out of Sullivan County. Grab hold of fun by the tail.
Save yourself some fun. Bristol knows about saving fun. Not everyone understands the concept of delaying fun. You put it away for a rainy day. You want it to hit the spot. Like you get down in the dumps you want fun to lend a hand. Pick you right up. Lower a rope if necessary.
Fun doesn’t always around. It can be working at the factory. Fun is a blue collar kind of a guy. Loves to get its hands dirty. Don’t mind a little sweat on the brow. It’s often chewing on a straw. Or talking about fishing, hunting, golfing.
Fun is a big eater. Loves corn on the cob. The best time fun ever had was out at Steele Creek stuffing itself with fried chicken, lots of potato salad, you know the kind that meets you in Paradise. Let that spoon take a licking. Dive right into the peach cobbler. You can’t expect peaches to be so generous with their goodness. But danged if they don’t go the extra yard.
Fun loves a good conversation. It goes to meet the colorful phrases that sparkle like fireworks in the dark conversations. There are always stars that shine when conversation go dark. You can depend on moonlight to say something nice.
Love your hair. Have you lost weight? Where did you get that dress? Those shoes just drive me wild. Your purse makes me jealous. Are those earrings made of pearl?
Fun gets what it wants. Nothing please fun more than to laugh at yourselves. We all do things which apparently we regret. We don’t want anyone to know them. So we teach by example how to forget. We can’t remember anything.
Though we know where we put fun. You place it right up there in the cupboard. Just out of reach of the children. You don’t want them to have too much fun. So it’s always a good idea to hide a jar of fun, a box of it goes a long way.
Fun comes wrapped in plastic, sometimes you get it in the tin cans. You don’t have to cook. Just peel off the lid and pour it into a bowl. You can eat it up with a spoon.
Fun’s portrait was drawn in the newspaper last week. Did you see it? It had strawberry all over its face. Its hands covered with peanut butter. Its mouthing full of a bite from a sandwich. The bread was pleased to be in the photo. Bread is one photogenic subject.
If you squish, you know what it does. It crawls up into a little ball. It assumes the shame of the truth. Now you know that can be a valuable thing. Bristol has more fun than any city in the Tri-State area.
Fun’s always on our side. It’s right there for us. Call it to supper. Any time you need fun it’s always there. Itching to get out of that box or can. Bounce around Sullivan County. Telling everyone how much they mean to it. Fun loves Bristol like a son or daughter. Fun can’t wait till everybody in town knows fun will do just about anything for them.
Even milk a cow. Ride a horse. Get a cat down from a tree. Take the dog for a hike in the woods, so he can identify the scent of raccoon. Maybe catch wind of Davy Crocket’s old pair of shoes hanging from a hickory tree. Shaped like a possum hanging upside down by its tail.

Jolly Green Giant of Bristol

We’re not going to push you around. We just want you to understand your obligation to Bristol. Keep the streets clean, if you drop something, pick it up and place it into a waste basket. It’s a ritual the Confederate come up with we want everyone to do the right thing. Jefferson Davis loved to see a clean street. He wanted to see him face in the shine of a town. Look it right in the eye and tell that town it was one swell guy.
I can see the pushers got to you. You know how I know. You got a belly. Pushes want you to eat one more bite. They can’t understand why you are so thin. Look at you, your skinnier than a tadpole. How do you carry all that weight around.
The pushers want us to sit on the sofa. Watch professional wrestling, eat a bowl of potato chips. Maybe drink a gallon of root beer. Two pickles and an afternoon nap.
The pushers hide between our toes. We don’t them. We can’t stand to be around them. They smoke big cigars. Blow smoke all around Sullivan County. You know how I know? I’m the bully of Bristol.
I’m the jolly green giant of Bristol. I make you do things. Like touch your toes. Blow you nose. Don’t play with your food. Sit up in your high chair and don’t shake that bell. It’s driving me crazy.
Don’t expect too much from a blue sky. Let the stars shine down on Bristol without them know how much depends on them. Finding us, giving us the star bright ideas about ourselves. Finding inside us the dark places and shining its light like a sword.
The moon pushes us together. Romance unpacks its bag. Moves right into our heads. Knowing love is something you got to catch like a junebug. I know one kid I grew up. Harry Moebers. He ate a junebug every summer. We loved to see him do it. East Tennessee’s best, most entertaining things you ever seen. Better than Joe Lowell getting stung by all them bees out at Steele Creek. Got him in the newspaper. Can’t beat that with a frying pan.
Eyes meet. Go off together. Talk like two fortune tellers trying to tell each other’s fortune. Not able to get a word in edgewise. That crystal ball doing things that couldn’t be understood. Mostly a little blue bird flying around in there.
The meaningful tenderness slips around Bristol. Some couples carefully seek it out. Advertising on the internet. The first meeting is usually like two shy grasshoppers jumping around a car field.
Words come out like biscuits. If they say anything at ask it’s a side of grits, fried eggs showing you their true intentions. The things we say to each other are pests that fly around and perch in someone ear.
The questions we ask in our most secret moments. What’s the divorce rate in Bristol. That bad, eh? Bad news travels like a bicycle messenger. Got more freckles than Mickey Rooney.
Can’t we inquire into our concerns? Are we not capable of finding a good egg. The hen house surely has some fine eggs. Bad marriages. No, not another rotten egg in the Wedding Cake.
The goal of mental acuity is to break the bank. Let the rich thoughts flow over us like that waterfall out at Steele Creek. Let the poor thoughts stub their toes in the dark. Let the little rotten thoughts put out the cat. What is wrong with that cat, alway? It keeps trying to tell me I’m crazy.
We need our thoughts. Without thoughts we’d be thoughtless. We need to pry open that locked safe in the wall of indifference. And help ourselves to the loot. Them shiny rubies would look good on my fingers. How about we look right in the face of boredom. Tell it off. Wave our hands. Stomp. Make a joyful noise. Like a church piano that ran away with John Philip Sousa. Did you know he was a tall man. Eleven feet tall in his stocking feet. He could up and touch the stars.
We seek from our thoughts advice. Ask them strange questions. Like what do I do if someone loves me? What do I say in return to ‘I love you?’ Two thoughts pealing an apple as they contemplate the meaning of it all. We need to find out what life is all about.
Bristol knows more than it tells us. We hear it in the afternoons, bustling around, noticing our imperfections. We drive slows in school zones. Bristol admires us for our devotion to safety. Obey the rules of the road. Know how signal for a turn. Break for school buses.
Live as long as you can. Admire those who hold you close. Them relatives with big bellies, three sisters each with a different personality. One shy, one bold, the other trying on a hat too big for her. Slips over her right eye. Can’t see her. Don’t want to call it to her attention. Don’t want to make her self conscious.
Shoulder the blame. If you didn’t do it, there’s no burden in shame.
Shake hands with everyone. You can learn a lot from shaking someone’s hand. Some good things fall right out of the hand. You look down there might be a surprise. Friendship has no hands, no arms, no legs. Yet it follows us all over Bristol. The moments that Friendship finds to its liking are those moments that arrive exactly at the right time.
Smiling, talking like a barber whose daughter just got married. He paid a fortune for the wedding. And he wants to tell you all about it. Friendship talks like Tennessee Ernie Ford.
Friend’s voice all full of sweet potatoes, bacon, fried chicken. Somebody always cooking up vittles in Friendship. Got them barbecued ribs bursting with that roasted pig smell. Pushing that red wagon all over Sullivan County. Just the way you’d expect a pig to do.
Hugs stroll up State Street. Holding hands is climb up the social ladder. The tingling of warm fingers can leave one absolutely full of bliss. Like a pig that got locked in the bakery.
We’re kissing each other in Bristol. We know kissing someone’s cheek at three o’clock on State Street will bring us good luck. And of course, when the cheek is kissed we hear a church bell. The birds warble a love ballad.
We got a thing for each other. The young people allow their lips to circulate. The lips swim on their backs upstream. Lips can be caught with the right reward. Candy, flowers, corndogs. Our lips are just a way of showing each other affection. Smooch.

Guitars Talk Like Minnie Pearl

If you hear a guitar wake up a little grouchy. Maybe been up all night thinking about how much it hates fiddles. Don’t you know the guitar is superior to every musical instrument. I refer you to piano’s recommendation. Let’s not underestimate string instruments. They tell the truth, mostly.
If you live in Bristol you know you don’t speak or sing when a guitar’s tongue is wagging. Some guitars have no patience for people jawing. Besides, the guitar knows more than any man alive.
It knows the difference between right and wrong. It know everytime a guitar says something people write it down. Cause guitar’s are famous for telling the truth. If a guitars walks into a room, the trumpets bow their heads and pray. Drums hit the road. The fiddles their rights to a trial. Plead guilty to murder of a guitar in an alley just off Interstate 81.
They put it in the newspaper. The words were pretty red dresses and waved to the judges. Seven ugly pigs looking for a bite to eat. Maybe a ton of slop as a first course. Save the dessert for later. When the pig’s stomach finds room for more. Seven words that rocked the baby to sleep.
“Bristol is the birthplace of country music. “
The seven words kicked down Nashville’s door and said,  “Howdy, I’m Bristol, don’t you know I give birth to Country Music. That first recording milked the holy cow of Country Music. For legs, tail, unattractive like the boy who grew up to be a cow. Joe Murphy lived in Piney Flatts. Remember him?
Seven long legged words chopped off the head of a giant. Those magic beans that was planted in Bristol get you right into the books.
We’re looking to receive adulation for our contribution. Which grows every year by leaps and bounds. We’re tempted to ask you for gratitude. It’s what motivates the heart to speak kindly of Bristol. We’ve got more gratitude than anyone in east Tennessee.
You know we got gratitude because we’re grateful about everything. The blue sky humming down that highway, every morning the sun getting down to business. Don’t you love it when the sun asks you if you know where you’re going. The sun absolutely certain it knows all about us.
Gratitude speaks for itself. Turns a million years old next week. Everyone’s invited to its birthday party. Please bring a gift, or gratitude will blow a fuse. Wave its arms and shout how ungrateful. Stop the presses. Nobody gives a hang. They just does what they please.
Bristol’s got a big heart. It even loves what gratitude does for the ungrateful. They deserve our respect. A prayer for their rehabilitation. Let’s give ungratefulness a second chance.
Enjoy the company of thanklessness, correcting its behavior. Don’t allow thankfulness free rein. It’s a ball string, never looking where it’s going, coming around when you least expect. Whispering something Tennessee Ernie Ford said on his TV show.
There are many facets of ingratitude. I think it’s got a split personality. I can tell you by accounts Ive read it has an itch on its legs and back that drive it plum crazy. It talks a lot. That whiney crying caterpillar crawling around Sullivan County.
You see it coming lie low. Sneak behind a rock. You don’t want ingratitude asking you for a bite. Ingratitude swallow you and spit you out.
The fall of unappreaciation nears. They pull at the ropes that keep it up. If even one lets go the ivory tower will come tumbling down. The whole of Sullivan County a construction site.
We need room for gratitude to hang its hat. Empty its pockets into a hungry cat. What’s the point of being grateful if you can’t have everything.
We compromise. We know compromise. It’s a big guy round as wheelbarrow. Fat as apple pie. Vanilla ice cream sitting on top. Cherry winking at you.

Wind's Expense Account

I don’t mind it when the wind pulls my leg. It can’t fool me. If a wind comes up to me and want to borrow a few dollars, I tell it you’re out of your mind. Do I look like a savings bank?
I know the wind has a small expense account. Can’t afford to buy itself dinner at Farely’s Cafe down on State Street. Never rides the bus, except on Saturdays. Won’t see the wind blowing through the supermarket checking out the ground beef, pork chops, bacon, eggs. Do you think the wind likes its eggs scrambled, fried or poached.
Don’t take the wind so seriously. It goes to school, flips through a lot of books. It’s a speed reader. You know the wind loves the church. It’s read every verse in the Bible. Never ceases to amaze the wind when the holy scripture talks about it. That’s something to admire. Separate the wheat from the chaff. The wind doesn’t know that would seem an attractive moment. It shows itself off. The Sunday School classes enjoy its metaphorical weight. Put it on a scale it would weigh about as much as North America.
The wind that comes from the east is petulant. Can’t tell it anything. It’s got the impatience of a child at the ice parlor waiting for a double scoop of chocolate. Some sprinkles to keep it sane.
The wind will take bribes. It could use a few bucks. The circus is in town. The prices are going up in Bristol. Just don’t expect to buy a diamond ring for small change.
You want to give the wind a chance to dance and sing. Yes, it’s often just letting out a howl. It can’t sing. But we don’t let on like we know that. We compliment the wind on its singing voice. Invite to weddings, anniversaries, birthday parties. The wind always wears that same red necktie. Shoes shined. Hair slicked back. That smile on its face is worth a thousand words of wisdom.
We love wind for what it represents. The breeze that it brings to hot summer days. Bristol loves the wind like it loves Tennessee Ernie Ford. Davy Crocket, Dolly Parton, every guitar picking grasshopper in east Tennessee.
Every banjo playing corn field. The jamboree that the wind summons from the rabbits, squirrels, deer, possums. How did the possums learn how to play a banjo? I suppose they got taught by the crow -- every crow has this secret dream of playing at the Grand Ol Opry.
The wind can surprise us at times. It doesn’t know boundaries. It jumps around Sullivan County. Hides in the treetops where it keeps its personal belongings. A knapsack full of witty remarks, a bag of hard rock candy. Some licorice to hand out at the airport.
Don’t you think the wind deserves our thanks. Not that we don’t pay our respects when it dies. It gets old and tired, after an hour of mussing up peoples’ hair, grabbing hold of umbrellas and chewing them up.
What delights us most in Bristol is when the wind does the right thing. Grabs us and tells us how much it cares about us. Would do anything for us? Tell everybody the wind sent you. Why do you think the wind lives in Bristol. It comes all the way from up North to visit.
Sits down right in our lap. Swirls up and around Windsor Avenue, jumping up and touching the sky to our amazement. Letting it all go. Kicking clouds out of the way. Who wouldn’t love the way the wind rides that blue sky? The wind in its gray coat telling us things we need to know.
When we understand the wisdom of the wind we’ll know what the wind knows. And never question the wind’s judgment. How humble the wind. Yet so noble. We’re its servants. We acknowledge the wind’s superiority.
It’s business is spreading seeds around. Allowing the birds to get off the ground. That leap something to behold. With the wind everything would fall down. It holds up Sullivan County. Hope it never lets us down.

Conderate Onions

The Bristol Onion has a sweet taste to it. Make you cry like a baby. You can be an old man and the onion will tell you the saddest story you ever heard. Did you hear the one where a young fellow ate an onion and couldn’t stop feeling sorry for himself.
The onion can make feel real low. Like you lost your dog. You come along and pull it out of the ground and you better know it’s got something to say that will overtake your mental state. In your mind, the onion disperses the confederate army. They march around.
Confederate onion gots rifles, knives, swords. They wear boots. Everyone of them is devoted entirely to Jefferson Davis. Which they figure is somewhere inside your body plotting the defeat of Ulysses S. Grant. Going to take him by surprise. The onion doesn’t always forgive so easily.
It come to Bristol, long time ago. Opened up a roadside stand. Two old farmers had a whole field of Yankee Onions. Couldn’t sell them to nobody. Back a year ago they come upon an advertised in this here seed catalogue. It talked about Confederate Onions, proud, strong, nimble fellows who could take out them Confederate soldiers. No problem.
The seeds was a little gray garments that you could ask a question to. What’s it all about? Are you prepared to die in battle? The seeds had a funny way of looking at you out of the corner of their eyes. Don’t you know they had the advantage. Smart, intelligent seeds with no agenda except to grow up.
Take east Tennessee by the nose and give it what it needed most. Knowledge about Southern Living. What do you do if grits come up to you and ask you for a favor? Grits always got something going? Wants to know everybody’s secrets. Like what you’re favorite color. What’s your sign? Do you understand why you done something? What was behind your sudden hunger for rabbit stew?
You don’t ask Yankee Onions for permission to slice them up in a bowl. You take your knife and let it speak the language of pointed, sharp utensils. The necessary wisdom the knives possess outweighs the risk.
Though Confederate Onions don’t enjoy being cut up. They do acknowledge people in Bristol have gone long enough without the medicinal benefits. Gifts that the Confederate Onion has would amaze you.
They can believe in you. Get deep inside you. Break every boundary in your body. Build you up. Show you the light that Confederate Onions yield. It’s like the onion was a lantern. And in the dark it glows.
There you are, hiding behind your liver. Trembling like you got intruders. Give that hamburger some extra oomph. How do you do. Teach hotdogs a thing or two. Confederate Onions love us in Bristol because we know the truth about the War Between The States.
It was all about onions. At the end of Civil War, we wept. Told everybody it cause we were peeling onions. Though they knew that wasn’t true. We hid behind onions. Because we couldn’t handle the grief. (Know what grief? It all sad and make you feel low, follow you home like puppies. Get them days all sad-eyed, glum, feeling all full of woe. Don’t ask me what I do when I feel like that. I can’t see too good, can’t hear much, when the dark cover my thoughts with the terrible come over Appalachia. Bristol feeling the loss of its kin.)
Look later we went through the onion war. All sold all the onions we could grow. They went everywhere. Up north a Confederate Onion was worth a pretty penny. It could make anybody sad. We was all sad. Lost too many young men in that terrible conflict.
We all sort of hid behind the onion in those days. We come out. We’re all right. We make use of Confederate Onions the right way. They love to sit on sesame seed buns and smile at us.
They got a way of telling us the most delicate things. Don’t ever forget the Confederate Onion is still fighting for you. If you need to liven up a salad, give it the heave ho, season it, wrap it up in olive oil. If you see a need to bite an onion to save your life, if you want to know the truth about the world around you, just take an onion.
Looking it straight in the eye. Tell it you’re happy to meet. How would you like a cup of coffee? Maybe a watercress sandwich to go with your spaghetti? Don’t let the spoons push you around.

Electricity's Gift

Bristol has the best electricity. Sings country music like Tennessee Ernie Ford. Grins like Ol Ern. Talks like a country boy. It don’t know when to stop riding a donkey all over east Tennessee. Just saying hello to everybody.
It’s a student of electrodes. A sources of energy chock full of charged particles -- electrons and protons that play pinochle every Wednesday night. Shoot pool Thursday nights. The power of electricity is well known.
Benjamin Franklin likened electricity to a force of nature. When Franklin was studying electricity other folks used electricity for magic tricks by creating sparks and shocks. Being a curious and inventive thinker, Franklin was shocked to find that electricity had an appetite for tall trees. Apples, loved cherries, too. Picked a whole orchard full of peaches. Last summer in Bristol, lighthing shot an old crow out of the sky. It was all in the newspaper. Next day lightning sat down and wrote an apology. The newspaper published it. We all understood the shame confessed had cool indifference. Just like electricity to do that. Mostly it hides in the wall. Like a stowaway from the circus. Comes out, juggles, bears the gift of light. Shows you where you put your wrist watch. Asks you not to waste electricity. It’s got a tough job. And it costs a pretty penny.
The supply of electric current to a farmhouse or other building for heating, lighting, or powering appliances. Electricity provides fans, air conditioners, heaters a way of life. For people it lends a state or feeling of thrilling excitement. If you’re a cow or horse you wish you get a fan during the summer so you could beat the heat. Winters believe in electricity. They know electricity is somebody who went to college to learn how to pass around its hat.
Callect the dues. Electricity’s club getting bigger every year. One day its belly is going to be bigger than the Blue Ridge Moutains.
Electricity is intellectual. Reads the newspaper every morning. Loves Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Trollope and Ralph Waldo Emerson. Writes an essay on the literary qualities of Samuel Beckett.
It thinks carefully about everything before it does it. You plug something into the socket electricity is awakened from its nap. And it gives you a dream, which is a bolt of electricity that rings a church bell all over Bristol.
Electricity is generous. It gives until it hurts. Until they ain’t nothing left inside it. Then it reaches down deep and jumps out through the wires, tumbling head over heels like a acrobat. We’re glad to see it make a house call. Would you like a pieces of cake?

Welcome

If you want to become famous in Bristol, the first thing you need to do is get born. I tell everybody your birth is the most important opportunity you will ever get. Take advantage of it. Just play along, if you don’t think it’s such a big deal.
Truth is it’s vital to accept the invitation. Did it come with one of those red tasseled envelopes? Or did it arrive in a leather brief case? All the invitations to Bristol are like singing telegrams.
A country boy comes to your door, strums a guitar with a red plastic pick. Let’s go with your invite. One of those nice ditties that squeals like a pig. Enters your brain which for country boys is just red barn, with chickens squawking, a few ducks asking for a napkin to wipe their bills of that awful porridge. Who made that?
You open your eyes and the first thing you see in Tennessee Ernie Ford. He always shakes everybody’s hand. When they’re born he appears out of thin. Like he was sitting a cup of coffee. Maybe right onto of the oatmeal, feet resting on the rim of the bowl.
Old Ern is everywhere. It gets around by power of the blue sky. He’s been on good terms with it. Nows a good time to repay what Ern did for the weather in Bristol. Everytime he sung a song on the radio the sky turned blue. If he came on the radio at night, the stars and the moon shone bright. Jumped right out of the dark and every cricket and owl remarked on beautify of a night sky.
Getting born requires you to cry. All of us did. Though I point out to you the need for confessing some small tidbit that you learned in the womb. Like country music is why the birds fly. Why the wild deer leap over the little creek that runs through the woods, looking for its mother.
Not able to see much. Expect the light to reach down and pull your nose. It’s what lights do to babies just born in Bristol. It don’t mean nothing. Just a friendly way of letting you know we’re grateful you’re here.

The Fiddle That Talked

It’s got a southern accent. Bristol fiddles know where they were made. They don’t cuss, so you don’t have to read them the Bible. They don’t ask you nosey questions. Don’t criticize your eating. A good fiddle will stick it what it knows. Making those beautiful phrases that tell you ear about east Tennessee.
Bristol fiddles talk about State Street. How they enjoy singing on the corner. They got little bitty eyes that catch you by surprise. It’s what they say that’s got many people upset. The fiddle has a big mouth. Rumors come out and do a little dance. Don’t never call the fiddle a violin. You could get into some real trouble. The fiddle don’t take nothing off the violin. You don’t know what a violin would do in case of emergency.
You think the violin would save your life. Put out a fire. Rescue a child from drowning. Forget it. The violin is self centered, painfully aware that people find it uncouth. From a young age the violin caws like an old crow. The ears cringe when walked upon by the violin’s whoop and slobbering sigh. The interrupted pig’s squeal. The moose engaged in its spring love call.
Bristol fiddles got a problem with guitars. The feud has been going on for centuries.
Fiddles have no respect for guitars. While never speaking up about their disdain, they secretly loathe guitars.
If’n they see one they ignore it entirely,. Turn up their nose at it. The guitar sashaying around a tune. Throwing its head back, grinning at the audience. The fingers dipping into a blue lake shimmering with moonlight.
They know guitars think they’re more important. Guitars have got big egos. The strings are the ones to blame. They think fiddles are just insects. Hopping around a song.
Why does the guitar put down the fiddle. Say every nasty thing that comes into its head. Fiddles have a right to express their opinion. Don’t ask a fiddle if it knows about the feud. The one where the fiddle and the guitar don’t get along.
Though the truth be told. The guitar disregards the negative publicity. The guitar a country boy. It got east Tennessee in its voice. Sullivan County looking like one of those grooms on the wedding cake. Smiling at every possum, rabbit, deer that jumps over the creek behind the red barn.
Eyes of guitars could steal money from the bank. One look and Bristol International Speedway would tip its hat. Awaken all the fiddles from their afternoon nap,
What them guitars did a thousand years ago was tell trumpets and drums that fiddles were low class. No good musical instruments who never understood why pianos know everything. Pianos know how to speak french, play with a yoyo. The best pianos are those who teach music. It’s their responsibility as pianos to express their opinions freely.
Pianos sing like songbirds. They perch on melodies. The keys burst into the air of a concert hall in Bristol. You can almost see them throw their heads back. Every sweet harmony that pianos sing enter east Tennessee from Paradise.
And what they tell is what we know about life. Being born in Bristol, one of those great miracles. Cause this town has managed to placate the fiddles and the guitars. Lately I seen together. One giving the other a dirty look. Muttering something under their breath.
Then chugging some tenderness from the jug of life. They hopped on a bus to a wedding out there on Windsor Avenue. Played together. The fiddle overcome with a good feeling. Like the guitar was all right. Didn’t look suspicious or worried about its annoying friend. The fiddle feeling the same goosebumps.
Soon we expect the fiddle and guitar to seek a marriage counselor. They’ve got some issues still to work out. Who does the dishes? Who vacuums the living room. There’s a baby that needs to be fed. If it needs changing, the first one that notices it should do the dirty work.
Don’t play the radio too loud at night. Don’t let the bedbugs bite. Learn to compromise, play checkers, eat some pork rinds, slap some baloney between two slices of bread and bite it.
Fiddles have been slapping guitars on the backs. Shaking hands after playing a tune together. You’d think they’d always been best of buddies. No one would ever guess they once hated each other guts.
Read books on how to get away with murder. Listened to audio recordings of fiddles and guitars confession their sins, wishing they hadn’t done them. Like eating too many buttermilk biscuits, jumping on the back of a ham sandwich and riding all over east Tennessee. Hurting the fiddle’s feelings.
Forgiveness for musical instruments doesn’t come easily. We listen to them and know their secrets. The little doors open in their melodies and we walk through on our way to Paradise.

Dividing Our Gifts

Let’s not divide up the sunlight that falls on Bristol. If more sunlight falls on the Virginia side, we ain’t going to complain. We’ll take out the difference in starlight, throw in the moonlight too -- it’s a shame, ain’t it? One side wants what the others got. When both sides have more than they deserve.
Cause one half of Bristol lives in Tennessee and the other side lives in Virginia. Two old settlers who fell in love with the same town. Got a room big as Sullivan County on the Tennessee side. The Virginia side has one of those great big trailer where you can get thousands of people a place to live. How do we get all our farms in that mobile unit? Somebody’s working magic.
Got swimming pools, Steel Creek just itching to please anybody who needs to commune with nature. What we got most of is pigs, chickens, rabbits, cows. The raccoon has nothing but good things to say about Bristol. It lives in the woods, writes us once and a while. Just to keep in touch. We get that postcard that arrives scented with dogwood, elm, hickory, birch.
We fish. Everybody in Bristol is Captain Ahab. We hunt. Davy Crocket is in our spirits, shooting rabbits, squirrels, beaver. We also hunt atheists for their fur. But that’s another subject, kind of touchy, is your allow doubt to stay in your guest room too long. Doubt belongs at church on Sunday, singing a hymn. Sitting quietly in a church pew, letting the words of a sermon pick on him, pull his necktie, punch him in the eye. Doubt’s got a lot of learning to do. We know they sell it on TV, so we recommend reading the holy scripture, which eats doubt like a between meal snack.
We are aware there is a problem in Bristol. Folks from the Tennessee side go over the Virginia. And the first thing that happens is they feel homesick, having left their state. They’re in another state. Their minds are divided as well. One half of the brain in Bristol, Virginia. And the other half the brain is Bristol, Tennessee.
One is side is more artistic, the other side is given to outbursts of common sense. Smart as a whip. While sometimes the two sides of the brain get together, mull over the future of their holy matrimony, they live happily together. Get along. If they have to kiss and makeup, they’re willing to sacrifice.
The marriage is still working. When thousands of people get married it’s not always possible for us to express our devotion. We wave. We call each other up on the telephone. How’s Virginia? Is it cold over there? Who’s that guy on a bicycle riding all over Sullivan County, playing a guitar and singing. Was that Tennessee Ernie Ford? How’d he get that voice. Come out of him and grab Bristol, give it more love than Anthony give Cleopatra.
Sometimes we see each other and don’t recognize who it is. Forget their name. Joan? Bob? Terry? Is that you? We speak the same language. Don’t need no passports to get across town. Never look like our pictures on our driving licenses. How much postage does it cost to send a letter across town? Do the flowers in Virginia bloom before the flowers in Tennessee do?
It’s not a competition. If it was we’d finish on top. It’s lonely at the top. Need somebody. That’s why the Tennessee side always brings along its best buddy.
Harmony, loyalty, we’re just two peas in a pod. We’re a bicycle built for two. When go fishing together everybody gets to eat. Every bite is shared. We slice up a pie and everyone shares.
Division is unity. We complement each other. Not like twins connected at the hip. More like a thoroughbred horse galloping around Bristol. Everybody want to ride us around Steel Creek -- and up and down State Street.
The trojan horse with all inside. Having a great time. Nobody ever snowed we was here, till we discovered country music. Recorded them first songs. Then everybody come running. Knowed it was that discovered it and stuck it on a record. You can hear that first song every time somebody talks. It’s inside us an edit come out to play. Get your ears ready.
The wind’s got that recording going. Thunder’s got it, too. What the birds sing about is what country music has to say. And it’s all about hearing the important things that country music says.
We just happy to be the messenger.
One side Tennessee, the other Virginia. We both love country music. We related. Kissing cousins. Virginia on our mother’s side. Tennessee on our father’s side. Though truth is we haven’t kissed in years. Mostly we hold hands, whistle, wave. The idea is that a divided town ain’t easy. You got dark to share. Night falls on the Tennessee side and at the same time, wouldn’t you know it, dark falls on the Virginia sie.
We got sky. Just so much to go around. Morning, noon and night. We dividing up the pot. Pretty evenly distributed. Some days the Virginia side gets more cars. Other days the Tennessee side is happy just to get a parking space.
You got the big orange sun and it doesn’t always play fair. You can’t depend on weather reports for Bristol. Do they apply to both sides? Or just one?
Though on starry nights they feel deeply about each other. They wonder what the other side is doing. What’d they eat for dinner? Who told a fish story. If the Virginia side went hunting did it bag a rabbit, or a squirrel? If the Tennessee side went hiking did it hear the rare Tennessee Ernie Ford bird call in the woods.
Somebody said they heard it last week. Singing from the top of an old hickory tree out on Holston River. Sound just like Ol Ern. You hear it and you wonder how the ornithology society of Tennessee never snowed about it.
Wisdom, I guess travels slower than knowledge. Rumors got binoculars. Common sense carries a map and knows where everything is. Can’t fool it.

Under The Spell of Tennessee Ernie Ford

Bristol’s the only town with its own collection of Tennessee Ernie memorabilia. It’s scattered all over town. People got Ernie Ford photos of him coming out of the grocery store, strolling along State Street, or out at the ballfields, hitting a baseball.
We got Old Ern’s tennis sneakers, the ones he wore when he attended Bristol Tennessee High School. We got some white socks, blue socks, red socks, yellow socks and a few socks we don’t know what color they are. They could be purple or green. Or a combination thereof.
Ern’s red pajamas. Just the tops. The bottoms went someplace in Utah. A tourist beat us to the item at a lawn sale. Marked down from four dollars to two. That was a steal. We still talk about it. Bristol is buzzing with talk of Ernie Ford. He’s got us under a spell.
I guess when he sung ‘Sixteen Tons’ that spell come out and knocked us on our feet. Poke us in the belly. Knocked the air out of us. Blows that were so sweet and charming we ain’t yet recovered from the first time we heard Ernie’s voice.
We heard them notes and picked us a basketful. We know what he was singing about. He was singing to us. He was singing to the city of Bristol, like it was baby and he was the Father. He couldn’t put us down, cause we always started to cry.
Ernie Ford loved Bristol, like an old playmate, the boy who lived across the street. The one who taught him how to use a slingshot. Play invisible man with the dog. Come up behind a bush and suddenly spring into the air. Cause jumping bushes made a man out of you.
Grow hair right under your arms. Maybe someday give you a mustache. Bristol was the town that opened its doors to Ernie Ford, long before become famous. Bristol liked Ernie Ford when sang in the church choir. Loved Ernie Ford because he loved everything about Bristol. Right down to the stray dogs, Sunday picnics, fried chicken asking for a date, pork chops and beans sitting cross legged on a diner plate.
Biscuits had their way with Ernie. Bristol knowing the secret to making biscuits. Putting love in every bite. Making certain the biscuits understood their purpose in life. Let the lips touch upon the biscuit, more loyal than a missionary gone to some small village in France. All to save the souls. That’s what Bristol wants from buttermilk biscuits.
The reward Ernie Ford got from eating a diet of bacon, eggs, biscuits, corn on the cob, green beans, squash, cabbage -- the treasure buried all over Sullivan County come up to the surface and say something to sweet to the air. Like what’s a beautiful dame like you in a place like this.
Ernie Ford owned a dog named Jack. The descendants of Jack are well documented by the Animal Ancestry Society over in Bluff City. Descendants of the dogs that come from Jack are all over town. There’s Betty, Judy, Hank, Tom, Joe, Brenda.
Jack was a mixed breed. Somewhere between a Mexican chi qua qua and a Saint Bernard. Some of Jack’s descendants are Great Danes, German Shepherds, Collies, golden retrievers. Jack got around.
We still hear Jack himself howling at night. He don’t care for people who don’t’ like Ernie Ford. He’d bite them. Being Ernie Ford’s dog. Wagging its tail and barking at them. Asking them why? What did Ernie do to you?
Did you make you cry? Cause that’s okay. He done that to us. We knowed who he was. He could turn your head completely around, just by crooning on the radio. His voice shook the world. He left his mark. And he never stopped loving Bristol like it was the most important award he ever got. Our love, it come pouring out and flooded east Tennessee and Southwest Virginia. Two polecats drowned. Everything else climbed a tree.
We right there with charming voice pulling that red wagon full of love. He could sing a church hymn that would hug you around the waist. His voice full of Heavenly light. It come down on Bristol All around.
We still up there. We ain’t coming down.

Well-Read Sidewalks

The thing I love most about Bristol is the sidewalks. The sidewalks of Bristol are all well-read. People gaze down, read them like the afternoon newspaper. They’re surprised by the joy children express. And shocked that Penny hates Tom because he’s an old bullfrog. Joe’s all thumbs. Linda’s all full of jelly beans.
Or you can read sidewalks for valuable information. Little notes written to everybody in Bristol. Jeff’s got a great jump shot. Kay kissed Bobby. It’s a great day. Willy’s got the mumps. Blackberries for sale. Cotton candy is sticky. Toothpaste tastes yucky. What kind of soap floats in the bathtub? Where does the sun go when it goes over the mountain?
Sidewalks when they’re born are just soft cement. Children come along and write their initials on the surface. A girl named Pam love Billy. Joe’s got a thing for Terri. The fingers over the years have written the joys and the sorrows children in the wet cement. And everybody who walked by couldn’t help but read it. Broke a thousand hearts when Jenny told Tommy she didn’t love him anymore.
Sidewalks harden and the words written in them remain. Some words are angry. Why did my Grandmother die? Who took away summer? Is there a blue sky that can make me feel like I was important? Those fingers had some awful penmanship. The letters oblong and looped. You never qute could anticipate what them sidewalks said. It all was exciting and shocking at the same time. We couldn’t understand why children wrote such lovely things, then turned sophomoric, narcissistic. Wanted people to love them. Give them everything they deserved. Maybe a million dollars. All the toys in the world. A pony with bell around its neck. Could you give my sister to the orphanage? She’s really insane. Chews with her mouth full, when you call her a name.
Sidewalks tell us things they hope to change. Like all the heartbreak among children. Disappointed that chocolate ice cream never loves them enough. And they love it alike.
Sidewalks don’t appreciate everything. Sometimes they don’t show their feelings. Though a few sidewalks are outgoing. The most extroverted sidewalks will go out dancing. Not hesitate to celebrate its life. We could learn a lot from sidewalks. They got a good disposition. They all full of life. Love to hold us up.
They seldom rebel. Though they can get a little perturbed. They don’t take to anybody dropping things. People got to pick things up. And wouldn’t you know Bristol sidewalks will tell you to do just that. You hear a sidewalk tenderly speak to the litterbug. Knowing it might be sensitive.  “I think you dropped something. “
It’s good to know sidewalks have our backs. Of course, Bristol sidewalks started asking us questions, that was a bit much. Not that we had anything to hide from sidewalks. We walked all over them. We clicked our heels on their backs. Roller-skated when we were children. Those streets were good to us.
They didn’t say anything. They were perfectly well mannered. Never asked us what we were doing. Where were we going. Did we ever think a sidewalk deserved some recognition. Maybe a thank you once a while. A polite nod of recognition, knowing sidewalks were important.
A sidewalk had a way of knowing where we were going. What was it that brought into Bristol. Sidewalks love Bristol, offer testimony to the shoes that pat the street on the back. Say hello, how are you. Though people in Bristol never give sidewalks credit for much.
We might be overlooking the potential of sidewalks. They’re deep thinkers. They spend a lot of time in the sun. They enjoy a cool summer rain. When insects cross sidewalks the sidewalks get an itch. Right there. No, other there. Ah, you got it. Thanks for scratching my itch. That’s what the sidewalks say grateful they could relieve the itch. Sometimes sidewalks got shot, beat with a wad of gum, kissing it like a dog would smooch a boy’s face.
The sidewalk knows things that the sky doesn’t know. It tells every foot, every shoe everything it knows. The sky’s got some nerve going dark. Showing us a big hole up. Somebody calls it the moon. The sidewalks don’t enjoy being gawked at by all those people gazing out of that hole. You hear them hissing, whistling down at Bristol.
When sidewalks are born they’re all wet cement. It takes time for them to harden. And in between children are writing their autographies in the wet cement. We walk by and notice the passages. Billie love Jenny. Ted is great. Linda has a big nose. What’s wrong with a C in arithmetic? Who needs to multiply? Long division is a crummy bum with an empty tin cup. Sells apples and pencils to the public.
And you know Bristol has a way of looking the other way, when the moon does things like glow, shimmer like a punch bowl. All silver and gold. Why can’t sidewalks bite the bullet, why can’ t sidewalks know their place.
Should sidewalks appreciate the gifts it receives. When the stars shine down, they stuff the sidewalks with joy, goodness and a song sung by Tennessee Ernie Ford. Crawls right up your leg, licks your face. Hangs on your necktie, like King Kong.
Bristol’s got a way with sidewalks. It teaches them to obey the sky. Listen to the birds and do as they say. If a dog barks don’t be afraid. The feet come in bunches. The big feet, the little feet, the feet with a superiority complex. It’s the multitudes of feet that bear the weight of humanity. We got streets in Bristol that can look you in the eye. Cause they’re honest as the day is long. You can’t get them to tell a lie. Everything they say to you as you walk by is the absolute truth.
The sidewalks don’t throw mud on the wall. Anything that sticks doesn’t necessarily quote Shakespeare. The sidewalk that is wise will gain your confidence, pursue endeavors that lend every shoe a wish.
What do you wish? If a sidewalk could give whatever you wanted, what would you tell it. The love of sidewalks for feet is taken for granted. What we don’t understand about sidewalks is that they will always hold us in the palm of its hand. We’ll never fall and hurt ourselves. Because the sidewalk would never forgive itself if we skinned our knee.
Bristol’s got a way with sidewalks. It teaches them to obey the sky. Listen to the birds and do as they say. If a dog barks don’t be afraid. The feet come in bunches. The big feet, the little feet, the feet with a superiority complex. It’s the multitudes of feet that bear the weight of humanity. We got streets in Bristol that can look you in the eye. Cause they’re honest as the day is long. You can’t get them to tell a lie. Everything they say to you as you walk by is the absolute truth.
Bristol’s got a way with sidewalks. It teaches them to obey the sky. Listen to the birds and do as they say. If a dog barks don’t be afraid. The feet come in bunches. The big feet, the little feet, the feet with a superiority complex. It’s the multitudes of feet that bear the weight of humanity. We got streets in Bristol that can look you in the eye. Cause they’re honest as the day is long. You can’t get them to tell a lie. Everything they say to you as you walk by is the absolute truth.
The sidewalks don’t throw mud on the wall. Anything that sticks doesn’t necessarily quote Shakespeare. The sidewalk that is wise will gain your confidence, pursue endeavors that lend every shoe a wish.
What do you wish? If a sidewalk could give whatever you wanted, what would you tell it. The love of sidewalks for feet is taken for granted. What we don’t understand about sidewalks is that they will always hold us in the palm of its hand. We’ll never fall and hurt ourselves. Because the sidewalk would never forgive itself if we skinned our knee.

Pork Skins

I remember eating pork skins as a kid growing up in east Tennessee.  They were crunchy, salty and gave me that oink feeling,  like you were king of the world. A sense of superiority.  My mouth feeling low one minute. The next right up there with Gandhi.
I must’ve been five or six when I got addicted to crunching them.  They made a sound like somebody was walking in the woods, dry leaves, twigs.  My mouth all slap happy. The flavor overtook me  and I have yet to recover from their fine taste.  Heavenly, a snap, a whoops, it takes a daredevil to eat them.
Every bite was an experience, like I was discovering something  for the first time. The crispiness spun me around, got inside me and told me all about the wonders of east Tennessee. Smokey mountains, Appalachia, the orange sun that came up over the mountain rose for pork skins.
I was thrilled by the taste that overtook me and spilled into my body the most refined qualities, like compassion, discipline and downright love for pigs.
Pork skins gave me what I needed. And I am the man I am today  because of pork skins. I’m glad those pork skins like me.
I sure like them back. I think I gave me good luck.
I can’t stop eating pork skins. They’re wicked good. And I heard Abraham Lincoln loved them. Davy Crocket, too. I’m among the best of the bunch. You think Jefferson Davis are them? Mark Twain. I know it was his favorite snack. You got to hand it to pork skins. It’s a popular snack.
After reading this the first time I was overtaken by the irresistible desire to eat some pork skins. Headed out to Food City, and bought a family size bag. A regular bag just wouldn't  possibly satiate the craving born of the memory of those delectable hog hides. Or so I thought. The taste of memory was soon brought up to date with that of reality. Unexpectedly, they suddenly began to grow in my mouth as I chewed them losing that crispy crunch. I had reached my point of pig skin saturation, and with almost a half of a bag left. I still have that almost a half of a bag, hoping Earnest Slyman will come by with his own pig skin craving.

Well-Dressed Atheist

“It’s pretty hard for atheists to be treated as human beings, “ said Dobbie Thompson of Bristol, Tennessee.  “Though if they select the right proper wardrobe they can at least appear to be civilized. A little goes a long way. “
“A beast all covered with fur should dress well. That’s what I always say. A sports-jacket add that special touch of class that says, ‘looky here, this one one well-dressed atheists. A long-sleeve shirt with cuff-links is good, too. A necktie that any Christian would wear to church will make any atheist more appealing. Shoes shined, neatly pressed pants. A hat is not mandatory. But if I was the atheist I’d wear one. Wouldn’t take no risks of being shot in public. It being hunting season and the atheist that varmint who don’t need to be living. “
“I seen an atheist tip his hat to a Christian woman and he got shot for that. Smiling will also attract buckshot. When I was in Johnson City, Tennessee, I seen a atheist get throwed out of a restaurant. I don’t think Christians want to eat next to atheists. Don’t want atheists around when they sitting down to diner. Makes sense. Them atheist don’t use knife or fork. A napkin is out of the question. And they growl and yammer like a pack of monkeys. “
“Put a necktie on a pig and it can pretty him up a might. That’s what it’s like for the atheist to get dressed up. As a fashion tip I recommend the atheist to dress up, look the part of the human being, even if he ain’t one. I recollect they bark a lot and that would detract from the business suit. Splash some cologne on, rub that hair tonic into their thick fur. “
“Socks would help the atheist. I noticed they don’t wear none. And they could try and trim their fur. That animal instinct in them to prey upon us will never diminish. And likewise we return the favor. The Christian has got to protect the community. “
“Why is the Christian community so riled up about atheists? It’s his tail many of find offensive. It wags as though keeping time to some strange music. Them gnarly yellow teeth, them fangs that stick out when they bark at one another. I don’t know what they saying. But it can’t be much. The first thing most folks do is cover their ears. There’s an atheist coming. Look out. They was born to do awful things. They wild. It’s a shame we got so many in east Tennessee. Even though we put up them signs last year in Bristol. ‘No atheists allowed,’ ‘Atheists ain’t allowed.’ ‘No atheists parking.’ ‘No faithless beasts served here.’ ‘Agnostics are not allowed.’
“An atheist is the Bible Belt gets the shakes when they in public. Go out to the mall you know something bad is going to happen. People see one and they open their Bible and start reading scripture to the atheist. And he starts to writhe in pain, cover his ears. Bark and yammer. His back arch up like he was going to heave. Head twist around several times. Just a big knot sitting between his shoulders. And his eyes popped out like he seen the Holy Ghost. The atheist gasping for air, his long ears standing up, wiggling. You grab a atheist by them long ears and throw him around. That don’t keep him from coming round. He come back. Cause he thinks he’s a member of the community. But he ain’t. He’s a stray varmint. A tall rodent-like creature that annoys us. We put up with them. We do. We tolerate the beast because we are gentle people. Christians love everybody. “
“It’s a pity the atheist has lost faith in the Lord. The Christian faith leaves us with no choice.We put them out of their misery. A good thing Christians are so understanding. “

Birds At The Church

I love it when birds sing, “ said Reverend Billy Bible.  “But not during the sermon. It’s a distraction. Half the congregation is listening to the birds. They were warblers. Chickadees and robins and a few larks thrown in. It’s been going on now for quite some time. For the last two months those birds have perched in trees near the church and they sing their hearts out. “
Don’t the name of that hymn. It’s right on the tip of my tongue. Every christian in Britol knows it. It isn’t  “Rock of Age, “ I can tell you that. It isn’t  “Old Rugged Cross “ not by a long shot. I wish I knew what it was. They sing the same hymn every Sunday morning. Everybody loves to hear those birds sing. But for the life of us we don’t recognize the hymn.
They probably been singing that hymn for a thousand years. Got handed down. And they come to church and whistle it. Chirp. You can see them get excited jumping up around the top branches where the air is sweet. They make all in all a lovely, heavenly sound. You hear it and you just want to cry.
They hear us singing. They hear the organ music and they want to participate. Which is all fine and good. Birds of course have a right to worship, too. We’re all the Lord’s creatures. Those birds are surely praising the Lord and we should look upon their visits as a blessing.   Though more and more it’s becoming a nuisance. The decibels have increased. Since the birds have been joined by other birds. I saw a cardinal last week. And the week before I saw a couple of wrens, a grackle and a few blue jays. As well, I saw one scarlet tanager. The whole bird population of east Tennessee was represented. I think it was a convention. Something was going on that most important.
It was a sing-a-long. And when I started to preach my sermon the birds didn’t cease. They began to preach along with me, as though to vouch for what I was saying. And during the prayer the birds were even louder. Whistling and jabbering away. I’m sure they were praying with me, too.
It’s obvious to me that I as a minister I am the leader of the flock. And that flock includes birds. Those birds love the Lord and those birds want to hear me preach. So I’m going to do that. I thank those birds for coming to the Sunday Worship. We should all take into account the birds are setting a good example for us. They are all good Christians devoted to praising the Lord. While they cannot enter the house of the Lord they can worship.
Those birds had experienced a calling. They felt obligated to participate in the Christian Community. And who was I to say they couldn’t. So I immediately turned down offers to fire shotguns in the air before church. I didn’t want to frighten away those Christian birds. I refused suggestions offering to bring along cats to prowl the church grounds.
Instead I suggested we put out breadcrumbs and birdbaths for the birds. It was the least we could do.
Listening For Mrs Sisk

I was all of thirteen years old. When Mrs Sisk asked me a favor. Couldn’t believe she picked me out of all the children. She seen something in me. I don’t what. Maybe she seen my soul. Since I was so young it was probably pretty clean. Didn’t smoke cigarettes. Never cussed. If I caught a little fish at Holston I threw it back. I never told anybody to give me their lunch money. I figure they might need it to buy something.
Mrs Sisk was pretty. It was apparent I was her boy. She recognized me a religious little fellow. I prayed a lot. If somebody asked me to pray I spoke in a reverent way, thanking the Lord for what we were about to ear. Or saying one of those dismissal prayers, which let the young people’s group go home. Bristol most popular church was Windsor Avenue Presbyterian. And she was the young people’s director.
She gave the responsibility of listening. Cause she said I was a good listener. And honest and she mentioned she liked my dismissal prayers. Those children knew when I started the prayer they’d get to go home soon.
All that summer boys and girls sought me out. Not because they wanted to talk to me, nor because I had something they wanted. Or that I had done something wonderful. Nothing like that.
They knocked on my door and stopped in the street to tell me something. They found me where ever I was. At the ball field, at church, at the grocery store, at school and at the library. I couldn’t get away from them.
The truth was Mrs Sisk that summer had assigned me to listen to them recite bible scripture. Each had to learn twenty verses from the Bible and recite them from memory. She couldn’t listen to them because she didn’t have the time. She taught school. And she had bad hearing. Why she picked me out of all the boys and girls in town I didn’t know. Neither did anyone else in town. All they knew was they had to seek me out and recite their Bible lessons or suffer the consequences.
What dreadful things might happen to them I wasn’t exactly sure. They might fall from grace. Which meant Mrs Sisk might speak poorly of them to their parents. Or the Holy Spirit himself might intervene that summer and they be subjected to punishments which could only be described as unspeakable. All that summer we heard of children breaking out with poison ivy or mosquito bites. Or they managed to somehow barely survive bicycle accidents. Or worse, they suddenly be struck by bouts of incoordination and strike out at the ball-field or lose their sharp eye for putting the ball in the hoop.
Either way no one wanted to risk anything. They diligently learned their scripture and found me. Sometimes they knocked on my door. After 8 PM. I tried to be nice to them. I invited them in. Or we sat on the front porch and I’d open my Bible and make certain they got their lines right.
All the while I wondered why I was the one Mrs Sisk chose to be the listener. She knew I came from a good family. She knew I was a Christian. That I loved the church and always attended Sunday Worship. I suppose it was that. But also simply that she liked me. And that was enough. The kids knew I was one of her favorites. It didn’t seem to make much difference to them who they recited their verses to. As long as they got credit and they didn’t break out in poison ivy rashes or lose their eye for the hoop or the fast ball.   All that summer I listened and listened. But something happened. A most unfortunate thing. Some of the boys and a few of the girls couldn’t exactly recall their verses. They missed a line or two. They murmured through their missed lines. And more and more I found myself giving them a pass. Letting get through it and writing down in my book their name and the scripture they had recited. As though they hadn’t missed a line or swallowed their words. As though they had clearly and brilliantly recalled each word without a second’s pause.
And on occasion I was approached by one or two of them and informed they couldn’t recite their verses because they hadn’t had time. Or found it too hard. Or they had been distracted by something. Unable to concentrate. Memorization being more difficult for some than others. All that came out from Bobby Blair was a spew of duhs and uhs, which was hardly biblical. And Lucy Hall twisted her curls while gritting her teeth. She stood on one leg and twirled around as though spinning might improve her memory. Betty Hayes tilted her head and whistled. Occasionally a portion of a Bible verse would surface. Broken pieces from some picture I had to piece together. But couldn’t. Because it was the kids who had to do the work. Memorize their verses. Learn the Bible. I saw Harry Culler jump around on one foot to jog his memory. Kelly Piller said she knew her verses. But didn’t have time to repeat them. She had to go home and do her arithmetic home work.
 And Henry Cash, my best friend, groped for the right words to his verses. He was pitiful. I saw a few kids weep. Bow their heads. Shoulders trembling. As though they were Christians thrown to the lions. Tortured. Like facing a firing squad or the guillotine. Some mumbled, some I heard make lamblike sounds. Grumbling as if they had eaten something awful. Birdlike gestures with their hands. Eyes were often shut tight. Noses were scratched. They bit their lower lip and looked into the distance as though to find something they’d lost. It was difficult to watch. And so, if it was possible, could I see a way to let them go. Give them credit when they hadn’t recited any verses at all. They begged me. They looked me with sad faces and spoke with the saddest voices I’d ever heard in my life.
 And so I wrote their names down in the book, denoting their brilliant recall of Bible verses. I felt sorry for them, and did not want them to suffer the consequences. I sought not to throw anyone to the lions. I protected them.
Unfortunately word got back to Mrs Sisk near summer’s end. She was informed of my lapse. My complete lack of judgment. One of the boys had told how difficult it had been to memorize the verses, and how I had doctored the books. Given him credit for reciting verses when he had recited nothing. I had broken her trust in me. Though she never chastised me for my misdeed she treated me differently from then onward. Never smiled at me. She knitted her brows and pursed her lips as though to attempt to speaking. Yet nothing came forth. I was no longer her favorite. A certain distance had grown between us.
Several years later, home from college, I saw her walking home from church. He hadn’t changed a bit. She looked up and across the street where I stood. She lifted her hand as though to wave. But something stopped her.

Bible Thief

How many Bibles in Bristol? Nobody knows exactly. Around seven thousand or more. Give or take a few hundred. Everybody loves their Bible. It’s got more stuff in there than you know. People read it all the time. It puts them at ease. They lose their troubles. You sit down in a soft chair and read it aloud. Everybody perks up its ears. Them Beatitudes can make you feel like a million dollars.
Somebody stole my Bible, “ said Andy Jenkins.  “They swiped it. I seen it in the house one day and the next it was gone. Then I talked with Gladys Pride and she said somebody done took her Bible, too. We got ourselves an honest to goodness Bible thief here in Jonesboro, Tennessee. Who do you suppose is dumb enough to steal Bibles? And what do you think they doing with them Bibles? “
I knowed it ain’t the Devil because he can’t touch the Bible. Gets the shivers. Screams bloody murder. The Devil don’t like getting near the Bible. He can hear the pages whisper when they get turned and he cringes. You ain’t never going to see the Devil anywhere near the Good Book. You recite scripture to the Devil. He covers his ears and runs away. I seen him skedaddle off like a jackrabbit been shot. He jumped clean up in the air some twenty foot and flapped his arms. Flew off toward Watauga Lake. I think he hid out in the mountains all that summer. “   If anybody took my Bible, I do hope it was because they needed one. They needed the word of the Lord. Real bad. If that’s the case, I’m willing to forgive and forget. Seeing how the Good Book done more good for somebody else. Maybe the person had a good reason to swipe my Bible.
Don’t think anybody has ever stole a Bible in east Tennessee, said Hilda Vernon. Never has happened. I own a Bible store in town and nobody has ever shoplifted a Bible. Not the King James Version, nor the Revised Standard Version. Or them Modern Times versions. Not a single Bible has ever been lifted. We take inventory. We know how many Bibles we got.
Ever since The Evangelical Spectator published that story on The Bible Thief we been counting our Bibles. And there all there. Every cotton-picking dern one of them. I mean it’s astounding we ain’t been hit. The store is right in the middle of town. Can’t miss it. Every thief knows about us.
Most folks got too much conscience to pinch a Bible. It would kill most Christians. They would grab hold of their chests, grimace like a grizzly bear and howl like wolf. Drop dead of a heart attack because they stole the Good Book.
The police are on the look out for them missing Bibles. Eighteen is the last count. Eighteen stolen Bibles in Jonesboro. Ain’t that the most awfullest thing you ever heard? Hit me like a truck, it did. People today ain’t got no shame. Don’t feel nothing for their fellow Christians. If I’d done that, I’d croaked.
If I’d stole one of them there Bibles, said Effie Snavel. And it stormed. I wouldn’t go out because I knowed the Lord would strike me with a bolt of lightning. Snap, crackle, bop. Split me down the middle. Or maybe rocks will slide down a mountain and crush me. Or a truck come out of the blue and flatten me. Or I would drown at the lake.
I bet the next person gets struck by lighting or dies in a traffic accident or ends up a drowning victim is the one. Could be anybody. I’m going to pray on it. I’m to ask the Lord to forgive the one who took them Bibles.
The next day The Evangelical Spectator learned that an impoverished old gentleman hitchhiking through Franklin, Tennessee on his way to no where particular had been apprehended. He’d confessed to stealing the Bibles. They arrested him for loitering and public intoxication. He’d been begging for money in the street. He carried the Bibles around with him in a laundry bag. He had burgled various houses in Jonesboro, taking only Bibles. Why? He was asked.
I don’t know. It come to me them Bibles needed taking. So I took them. I wanted to sell them. But I couldn’t.
Funny, how that happened. Them Bibles whispered things to me. I’d be minding my own business and I’d hear them say things. Like how I wasn’t an awful man. I wasn’t no bum. I heard them Bibles saying how I wasn’t mean and no good. How I was good for something. I brung them away with me, hoping them Bibles would help me. The first Bible I took made me feel young. And when I took another it made me feel smart. And the next Bible I took made me happy. And the next one gave me a feeling that I was important. So I kept taking them Bibles. Who can blame me?
The sheriff reported the following day the Bible thief received packages. Lots of packages at the jail house. Each package contained a Bible. It was usually accompanied by a note:
Hope this Bible will be the one. Here’s my old Bible. It’s given me a lot. I hope it gives even more to you. Or I’m sending you my Bible. This one’s been in my family for six decades. It means everything to me. But somehow I think it would mean more to you.

Hickory Trees

There was a time when hickory trees in Bristol could talk. They were right friendly and all. You couldn’t get a word in edgewise. They gabbed so much. Despite their loquacious they were eloquent, quoting Twain, Shakespeare, holy scripture when the occasion arose. Sundays a hickory tree could preach a sermon. The rest of the week the hickory tree might tell you a riddle. Charm you with one of its favorite bedtime stories.
You knew a tree could talk if it had fruit. Or blossoms. Pine trees spoke in haughty voices. Cedars stuttered. Dogwoods had a lisp. An elm tree could bend your ear. Hickory trees could tell you the weather. Sometimes could philosophize about the life of a hickory tree.
What was important to the hickory tree was sunlight along its top branches. That feeling that it had a place in the world. People come and sit down beneath. The shade of a hickory tree in Bristol cool and sweet, kissing you on the cheek. And if the hickory tree had something to say it cleared its throat and spit it out. It was always going on about Bristol, the leaves, the tall branches that had the most delightful things to say about Sullivan County. It was a pleasure to live in a place where the foxes and the rabbits and the wild deer enjoyed it all.
Naturally we took to listening. The hickory trees all jawing and arguing about what hickory trees were better than another tree. The elm, oh, my, they were low on the totem pole.
There was something joyful about a tree with something to say. They said things like,  “Hello, how are you? Hi ya doing? It’s been so long, hasn’t it? How’s the family? Golly gee, it nice of you to drop by. I don’t know when I last saw you. “
It never occurred to anybody that trees would hush up. Not no how and no way could anything keep them from jawing about the weather, sports, politics. Telling jokes and gossiping. Trees told stories mostly about other trees. How this one old apple tree woke up late one night and couldn’t get back to sleep and asked another tree right next to it to sing something pretty. It was a maple trees. And maples trees can’t sing worth a lick. But it up and tried its best, warbled, screeched  “Greensleeves. “ The song awful sounding woke everybody in the woods, and on account it was their beauty sleep they lost, nobody appreciated it much. The apple tree was later that day charge with disturbing the peace and had to pay a large fine. Or get chopped for kindling.
And ever since then trees stopped singing. They took it the wrong way. Trees being light sleepers and insomniacs every one of them. Especially apple trees who have been known not sleep for days on end. Up all night under the stars. Twiddling their branches. Waiting for bees to make a freckled sky. Tickle their blossoms and go on their merry ways.
Of course the trees still talked. They were still gabby. Telling stories and swapping jokes with anybody who would listen. They knew things about birds that no one knew. Bears were always rubbing their backsides against trees. Bears itched a lot. They were born that way. Rabbits had secrets they kept from every living creature in the woods. But somehow trees knew about them. And told everyone about the magic properties of cabbages. Good for clearing a rabbit’s head and giving it the boundless energy. Power to leap across Steele Creek. Run and hop for miles.
It gave trees a special feeling of pride to know all these things and tell us. They couldn’t help themselves. It made them feel wonderful to tell those guarded secrets. We looked upon trees as a source of knowledge. Why there wasn’t a day anyone didn’t stop by Steele Creek to listen to the trees. Apple trees, cherry trees, pear trees. They had something to tell you that you need to know. They entertained everybody. Surprised everybody. You couldn’t predict what a cherry tree would say next.
And there was the day they stopped talking. And nobody knew why. Did they catch cold? Have laryngitis? Had they taken a vow of silence? And why would they? What happened? What occurred that summer night to turn them into mutes? Had a witch put a curse on them? Why did trees suddenly lose the powers of speech. Didn’t they like us? Didn’t they want to confide us their secrets? Or was it possible they had simply run out of things to say?
Or was it something we did? Did we somehow lose their trust? What was it that we did? We promised not to do it again. We begged. And we are still begging. We are at a loss to understand why trees have cut us off from all communication. Turned a cold shoulder to us. Pretend they don’t know us. It has been a great mystery.
The truth is trees never stopped talking to animals and other trees. They just stopped talking to people. We don’t measure up to their standards. We have jilted them too many times. Offended their principles. Their resentment arrived in a consensus of opinion when many years ago we hanged people from trees. In the Bible Belt, black people were hung from trees. And the trees deplored. The trees had no say in the hangings. They objected. Protested the violence and their complicity. It sickened them. The tree felt violated. And so they should have. Little wonder trees stopped talking. But the lesson trees teach us by their silence continues.

Saint Bartholomew's Apples

St Bartholomew’s is the oldest church in east Tennessee. Bristol talks about that old church like it was the best thing in town. People drive by and blow their horn during the week. If you one to attend on Sunday you need to reserve seats. It’s plenty popular. You look at it maybe you don’t notice the sterling qualities, the masterwork of the mason. But it’s there. The acoustics inside that old church give it a resonance like no other. You hear holy scripture read aloud and every word flies around the sanctuary and lands sweetly in your ear.
One Sunday a tree appeared in the church garden. Just sprung right up out of the ground overnight. No one had noticed it before. The tree was filled with apples. The biggest, reddest apples anyone in east Tennessee had ever eaten. Each branch sagged from the weight.
It didn’t seem like a far-fetched thing to happen. The congregation picked the apples. They were said to be the sweetest apples anyone could remember eating. Delicious. Everyone brought a basket to fill. Children climbed up to the top branches and dropped apples to the crowd that had gathered.
Naturally the apples reminded everyone of the garden of Eden. But it seemed okay to eat the apples as that was long ago. And Adam and Eve weren’t around to discourage any of the apple-picking. It didn’t occur to anyone that eating the apples would cause any undue consequence.
The ladies sold apple pies from the ones they picked. A few ladies made apple-butter and apple jam. They made apple fritters and apple cider and apple-crumb cake. It seemed a good thing, as the money went to helping out the church.
I was there, Jeff Stone said, I ate one of them apples. And I don’t know what happened. But that apple went down inside and me and changed me. I felt happy all at once. It was magic. I began to smile and laugh. I could enjoy things I never enjoyed before. My head spun around. I like everybody I knew. Folks I really detested I suddenly say them as fine people doing the best they could with what they had. I forgave most of the people in my life I knew for doing things against me. I even forgave the fox that got into my hen-house and killed my best layer.
I had a bad cough and sniffles, said Faye Wyatt. And after I ate one of them apples my cold went away. I perked up. I did.
I ate two apples, said Milt Tampas. And suddenly I had energy to do things I haven’t done in years. I fixed my tractor, I painted my barn and I mowed my who two acres. Wasn’t tuckered out. I was just starting. Pretty good for a seventy-one year old man.
I ate one, said Billy Talbot, It was exhilarating. The strangest thing happened. I can see things, hear things I’ve never even imagined before. I hear angels singing when I’m in the backyard. I hear the crickets at night promising me the happiest days. I feel a burst of freedom. Because there’s nothing in my way. Nothing interferes with my desires, my five senses. And I have a sixth sense. It’s the sense that those apples gave me. Innocence.
Not the innocence of a child. But the innocence of one who was somehow pure. Everything changed. Everything seemed so clear. Like a intense bean of light shining down all around me. It reached out to me. I knew things about myself and others I didn’t know before. I knew I could change. I could hear so much better. I could understand them, It’s as though I didn’t have ears before. And they could hear me. I could see things. The most wonderful things.   When I bit into the apple, Carlotta Jones said, I heard a snap, a crunch like something had broken inside me. A box buried deep within me. A vessel. And from it flowed upward a joy. The juices of the apple made me light-headed. I was carefree. Suddenly uninhibited. I sang like bird. I’d never done that. I was seized by the impulse to let my spirit free. The vessel that had broken inside released me. And around me everywhere I looked there was a garden. Tall trees, beautiful wild flowers. Birds were singing. And I knew that beautiful garden came from inside me. I had carried it with me all the time and didn’t know it.
I happened to know those apples were blessed. They were church apples after all, Reverend Jackson said. We had several people fall in love and knock on my door. They wanted to get married. They were all so in love. Just crazy about each other. Those apples got inside them and did wonders. It was as though the Lord blesses each apple with blessing. A wish. And whatever the person who ate the apple wished for they received.
I ate one of those apples, too, the Reverend pointed out. He laughed and said, I wonder what’s going to come my way? The next day his church was so full they had standing room only. They loved his sermon. They planned on going to Wednesday Prayer Meeting, too. About a hundred new people in Bristol fell in love with him. Followed his around everywhere. Can’t get enough of him. Those apples gave him charisma, you think?

Bristol Mornings

When the light rolls over the horizon you can hear it whisper. It knows everybody’s name in Bristol. I heard it every day since I was born. First time I had the sun say something I was four years old. Kind of scared me. I thought maybe I done something wrong.
We see that light and we know the morning sun will soon roll over the mountain, giving Bristol a chance to shine. The dark jump up and run around looking for a hiding place. The crickets stop whistling and the the owl hoots crawl up in the hills.
The streets of Bristol wake up from their beauty rest. The sun like Elvis shakes its hips. The moon’s tickling a piano. Starlight strums the guitar. The orange sun twangs a banjo. The blue sky plays a fiddle. Holston River sings a country song. It’s been going on for two hundred years or more.
The city of Bristol loves it when the light kisses its streets. Peeks in every window, just checking up on us. You ever see the light come into your living room and sit down on the sofa.
We love that morning light. We enjoy its company. It’s all we got sometimes. Only guest in the house. Don’t eat much, never watches TV. Once in a while it reads a magazine. Looks at us with that kind face that light shows the ones it loves the most.
Most days are new. Though we know some old days try to pass themselves off as new. Can’t fool us. They look like they been through it. Got a few gray hairs, wrinkles, circles under its eyes.
The news days all shine like silver dollars. You can see your face in them. We spend them carefully, knowing how the hours are careful not to be wasted. Why turn your back on a day, just because you think it’s not going to give you what you been wanting for the longest time.
A day is always hoping we need it. Got to have it. Wouldn’t want to appear ungrateful. Days don’t like the picky. If a day is new it has every right to tell you what to do. Get up, shower, comb your hair, brush your teeth, gargle, dress -- put on clothes that the day loves. You see that light streaming through your window. The light will pick out your clothes. Shine on them. Lift them off the hanger. You think it’s got better things to do?
The new day comes right up to you, and asks you for a favor. Don’t pretend you don’t know the day wants you to come around. New days need to feel needed. They always seem to have low self esteem. So do what they say.
All days are good. The bad ones just need a little encouragement. The mornings come with a lifetime supply of bliss. So help yourself. Bristol mornings have pretty hands that tidy up the streets, adjust the buildings if they’re crooked. You never seen a street in Bristol with dirt under its fingers. The face of morning is Roy Akkuff one day, Tennessee Ernie the next. The dogs in Bristol bark with a southern accent. You know east Tennessee’s wind will slap you on the back and say ‘Bless your pea picking hearts.’
Mornings in Bristol come with hand lotion. Every leaf, every tree knows it can keep away the wrinkles by what falls from the sky. The dew is a thing that just happens. It falls over east Tennessee. And if you didn’t know it you’d think it was a southerner. Cause it come down real quiet. Stepping across Sullivan County. Resigning up Holston River, neatly tucking in the rocky shore. Asking the birds to throw a little music on east Tennessee. We know that music makes the cabbage and corn grow. Green peas will never forget the morning dew for what it does. Gives them the confidence to grow.
The first few minutes of a morning all ready to go. Dressed up in their blue trousers, blue blazers, blue dresses. Those red lips, those beautiful eyes. Morning’s got quite a figure. And to think, it’s all ours.
The morning light feels sorry for night. Having left by that backdoor in the west. The last remains of night are kind of charming just lying down over there. Lingering in the doorways, the alleys full of dark puddles. Behind the stores along State Street.
Don’t you touch the shadows. They’re ticklish. They hate being pushed around. You see a shadow lying on the ground, let it rest. Sooner or later it gets chased around. Flies right up into the sky.The evening sun is lying down over there. Taking a nap. It was up and around earlier. I heard it say something so pretty the birds outside sang along. Letting the city of Bristol know that the morning had arrived. Everybody get out of bed. Get ready because the day is coming. Don’t know if it’s Wednesday, or Friday. It could be a day that might give you something you’ve been needing for years. Who knows?
Only the morning light in Bristol knows the truth.

Dot On A Map

There’s Bristol. I seen it on the map. Hiding behind Johnson City, like it didn’t want me to find it. One beautiful town. Yet on the map it was just a name accompanied by a dot. I know it probably knew that dot for a long time. They maybe went to school together. Read the same books.
The baffling thing was how did they get everybody in Bristol inside that dot?
This question came up when I had pulled over to the side of the road, just outside Kingsport. I heard a cry from the dot. Then another cry, a tiny voice trembling like a leaf. Trying to tell me to turn right. Don’t pick up no strangers. Keep your eye on the road.
Dots are pushy. This dot in particular had something on its mind. I never heard so many voices insist that Country Music was the greatest thing ever invented since electricity. The voice hemmed and hawed around. One voice was high, another was low.
The dot was full of Bristolians. And you know how they are. I heard them bragging about how they got guitars that can talk you out of your house and home. We got lots of fiddlers. They live in Bristol and you can hear them playing. It’s not unusual to hear them warming up for the Jamboree.
You can recognize fiddlers by their happy faces and eyes that sparkle. The fiddlers outnumber the guitar pickers. The guitar pickers don’t care if anybody outnumbers them. It’s all good. And the dogs will turn around in circles, chasing their tails. And Tennessee Ernie’s voice come up to you, pat you on the head. And the Carter Family sings in the wind. Can’t you hear them in the birdsongs, the trills of cicadas, frogs out at Steel Creek Park jamming. Laying down those riffs that wake up the crawdads.
The streets of Bristol are full of musicians. It’s hard to tell the people from the musicians. One fellow may appear normal. And the next moment, turn into a guitar picker or banjo player. It happens in Bristol a lot. We can’t help it. We’re talented.
The guitar is happy to be in Bristol. It loves our town. The drums come here to wake up the quiet. You poke the quiet in the stomach you better be ready to fight. The guitars move in circles. They enter Bristol’s best establishments and take their places. There are more guitars in Bristol than dogs. You can’t pick a dog. He gets perturbed. And you don’t want a dog to be miffed.
That’s Country Music for you. We elected it Mayor last year. Country Music has done quite well. A little over budget. We hope it doesn’t spend too much on sheet music. Every day is a music festival in Bristol. The music comes around and knocks on every door. You don’t tell Country Music anything. You listen to it. All acoustic splendor. And you know that it’s against the law to tell a guitar player to slow it down. Cause his fingers got only one speed. And that’s rickety split, strumming the side of a red barn. The instrument sitting on his knee. You got to understand the life of a guitar player is demanding. Every song played Bristol is a country son. The lyrics come along and we ride them up and down State Street.
A guitar will tell you is the truth. You sing and hum along. The jamboree begins when the fiddlers all go home. The tunes that carry in their briefcases. You could catch fish with a fiddler’s tune. Blue stripers, rainbow trout, large mouth bass. It’s all in the wrist.
People in Bristol writing songs all day and night. Them squiggly letters come out and wave at you, when they know the time is right. The curly ones and the long legged ones. You see how charming the country songs we write. It just takes your breath away.
If you bust a guitar string in Bristol, somebody will cry. We hate to hear that twang. It’s like somebody got the door slammed on their fingers. Trying to get back in that tune will take some doing. Just turn that doorknob. The beautiful sound of Country Music could save the world. If everybody would come to Bristol, they could hear things they ain’t never heard before.
The music comes out of us. Takes you by the hand. The blues is country. And the voice is riding bareback on a cow. The lyrics is waving their hats in the air. The melody wants to know the truth about everybody. Wants to help them understand how important the value of country music.
We can all sing and play beautifully. We’re the small southern town that give birth to Country Music, and we’re not bragging about it. We’e just telling the world the truth. The history of country music began in our town.
It was just a baby 10 pounds, three ounces. Tousled red hair, freckles, chewing tobacco. That baby got slapped on its pink rump. And it hadn’t stopped singing since.
We keep picking it up. Don’t have no effect. This baby has a pretty voice that can make the world dance a gig. And so don’t you go around thinking that Bristol is just a town. It’s got a baby. And country music should never forget where it come from.
The dot stopped talking to me when I put down the map. Dots don’t know when to shut up.
How are you going to put up with a dot saying all that? Dots should be seen and not heard. They got some nerve.
Bristol has more pickers per capita than anywhere I know of. Not so sure about the grinners, too many Bristol pickers have a blank serious look when the mood to pick up their instrument strikes. Makes you think they must play at funerals enough that they have the look muscularly memorized.

Old Bunting's Drugstore

When it closed its doors to the public, old Bunting's Drugstore became legend. It had got a fine reputation, like Davy Crocket. And I guess you could say we miss it, like an old friend who got old, heard the angels sing.
The old Bunting's Drugstore lunch counter was legendary. It's reputation based on cheese sandwiches, cheese burgers, shakes, the best coffee anywhere in town, cherry colas, grilled doughnuts -- and hot dogs that were smothered with chilli. A superb zesty meat sauce that sang 'Dixie.'
Bristol fell in love with it. Head over heels. It was love at first taste. It come at us and took us up. Lifted us right up into the blue sky. We flew around like birds. The children adored that saucy delicious way chilli told us how special we were. It give us a kind of love that comes rarely. It knowed us. It kind of wanted us to never forget it. That chilli hit the spot.
We couldn't pass Bunting's without that scent of chills tapping us on the shoulder and inviting us in for a bite. Irresistible things like Bunting's chilli shouldn't be allowed to mingle with the crowd. You need a private invitation.
Some say they can still smell Bunting's chilli. A little puffy cloud of meaty goodness that comes up to you and smiles. That chilli just cared too much about Bristolians. Knew our names. Watched us grow up. Always taught us do the right things, gave us everything we needed. How much can chilli give a small southern town? More than we deserved.
Chill with its pretty face. Lovable. Chubby cheeks. Always showing respect, kindness, a little helping hand, boosting our confidence. Kids who threw tantrums stopped to bite their hotdogs. The chili gave them a feeling of being superior. Better than dogs, cats, squirrels, rabbits. You see a turtle or toad in Bristol you knew you were better, because you ate a hotdog at Bunting's.
The scent lingers in a cool breeze. Usually from the northeast. Tells not to worry. Everything's going to work out all right. The chilli made friends like crazy.
Went to our graduations, weddings, church picnics. It was a good companion. I'm not saying that Bunting Drugstore's chilli was better than any other chilli, but it could do things that you didn't expect chilli to do.
Like tell you that you are important. Smile, ask you for a favor. If you remember me, I'll give you good fortune. Learn how to add and subtract, multiply. Lean to read a whole book. Ride a bicycle, swim, climb a tree on Windsor Avenue, you know that big elm? You'll meet the girl of your dreams.
Let's always be best friends. Cilli's got the best intentions. Let it show you the way, never fusses over you. If you drops on your blouse, your mother will get upset. What does chilli do when it's the most precious substance known to mankind. In Bristol, we discovered Bunting's chilli like Edison discovered the light bulb. Like Alexander Graham Belle invented the telephone.
The buzz of Bunting Drugstore chilli gave us what we needed. We're gratiful for it. We've grown up, The hot dog at Bunting's was topped with the most delicious chilli in the world.
Giving us all a joy that trickled on our tongues the tasty spicy pleasures of Bristol. Sullivan County has birds that sang about that chilli. The crickets talk about it all the time. The demise of Bunting's chilli broke our hearts. One day we were sparking and the next it left by the backdoor.
Got so sad we don't hardly know what to do. Our search everywhere for recipe. It's a treasure map. We need to raise it from the dead. A zombie replacement will not do. We need the real thing in Bristol. No second rate chilli, please. If it comes back we'll be part of the welcome committee.
Bands will play on State Street. Crowds of people everywhere. Chilli riding in one of those limousines. Waving and smiling at us. Ain't we fortunate that chilli come back to save us? Now we know the reason we was born. To eat that chilli. Let the spoon out of the drawer. Smooch, cuddle. Bunting's chilli has got us by the tail.
We going to give it an engagement ring. The wedding in next week, Wednesday, one o'clock on the dot. Chilli said 'yes.' We're going to the Great Smokey Mountains. Our honeymoon will be so grand.
They'll put pictures in the newspaper. Cause Bunting's Drug Store chilli is famous. Who knew it cared so much about us? There's no mistaking our affection for whatever it was that chilli gave us. It was powerful, I'm telling you. Best thing ever happened to Bristol. It's a celebrity, like Tennessee Ernie Ford. You expect Bunting's chilli to save us from our ordinary lives. It was quite an entertainer. It should've gone to Hollywood. Another Cary Grant, Marilyn Monroe. It deserves an Oscar

Gullibilitiy of Socks

It happens when people have birthdays, anniversaries. Any holiday on the calendar can be the source of great pleasure. The generosity comes out to play. And everyone is anxious to know what gifts may bestow on them their niceties.
What makes one Christmas in Bristol more memorable than another? The variables for such an equation depend on who is doing the calculating. So divergent are the variables. Our tastes more eclectic with each passing season. My own criteria is socks.
Yes, socks. If I receive a half-dozen or better pairs of socks, it’s a splendid Christmas. Less than three pair and I’m put off. I feel somewhat neglected. I have a tendency to pout. My bruised ego has suffered the indignation of an outcast, one who has committed a crime for which he must pay by wearing his old socks for another year.
Fortunately, my loved ones have always been sensitive in this area. They give me socks on Christmas. Lovely socks. Always the correct size, too. Gorgeous socks. Sometimes I get them in the mail. A package chockfull of socks.
Strange thing is I’ve never told anyone I adore socks. Worship socks. Indeed, I’ve kept it to myself. Mum is the word when it comes to socks. I’m not certain why this is. No one would laugh at me if I told them how much socks meant to me. Surely they would understand my obsession with socks. I just don’t want anyone to think me greedy. Which is why I suppose I don’t call their attention to it. You have my word on that.
Moreover, I’ve never so much as brought up the subject. If someone asks me what I’d like for Christmas, I provide no answer. As if the matter of socks was out of the question. I look puzzled for a moment. I do my best to stump my family and friends.
But every Christmas it’s almost as if they could read my mind. They can sense my likes and dislikes. Let’s send him a gift. What should it be this year? What would he like? What would please him more than anything else in the world? What would endear us to him for the rest of his life? How about a pair of socks!
And if the terrible truth be known, all men secretly wish for socks at Christmas. Of course, they don’t want us to find them out. They dodge the subject of socks at every turn. They go to extremes to keep everyone knowing. Which may explain their behavior on Christmas day, grimacing when face to face with a pair of new socks. They frown and utter their breaths disparaging remarks about socks. Sometimes they moan out loud. The sound resembling a baleful howl. ‘Oh, no. Not again!’ The thing is to shake your head and click your tongue, so as to throw the family off the trail. Hide the real truth -- that there is nothing more bracing than a pair of new socks.
Socks do that to us. We cannot begin to explain the phenomenon. Socks lift our spirits. Our affinity for socks should remain our little secret. We don’t want anyone to know we take inordinate pleasure in amassing large numbers of socks. Our drawers brim over with socks. Heaps of socks carefully folded or rolled up into a ball. A mountain of socks. A fresh supply arriving each Christmas. Give us socks! More socks! For socks make the world go round.   Socks is what you’ll find at the end of the rainbow. Socks! Spanking new socks. No holes in these. Socks fresh from the factory. For socks have the distinct aroma of a meadow covered with wild flowers. And not once do they droop. No, new socks seldom let us down. They roll with the punches. Don’t leave us when we need them. Don’t pinch. Don’t conspire against us. Socks allow the foot a snug abode. Our toes tingle inside new socks. A pleasurable sensation registers in the brain allowing us to think more clearly. The sock, an L-shaped article of clothing usually worn on the foot and knitted or woven extending above the ankle and sometimes to the knee. Not a wrinkle anywhere. New socks take the breath away. The exquisite crease a sight to behold.
The better Christmas being the one in which more socks are received than any other preceding Christmas. Though no self-respecting American male would confess it. Not in a million years. He hopes no one saw him wave his arms in the air and do that little dance when he opened that box of socks. Oh, please, family, look the other way!
Otherwise, he appears the picture of self-control. Albeit from time to time he may fall victim to the childish urge of dashing up and down hallways, skidding on the slippery surfaces of freshly-waxed floors. His news socks a sense of jet-propulsion as he zips around the house. A new mode of transportation for which they will soon no doubt be issuing licenses. He imagines himself traveling to work like that, skidding through traffic while wearing his new socks, waving to his fellow commuters who weren’t so lucky as to receive a pair of new socks.
Socks! The word delights every man alive. Socks give us confidence. With a new pair of socks we can’t lose. We’re headed places. We’re ready for anything. We can lick the world. Face our enemies, deplore the state of world affairs without feeling helpless. Laugh at our accusers. All temptations vanish into thin air.
A man who opens a box on Christmas day to discover socks is reborn, his youthful appearance returns. His I.Q. rises at least a dozen points. He smiles more often. He hums. He whistles. A pair of new socks will make a grown man skip like a school boy. He winks at the world. Sees himself as a gentleman. He is more considerate when he wears his new socks. He speaks politely to everyone. Opens doors, pulls out chairs. A man wearing a fresh, new pair of socks finds himself surrounded by friends. He is filled with the Christmas spirit. His eyes bright. His voice tinged with good cheer. He hugs everyone. Can’t make it from the living room into the dining room without putting his arms around you. Simply because he has been given a pair of new socks.
That arrival of new socks, an occasion for throwing out the old ones. A ritual practiced each year. Out with the old and in with the new. Toss those raggedy old socks into the garbage. Pluck up those unattractive socks, the ugly ones with the big polka-dots and drop them into a paper bag. Enjoy the letting go of old socks. The experience a cathartic release from the past. New socks set us free.
The gullibility of socks. You can tell them anything. And they believe it. Thing is we don’t want to trick our socks. Knowing that there might be a failure of social intelligence in which the sock is easily tricked or manipulated into an ill-advised course of action. Like why don’t socks ever tell you how much they care. The problem with socks is their lack of caution. They just don’t give a hang. If we tell them something, they’re all over it. Cause socks don’t thing we would lie.  It is closely related to credulity, which is the tendency to believe unlikely propositions that are unsupported by evidence.
We are the only member of the animal kingdom to wear socks. A pair of socks is testimony to our civilized nature and superior intelligence. Let us hope that we as a society shall never cease wearing them. Socks make us human. Don’t ever interrupt a sock when it’s telling you what a wonderful person you are. It’ll get mad, knotted up. And in the wash, you don’t know what it will do. Maybe injur itself. Get a hole in its head. And not be able to please you. Turn into a different color and size. And that marriage between you and the sock is doomed.
You’ll be seeking a divorce. You’ll need a good lawyer. Better you stay together. Make up and kiss. Socks like to be smooched. They get too many hugs. That’s what we like about them. They’re so unassuming. So humble.
The sock is a hard working fellow. It don’t know much. Don’t say much. All it needs a drawer to sleep in. Somebody to come along and withdraw it from its bed of iniquity. Save it from the socks that can’t decide right from wrong. You need a sock that will believes in a righteous life.
You know the good socks. Cause they don’t yell, don’t curse, don’t smoke or gamble. They’re kind, show their tenderness by whispering your name. That’s the sock for me.

Yarns The Dark Tells

What old hickory trees say on summer nights is all rumor. Don’t believe it. I don’t care if what anybody says. Rumors don’t grow corn, you know. Just because an old hickory trees says something don’t make it true.
And at night, the old barns in Bristol get to telling stories that pigs and chickens don’t mind. Cause pigs and chickens don’t always check their facts. Not being well read. The goats and the cows are gullible. Did you know a duck believes everything it hears.
Sometimes the wind don’t howl. It plum up and tell you a yarn. Darker it gets the bolder the wind gets. Tells you a humdinger. Some outlandish thing that make you wonder what’s wrong with the wind? Don’t it know no better than to stretch the truth? It’s dark and the stars are listening. The moon got its trumpet to its deaf ear.
The dark is an old man who just can’t get along. Unless it can tell you a whopper. One of them stories that lend you a soft light. Feels good going down. Your ears not at all befuddled.
Like the one it told in Bristol back when I was a child. I heard. I run from it. I hid in the bushes beside my house. Don’t you know I was dumbstruck by it. The dark was in the business of scaring little children. We didn’t the dark poking around in our bones. Too often it come into our bedrooms and tickled our toes.
That yarn that dark told that got me was as follows:
In Bristol, Tennessee, a pig walked into a savings bank on West State Street, pulled a revolver and demanded the teller put money into a poke it was carrying. The pig ran out with the money to the street. Got into the getaway car being driven by a goat. You’ve got to watch farm animals. We don’t expect them to do any shenanigans. But you never know. That’s why we have fences. We live in a permissive society.
It seems every part of our society suffers from high crime. Just when we think we’re safe, we ain’t. East Tennessee is no different. We got to watch everything. Pigs, chickens, horses, goats, cows, geese. Everybody wants a part of the American Dream. I for one done begrudge farm animals anything. They work hard. They deserve to get ahead.
But when they skirt the law I take exception. Law-abiding farm animals live out their lives without robbing banks, cheating on their taxes, gambling on ballgames or drinking alcoholic beverages. Of course, they learned all these bad habits from us. So we have only ourselves to blame. We set a poor example. Soon I expect to hear of goats and pigs and chickens cheating on their income taxes.
It’s a mess. I don’t have a solution to the farm animal crisis. I suppose human beings could set a better example. That might help the situation. Domestic animals live on our property and being so close to us naturally we share so much in common. It figures sooner or later a pig would do something ugly like that. I do hope they catch that pig.
No pictures were run in the newspaper. The story was reported right on the front-page, though. The teller was cited as saying,  “That was one thieving pig that come in here. I knowed he was mean, cause I seen that sinister look in his eye. “
The bank president was upset over how much the pig took.  “Over seven thousand dollars, “ he said.  “This kind of thing has never happened in East Tennessee. “ He shook his head.  “Just another reason to eat pork. “

The Bristol Puzzle

Some got theirs in the mail. Others bought theirs in the toy and games department of a Bristol department store. A guy with a moustache saying pretty things about the puzzle. How it was popular. A real bestseller. Hit the Bristol market and caused a ruckus.
Thirty-four years ago my grandmother give me one of those jigsaw puzzles. It was the town of Bristol, every street and alleyway, every corner of town, all lying down, mixed up in a cardboard box. I took the pieces out and spilled them on a big table.
They had a good time hiding. Someone of them facedown. Or twisting this way and that so you couldn’t figure where they went. Others look at me, like they understood the challenge was too big for me. I was eleven years old. Starting the seventh grade and I was intimidated by the pieces that looked so familiar. Just around the corner.
Could’ve sworn I knew where every piece would go. I worked on that puzzle every day one summer. I got to know my way around town.
But I got tricked. I think they made a mistake. A misprint cause South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia and Kentucky was stuck in Bristol. At least it was when I did that puddle.
I had a place for Atlanta, Roanoke, Lexington, Charlotte, just about every Caribbean island. Then I could tell Spain, Portugal and France was trying to nose their way into Bristol. Barging in like they wanted to take over.
I think mixed those jigsaw pieces up. Bristol doesn’t want to be sitting next to Paris, France, England either. The truth I’ve never seen Westminster Abbey in Bristol.
Maybe that’s what confused me. I’m telling you I just hate it when you have to wedge Hamburg, Germany into Sullivan County. I’m going to guess the pieces were thirsty and got intoxicated at the local bar.
The pieces were octagonal, hexagons, triangles, rectangles with holds in their sides. They grabbed hold of each other, out of sheer love. I think they had a mind of their own. They needed to be in Bristol. Everyone of those streets from Baltimore, Maryland wanted to visit Bristol.
Not so much uninvited guests. No party crashers. These pieces jumped right out of the box and set down in the puzzle. Squatter rights. And they didn’t want to be asked to leave the puzzle, neither. They gave you that don’t touch me look. Don’t ask me to do something I’d regret.
The pieces were well traveled. You might say they were excited tourists. They never let it bother them that Bristol wasn’t happy about their visit. The jigsaw puzzle grunted, snarled when Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador caught a cab on West State Street and headed out to Watauga Lake. I think they went on a picnic. Did a little fishing. Played some golf.
Then I noticed out of the corner of my eye Moore Street was giving me the eye. Windsor Avenue was going around and patting the Swiss Alps on the back. Giving them encouragement for whatever Swiss Alps need to do. Offering them a little encouragement. I guess they knew each other. The pieces sticking perfectly together like they’d been born in the same family. You should’ve seen them kissing and hugging when they got back together again. A family reunion.
Places in one place. A rectangular jigsaw puzzle twelve inches in diameter. Places that somehow wandered across the ocean. Jumped up and landed in Bristol.
What got me was the mysterious appearance of places they didn’t exist in Bristol. They come out and poked me in the eye. I don’t know what I’d do without the Amazon River flowing into the Holston River. The Eiffel Tower and the Statue of Liberty looked good in Bristol. You got to hand it to these puzzle companies. They know how to get the whole world in Bristol.
What happened was that Bristol puzzle was going around town and it was trying to fool everybody. Think somebody shuffled them pieces around. Some got in the wrong box. And I want to tell you how perplexing that was to come upon the Nile River flowing all over Sullivan County.
Madrid, Spain got stuck in the mud out on Steal Creek. I saw windmills in Holland. Sheep in Ireland. What was Ireland doing in Bristol. How come people wasn’t complaining about it.
The puzzled thrower us off. We was temporarily lost. Like a child who went to the movies and couldn’t find its mother.
It was right at that moment everybody in Bristol who owned that puzzle give out with a gasp. Life was mysterious. We thought we knew Bristol like the back of our hand. And we don’t know nothing. How’d the Tower of London get on State Street. And what was the Brooklyn Bridge doing out at Holston River. You got to know somebody was surprised.
Personally that moment was when it first occurred to me that my life was a mystery. Perhaps it was gradual conclusion after encountering several unsolvable secrets. A puzzle on my Grandmother’s dinning room table. All spread out and odd places going here and strange places going there.
Or it could’ve been after I graduated seventh grade and thought I knew everything. And soon afterward, discovered how little I knew. How terribly unprepared I was for entering the world. Equipped with little more than an ambition to write, earn enough money to make a living, start a family and live in the suburbs.
I wondered if places changed. When you turned your back did Bristol change? Streets turn into long stretches of European cobbled streets. You’re suddenly in Denmark, the great pyramids of Egypt where the Bristol Courthouse used to stand. Niagara Falls on Windsor Avenue. The Alamo just off Interstate 81.
If you turn your back, will Bristol’s streets wiggle and change into the streets of Peru, maybe Austria, or Tokyo. Shouldn’t ought to do nothing like that. Though they shimmer up. Put on their Sunday clothes. And you just can’t tell them they’re not wanted in Bristol
Today sometimes I wonder if I know anything. Surely I must know something. However, for the life of me, I’m aware that my best answers are calculated guesses. I seemed to have missed so much. It’s as though I overlooked certain vital things. Didn’t question enough things. Took so much for granted, as though the things that mattered could be easily accepted and not debated. Or even politely questioned. I’m ashamed to admit I’m in the dark.
This could explain my current predicament. I drive a four-door paradox. I live in a two-bedroom conundrum. My wife is an enigma and all my three children are riddles. I don’t understand them and they don’t understand me. My dog is a furry puzzle that barks at the postman and wags its tail at me when I rise each day at 6 A.M.
Every morning I read the newspaper looking for clues. I try to work the crossword puzzle and the cryptogram. There’s always a few items I don’t fill in. At night, before going to sleep I read a few pages of a who-done-it. I don’t understand my dreams. They perplex me. But then again everything perplexes. I don’t even understand what I know.
I want a light to come on. A real intense light that will illuminate my life. I watch television, thinking one day someone will come on a talk show and clear up everything. If the telephone rings, I half-expect it to be someone with the answers to my questions. Spill the beans. Tell me, will you, what I don’t know. I listen carefully. I hang on every word.
Of course, clues are in abundance. There’s no shortage of hints that come one after the other. Unfortunately for every clue there are hundreds of new mysteries. They breed like microbes and annoy me with their new puzzles. Just as I solve one puzzle another ten puzzles appear. Each one more difficult than the last.
A single day is inscrutable. Such perplexities that would stump the Dalai Lama. I’m suddenly aware that there are more questions in life than I have time to answer. I feel the weight of each question press into me. I want to dismiss them as annoyances, like nosey next door or children let loose from school, making too much noise in the street.
I’ve learned to live with a certain amount of confusion. I understand my blindness. Everything is concealed from me at times. Everything is impenetrable. It has the denseness of iron. My incomprehension is not so much an unawareness. But just the opposite. A keen awareness of my lack of knowledge.
I  know a few things. Asia is a chinese puzzle. The Spanish Inquisition resulted in no clear-cut answers. The riddle of the Sphinx has stumped archaeologists for centuries and seems to grow more complex with each new dig.
Uncertainty is a good thing, when you want to enjoy the mystery of guessing, studying to find out what you don’t know. And what we don’t know is apparently more than what we do know.
I know of only one simple truth. There’s nothing good on television. And my cat Reginald was simple. It died on the operating table from complications. This winter I will wear my complexities to keep warm. I’ll pre-heat my perplexities in the oven and serve them to my guests. Come as you are. Dinner is a six o’clock sharp.

Mystery of Birthday Wishes

The question travels around Bristol everytime somebody has a birthday. What you wish for tells people a lot about you. Sizes you up. Takes inventory. You can’t fool a question like that it. It’s got ears. Smiles, frowns, lets you ponder the vast stokehold of treasures in the world.
What do you wish for on your birthday? Tom was my best friend. We grew up together. Swapped comic-books with each. Every year it seemed I was invited to Tom’s house for his birthday. We have a great time as I recall. The candles were lit by his father. He was always lighting things. The candles flickered on the ceiling little pictures of moons that spun around. It was Tom’s seventh birthday, and the cake loomed beneath his chin. He seemed weightless at such moments. He felt as though he was rising upward. He closed his eyes and he blew the candles out. “Birthday boy!“ cheered the room full of such wild people. He’d never seen his father so cheerful. His mother grasped hold of a chair and with her other arm lifted high -- she swung it in an extravagant gesture. The family usually quiet, reverent on Sundays, let out with a roar that was delightful.
“He’s thinking about it.“ “Does he know what to do?“ “Certainly.“ “Blow, birthday boy! Put your lips together and blow!“ “He’s got no idea. Isn’t that cute.“ I noticed something out of the corner of my eye. Tom’s father was showing him how to blow. A sudden gust of wind swept through the house. I estimated the wind was coming from outside. But on careful examination Tom’s father was the source. The man’s eyes bugged out and his brow furrowed and there was that whoosh. A mystical sound that sprang from his round lips.
“Hasn’t got a clue?“ Tom studied the behavior of his family and surmised by all the purposeful directions what must occur. He was to lean forward close to the cake and stare into the candles. The heat of the flame on his cheeks. “Make a wish! Be a blowfish!“ “Nah, don’t spit on the cake. It’s isn’t polite.“ Years later Tom would recall their chiding, advice that was strange, off its mark perhaps. But reflected a tenderness. The concern of loved ones addressing the need for a child to wish for what it was in life he needed most. Whatever that imaginary thing might be. What moved one to yearn for that one thing which would please him like nothing else: “Think! Be careful what you wish for! Birthday boy!“
“Might come true! It can happen to you.“ “Close your eyes! No peeking!“ And so Tom was off on that imaginary sojourn. From birthday to birthday it was his responsibility to make a wish for himself. It seemed a large responsibility at first. The whole world seemed to depend on the outcome of his wish. His family studied him carefully, a terrifying moment, so poignant Tom closing his eyes and puffing the candles out. And how was that humans could blow out candles with their eyes closed. What supernatural act was this? Odd that down through the years Tom remained faithful to his wish. Each time around he wished for one thing. Each year it occurred to him. And so over and over he closed his eyes and blew the candles out.
Tom never told anyone what he wished for. There was the promise of keeping secret one’s wish and in compensation for keeping mum the wish would come true. Loose lips sink ships. He closed his lips and never let it out. Though there came a time a boy named Bobby Faye jumped him and threatened to beat it out of him. Tom was eleven and not about to tell anyone. No matter how much it hurt. There was his sister Kate who asked what he wished for. What sort of wishes do boys make? What is it they want more than anything? She chided him to tell her.
He would be the most perfect brother in the whole world if he would tell her what he’d wished for. “I can’t.“ “Not ever?“ “No. There’s no point of asking.“ “I hate people who keep secrets.“ “So do I.“ “Then please tell me.“ “It wouldn’t be proper.“ He was fearful of her guessing it. “I wish for what everyone wishes for,“ Tom said. “Not everyone wishes for the same thing.“ “How do you know?“ “I know... I’ve asked around. People wish for different things. Fame, fortune, power and love. Lots of people wish for love,“ Tom’s sister said. “I can’t tell you.“ “Birthday boy!“ “You must tell me.“ Tom’s eyebrows sprang upward. He stared at his sister. She was a kind girl. She had never raised her voice to him. She had such tenderness in her. The words that she spoke with such an angry voice hurt him. He could feel a bruise on his arm. “I don’t believe you have the right.“ “I’m your sister.“ “True,“ Tom said. “I’m your blood relative.“ “I can’t deny that.“ “We have the same parents.“ “Uh-huh.“ “We live in the same house,“ she said, politely, as though arguing her case before a judge and jury.
Tom turned his back. He walked slowly through the house. The hallway was long and he heard footsteps behind him. Suddenly he sprang around the corner. Tom ran to his room and locked the door. He heard his sister’s voice on the other side. “Lots of people make wishes for the strangest things. Bald men wish for hair. Short men wish to grow tall. Ugly men want to be handsome. Women with big noses wish for little noses. There are as many wishes as they are people making wishes.“ “For me, there’s only one I wish,“ said Tom. “Which one is that?“ “I can’t tell you.“
He heard a whack. His sister kicked the door. She called him a coward, a rotten child who had no table manners. It was odd she would worry so about something so ordinary. Over the years it was point of comical relief between them. “What is it that you wished for?“ she would inquire. Sometimes he stayed purposefully out of sight. She followed him everywhere. For months she kept her vigil and asked him repeatedly, but he told her nothing. She would ask him each year what he wished for and the battle would continue. He never told her. He wished each year for the same thing. It was the same wish. He told her that. He told that very plainly. There was no doubt about it. Each year he yearned for the same thing. And he closed his eyes and blew out the candles and solemnly wished for the same wish.
Years later I was sitting in Tom’s and the same question came up. “What do you wish for on your birthday...?“ The question came from Tom’s wife. I was sitting on the sofa at the time, and I looked up to see Tom’s bite his lower lip. He didn’t seem surprised. It was a question that sometimes came up in his adult life. A sort of ice breaker. Other folks played the same game. It was a rather simple way of conversing with one another at parties or passing the time with one’s own family. The question was on the lips of people who meant little harm. They didn’t know what they were asking. Tom had always wished the same wish.
“I wish for what everyone wishes for,“ Tom said. “What’s that?“ He had hid the answer from his sister. Me, too. I didn’t want to pry. I was his best friend. It was his secret. He had kept it to himself. So when Tom’s wife asked him the same question, he was naturally suspicious. “Did my sister put you up to this?“ “No!“ Maryann his wife said. “She has been after me for years to tell her what I wish for on my birthday.“ “Has she?“ “Yes.“ “It’s a harmless question.“ “True,“ Tom said. “If you don’t want to tell me, you don’t have to.“ I didn’t say anything. I just sat there mute.
I pretended I was deaf as though I hadn’t heard the question. I closed my eyes and opened a sports magazine that had been lying on the end table to my left. I thumbed through it, hoping not to notice what was happening. A little war of words. “Thanks.“ Tom was hesitant. He didn’t want to tell anyone. He had kept his secret so long it seemed natural to keep it to himself. Why should he gab about it now? He watched as his wife stood up from her seat and walked into the other room. Tom saw in her face a hint of disappointment. Her footsteps were soft, a sort of clacking like an ax striking a tree. He felt himself cracking. He felt odd. I saw Tom run to tell her what he wished for. As for what exactly transpired between two, I don’t know. I’ve never brought the subject up in a conversation with either of them. I can tell you that today Tom and Maryann are still happily married. Very much in love with each other. I can tell you that birthday wishes are fragile things, and you shouldn’t take them lightly. Nor should you speak of them. Unless it’s self-defense. A matter of self-preservation. Then by all means spill the beans.

Rebel Yell

The rebel yell originally began during the War Between The States. It was shrill ear piercing cry of independence. It was designed to instill fear in Union Soldiers. Turn their stomachs inside out. Give them a migraine. Clip their moustaches, beards and pull their hair. Bite them on the ear. Nothing that would kill them. Just scare the fight out of them.
It traveled around chasing Union soldiers up and down Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee. It got quite a repution for pushing those soldiers around. And they didn’t like one bit. Their ears still ringing from hearing the week before. That rebel yell get down in their bones and go to stomping through their blood vessels. It felt like somebody was pulling them down. Advising them on matters of conscience. Asking them if fighting the Confederate Army was worth losing their faculties. Cause that rebel yell make you sadder than a coon dog what lost its best friend,
A little later it was a sound that railroad cars made when they were passing through tunnels. Or going under bridges. Some variations of the rebel yell came along and they could wake you up if you were napping at the lake.
Now one hears that yell seldom if every. And never has it been heard in east Tennessee. It’s all wrapped in old rags. Can’t make out what it’s about. Don’t say nothing bad about Yankees.
Though it might interest you there are variations of the Rebel Yell that still can be heard in Bristol, quiet like, whispering, squeaking at you. Taking over the silence and giving it some character. Noise that glares at you from across the room. A whine from a vacuum cleaner. A car horn, a doorbell, a cat licking its tail.
The noise may tap you on the shoulder. Carelessly inquire as to your affection for Union Soldiers. The tea kettle does that. I wish it stop.
Gargling mouthwash, the sound of gargling with mouthwash is a sort of rebel yell. Be careful not to do it outside the house. Or else dogs may follow you around.
In addition, after careful studies carried over the years, Bristol has become aware of other sources. These include the housefly’s buzz, the cat’s meow and the baa of the sheep. All are subtle variations of a rebel yell.
Not mention the sneeze. Anybody who sneezes in Bristol their nose is doing a rebel yell. I don’t mean the mild sneeze. I mean the sneeze that loudly proclaims its innocence. Even though we know in Knoxville sneezes have robbed banks, kidnapped innocent people for ransom. Why do they do that?

What You Going to Call It?

In Bristol, we are close to our pets. Just because they are animals we don’t deprive them of their self respect. We call them by their names. Outloud. Tenderlike we was talking to somebody who done us a favor. We want to bond with our best friends.
The names of dogs has varied over the years. King, Prince, Poochy-Doodle, Fido, Foxy, Lightning, Thunder, Stormy were once the mainstay. Something happened that made Bristol name its dogs after people. Joe, Sam, Fred, Lisa, Mary, Phil, Carol, April, May, June, Zeeke, Luke, Billy, Doug. Every dog in Bristol has got a name like ours. Here comes Tim carrying the morning newspaper in his mouth. Here comes Brenda. Watch her roll in the grass and bark at the postman.
The most popular baby names for pigs, cows, goats and horses is a strange subject. While we here in East Tennessee love Biblical names like Ezekiel, Noah, Adam, Moses, Ruth, Mary and King Nebuchadnezzar, we understand fully that goat enjoy being called sophisticated names like Washington, Jefferson, Davy Crocket. We know pigs that go for anything as long as breakfast comes along with it. And what of cows? We lean toward Elsa, Dilly, Paulette, Daisy, Millie, Priscilla. Or Leroy, Kitty, Susan and Jill.
As for the chickens we give them names that match their personalities. Jacklyn, Sheila, Belinda, Faye, Marcie, Diane, Petula, you know a Petula when you see it. The ducks we call Maggie, Molly, Lady. Coco, Chelsea, Betty Sue, Mary Eleln, Sadie, Ginger, Abby, Sasha, Sandy, Dakota, Katie &lt;br /&gt;  &lt;/p&gt;We call the birds in the trees the same name. They don’t seem to mind. A wild deer is Pete, Joey, Jim, Richard, Dick, Sy, Brad, Cal, David, Ernie, Harry.
Although we can also appreciate cats with famous celebrities like Paris Hilton, Britney Spears, Zza Zza, Honey Pie, Betty Sue, Whitney Houston, Dolly Parton, Kelly Clarkson and Bopeep. We don’t overdo it. We want our cats to be humble. Not uppity.   As well as the ever present pop star pig names, like Roy Akuff, Shakira, Elvis Presley, Jessica Simpson, Marilyn Monroe, Oprah, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Beyonce, Pamela Anderson,, Lindsay Lohan, wiki, Steve Irwin, Anna Nicole, Orlando Bloom, the Kardashian family.
It’s hard finding names for toads. We gave up last year. We don’t give names to rabbits and squirrels. If we catch a fish, we don’t know what to call it. We’re too hungry. We just eat them before that question arrives.

Sundays In Bristol

On Sundays, everything is different. We walk and talk differently. Food tastes better. We dress in our best clothes. Our minds seem more keen. We think more deeply, more religiously. Our voices are clearer. The sounds we hear are more distinct. A chime is a chime. The words we say are all dressed up. Neckties, pretty dresses, new handbags.
Sundays the birds sing hymns all over Bristol. You know it’s Sunday because the blue sky falls down in the yard and if you call to it, the blue sky will come right to you. Lick your hand. Sundays we got everything figured out. Every little mystery that come along just shines up. You know things on Sundays that you never understood during the week.
We are happier on Sundays. We feel closer to the Lord and to the church. We recall Sundays which gave us gifts. Extraordinary things happen on Sundays. My father gave me a pony one Sunday so many years ago. My best friend Tom broke the world record for blowing the largest bubble in church one Sunday. Sunday is an amazing day.
We wear neckties on Sunday. I’ve never seen anyone choked to death in church. But I’ve heard rumors to that effect. Nothing was reported in the newspaper about it. So I don’t give it much credibility.
My dog never barks on Sundays. Bees have never stung me on a Sunday. Although others have been stung on Sunday. Somehow I’ve been spared. Sunday is the best day of the week because it gives us so much. The best meals.
People smile more often on Sunday. The world is a safer place on Sundays. We are nicer to each other because it’s the Lord’s Day. We don’t want to spoil it for him.
If you light a firecracker on Sunday, I bet it won’t explode until Monday. A show of courtesy I expect. Likewise snakes don’t bite people on Sundays. But fish will bite like crazy on Sundays. It’s weird.
Golf is a game for Sundays. So is baseball and football. The ball knows it’s Sundays, so it bounces higher.
If you take a ride in the car on Sundays, the houses you pass wink and the trees wave. If you ride a bicycle on Sundays, your wheels will whisper bible verses.
We’ve come to look forward to Sunday. We know each other better on Sunday. We feel more comfortable in our skins on Sunday.
We are not sad to see Sunday go. Because it always returns. And with it, a part of ourselves we never knew about. It savors us and we savor it. What it gives us is more, much more than we will ever give it.
Next Sunday will come and it will find us eagerly aniticipating that moment when we awaken on Sunday morning. The light of Sunday is the light of Heaven.
Even Sunday night bears the most amazing things. A swarm of fireflies. A shooting star. You never what Sunday night will bring. My sister was born on Sunday night. I found a turtle stuck in the drainpipe one Sunday night.
How can you beat that?

We Got Butter

In Bristol, we have great affection for butter. I don’t want to say we can’t live without it. But if butter calls, we’re right there. We come running. Cause butter wants us. I think it finds in Bristolians some special thing. Like we’re handsome and all. We got the charm that butter likes to see. Butter has these beautiful eyes. It says the prettiest things.
We growed up with butter. It took care of us. It give us things that only butter can. Like confidence, intelligence. The ability to read minds, hunt, fish like Davy Crockett. Let’s not ever let anybody say anything bad about butter. In Bristol, it’s against the law to bad mouth butter. You got to show your respoect.
We got butter, don’t you know. Sweet lips that kiss us night and day. We married to butter. I think we related to butter. On its Mama’s side. You look butter in the eye and you see the prettiest thing that ever come down from the mountains. Take you by the hand. Give you the gumption to speak your mind.
Considerable attention has been paid to the effects of butter on human beings. Pleasure of extraordinary dimensions occurs. The brain is immediately placated, quieting the physical body. Wild, extravagant or immoral behavior is limited, as soaring heights of pleasure are reached.
Ideas occur best, of course, when butter is mixed with biscuits. A combination in which participants under laboratory experiments show marked changes in both brain and behaviour. Blood circulation improves. Thought becomes more complex. The body is relaxed. Butter evokes relevant levels of synthetic and natural estrogen mimics developed longer and more complex songs compared to males in a control group.
Specifically, birds dosed with the complete spectrum of endocrine disrupting chemicals found in the invertebrates spent longer singing, sang more often and produced more complex songs, a sexually selected trait important in attracting females for reproduction even though birds dosed at these ecologically relevant levels of ecstasy.
The study addresses the mechanism for the butter effect, as the researchers found that the area of the brain that controls contentment, is significantly enhanced. Butter enhances imagination. A breakfast of butter and biscuits ensures a high level of pyschological support. The brain is highly efficient. The participants of the laboratory test improved in intelligence.   This is the first evidence that butter not only affects the brain, but paradoxically enhances mood to such a degree that individuals experienced an out of body experience. Altering perceptions, developing a deep sense on contentment.
Butter clearly resolves anxiety. The problematic life, the complex guilt-ridden participants upon eating butter found serenity. Overcome by a heavenly mood. As though the celestial powers had blessed them with a miraculous boost in self-esteem. Even the scent of butter was enough to uplift the spirtis. Providing a new vision. The sweetest substance known to our species dissolves any and all panic attacks.
Not only is butter comfort food. But it yields immeasurable intelligence to the taster. Mathematic skills are elevated. Problem-solving is keenly enhanced. A tub of butter endows the taster with possibilities which modern science is only beginning to explore.

I Tell You What

“I tell you what, “ said Lloyd Pickens of Bristol, Tennessee,  “We got people confused in Bristol. You gotta understand one half the town is in Tennessee and the other half is in Virginia. You know like a club sandwich cut down the middle, which is State Street, the most beautiful street in all of east Tennessee. So pretty the horseflies and the junebugs try their best to nest in the potted trees on State Street every chance they get.”
“People confused on several counts. For example, when you cross the state line from Virginia to Tennessee you immediately feel homesick. A warm feeling in your stomach grows. You’re lonesome for your loved ones. You want to go back. But you forge ahead. This happens near every day in Bristol. Folks feeling all by themselves. Having lost their bearings. Since they was in one state one minute and the next throwed into another. Lord, help them all. “
“And the weather changes. Virginia weather being hotter than Tennessee weather. And everybody on the Tennessee side knows it. So they dress accordingly. If you’re headed toward Virginia you naturally wear light clothing during summer. Put a little sun blocker on. You know you’re leaving a mild climate to a tropical zone. And vice versa. You might have to put on a sweater to visit a friend in Tennessee. Might be snowing over their, you don’t know for sure. Put your galoshes on. “
“The illusion of being far away from home, even though you ain’t but a few blocks from home is a difficult one to explain to outsiders. But I’ll do my best. It’s the law of double dimensions. The Virginia side has a separate school system, separate city government, separate police department. They got different laws. Speed limit’s different. The two states vary their taxes. They separate. But they really ain’t separate. They joined. Twins. Both identical and the same and completely different. Confusing, ain’t it? Turned around. You can’t tell one apart, unless you look close and the closer you look the more different they seem. Two towns here and over there. “
“Some folks dizzy on both sides and not from drinking alcoholic beverages. But just from keeping their sense of place from getting fuzzy around the edges. You can be a friend on one side and a stranger on the other. “
“Some will tell you it rains a lot on the Virginia side. The girls are prettier. The people more friendly. The apples you pick in Virginia are sweeter. However, in Tennessee, the potatoes will knock you out. They so scrumptious. Make your mouth water. Your lips pucker up. You gotta go and kiss somebody. Look out! “
“And if you listen to the rumors on the Tennessee side the Tennessee people are happier, better looking and smarter than the people on the Virginia side. But if you asked the Virginia side they’d tell you different. They’d say don’t believe everything you hear in Tennessee. “
“It ain’t the war between the states, or anything. We like each other. We kid each other. We recognize the differences between us. Being Tennesseans and Virginians, you know. One being better than the other. We just don’t agree on which side has the edge. We’d like somebody to come along and referee. But so far nobody has volunteered. “
“It’s a tug of war. We know the risks. You born on one side. You stay put. Or go on an adventure. Once they had the idea to come out with a map of Bristol, showing the two sides and all the streets. But nobody bought it. Cause looking at it made them cross-eyed. Couldn’t walk straight. Some got arrested and throwed in jail for public drunkenness. What’d you expect? “

Cornbread

“There’s a few things I never figured out, “ said Gizzy Simerly of Bristol, Tennessee.  “Like why does cornbread make people tell the truth. You can give somebody a slice and they will tell you things you wouldn’t believe. That’s why the police keep cornbread around. Give it to a prisoner and he confesses. Or course, in the Bible Belt, people are catching on and there is a movement in the courts to disallow cornbread in law enforcement. The judicial system up to this point has allowed cornbread as a interrogation device. Seems unfair sometimes. “
“Course, you got to get the right mix. I like Mama Labby’s Cornbread, the only cornbread endorsed by the Confederate army and endorsed by Robert E. Lee himself. You can’t beat Mama Labby. She knows what a body needs. She could whoop up a batch and save the whole county from law breakers. They’d all confess after she got done with them. “
“You take cornbread out of the oven, spread a little butter on it. And a whole room full of men will confess to all sorts of things. Infidelity, lying, cheating on their taxes, working on Sunday, forgetting to pray or read the Bible. Men will do anything after they’ve finished eating cornbread. They will look at you like you was the best person in the whole world. Particularly if you made that cornbread. Because as we know the makers of cornbread are the finest people in the world. In fact, they have powers, like no other people in the world. Anybody who has ever made cornbread knows this. “
“I give my husband cornbread last night, “ Tilly Pride of Kingsport, Tennessee said.  “And he bout near fell to his knees and proposed all over again. His tongue was hanging out. He was panting. He wanted to thank me for giving him cornbread. He commenced to smiling and jabbering about how wonderful I was. How beautiful I was. How I was the most precious thing to him. The best woman in all of east Tennessee, southwest Virginia and everywhere else. He said he loved me. He said it maybe a thousand times. “
“Once I give a piece of cornbread to the birds. They wouldn’t stop singing. All night they sung. I give a piece to a dog. He been following me around east Tennessee ever since. The way I figure is cornbread is all there is. People like cornbread because gives them what they want. Courage. Confidence. The ability to be yourself. “
“You can fish with it. They jump out of the water to get a bit. Fish give up their lives to get a taste of the stuff. Bears will come out of the woods and if you give them a bite they will remember you for the rest of their lives. “  “Cornbread can amaze you. It will please you, change your life. Mama Labby cornbread fills you up with love. Starts working after the first bite. It’s got all the daily vitamin and mineral requirements and some you didn’t know you needed. The most astounding thing about it is Mama Labby cornbread will make you forget unhappy times. Criminals prefer Mama Labby cornbread 3 to 1 over Mrs Piddy’s cornbread or King Nebucannezer cornbread or Bathsheba cornbread. “
“Mama Labby gives you a chance. It’s a fresh start to your life. You don’t remember holding up that bank or gas station. You don’t know how miserable human being you have been. You are one fine human being. Not angry at society. Happy. You want only to do good deeds. You are suddenly reformed. Ain’t that beautiful? It’s the miracle of cornbread. Don’t that beat all?

Why You Talk Like That?

If you’re like me and growed up in Bristol you talk with a twang. Dang and Twang are our native tongue. Handed down like a pair of over-sized britches we going to grow into. Thing is we understand one another. Though we can appreciate the difficulty others may have in figuring out what we’re saying. We know in other states twang is spoken. But not dang. The two don’t always meet in between. They don’t like each other, for example, in Virginia, where dang hasn’t seen hide nor hair of twang. And vice versa.
We sure do like to talk. We can bend an ear from two miles away. We can’t help ourselves. We’ve got yarnitis. Which is we can’t stop telling yarns. We got more tall tales in East Tennessee than we know what to do with. We’re exporting them to California, Oregon and South Dakota. Europe and Asia bought a basket full the other day.
Twang and Dang have passed state and local government health inspection. The recommended daily allowance of Twang and Dang being enough for a body to grow up strong and maintain a good communication. Truth is if we didn’t have Twang and Dang we wouldn’t have much to say. We wouldn’t know what we was talking about. And Lord knows, country music would have a cow, if Twang and Dang wasn’t right there to hold its hand. Did you see them on the news last night? Twang was the one on the right, grinning, with a gleam in his eye. Dang’s had on his bow-tie, kind of nervous, but looking right nice.
If we speak regular english we’d miss half the fun in life. Twang and Dang allow us to be ourselves. You know Twang and Dang. You can recognize them. Twang’s on the short side and Dang’s bow-legged. A language like ours ain’t subtle. It can be discerned by anybody who’s got ears. Twang coming up real fast on you, playing a banjo and Dang pulling up the rear, hooting, happy as a pig on a hayride. The two fixing to say something real nice and pretty. Just don’t expect them to come home with you and fix you some cornbread and pork-chops. They better things to do.
While Dang and Twang are a derivative of our frontier heritage we as East Tennesseans have always maintained that Dang and Twang can stand on their own. Having emerged as the official language of the rural populace of these parts. Our common language. The one we share like a fresh-baked apple pie from the oven.
Albeit you don’t find Twang or Dang in them business forms at the post office or in legal deeds and such. They ain’t allowed. And you know that ain’t because they are no good or under-privileged. It’s because Dang and Twang don’t take to dens of iniquity.
Dang has never smoked, drank or gambled. He has never told a lie. He don’t spit, neither. Same with Twang. Both fish, hunt and play golf. Go to church every Sunday. Dang sings in the choir. And Twang is a deacon. See him passing around the offering plate. He looks good, don’t he?
Dang is better looking than Twang. I don’t mean to slight one or the other. I’m just being honest. Twang wouldn’t have it any other way.

Tales of East Tennessee

East Tennessee is a remarkable place. Unlike any other place on this green earth. A visitor to Bristol may be not appreciate, nor fully understand the mysterious and wondrous things that happen here. The life of a rural community in Appalachia not easily comprehended by the outsider. We baffle, though don't mean to. We're just a little different.
For surely nothing commonplace ever happens in east Tennessee.
Not since the pioneers settled here. We got a pie-eating contest that started around the Civil War and it's still going on. We got band festivals, football and basketball games, country music concerts to attend. Conway Twitty, Elvis, Hank Williams wake us and Roy Acuff, Dolly Parton, Minnie Pearl, Bill Monroe put us to bed.
We aren't fools enough to believe the news. We barely believe the sports. We watch television, often with the sound off. We drink buttermilk, eat grits with a fork and don't care too much for sleeping late. If we get up after seven o'clock in the morning, the birds pretend they don't know us. The scrambled eggs and bacon don't taste as fresh. And we can't find anything in the house. Not our wrist watches or car keys or billfolds. We're lost.
We wear our best clothes on Sunday. We go to church. Our next-door neighbors are the Good Samaritan. We half-expect to look out our living room windows and see John the Baptist walking down the street. Methuselah up at the old folk's home. He can remember things that happened long ago. Far back, so far back. Why, he can remember when Adam and Eve came to church in their new Studebaker. Somewhere not far off is the garden of Eden. We buy apples, oranges and plums grown there from roadside markets.
When we attend a church picnic we suspect strongly the twelve disciple may drop by. We wonder if they came what they would eat. Granny Batty's potato salad, Jody Marsh's apple pie, Linda Miller's fried chicken, Tilly Post's biscuits and gravy?
We live in east Tennessee. We hear tell of pretty tall stories. You climb up one of them tall tales you can look out and see Davy Crockett crossing the Great Smokey Mountains and Thomas Wolfe at the train station in Asheville headed for New York City. You can see Daniel Boone, Babe Ruth, Big Foot and General Andrew Jackson, all headed for Knoxville and the University of Tennessee, where a football game is about to start.
We hear now and again reports about angels. How they been seen flying around Greeneville and Morristown and roosting on church-tops. And everywhere wild rumors abound if you don't attend church, angels will fly by your house, knock on your door and when you come out, grab you and fly you to church. They will give you a lift. (And if you should be caught fishing or hunting on Sunday, angels will nab you and take you to church.)
We fish. We don't always eat what we catch. We are fishermen of men, too. Yesterday we caught a big-mouth baptist, a speckled Lutheran, a striped Episcopalian and wall-eyed Catholic with a double-chin. It's all the wrist, you know. See our photos in the Kingsport newspaper. We are smiling creatures. We smile a lot. We don't grin. Grinning is for unsophisticated people. We laugh. We cry when somebody burns the biscuits. Ain't it a shame?   We have the freshest air and the greenest hills anywhere. One whiff of our air and you feel good. You can play the fiddle. You can sing and play the guitar like Hank Snow. In east Tennessee, everybody plays the guitar and sings country music. We're born that way. We sing hymns, too. Those gospel tunes are in our blood.
Sometimes we talk different from other places. We talk twang and dang. We're tall and short and a little hefty around the middle. Some of our best friends are pigs and hogs and cows and chickens. If you can talk to your dog or horse you can talk to anybody. They don't listen to just anybody. You got to communicate. I know a reverend who gets his dog to wash his car, vacuum the living room and mow the lawn. Now that's communication. 
We love the Bible. We read the scripture. We believe in the power of scripture. On a cold morning, you read Deuteronomy to a stalled car and up will start. Nothing like Deuteronomy to clean our a carburetor.
The sun over east Tennessee can't decide which town it likes best. So it shines down on all of our towns. Which is mighty fine if you're a farmer. You don't want to live somewhere the sun hides from your crops. And good for the rest of us, too.
Likewise, the stars don't hide from anybody, like they do in some areas of the country. If you stand in the starlight or the moonlight long enough, you will hear a whippoorwill or owl call your name.
We are friendly people. Everyone knows each other. We sometimes feel related even if we aren't. Squirrels, chickens, cows are our cousins. They know us. We know them. East Tennessee is that amazing. And more. The skunks in east Tennessee smell prettier than french cologne. And the bumblebees don't sting. And fish jump at the lake every time a bluebird sings. And nobody burps in public, except a few bullfrogs.
If a jackrabbit crosses your trail, you'll have good luck for a week. Throw a rock at the moon and you'll end up either bride or groom. Spit on a spider and you'll grow up tall and strong. (Have you ever heard a cowlick moo? In east Tennessee, they do.) Jump a bush at the church and you'll never have to worry about money for the rest of your life. Poke a turtle with a stick and you'll turn into a polecat. Find a worm in your apple and you feel like a millionaire. Catch a lightning bug and your future will be bright. Tie a string to a junebug, fly it high and feel like a king. The world on a string. If you find a grasshopper in your backyard and dig right under it, you'll find treasure chest full of diamonds, emeralds and rubies. See a dragonfly and run around the house three times or you'll go crazy.
We sometimes see the shadows of Confederate soldiers resting beneath the maple and oak trees. If you listen real close to our creeks and rivers they will tell you tall tales. If you listen to the wind it will tell you no lies. If you listen to our crickets at night, you can hear them singing 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.' Or 'When Johnny Comes Marching Home.'
You can just about set your watch to the church bells that ring in our towns. They call us by our names. Ding dong, ding dong. And what does that mean? Church-bells seem to understand us in a way that nothing else does. What are they saying? It's all of human understanding -- ding dong ding dong. All we know. Or need to know. Listen. It's amazing to hear church-bells. They tell us things.
All human compassion. And where ever we go they follow us. Ding dong, ding dong. They touch us lightly on the arm. Pat our backs. Nudge us toward places we don't know. They grab us by the arm, they grab us by the leg.
They won't let go. Church-bells. They somehow get inside us. They want to change us. Make us see things. Make us believe in ourselves.
Of course, sometimes they make a bong-bong or bong-diddy-bong sound. The sound of a bell has the power to lift the spirit. We are always charmed and amazed every time we hear church-bells. We can't resist their sweet sound. A call to faith, a commence to Sunday worship. We are always delighted and surprised by church-bells. They know how to touch us. They know secrets about us. These church-bells. They enter our ears and awaken our spirits. Strengthen our beliefs.
Yes, we tell tall tales. We don't do it out of a sense of mischief. We just do it. It's part of life in east Tennessee. The big fish that got away, the big white deer grazing on our front lawn, or the snake slain in the backyard by the courageous housewife. Davy Crockett is out there somewhere, hunting in the hills of east Tennessee. If you see him, say hello.

Country Music Stepped Right Up.

Country voices real pretty, nonchalant, kick you in the head every chance they get. I heard Conway Twitty sing. His voice was smooth as September’s ass. You looked that man in the eye and you saw voice of country music.
Country music stepped right up and been plucking banjos, strumming guitars since Adam and Eve got thrower out of the Garden -- east Tennessee. We got peaches that sing. We got peanuts that give you a thrill. Your mouth get thrower down into a deep well. You drown less you get a swig of corn liquor. You one fine southern boy who can hear country music stepping across east Tennessee. You know it’s proud. Those boots clopping along State Street. Just wanting to see the house where it was born.
Country music is everywhere in Sullivan County. It’s got a way with everybody who lives in Bristol. Their hearts sing like a Grand Ol Opry. Every mouth that ever sang on that old stage you know they’re with you. Got every right to listen to everything you say. Do something wrong and you’re going to hear it.
We love country music because of what it gives us. The right to do as we please. Go to church on Sunday. Raise hell the day before. Country music once asked us to cheat on our wives? Why it say that.
The right to sing along. Slip our heads into country music. See how pretty it is inside. All those big houses, lovely living rooms, buttermilk biscuits asking us for permission to bite them. Chew them up. Show no mercy to the buttermilk biscuits. Not even if it whimpers, tells some sob story about the pig and the cow having a good time. Where’s the chickens when you need them? They saw what happened. Didn’t tell nobody. Can’t have that kind of devotion.
Ever noticed the country singer opens his mouth real wide. Let’s the lyrics out like cowpokes on a roundup. His fingers stepping on the strings of a guitar. The fingers tiptoeing around the world. Coming back for more. Nothing like a country singer to give the world a lift. The sound of a country singer the most beautiful sound in East Tennessee. Better than a cow’s moo, much better than the cockadoodledoo of a rooster. Though I bet the morning sun would rise if Johnny Cash sang a song. He got what country music knows is the best vocal chords for the genre. Lots of hillbilly glamor. And then he got that smile that would overtake the whole state of Tennessee. Roll it up and nibble it like one of them cucumber sandwiches.
In a country singer’s voice, there’s Davy Crocket’s last words. There’s wild deer jumping over mountain creeks. There’s a blue bird strumming a guitar. Let’s not forget where we come from. We come from country music. It give birth to Sullivan County. Country music milk a cow, ride a horse, go out each morning and gather fresh eggs from the barn.
We need to listen more carefully to Country Music. It’s got a lot to say. Yes, it knows us. It’s done its legwork. Got inside us and looked around. All right don’t hold our shortcomings against us.
We love butter. It’s not easy telling country music it has a competitor. Country music folds its arms and frowns. Then comes that grin that Sullivan County loves to celebrate. Knows country music is the best thing Bristol ever done.

Pig On A Hayride

John Finnel of Bristol, Tennessee is eighty-one years old. When asked about his health, he said,  “I feel like a pig on a hayride. “ John was quoting a familiar phrase heard all over East Tennessee. The popular expression dates back to the early 1800s, when it was customary for church folks on hayrides to bring along livestock. A few of which were pigs.
Since I’ve grown up in East Tennessee, I’ve heard this expression lots of times. And I can sincerely appreciate it. I smile every time it comes up in conversation. One gathers that people are happy in East Tennessee. It’s a lovely place, all green and leafy. The question is, I suppose, what does it mean. Whether the pigs are happier than the people I don’t rightly know. And are pigs happy on hayrides? And should we feel resentment toward the pig for its newfound bliss? Having the opportunity to ride along with everybody else. And privileged to gain such fine, upstanding company as church-goers.
In a rural community, in general, folks are happy. We smile at the slightest things. Any analogy, however quaint, with pigs seems entirely appropriate. The reason being that pigs and folks get along pretty much. We don’t argue. They hasn’t been any trouble between the pig and the people for the longest time.
We do eat them. And they don’t as a rule hold it against us. And understanding they must be surely forgiving creatures, overlooking our appetites and such, I think the least we can do is allow the pig some slack. We should openly endorse the emergence of the pig as a standard for happiness. It doesn’t seem like to much to ask.
In my opinion, we should be tolerant and allow the pig its glory and place in our rich culture. I say let the pig stand as a symbol of untold emotional well-being. It has adjusted, faced torment, hungry farmers and overcome diversity, lack of education and poor table manners.
If the pig enjoys a hayride, then so be it. If somehow we are begrudged something in the bargain, we should still be big enough to allow the pig to assume its well-earned celebrity-hood.
Pigs are by their very nature gleeful. Who has ever met a cynical, burnt out pig? They don’t seem to get depressed. A pig knows how to cope with life’s obstacles. They are resilient. They can be the life of the party. The least we can do is pay them respect. Acknowledge the pig as a well-adjusted farm animal with its even temper, gregarious personality and wonderful grin. The thoughts of a pig must surely be filled with merriment.
While there are those who would deny the pig its rights. Around East Tennessee, a few people have been quoted, as saying they don’t like the idea of a pig being happier than they are. They don’t understand the phrase. They fail to appreciate its significance.  “If I thought for one minute, “ Clarence Pollock of Kingsport, Tennessee, said,  “A pig felt better than me. I would kick that pig right off the truck. Don’t need no pig on a hayride feeling better than me. It’s just another reason to eat pork. “
Thomas Wolfe

“You hear wild, crazy stories about Thomas Wolfe, “ said Johnny King.  “He was in Bristol, Tennessee some forty year ago. Got himself in a mess of trouble. The devil chased him from Johnson City to Kingsport to Bristol, just because Thomas Wolfe saved a child from drowning at Watauga Lake. The devil knowed that child spoiled, had stole candy and pie. Misbehaved something awful in church. Talked back to his Mama and Daddy. Yanked the dog’s tail, which is against the law in east Tennessee. That child was guilty of not shining his shoes for church. Whistling at Wednesday Night Prayer meeting. Talking during the Sunday School prayer. And sure as shooting, that child was bound for Hades. Till Thomas Wolfe jumped in that lake and saved the child. “
“Don’t know if it’s true or not. Never can tell if something is true. Rumors, wild and woolly, about Thomas Wolfe have been circulating in east Tennessee it seems forever. Thomas Wolfe and the grizzly bear, in which he made friends with a grizzly bear, taught the grizzly bear how to read and write. How to use a knife and fork. How to drive a car. And then there was story that come round the bend about Thomas Wolfe and the fox, in which he met this fox on Holston River and the fox and Thomas Wolfe got into an argument about what fish tasted best. The blue gill or the bass or the trout. And what was the best way to get to Heaven. And what was the name of that star up there and that star over there. “
“It being that the fox and Thomas Wolfe talked all night. And then the sun come up. And they started arguing about the sun, too. What does the sun do when it goes down? Does it sleep? Does it read a book. And what the fox knew was true was exactly the opposite from what Thomas Wolfe knowed. And the two couldn’t figure out what was what. And how about was the chicken before the egg. And was they a heaven and hell. And do you knowed why you was born. And what book in the Bible was best for saving somebody’s soul. What was life all about. The fox won some of them arguments. He come pretty close to winning several of them arguments. Except the one about what was life about. The fox had no idea. Couldn’t say much about what God, truth and beauty was, neither. As raccoons ain’t smart when it comes to them kind of things. They brains too small to know which end is up. “
“Thomas Wolfe was somebody people liked to talk about and told stories, wild stories. The craziest stories ever told are all about Thomas Wolfe walking on water at Steele Creek. Catching a hundred pound large mouth bass at Watauga Lake. Shooting a squirrel with him using only a pencil. Now how he done that? A graphite pencil don’t discharge no bullet. And how did Thomas Wolfe rope that two hundred pound hog in Bristol. The one that was rampaging down Johnson City’s main street. Did Thomas Wolfe grab holt of that mountain lion in Elizabethton and save the school children? “
“One story I heard over and over at least as many times as it rained on Bristol was the story of Thomas Wolfe’s enormous appetite. But people say he was visiting a friend and stayed over long hot summer night. Woke up around three in the morning and went to the refrigerator and had himself a snack. Turned out it was canned dog-food he spread on two slices of rye bread. That rumor has been flying around Bristol, roosted in more ears than a dog got fleas. And that’s not exaggerating. “
“He was described a big fellow, happy go lucky, ambitious. Could talk a mile a minute, out eat, out laugh, out write anybody in Bristol, Kingsport, Johnson City and frequently was observed scribbling things down in his notebook while he was walking down State Street. Cars beeping their horns at him, cause sometimes he wandered out into the street. “
“And don’t mean to leave the one story about Wolfe in Bristol. He wakes up in the middle of the night hungry as a bear. Goes to the refrigerator. Grabs a can and starts eating. That spoon found his mouth. Some sweet, delicious dog food, don’t you know. “
“Then there was the story that I knowed was true. Cause I was there. Thomas Wolfe was once seen climbing a tree up in the Blue Ridge Mountains. He stayed up in that tree for several hours. Way at the top. Reading and writing high in the topmost branch. And when he come down somebody asked him what he climbed up there for. And Thomas Wolfe said words come more easily to him high up in the trees. He said he wrote his best sentences way up there. The blue sky beneath his feet. The fresh air, the yellow sun beating down on him give him something way up there that he couldn’t get no where else. A kind of electricity that sparked stories in his brain. “
“Come shooting out his pencil. Guess he did shoot that squirrel with his pencil. Shouldn’t knowed that one was true. “

Gospel Singers

One summer when I was in high school I joined a gospel group called  “The Five Little Deacons “ and traveled around East Tennessee. We sang  “Amazing Grace “ and  “Peace In The Valley “ so many times we lost count. We went from church to church, a few schools, local auditoriums and enjoyed many enthusiastic receptions. In Johnson City, people got so excited they followed us from the church to our bus. A blue utility van with chipped paint and a sign on the side that said,  “Gospel Music Can Save Your Soul. “ They stood on tiptoes to get a look at us. They jumped up to shake our hands. They cheered wildly like we were rock stars.
Sometimes during our performances people stomped their feet and held their hands in the air and swayed back and forth. It was all a mix of worship and entertainment. We shared our passion for the good news of the Christian faith. Every day we had rehearsal. We worked hard at becoming harmonious. We tried to smooth out all our rough edges.
From one day to the next we were constantly in motion. We had a road map and we followed it carefully, hoping we didn’t get lost. The contributions we received paid for our gas and oil. We had to sleep in the van. Though we also had a tent and a portable barbecue we could throw hot dogs and burgers on. We were living the life of gospel singers.
Often when we spoke to each other it seemed we were singing a hymn. It’s what was on our minds. We couldn’t help ourselves. We were driven to sing those hymns better and better. And so we practiced continuously. Once I was awakened in the middle of the night by one of my buddies singing a hymn in his sleep. He sounded pretty good. I didn’t have the heart to wake him.
Whenever we had time we listened to gospel music on the radio and sang along. It filled us up with a joy we couldn’t explain. It just did. Gospel music has a supernatural effect on us. Our voices turned angelic. We felt lighter than air. Like if we didn’t hold onto to something we would float upward. We changed inside so much they we weren’t the same people. We forgot about anything that bothered us. Our faces beamed, our eyes sparkled. We grew taller and smarter. We didn’t things we didn’t know we could do. Things that surprised us.
Twice in Bristol, Tennessee we sang on a street corner and folks listened politely and smiled. It seemed natural to them a group of boys would burst into  “Rock of Ages. “ In Kingsport, Tennessee, we sang  “This Little Light “ in the grocery store. People couldn’t believe it. They applauded us. And in Elizabethton, Tennessee, we sang  “Nearer My God To Thee “ in a Dairy Queen. Folks bought us ice cream. We’d never seen anything like it.
In private, we joked how the gospel singer had powers above and beyond mortals. They could save souls, make people forget their troubles and if you allowed them, they would change your life. Turn the unfaithful into believers. Just a few bars of  “Do Lord “ and you could do just about anything that came into your head. You had confidence. You were more determined.
Though of course we understood we weren’t really great gospel singers. We lacked musical training. That didn’t stop us from singing our hearts out. If we sang well it was in praise of the Lord. If we hit a few sour notes we blamed it on the devil.

Tennessee Ernie Ford

Tennessee Ernie Ford cut his chicken steak crosswise with his knife, and stuck his fork into it. The bite-size morsel disappeared right into his mouth under his mustache, which I was watching like a hawk. There he sat with his wife and family in a local restaurant, and I was not two rows over. He caught me looking at him, and smiled. I dropped my french fry. The ketchup got me on the pants. But I didn’t care. Tennessee Ernie Ford had smiled at me.
He was one gifted fellow. He had a voice that could melt butter, fry sausage and cook a goose. He sung himself some hit records. One was  “Sixteen Tons. “ Anybody hear his voice on that record they is immediately spun, grabbed up by the ears like a jackrabbit. Shook. They got to go out and buy themselves that song.  “Sixteen Tons. “ If they don’t something awful will happen to them.
I remember when it first come out. Busting down doors, stopping traffic and rubbing its nose on the glass of every window in Tri-Cities. You couldn’t drive no where without it playing on the radio.
One time  “Sixteen Tons “ stopped a bank robbery in Johnson City. Bank robber couldn’t help himself. He stopped to listen to it, coming from a car radio. Another time it give the whole town of Bristol this happy feeling that’s still going on. Every time I hear the name Tennessee Ernie Ford I feel good. I stand a little taller. I’m smarter, stronger. He was really something. Sung gospel and country.
His life and legend give everybody in the Tri-Cities a hitch in our get-along. Every time you hear him sing the sky in East Tennessee turns a little bluer and the grass gets greener. Everybody is pretty. Don’t hardly know how else to describe the  “Tennessee Ernie Ford phenomenon. “ Things just happen when you hear him sing. I think it has to do with his Christian upbringing and all. He got a pretty smile, too. That smile took the whole country by storm. It could defrost the North Pole, if Ern ever visited there. We had to be careful where we sent him. Anyway, I don’t know nobody who don’t like Tennessee Ernie Ford. He was one mighty fine man. For instance, Tennessee Ernie Ford once hooked a fish at Watauga Lake. He reeled it in. But he felt sorry for it. Let it go. Give that fish two front-row tickets to the Grand Ol’ Opry where Ern was fixing to sing at the next night. The fish showed up with all his friends. Two bluegills, three catfish, a small-mouth bass and a water moccasin.
“Sixteen Tons. “ Don’t it get you? That song came along and give us something we needed. Something we never had before. It patched up problems in families. If folks was having marital difficulties Sixteen Tons got them straight. His voice was full of grits, biscuits, buttermilk, honey, raspberry jam, ham-hocks, lamb-chops and a mess of greens. You hear him let go you didn’t have to eat for a week. Mmmmnnn, he was that good. Better than best and topmost baritone hog-calling fellow who ever was born in these hills. Every time Tennessee Ernie Ford let fly with a song you stopped what you was doing. And listened real good.
Tennessee Ernie Ford took to his singing when he was a child. He growed up in Bristol, and even when he was little, singing hymns in church people come around and listened to him.Tennessee Ernie Ford got himself famous. More famous than Paul Bunyan or Johnny Appleseed. Ernie Ford got him a Presidential Medal of Freedom award. Ain’t that something?
First time I ever heard it I was in Bristol, I was riding home from church. His voice come rumbling out of the dashboard. Made me feel happy as a pig on a hayride.  “Sixteen Tons “. It was a monster.

Doc Maples

The first time I heard the name Doc Maples it came from my brother Dick. Doc Maples was chemistry teacher at Bristol, Tennessee High School. Dick spoke with amazement of how Doc Maples was a wizard, a free spirit, an intelligent, dynamic teacher who possessed incredible powers to engage students with his flamboyant humor and imagination. I'd never heard Dick so excited before.
Doc had extraordinary qualities. It was difficult, if not impossible to understand the behavior of Doc Maples. It could not be so easily categorized as eccentric or bizarre. He wasn't any of those things. What came through about Doc Maples, what registered so completely was Doc's playful nature. He challenged students who thought teachers were stuffed shirts. You could talk to Doc about anything.
Doc Maples was the most cheerful person I ever met. "I feel happy as a pig on a hayride," he once told a class. He was referring to his fifty-seventh birthday. We'd brought a cake to class with a few small gifts. "Anybody know the chemistry ingredients of chocolate cake. I want to know what makes a cake rise. What makes it taste good. What about the icing? What's the formula for a chocolate cake. Quick! On your toes! Be smart! Everyone write it down on a piece of paper. I know it's not nice to give a pop quiz to a class on your birthday. But I can't help myself. I'm a wild man."
Doc had a large sense of humor. Though most of all he loved his students and he loved teaching them. What he enjoyed doing more than anything was making his students understand how much fun school was. It was never boring around Doc Maples. He made certain we were prepared for the real world. And he sacrificed formality by breaking down barriers between students and teachers. Students dropped their guards around Doc Maples. It seemed the natural thing to do. Doc had a sensibility about him that made you feel comfortable.
You see Doc knew a lot about chemistry. About the sort of chemistry it takes to communicate with students. The right formula to get the most out of us. We learned that. He worked on us. We were his experiments. The school was his laboratory. And he somehow changed us all. He awakened in us a new spirit. One that didn't have limitations.
Doc's chemistry worked on us. A measure of kindness, lots of knowledge, patience and some other elements not on the chart in his classroom. And what those elements were we to this day have no knowledge. He gave us the ability to think for ourselves. The formula altered our futures. It somehow grow inside us, even after we left school. He taught us to believe in ourselves.
Doc was someone we could identify with. Or could we? He had more energy than all the students combined. He was smarter. He possessed a quick wit. He was full of good plain fun. We recognized ourselves in Doc Maples. Maybe a little older, more educated. But there we were.
His antics were well-known. He had a smile that made you think you were the most well-liked person at Bristol, Tennessee High School. When he spoke to you, it was as though you were the only person in the world. He cared so much about his students.
My brother described one instance in which Doc Maples attempted to pass through the halls right after the second period bell rang. He couldn't get past all the students who crowded the hall. He extended his arms straight out and made a humming sound. "I'm B-54," he announced. "And I'm taking off. Clear the runway." He called out with a sonorous voice.
I recall him stopping by my desk during a chemistry test and pointing at my paper. "Are you sure about that answer?" he asked me. He shook his head. I reconsidered and erased my answer. Doc Maples smiled.
Before and after football practice, Doc Maples administered an emulsion called "tough skin," which he applied on our blisters and we all winced at its application. Another wonder of modern chemistry. Also, Doc Maples taped our ankles and adjusted our cleats and shoulder pads. He talked about hard work and dedication. He worked his chemistry on us. And we understood that was what Doc did. He applied himself to the team and our chemistry changed. He broke up arguments. He gave advice on dating. He told a tackle the best way to strengthen his ankles was to lift up on his toes. Exercise in that fashion and his ankles would get stronger.
Doc did everything and more. He was dedicated to the football team and offered his medical knowledge on matters of injuries.
On the sidelines, Doc Maples, always prepared, trotted onto the field, carrying his medical bag. He'd bend down, carefully examine the down player. He massaged pulled muscles, breathless players who got the wind knocked out of them, and speaking in a soothing voice to the disabled player. "You're going to be all right."
Once I remember Dick telling how Doc announced one morning in chemistry class that the Russians were launching a satellite into the upper atmosphere. Sputnik. Doc Maples was convinced the attempt would fail. "They'll never do it. It's a hoax. They don't have the technology. What do you think? You've got brains, haven't you?" He was surprised when it actually occurred. The next morning he arrived with newspapers. He studied them like a scholar. He winked at students strolling down the hall.
Doc was himself. A tireless teacher who sparked the imagination of his students. He challenged them to change the way they thought about themselves and the world.
Once, after a school football picnic, Doc Maples offered me a ride home. It would've been terribly difficult for me to make it home without some help, so I accepted. I was a shy high school kid. We talked about chemistry in the car. We talked about Sputnik, and Lucille Ball and Tennessee Ernie Ford appearing on her show. I felt most fortunate that Doc Maples cared enough to help.
In some small measure, I repay that small debt now. Thanks for the chemistry.
Doc is short. Really short. A little pudgy and maybe not as much hair as he once had.
ACHTUNG! He shouted. I did not sprecken any Deutsch at all, but it was apparent that he did, in fact, get our attention.
He would sometimes get in a "mood" whereby he would write on the blackboard, with the most beautiful cursive strokes,the notes on which he was teaching. He would write one line which the students, of which I was one, frantically tried to copy before it disappeared, for Doc would write one line... and erase it immediately. Write another line, and erase IT immediately. He did this for 30 minutes without stopping.
After trying to keep up, I instead GAVE up, and just enjoyed the scene.
Doc was a gas.

Goose Eggs

Easter Sunday was an extraordinary experience in my house growing up in Bristol. My mother gave her three sons goose eggs. We were particularly delighted to receive them. It made us feel fortunate. The fist-sized eggs hard-boiled and dyed each year either red, yellow or blue.
An Easter didn’t go by without receiving a goose egg. I experienced a glow when holding my goose egg in my hand. It was a reward I was certain. Though I never quite put my finger on what I’d done to deserve it.
Being in possession of such a gift. One year it was blue, the next red. It whispered to me of things I’d never thought before. Like “congratulations, thank you, how fine a boy you are.” A soft light stared at me from shell. It found me quite grateful.
If bigger is better, then fist-sized goose eggs fit the bill for excitement. A treasure not everyone received on Easter.
It seemed to weigh a ton. I held it in high esteem. I carried it around. Placed it on a pillow in a chair. I couldn’t take my eyes off it.
Was it watching me? What did it see? I smiled as though the goose egg was expecting a friend. Someone who had known its mother. Enjoyed her company. Spoke kindly of Bristol with its green meadows. Each green thing in east Tennessee seemed to sing of goose eggs on Easter Sunday. Windsor Avenue serving on Easter Hunt as place where colored eggs hid in every yard, a bush that whistled to get your attention.
The melody made me happy. I smiled, I spoke in a voice that geese use when they’re grateful. As though I knew what every goose knows — mothers are grand, builders of children.
The goose eggs over the years slipped inside me and I regarded them with gratitude. A memory with my mother’s face, her eyes that lifted as though to place me somewhere in the sky.
I was thankful for mother’s thoughtful gift. The goose eggs I remember all brought with them a happiness that remains with me today.
Should you ask a goose egg for a wish? Should you expect a goose egg to shine, hidden deep inside you. That’s Easter Sunday that happens somewhere inside me. I go there. I wonder if I became the man who those goose eggs would be proud to know.
