Canadian Cannabis On Ice



By

Ricardo Aardal




©2017



ONE


	“You’re nothing but goose meat!” Will Babchuk fired back at his older cousin, Eddy Babchuk, who was also my oldest brother. A Babchuk family showdown in the snow played out as Will and Brandy from one branch of the Babchuk family, and Eddy and myself from another branch, stood in a circle of anger, shivering in the Canadian winter cold on Jan. 1, 1975.    
	With a cool move, Eddy flipped out a comb, slicking back his black hair in the identical manner Fonzie did on the new hit TV show Happy Days. Eddy’s hair meant the world to him, and that hair had to be perfect. “Ay cousin Will, I’ve kicked your ass since you were five.” Eddy slipped the comb back in his pocket, clinching and unclenching his fists. “And I’ll do it again!” 
	“Stop,” my spirited cousin Brandy Babchuk stepped in between a 20 year old Will and a 25 year old Eddy, attempting to prevent the fight. 
	“Ay, piss off!” The six foot Eddy shoved Brandy aside. Whack! He drilled the short stocky Will in the nose. Thud! He followed up by a hard kick in the balls. 
	This New Year's Day family fight unfolded at a place called Fishing Lake, Saskatchewan in the heart of the Canadian prairies. Fishing Lake                                                                                                   was a small resort twelve miles from the bustling town of Foam Lake, where both Brandy and I attended school, both of our families shopped and conducted the majority of their business. Ironically, the town named Foam Lake had no body of water. Frequently, many of their citizens made the ten minute drive to Fishing Lake, utilizing our fresh water lake and recreational facilities as if it were their exclusive playground. 
	My slenderly built Pa stepped out of our creaking and battered front door wearing his long underwear, glass of whiskey in one hand  and shouted, “Way to go Eddy. Winner and champ as always!” 
	The two combatants in this one-sided bout squared off many times in the past with the identical result. The bigger and older Eddy beating up poor Will. “Take that!” Thud! Eddy kicked Will again while he laid helpless in the snow, bleeding profusely. “Never mess with me little man.”
	“My family always wins,” Pa hollered. 
	The softball playing Brandy made a snowball quickly, throwing a perfect strike taking Pa’s whiskey glass out of his hand, splashing his precious liquor all over his dirty face. “Enjoy that, Uncle Winner!” 
	“Teach her a lesson Eddy,” Pa raged as he wiped himself with a torn sleeve. 
	Brandy followed up with another perfect strike snowball, drilling Pa squarely in the nose. She then turned to Eddy. “You are a lowlife.” 
	Eddy flipped her the finger and mocked his five foot four girl cousin.
	In a flash, Brandy scooped up snow, letting fly with a snow missile
nailing Eddy in the head. “I’ve had enough. If you ever touch my brother again!” She marched up to Eddy, staring him in the face, poking him in the nose. “I’ll tell everyone in town who stole that snowmobile hidden behind your shed.”
	Eddy reddened, lips trembling, looked in panic both ways, gulped. “Ah, I, I never stole nothing.” He turned and fled.
	The feisty Brandy turned to her older brother. “Let’s go Will.” She jabbed me in the ribs playfully. “And thanks for the tip.”
	I chuckled as we helped Will to his feet. “Thought my big brother was gonna piss his pants.”
	Brandy and I assisted a woozy and bloody Will to their house. Will and Eddy were the oldest in their respective families, and a perfect symbol of the feud that raged on between our two Babchuk families for the past decade. All started by some never to be talked about unknown incident between my Pa and Brandy’s father who was my Uncle Gord. 
	What exacerbated that feud was the two Babchuk families lived directly across from each other. Actually, we shared the same narrow driveway to access our farmyards, and did that fuel the controversy. The shared 200 foot driveway opened up into a large gravel cul-de-sac like area with one farmyard on one side, the other farmyard on the other. It was as if the original area was designed to facilitate two co-operative families working together.  Except, that was far from what was transpiring.    
	As well, both farmyards sat across the highway from the Fishing Lake resort. A tucked away park like setting, supporting a scenic crystal blue water lake with a wide variety of fish, beautiful silky sand beaches, four hundred summer cottages and a well maintained 18 hole Golf Course. The Fishing Lake resort hopped in the summer, peaceful quiet in the winter. Well, unless our two families started yapping at each other, then the war could melt all that prairie snow. 
	I am Pinball Babchuk, and I am now a grown man. However, back then in early January of 1975, I was a 13 year old runny nosed kid. I received my nickname, Pinball, as a little guy for I gravitated straight to any pinball machine in my vicinity. I never revealed my real name which was my Pa’s name. Why had my moron of a Pa saddled me with his name which he never revealed or utilized himself? 
	The 17 year old Brandy and I enjoyed a close relationship, to spite our two warring Babchuk clans. I worshiped my clever and attractive girl cousin who was 4 years older than myself, and so much cooler. Only Brandy understood her gangly uncoordinated younger cousin who lacked confidence. For everyone in my family from my lazy Pa, my know-it-all brother Eddy, my bossy sister Shirley and my sleazy sister Darcy treated me like shit. They blamed me for our mother’s death, for when I was born, sadly my mother passed in childbirth. 

	One hour later, I ate dinner at Brandy’s place. I spent more time in my cousin Brandy’s home than my own. Around the table her entire family savoured the delicious food, cursing Eddy and my family which amused me more than anything, as my family rated somewhere around pond scum. 
	“That damn Goose Meat!” Smack! Will hammered the table, still upset with my brother Eddy. His reason for referring to Eddy as Goose Meat, stemmed from a small goose barn my Pa owned, and my irritating brother's continual boasting that  someday goose would be the most popular meat in the world.       
	“Settle down,” ordered Uncle Gord. Unfortunately, Gord Babchuk sat in a wheelchair. An accident last fall crippled the poor man. With spring three months away, his family faced a major decision. 
	“How we gonna make money?” Buddy inquired. He was the youngest of Uncle Gord’s children. Buddy was growing like a weed at 16 years old and was challenged in the brains department. Except, the curly haired Buddy possessed a couple of offsetting traits. First, the ladies found him irresistible. In Uncle Gord’s family, Brandy and Buddy stole all the looks, and Brandy monopolized the brains.
	“We’ll farm.” A bandage wearing Will stated while filling his glass with more Pepsi, clearly the drink of choice in this house. 
	Brandy finished her meal, moving her plate aside. “With what?” She grabbed a hair tie, putting her long brown hair into a ponytail. “Need horsepower.” 
	“Damn,” Uncle Gord muttered and grimaced as the accident that crippled him, demolished their one and only tractor with no cash to replace it, and no bank to borrow them money. 
	“Where we gonna get the money for a new tractor?” Aunt Molly asked in a gruff tone. “And I’m not gonna go to work.” She looked at Buddy and Brandy. “You two quit school and get a job.”
	“You mean like Will,” Buddy said with a smirk. 
	For Will was fired two weeks ago from the Chicken Farm in the neighbouring town of Wynyard. Our hometown of Foam Lake and the snooty town of Wynyard claimed to be bitter rivals. Therefore, Wynyard was never this family’s favourite place, the firing merely reinforced the point. Unfortunately, Will was wrongly terminated, not his fault, but the hard working Will suffered a slippery setup by a co-worker. Will’s good hearted personality made him vulnerable to certain types, being conned on occasion with his trusting nature involving women. 
	“Stupid fool!” Smack! An overweight Aunt Molly slapped Will on the arm. “And you get a job, and hold it this time.” Will turned many shades of scarlet, hanging his head in shame.
	A loud chewing Buddy grabbed for the Pepsi bottle. “I’m failing everything again. Haven’t been to school in a month. So, as of now, I quit. Ye ha!”
	“Girls in school will be sad,” I commented.
	“Principal will be the happiest man in Foam Lake,” snickered Will. “And Buddy, keep your mouth shut when you chew.”
	“Piss off little man.” Buddy said as he continued to chew with bits of food flying from his mouth.
	“Settle down you two,” scolded Brandy.  “I’m graduating high school this spring.” She wore that determined look of hers. “No question.” The independent girl stated she was leaving home upon graduating. However, with her Dad’s crippling accident and the family’s difficulty, she spent many hours reconsidering that statement.
	“School’s stupid.” Aunt Molly snarled. She had a beautiful face, but let her body slide, and smiling never came natural to her.  
	Now her daughter Brandy possessed an engaging smile, lighting up many a room. She loved to flash that winning smile when her mind raced. For my charming cousin’s mind and body revved on high constantly, always thinking, always moving, always talking fast. Even way back in her early days of school, across the front of her first grade report card in big bold letters, displayed the telling message; ‘Inability to sit still!’ 
	“So, why don’t we use that greenhouse that has sat there doing nothing for five years?” Brandy asked, leaning forward excitedly. “And go big this spring!” 
	Will rubbed his bruised ribs. “And all the equipment just sits in the barn. Lights, trays, lots of good stuff there.”
	“That old junk,” Aunt Molly grumbled.
	Uncle Gord shook his head in disgust. “Never pay. Tried it before.”
	A shaggy haired Buddy, which was his standard look, speared a few perogies, reloading his plate, shoving one in his mouth while talking, “Too much work.” 
	One thing about Aunt Molly, she made the finest Ukrainian perogies and cabbage rolls in the country. Aunt Molly’s food melted in my mouth. I relished each mouthwatering moment at this table. For over at my house, only one person possessed any type of culinary skills, but my inactive and lethargic sister Shirley very seldom put her skills to use for anyone except herself. 
	The other factor that made dining at this table special was the cleanliness and aroma. Today, I smelt a vinegar scent, two days ago it was pine. Brandy kept the home spotless, managing to creatively have a pleasing scent flowing through the rooms on most days.   
	“Lazy Buddy.” Will leaned forward helping himself to another cabbage roll. “Hey, maybe we should use the barn. Put in some windows from the old house, and grow plants there too.”
	“Great point,” the brown eyed Brandy added. “We only got one cow left in there anyway. And that cow is Will’s.” Brandy tended to look out for the shy Will. Many times she stepped into take his side. For her older brother experienced plenty of ridicule over the years in school and at home.
	“Forget this greenhouse nonsense,” Commanded Uncle Gord. “Just go get jobs.”
	“Come on Dad, you know how tight the jobs are right now.” Brandy winked at her father who could seldom say no to his only daughter. “If we run it right, we can do well. And maybe we’ll make enough to buy that tractor next year.”
	Uncle Gord never gave in an inch even with Brandy’s smile dazzling the room. “No way.”
	“Maybe I’ll go join the circus,” said Buddy. “And paint the elephant’s toenails.”
	“Hey, starting the greenhouse will be like a circus.” Brandy slapped Buddy lightly. “Come on little brother, join us!”  
	“You’re all stupid!”  Aunt Molly cried with her blood vessels ready to burst. “I’m not lifting a finger to help with any damn greenhouse.”  
	“You old cow,” said Buddy to his mother. “You wouldn’t lift a finger anyway.” Amazingly, Buddy was the only person who could speak to the opinionated Aunt Molly in this manner.  Anyone else would have received a swat, but she maintained a soft spot for her youngest child.  
	“I worked like a dog in that greenhouse when we ran it years ago.” She wagged her finger at all her kids. “It was hell.” She checked herself. “Well, sometimes it was okay selling the plants. But other than that, pure hell!” 
	Brandy, Buddy and Will smirked as all three of Aunt Molly’s kids heard their usually brooding mother’s greenhouse story a hundred times before.    
	I attempted to remove some of the tension from the room and whispered, “You know, the Romanov brothers are looking to rent more land. Maybe they’ll rent your two quarters. Heard they’re paying okay.” I wrote a dollar amount on a corner of a newspaper Brandy was gazing at. “And they pay cash up front.”
	“You’re brilliant Pinball!” A sparkling eyed Brandy flashed me a thank-you smile. “It’ll cover some of our more pressing bills. And give us just enough to survive on, until the greenhouse can bring in cash.”
	“No damn way!” Aunt Molly removed her eyeglasses, slamming them down on the table. “Not renting to those jerks.”
	Smack! Uncle Gord slapped the arm of his wheelchair. “Don’t like how they farm.”
	“Well, maybe this will make the decision for us,” Brandy pulled out a bank statement. “As of yesterday, your account has $2.01.”



TWO


	“She’ll never win.” Aunt Molly brushed her palms together, scattering crumbs on anyone within six feet. “Will, go get me another foot long hotdog and a large Pepsi.  Load it up with sauerkraut, pickles, onions and mustard.”	
	Ten days since Brandy shocked the family with their financial picture. I crowded in with that cash strapped family in a jam packed Foam Lake ice hockey arena, fans hanging from the rafters. The final event of the 1975 Foam Lake Annual Winter Carnival, and the Carnival Queen was about to be announced.
	Everyone wanted to witness this event. Pretty girls from all over central Saskatchewan flocked to compete for the $500 prize money. Even the nearby city of Yorkton’s TV station covered the spectacle along with a number of the neighbouring small town newspapers reporting on the crowning ceremony.   
	“She’s got a good chance,” I muttered. 
	“She’s just lucky her best friend Gabriela didn’t enter,” commented Aunt Molly. “Brandy couldn’t compete with that.”
	Gabriela Lafarge seemed to have convinced many in the town of Foam Lake that she was destined for Los Angeles, California, and the good life with her looks being the ticket to that paradise. She carried herself like a beauty queen, promising everyone she’d remember them, when she lived down in the golden state. Except, Gabriela stood five foot five, a little short of model material.    
	Buddy crunched noisily on his chips. “Gabriela told me that Carnival Queen is nothing.”
	“Told me the same,” I said. “Talked about how she’ll make more in an hour as a top model than this prize money.”
	Buddy’s eyebrows shot up in surprise.“Really?” He pointed across the arena. “Hey, look at Gabriela and Cindy!”
	I gazed at the two friends of Brandy, who taunted and mocked her while she stood up on the makeshift stage. The short red haired Cindy Kowalski was the mouthy member in this trio of friends. I believed the freckle faced Cindy despised her two more attractive friends, compensating by speaking louder, openly being ruder, criticizing endlessly and continually seeking out trouble. Thankfully, Brandy ignored her two friends, keeping her composure and dignity, focusing on the pageant.    
	In this friend trio, on many occasions Brandy played the role of odd person out. For both Gabriela and Cindy’s families perceived themselves superior to Brandy’s family. In fact, both Gabriela and Cindy perceived themselves superior to Brandy. Especially in the area of boys, for Gabriela and Cindy had been dating since eighth grade when their boy obsession began. 
	Gabriela and Cindy bragged and talked endlessly about their current boyfriend, switching love interests every year or so with much fan fair and drama.  Ensuring to publicly announce the new boyfriend a day or two after the emotional breakup. Except, that new man had been well secured before that previous breakup commenced. 
	Constantly, they ridiculed Brandy about her unwillingness to join the boyfriend game, wanting to line Brandy up with some guy who was beneath them but more suitable for her. As well, whenever Gabriela and Cindy’s mothers saw Brandy, the first thing out of their busy body mouths was a question about when she would finally get a boyfriend.  
	Brandy was ruled out on other occasions within this friend trio. Social events such as weddings, church functions, school parties and dances, found Brandy on the outside looking in with her two friends ensuring Brandy knew how much fun and good times she had missed.   
	One exception occurred at a Foam Lake school dance a couple of years ago where an eager to fit in Brandy attended with the other two. The mischievous Cindy procured some booze to liven up the dance. Except, thanks to the trouble making Cindy, Brandy consumed altered alcohol, whereas the other girls drank untainted liquor. This caused a stomach pumping episode in the Foam Lake hospital for Brandy with her two friends enjoying the prank immensely. My worry, no matter what the result in this carnival, Gabriela and Cindy would ensure Brandy knew her place.          
	Over the public address system a voice crackled through the arena, “And the runner up in this year’s Carnival Queen pageant is Janet Burns.”
	Aunt Molly laughed mockingly. “See, if Janet can only get second, Brandy’s got no chance.”
	The Public address announcer continued, “And the winner of the 1975 Foam Lake Carnival Queen pageant is the beautiful Brandy Babchuk!”   

	The day after the pageant win a shivering Brandy, Will and I attempted to talk our uncle into selling his gas generator. “Come on Uncle Mike,” the persuasive Brandy pleaded with her favourite uncle who resided in Foam Lake.  
	A bitterly cold day as we hovered around that sizeable machine half buried in snow. Poor Brandy, really needed a decent coat for this cold weather, but all her money was being funnelled into the business. I tagged along for the ride, for if they were successful, I would assist them to load it on the truck. 
	Also, I loved spending time with Uncle Mike. The thoughtful Mike Babchuk introduced me to good books, introduced me to enlightening radio and TV programs, and taught me how to play chess. Excitedly, once a week he and I duelled over his marble chess board.    
	“Sorry kids,” Uncle Mike said.
	“But you never use the generator,” stated Will. 
	Uncle Mike shrugged his shoulders. “I might.”
	Will kicked the generator lightly. “Damn thing needs fixing.” Will was beginning the negotiation process already.
	“And you know how I’ll have to ride Buddy,” Brandy said with her teeth chattering. The second gift Buddy possessed was the ability to fix anything mechanical. Except, the skill he lacked was to actually complete any size task. His older sister seemed to be the only one who could motivate him to focus long enough to successfully reach the end of a job.
	Uncle Mike gazed down sheepishly. “Besides your parents ordered me not to sell it to you.” He took a long breath. “In fact your Mom got right nasty.” He assumed a look of terror. “And her and I don’t get along at the best of times.”
	“Please Uncle Mike!” Brandy begged. “The electrical costs will kill us if we don’t have a gas generator.”
	“True enough,” responded Uncle Mike. “The electrical bills from the Saskatchewan Power Company were one of the things that did your Mom and Dad in when they ran the greenhouse.”
	Brandy fidgeted. “It’s worth so much to us!”
	I noticed her expressive eyes beginning to show panic as if this mission was tanking quickly, so I suggested, “You know Uncle Mike, maybe once in a while Brandy could drop some of her delicious healthy cookies to make up the difference in price. And ease the storm Aunt Molly will send your way.”
	“Great idea Pinball,” exclaimed Brandy. For the confirmed bachelor lived a healthy lifestyle. The redneck town of Foam Lake made fun of his eating patterns, his walking and meditating. Except, he looked twenty years younger than his age.
	Uncle Mike assumed a sad expression, jamming his quivering red hands in his pockets. “Aw, kids I’d love to sell it to you. But if your Mom knew we were even talking about it.”    
	“Damn!” Will shrank as he kicked the snow. “That witch!” 
	“Please, please Uncle Mike,” implored Brandy with desperation in her voice.
	“Just can’t sell it,” Uncle Mike said in his soft spoken tone. “But if you kids took it when I wasn’t looking; sneak it in when your parents aren’t home and set it up before they even know.” He looked at Brandy and smiled. “I consider myself an okay cook. But I can’t come close to those healthy treats. So, I want no money, but I want a batch of those yummy cookies once a month.”   

	Will, Buddy, a freezing Brandy and myself worked like slaves the next week preparing the greenhouse and converted barn. Every day after school Brandy and I joined Will and Buddy, rolling up our sleeves, tackling whatever required doing. Whenever Brandy entered the greenhouse, she injected a certain vibrancy which seemed to rejuvenate and refocus her often arguing brothers.
	Each day after school when Brandy and I joined the boys, swearing greeted us, some minor dispute turned nasty. Many times the spark that started the disagreement was whether Chevy or Ford was a better car; whether the Toronto Maple Leafs or the Montreal Canadians was the better ice hockey team; whether Bugs Bunny or the Roadrunner was the better cartoon; or whether Playboy or Penthouse was the better magazine. Within seconds Brandy steered the lads on track.  
	The trio pooled their cash. Will sold his remaining cow, and with Brandy’s Carnival Queen winnings, they had enough for their startup costs. They purchased seeds, fertilizer, additional lighting and heating equipment, some building supplies for the barn conversion, along with other miscellaneous items. Even had enough for a critical motor part to enable their old one ton truck to limp along which they required for the transporting of plants. That was another job Brandy would be riding Buddy on. 
	Except, after all that spending, completely out of cash, they still fell painfully short. For they had to cover operating expenses until spring when the plant sales kicked into high gear. In addition, that rust bucket truck of theirs demanded much more, requiring major parts and labour lavished on it, in order for it to survive the entire delivery season. 
	Every evening when I returned to my house, my family went ballistic on me, riding my ass hard for helping their mortal enemies, prying for info. It was not as if we had massive amounts of work to do around our place. For Pa and Eddy’s reputation revolved around laziness, hard work stayed clear of them. Every few years they attempted to plant some sort of crop on the one quarter of land Pa owned. Except, farming never seemed to be their calling. Nothing ever grew, and they blamed it on their bad luck. 
	Yes, they operated a goose barn, but they put limited effort into the struggling venture. Although that dilapidated structure housed their whisky still. They invested a certain amount of energy into brewing their own home made whiskey, fuelling their personal cravings for the potent juice. I swore those buzzed geese were enjoying a permanent high from the powerful fermenting whiskey fumes.  
	Pa and Eddy were best at talking, complaining, smoking, chewing tobacco, drinking and dreaming, but when it came to actually doing something about that dream, they were sorrily lacking. So, Pa dreamed of one day being a big moose or elk rancher. However, he never figured the time was quite right to move on his dream. Eddy dreamed of being a famous race car driver, one day winning the Indy 500. Again like Pa, Eddy never took any meaningful steps towards his dream.    
	“Ay Pinball, you loser and traitor! What are those retards doing now?” Eddy asked as he gazed out our kitchen window in the dark, attempting to figure out what his cousins were up to. Both our kitchen window and our front porch looked directly onto Uncle Gord’s farmyard. So, my family spent many an hour observing and critiquing every action across the way. 
	“A greenhouse,” I replied.
	“Fucking Pinball. I know that.” He shoved his face up against the windowpane. “But what are they doing right now. I can see them unloading  something big off that piece of junk truck, and putting it beside that greenhouse.”
	“Probably nothing,” I said attempting to sound convincing. For I knew tonight was the night that gas generator would suddenly appear. Conveniently, Uncle Mike offered to drive Brandy and her parents into the city of Yorkton to play bingo. Brandy shared a fresh batch of her cookies with her co-conspirator on the trip, ensuring they would not return until late. This afforded Will and Buddy ample time to sneak in the generator.
	“Those fools will never make a go of a greenhouse.” Shirley rubbed her large breasts crudely. “Fucking tits of mine. Damn breast feeding.”
	Continuously, my unhappy sister complained. Shirley, who was 23 years old, popped a kid recently. Let’s just say that the homely and overweight girl was desperate for a partner, and the Ice Maker at the Foam Lake Arena drew the short straw. They dated for the past three years but no sign of the man walking down the aisle yet. Except, Shirley would never give up on him.
	Upon our mother’s death at my birth, Pa convinced one of his distant relatives to come and live with us, taking care of us kids. However, we were a handful, and the lady left us five years ago. Rightfully, she claimed taking care of two adults like Shirley and Eddy was a bit much. She believed it was time for them to get off their asses. At that point, I felt for Shirley as she assumed some of the responsibilities for the household. That may have created some bitterness and anger inside the young lady.
	Her dream was to raise kids and watch soap operas, and in a way, she was living her dream right now. Except, she oozed miserable, wanting the Ice Maker to marry her.  Although, she claimed if she had one dream outside the home, it was to prepare food in a restaurant. Mind you, her lack of hygiene could be a detriment to the customers.   
	“Ay, my new boyfriend Billy says, they should sell their land and move away,” said my 16 year old sister Darcy. My bubblegum chewing sibling was without a doubt, the town slut. Granted my sister was a real looker, but in that trashy way, everything she did oozed steamy sex. The boys drooled continually for the way she wore her flowing blonde hair, winked her inviting blue eyes, puckered her juicy red lips, strutted her well put together body in her revealing wardrobe, and applied her piles of cheap makeup that outdid most hookers. 
	Darcy embraced sex at a young age, and she never looked back. Her nickname at our Foam Lake High School was Pond Pumper. Picked up that handle when she decided to pleasure more than one lad beside a large pond of water. However, the one oddity, Darcy never studied, and she ranked top five in her class. Although, my trashy sister had a knack of having the smart boys doing her homework, and her grades in the classes with male teachers were noticeably higher. 
	“Thought Tommy was your boyfriend yesterday?” I asked.
	“Fucking stupid whore!” Shirley said in her grating voice. Shirley rode her pretty young sister hard, knocking Darcy’s confidence at every turn.
	“He was.” Darcy giggled. “Ay, but Billy gave me a ride home from school today, and well, you know.” Brandy and I rode the jolting school bus between Fishing Lake and Foam Lake each day. However, due to Darcy’s popularity and giving nature, she received a more personal chauffeured service from the boys.  
	“Yeah, yeah.” Eddy  sneered at Darcy. “Same old story, fucked your ride silly.” 
	“Doesn’t take much to get Darcy’s leathers off,” sniped Shirley. For Darcy loved wearing leather pants or jacket, emulating Leather Tuscadero from Happy Days.
	Eddy guffawed. “Both my tramp sisters, always spreading them legs.” 
	Darcy stuck out her  tongue at her older brother. “Beats the way you pay two dollars to screw the native girls.”
	“Ay, I’m cool. Don’t have to pay the renegade girls.” Eddy spat on his hands, slicking back his hair. “They love me!” Eddy carried good looks and a good body, topped off with his ability to smooth talk, he enjoyed a certain way with the girls. Although, his lack of hygiene detracted from his overall presentation.     
	Shirley chewed the last bite of her sandwich as she talked, “Maybe you can get ‘em to the back seat, but you leave your mark.”
	“I’m a real man!” Eddy took a shot of their moonshine which him and Pa consumed while chewing their tobacco every night. 
	“More like a real pig,” hissed Darcy. “Those girls can’t wait to get out of your back seat.”  
	“Hah! They love me!” Eddy jerked his finger towards the window he looked through. “Speaking of getting out, I wish that Uncle Gord’s band of renegades would get the fuck out of here.”
	“Maybe we need to encourage them,” Shirley said while making herself another triple decker sandwich. The new mother was tipping the scales around 250 pounds these days. She claimed it was a result of the baby, but she usually packed about 225 during normal times. “We could let loose a bunch of rats in their house.” The often gloomy Shirley began to attend church since the baby was born, not sure it was doing any good so far. Although, I thought the church experiment revolved more around sucking up to her Ice Maker’s parents and potential in-laws, than the reform of Shirley. 
	Darcy chomped on her gum. “Ay, why not just burn their house?” Now this statement fit right in with what Darcy’s dream happened to be. For she dreamed of being a biker chick but not just any biker chick. Darcy thought big, she wanted to put her brains and body to good use, latching onto the head of a biker gang, being the Queen of the biker bitches. Oh yeah, she talked a secondary dream as well. It complemented her primary dream, wanting to be a stripper in one of the big city clubs with her peeler handle being, Leather Rider.
	Finally, Pa spoke up, “Yeah! Burn my older brother’s house. That would get that bloody cripple moving his wheelchair fast, running from them flames.” He let out a cackle that sent a shiver down my spine, followed by spitting a stream of black drool in a stinking tin can that Eddy and Pa kept in the middle of the table for that purpose. 
	In fact, our house reeked between the sweat, whiskey, tobacco, odour of gamey meat from Eddy’s kills, Eddy’s lingering odour of oil and gas, Eddy’s cheap rank cologne, Shirley and Darcy’s even cheaper perfume, Pa’s infrequently changed goose shit smelling clothes along with my poor nephew’s infrequently changed diapers. Continually, I sprayed air freshener, having little impact. Could I have an impact on where this conversation was heading?       
	So, I deepened my voice for there was no way I’d let my family rev  up their warped minds. “Let’s get real you guys.” 
	Smack! Shirley struck me hard on the shoulder. “You’re just afraid that skinny Brandy might get hurt. I think you love her.”
	“Brandy’s my cousin.” I rubbed my shoulder. “Don’t be sick.” It was great for a not very popular grade eight like myself to have Brandy and her best friend Gabriela, the two hottest girls in the twelfth grade, giving me a little attention when we passed in the Foam Lake school hallway. “We’re good friends.”  
	Eddy plunked himself down in a chair, spitting his gross wad, missing the tin can. “Ay, I’d sure do her.” He wiped his mouth with his dirty sleeve of his leather jacket that was exactly like Fonzie’s.  I often wished my older brother would have been cool like his idol from Happy Days, but Eddy oozed filth, a true bottom feeder. “Angel face, that bod rocks, and them big boobs are oh so fine.” 
	Crack! Shirley smacked Eddy over the head with a cast iron frying pan, dropping him to the floor. “Don’t you ever say how beautiful she is.” She shook her fist at her older brother. “I hate that girl.” Intense anger flooded her face, a killer glare resinated from Shirley’s eyes. “And I wish Miss Carnival Queen were dead.” Bang! She hit the table with the frying pan. “No, I don’t wish, I want her dead!”



THREE


	“No damn way we are growing that shit,” Will screamed three days later in the greenhouse. “Get those seeds out of here.”
	My trio of cousins and I prepared seedling trays on Saturday working with a gas generator and Elvis Presley singing sweetly in the background. Also, we enjoyed the sweet aroma of wood smoke, for we dragged in an old wood burning stove to augment the overtaxed generator. Brandy insisted on music, and Elvis was usually the choice with plenty of Pepsi or steaming hot coffee available to keep us working. 
	Brandy rode Buddy like a drill sergeant at times over the past three days since her brothers hauled the generator into the farmyard. Then she’d praise him lavishly, serving mouth watering cookies and refreshments. It was the only way. Buddy felt so proud when that generator fired up. The real beauty, one generator produced enough power to run the requirements for both the greenhouse and converted barn which sat side by side, but only if we pampered it. 
	Not surprising, the hollering at Brandy’s home was through the roof when Aunt Molly and Uncle Gord learned of that generator. Aunt Molly hurled a Pepsi bottle at the wall as Uncle Mike’s name was trashed repeatedly with an endless stream of threats delivered. Except in the end, once it was up and running, all the complaining shifted to the noise the generator manufactured along with the cost of the gas to keep it operating. 
	Although fortune shone on my trio of cousins, as that trip to bingo in Yorkton, returned Brandy $500 richer from her blackout win. Now they had plenty of cash to cover operating expenses, fix the truck properly and finally, purchase Brandy a warm and fashionable coat. 
	“No drugs Buddy,” Brandy stated. “No way, we could go to jail.”
	“Ah, but, but let’s just give it a try,” begged Buddy like a little puppy. “Mom and Dad never come out here. They’ll never know.”
	Will distanced himself from the group, shaking his head in disapproval. “I’m not going to jail!”
	Buddy raised his hands, palms out in a defensive position. “I’ll say it was mine, you guys knew nothing.”
	“I heard at school you can get twenty dollars an ounce for that whacky tabacky,” I whispered.   
	“And Steven, the ministers son, said it grows like crazy out here.” Buddy put his hand level with his eyes. “He claims those weed plants grow that high. Do you think?”
	Brandy laughed. “That Steven’s such a stoner; that’s about the only thing he’d know.”
	“You fool, where would we put the plants when they grow that tall?” Will inquired as he paced back and forth, twitching nervously from merely talking about the sensitive subject.
	Buddy scratched his head. “Umm, don’t know!”
	“You know, there’s that little hidden ravine next to your land that sits on the Native Reservation,” I suggested. “Has plenty of water, and the only access is from your land.”
	“Yeah, yeah, nobody ever goes their,” said Buddy with his infectious enthusiasm filling the greenhouse. “And the natives will get blamed if the weed’s ever found.”
	“We can’t to that,” Will said. 
	Buddy snickered with a goofy grin as he said sarcastically, “That wouldn’t be right.”
	“That hippie lettuce is certainly becoming more popular,” I said. “Even buzzed out Margaret Trudeau enjoys her joints.”
	“Yeah, maybe Pierre takes the odd toke too,” speculated Buddy. “Hey, do you think the Trudeau’s could be our customers one day?”
	“For sure,” I said as I joined in Buddy’s fantasy. “We could grow their own special blend calling it, Margaret’s magical meltdown.” The comment garnered a chuckle from all, relaxing the group a bit.  
	“Okay you guys, There’s no way we are growing that stuff,” Brandy insisted. “Just no way.” She thought for a long moment. “I went through the numbers on the greenhouse and Dad’s right. It’ll be tough to make a go of it. So, we’ll have to do something different, but not this. ”
	“Aw Brandy,” Buddy whined.
	“Do we need to think of this another way?” I asked. I sat with her when we went through those numbers. I knew what a tough go a straight greenhouse would be, and Aunt Molly would not change any of her spending habits. 
	“Twenty bucks an ounce makes me think different,” Buddy said in a dreamy like tone. “Ah, but what…” Buddy rubbed his head, math not being his strong suit.
	I excelled at math like Brandy. I knew both of our minds were calculating. “50 ounces and you have a thousand dollars. That’s just over three pounds.”
	“That’ll be easy to grow.” Buddy danced around like a kid. “I’ll take care of them. You won’t have to touch the plants.” He continued his jig. Crash! He wiped out a tray of seedlings, sending the uncoordinated lad plummeting to the floor.
	It took a few minutes to collect ourselves after the lengthy laughing session. That comical fall by Buddy seemed to take the tension from the group. “But seriously guys.” Brandy dried laughter tears from her eyes. “There is no way we’d ever be involved in selling that crap to people.” 
	“And you should never,” I said. “But, I know a kid whose parents own a cottage out here, who has an older brother in Yorkton. They can’t get enough good weed there. He’d buy whatever you got, they come and get it. You’ll never have to get your hands dirty.”

	“Watch the generator close tonight, real close,” I murmured to Brandy over the phone one night about 11:00 PM in late February 1975. “Something is going on.” 
	The seeds had taken hold, sprouting up, excitement building for the trio of cousins and myself. Except, one generator outage could ruin us. One of the four of us checked in the middle of each night to ensure that precious generator continued to hum away.
	On this particular night, I overheard my family whispering about their plan. An exceptional set of ears was a gift I had been blessed with, hearing most words spoken from my upstairs bedroom.  
	They never nailed a time for their foul play. However, Pa and Eddy were too lazy to rise in the middle of the night, and they never arose early in the morning unless absolutely necessary. So, I figured they’d strike sometime after midnight when the alcohol ignited their courage.
	Luckily, a full moon shone that night. I enjoyed a clear view as I watched through my bedroom window as Eddy crept outside, attempting to keep quiet. Except that seem to be impossible. First, he took a leak, whistling loudly while he emptied his bladder, letting the entire countryside know he was done with an earth shattering fart. Second, he combed his hair, ensuring he looked just right before his secret mission, singing a few lines of the Happy Days theme song. 
	Third, he slipped on the ice, falling flat on his ass, launching a string of profanities. Fourth, as he attempted to come in from the back of the farmyard, it required him to go through a barbwire fence, that fence got the upper hand, ripping his pants, slicing his hands, filling the night with a stream of curses again. 
	Finally, when the injured Eddy reached the greenhouse. Err! Err! Snapper snarled menacingly at Eddy. For Uncle Gord’s dog was a half wolf, half greyhound who never appreciated uninvited guests. Snapper had been tied to the front door of the greenhouse with enough slack in the leash to do damage. A disoriented Eddy staggered up much too close to the protective canine before realizing his plight.       
	Err! Err! Snapper sounded his last warning. Screams then echoed through the night, along with intermittent low growls, snapping of teeth, tearing of clothes, cries for help, followed by more intense screams, followed by one gigantic scream.
	The least I could do was to greet Eddy at the door. The sight stuck with me for years. Basically, a pantless Eddy stumbled through the door, blood pouring from cuts and bites. He swayed on his feet, pain and terror enveloped his entire face, tears rolling down his eyes. 
	“Get me whiskey,” Eddy muttered in a strangled voice as he fell to the floor, curling up in a ball. “Forgot about the fucking dog!”  He grasped for his crotch. “Thank God, that dog didn’t get my junk.” Then his eyes rolled in his head, and he passed out.       

	Late March of 1975 and spring kicked into high gear. The generator hummed less with the warmer temperatures, and the plants were now two months into their growth cycle with a projected date of Mother’s Day. That day happened to be the most popular date for any greenhouse in this area.      
	My trio of cousins developed two and a half potential revenue streams. First, customers that came directly to the greenhouse. That would be Brandy’s department for her sales and customer service skills were off the charts. She could sell ice, ice cream or anything cold to the cheapest of Eskimo. Second, Will and I would load up the truck on Saturday and Sunday, journeying to the larger cities to set up shop at the various farmer’s markets being held. 
	The half of revenue stream fell into Buddy’s area. Those crazy marijuana plants shot up similar to the way Buddy was growing, like a bad weed.  That was no surprise, for Buddy poured the fertilizer generously when it came to his cannabis plants. They dwarfed the other greenhouse plants, worrying us continuously, paranoid that anyone other then the four of us might enter the greenhouse. The now six foot six Buddy promised he’d transplant the rapidly growing pleasure plants as soon as the weather was right.
	Pa and my siblings never spoke of Eddy’s tangle with Snapper the watchdog. Eddy continued to support the scars from that one-sided wrestling match which all four of the greenhouse gang had the privilege of witnessing. I use the word greenhouse gang, for I had become a part of this greenhouse team, even warranting a key. A key I guarded with my life to the mega sized padlocks now on the greenhouse and converted barn which only the four of us possessed.  
	Although Aunt Molly planned her large vegetable garden and immaculate flower garden, for she possessed an exceptional green thumb, she vowed she would never enter the greenhouse. She cursed that greenhouse and us continuously, criticizing our every move. Our paranoia grew as we witnessed Aunt Molly and the scheming Shirley chatting amiably. That had not happened in years, had hell froze over? We speculated that some topic had drawn the two enemies together, and the way they glanced at the greenhouse, we figured we knew what that was.   
	Also, my suspicion  grew when I overheard my sister brag to Eddy one day, “I think  the foolish old bat is falling for it.” They both then laughed like conspiratorial hyenas. 
	Now Uncle Gord’s attitude seemed to be melting. We heard no criticism lately, mind you, no praise either. For talk around Foam Lake swirled that the Babchuk’s were back in the greenhouse business, and they were doing it in a big way. We figured Uncle Mike generated most of the positive talk as he told everyone about his niece and nephews, who had a real flare for business, and all were damn hard workers.    
	On a particularly warm spring afternoon, Brandy and I drove Uncle Gord into town. Buddy took charge of getting Uncle Gord in the car when we were departing the farm. Unceremoniously, he grabbed his Dad, carrying him like a sack of flower, hurling him in the backseat with little regard for the rough ride he subjected his father to. 
	On the drive into Foam Lake, we listened to Uncle Gord complain constantly about that roller coaster ride Buddy put him through. Once we arrived in town, Uncle Mike wheeled Uncle Gord down for a beer at the bar in the Foam Lake Hotel. For this was the first time Uncle Gord ventured to the bar since the accident, a huge step for the healing man. 
	Meanwhile, Brandy and I picked up supplies for the greenhouse operation. We ran into Kelly Alberts, a friend of Brandy’s. Kelly was one of those guys who would have been gay, but he was either in denial, scared to come out or was just unaware himself. Today, Kelly had blonde hair, for he changed his hair colour frequently. He joined us, heading for the Blue Room Cafe which was part of the hotel and attached to the bar. It allowed us to catch up as Kelly was a fun loving guy and a major Foam Lake gossip. This enabled Brandy to enjoy one of her favourite unhealthy delights, french fries with gravy and ketchup. Also, this allowed Uncle Gord some added bar time. 
	“Your Dad needs rescuing,” Uncle Mike surprised us as he slipped into our booth. “I can’t get him out. He may have had one too many.” Nervously, Uncle Mike played with his glasses. “Molly will kill me again.”   
	“Tell him it is time to go,” I suggested as I stole another fry. 
	“Did that,” claimed Uncle Mike? “He won’t budge. Brandy, you’re the only one he’ll listen to. You gotta go in there and get him out.”
	A look of utter fear settled on her face. “I’ve never been in there. I can’t go! I’m only 17.”
	“Have to, and he can’t think I sent you.” Uncle Mike leaned back in the booth. “Only way, and you know he can’t drink any more than he has with that medication he’s taking, or else.”
	I turned to Brandy, “Look I’ll stand at the side door of the bar, watching for cops .”
	Kelly grinned. “I’d go in, but I tried to go in last night. The hulking bartender tossed me out.” 
	That determined look now returned, she gulped. “Okay Pinball.”
	The two of us proceeded to our stations, me at the side door, Brandy behind her father. He never realized our presence. The most noticeable difference was that Uncle Gord wore a big happy smile as he conversed with the gang around the table. The first smile observed since the wheelchair became a part of his life.
	Uncle Gord spoke with exaggerated hand gestures, “And those kids think big. They know what their doing They’ll be the biggest greenhouse in Saskatchewan soon.” 
	I caught a tear in Brandy’s eye. Her father was laughing and talking about how great his kids were. We thought he hated the greenhouse idea, yet he glowed with pride.  
	“And that Brandy, she leads them all!” Uncle Gord boasted. “She’s a winner!”
	Trembling, Brandy tapped her Dad on the shoulder. 
	He gazed up at her in shock. “Oh Brandy! Ah, you can’t be in here.” He looked over at me. “Get out of here Pinball!” He turned back to Brandy. “You have to go.”   
	She brushed her hand through her hair nervously. “Sorry Dad, we all have to go.”
	“Okay, okay, okay Brandy, let’s go!” Panic set into Uncle Gord’s eyes, as having his underage daughter in the bar freaked him out. Especially as the bartender began to shuffle over to their table. Brandy maneuvered the wheelchair, gracing her father’s friends with her lethal smile. “And for putting a big grin on my Dad’s face, on your first trip to the greenhouse, everything’s half price for you!”
 	Uncle Gord shouted back at his pals. “Told you she’s a winner!”



FOUR


	Early Friday afternoon before Mother’s Day weekend in 1975 and the greenhouse plants were ready for sale. Brandy and I snuck home from school early, all of us waiting anxiously for customers. Frantic, best described the last few weeks, preparing and toiling for this special weekend. The greenhouse had been cleaned and organized, hoping to make each customer’s experience outstanding, but would they show? 
	Three weeks ago, Brandy slipped into the local Foam Lake newspaper to purchase an ad for the greenhouse opening this afternoon at 1:00 pm. Except, the weird man at the rag leered at her and attempted to be overly friendly. Brandy vowed to never go back and deal with the roving hands creep. We decided on a completely different tact. For we advertised the grand opening by placing a flyer in every home in town, as well as plastering posters on every available spot in Foam Lake and neighbouring towns.  	
	Four nights ago in preparation for the grand opening, we transported the weed from the greenhouse to the hidden ravine. It was a pitch dark night while we slinked about, working quietly. Buddy scratched his head as we were in the process of moving the last weed plants and whispered. “Do you think Snapper could be acting funny from chewing on the weed?” For the past month Snapper had become glazed eyed, become real mellow, become real hungry and become a slacker as far as his guard dog duties. 
	“Has he been nibbling on the plants?” I asked.
	“Yeah,” Buddy confessed. “But I didn’t think it’d hurt him.” 
	Poor Snapper did miss those fun plants when they left the greenhouse. Thankfully, the doggy withdrawal only lasted a few days with Snapper returning to his feisty and protective self once he lost his source.     
	Also, first thing in the morning, Will and I were off to pedal plants at the Yorkton farmer’s market as part of this kickoff weekend. We would be heading back on Mother’s Day. Somehow, Brandy managed to secure us a prime spot at that popular farmer’s market, and she managed to talk the Yorkton Enterprise into giving us a free newspaper ad. I was there with her on that trip to Yorkton. Brandy’s ability to smooth talk people into giving freebies was amazing. I was learning the power of the smile. 
	Will paced back and forth in front of the greenhouse. “There’s nobody coming.” 
	“Relax, they’ll show.” Buddy sat back in a lawn chair, putting his feet up, totally enjoying the no customer, no work moment.
	“ Losers!” Shirley bellowed from her front porch. “No ones coming. Told you.”
	Aunt Molly yelled from her garden, “Shirley’s right! Just a big waste.” 
	Shirley waved at her Aunt. “Hi Aunt Molly, looks like you and I were the smart ones, again.” 
	“Shut the fuck up,” blared Buddy. “You two lazy cows.”
	“Stupid fools,” Aunt Molly huffed, returning to the planting of her garden. “Buddy, get over here and help me.”
	“Here’s my answer Mom.” Buddy let fly with a rip roaring fart, reverberating through the farmyard. He chuckled and chugged on his Pepsi, taking pride in his noisy accomplishment. For Buddy’s ability to frequently pass gigantic gas swelled the young man’s chest.   
	“Stupid fool.” Aunt Molly mumbled.
	“You’re a pig!” Shirley yelled at Buddy.
	“Oink! Oink! But you can’t eat this bacon.” Buddy sprang to his feet. “Holy shit! Here someone comes!” A carload of folks eased into the farmyard. 
	“And another is coming,” Brandy shouted. “Isn’t it exciting?”
	As people filed out of both cars I realized it was Uncle Gord’s gang of pals from the Foam Lake bar along with their wives. The momentum from this group seemed to spill over for the rest of the afternoon as a steady stream of plant seeking cars found their way to the Babchuk Greenhouse.       

	As I think back to that Mother’s Day weekend in 1975, I learned business lessons that stayed with me for the rest of my life. We were merely four kids working hard, channeling endless energy and passion, believing in ourselves, realizing the opportunities out there were unlimited. We put ourselves out there over the past few months leading up to this day. We took chances, making mistakes, learning from those mistakes and drove on. For the risks were worth the potential returns, and we loved the freedom of running our own show. 
	We had all caught the entrepreneurial bug. However, the one realization that disappointed me was how certain individuals begrudged us any sort of success. Over the past months we had been subjected to ridicule, subjected to jealousy, subjected to sabotage, and the worse thing, it stemmed mainly from those that were closest to us.
	Nothing saddened me more than on that Saturday morning of the Mother’s Day weekend my Pa struck. For when Will and I were loading up the truck, preparing to head to Yorkton, full of energy and excitement, he made his move. Pa, Eddy and Shirley strode over before sunrise which was very unusual for the late sleeping gang. The hostile group confronted me with raging eyes and fists clenched. They demanded I go back into the house.    
	“But Pa,” I pleaded. “We got a big day ahead.”
	“Bloody Pinball,”Pa snarled. “Got work for you. Get on home.”
	“What work?” I asked. “You aren’t doing anything, and I did all my chores first thing this morning.”
	Pa chuckled and spat tobacco on the ground. “I’ll find something.” 
	“Like wash my car,” Eddy said. “Wash all our cars.”
	“Good idea Eddy,” Pa  agreed as he rubbed his crotch with his fly wide open. Pa took pride in his penis size, thinking nothing of flaunting it. In fact, both Pa and Eddy thought nothing of taking a whiz anywhere, enjoying themselves even more if a crowd watched their urination act.  
	“You can look after my fucking kid too.” Shirley stood there in an ugly sack of a night gown, chewing gum like a cow, stringy hair hanging down, accentuating her slob reputation. 
	“Who’s looking after your baby right now?” I asked. For Shirley was notorious for leaving her baby unattended, even forgetting where the poor little guy was. I swear I spent more time with the baby then her. On most occasions when I walked in the house, her child’s diaper required changing. She claimed she’d get around to it when her smoke was done, when her TV show was over or when she finished eating. So, I would roll up my sleeves and do it.       
	“Get in the house, take care of that fucking brat,” she yelled.
	“Ay Pinball, move it,” Eddy snarled while he finished styling his greasy hair, slipping a grimy comb back in his pocket.   
	I attempted to protest. “But…”
	Whack! Eddy punched me in the stomach. “Move!” He screamed. 
	I would not go down, even though I was sucking air. I glared at him with hatred.    
	I fought the pain, taking my time, straightening up, squaring my shoulders. “I’m going to Yorkton,” I muttered with my voice quavering. “You can beat me up Eddy, but I’m going!”
	Will attempted to step in front of me. “No Will!” I said. “Let Eddy be a big man and kick my ass. He can’t stand to see anyone else succeed.”
	“Why you son of a bitch?” Eddy rolled his shoulders and roared. “I’ll kill you!” He punched me in the eye, knocking me to the ground. “Pinball, you’re a dead man!” He wound up for a kick that never landed as the muscular Buddy and Brandy had slipped behind the group squaring off. Big Buddy grabbed Eddy before that devastating kick could do damage. “Ever touch Pinball again,” whispered Buddy. “I’ll rip you up worse then what Snapper did.”  Buddy towered over Eddy, holding him with a vice like grip.
	The slow moving Shirley attempted a kick to my ribs. Bonk! Brandy whacked her over the head with a metal lunch pail she held in one hand. Brandy packed lunch for Will and myself. Her weapon stopped a whimpering Shirley in her tracks with the lunch pail falling to the ground.
	“Fucking Bitch!” Shirley moved over to the truck, snatching up a sizeable pipe wrench from a toolbox, turning to Brandy, threatening under her breath, “I’ll kill you skinny movie star.” That was the term Shirley utilized for Brandy. Shirley took on that wacko look as she approached, swinging the lethal weapon, flashing a sick psychotic smile, determined to end her cousin’s life. “Gonna enjoy fucking up that pretty face before you die.” 
	Brandy moved quick, scooping up a handful of sand, flinging it in Shirley’s eyes, sending the temporarily blinded lady to her knees, bellowing in pain and frustration. A moment passed as Shirley rose to her knees, having difficulty focusing, continuing to threaten, “When I get a hold of you.”    
	Brandy bounced on her toes as a glazed eyed Shirley weaved closer. “One more step and I’ll let Snapper loose.” For as Shirley was cleaning sand from her eyes while down on her knees, Brandy brought a friend to her aid. 
	Brandy held her ground defiantly, clutching Snapper’s leash in her hand. “Give Shirley a warning Snapper,” Brandy commanded.
	Err! Err! Err! Snapper let a series of bone curdling growls fly that had all of us pissing our pants. I had to give it to Buddy for he trained Snapper to obey numerous commands, in particular, attack. Buddy and Snapper were inseparable best friends, endless similarities, big and goofy, but both nasty when provoked. With Snapper at her side, Brandy now held the upper hand.      
	Shirley’s eye’s grew panicky at Snapper’s presence, sending her body to tremble then convulse. The fear struck lady looked to Pa for help.  
	Pa stepped back, afraid himself, sizing up the situation. “Ah Pinball, I’ll not have you working for nothing,” he said with a definite tremor in his voice. “And I’ll not have one of my sons working for a girl.”  
	“No fucking kidding,” Eddy added, spitting on the ground. For Pa and Eddy’s negative attitude toward a woman leader was another unfortunate learning for me. This naive kid was beginning to recognize the open and subtle discrimination Brandy was up against.     
	I noticed Brandy scrunched up her nose. She hesitated apprehensively for a long moment, she appeared rattled. So, I jumped in, standing up tall. “Brandy is a great leader.” I peeked over at her with an uncertain look as I was unsure if I should disclose our deal. “And I love working with these guys.”
	Brandy took in a breath, grinned and winked at me, I knew then she was back on track. She held up her hand, taking control. “Pinball is like a brother to all three of us. Also, he’s an amazing worker. We’d never take advantage of him, never.” 
	“You sure fucking would,” muttered Eddy with Buddy squeezing him a little tighter, choking the scum.  
	Brandy pointed at Pa. “And do up your fly!”
	Pa zipped up his fly while he chuckled. “A real man!”
	“A real tiny pig,” Brandy  shot back.  
	Pa and Brandy glared at each other. There was no love lost between these two. For several years ago, Pa knocked Brandy off her bike and into the ditch while he drove his tractor on the road. He claimed he never saw her. When Brandy dragged herself back to her home, she had to be rushed to the hospital where she took a week to recover. Except, the Pa and Brandy relationship never recovered.
	Brandy began escorting me to the truck, picking up the freshly dented, yet still intact lunch pail, handing it to me. She did all this while continuing to talk, “Pinball and I have what is called a profit sharing arrangement. He knows the numbers, and has agreed to the percentage.” She turned directly to Pa and glowered. “If we do well, Pinball does well.” She flashed a sparkling smile. “If we do very well. Pinball does very well!” Then she fired daggers at Eddy and Shirley. “But whatever Pinball receives; it’ll be more than what your lazy ass oldest two losers bring in!” Brandy then focused in on Shirley. “This ends here.” 
	Shirley shook the wrench at Brandy. “Not a chance.” Shirley swung that wrench a couple of times with surprising velocity, demonstrating the potential damage she could inflict. “You’re a loser who can’t even get a boyfriend.” She swung the wrench one more time and laughed. “And a stupid fucking girl who can’t lead nothing.” Shirley threw the wrench at Brandy, missing her by three feet. “But when I catch you alone, you’re dead.”    
	Brandy scrunched her nose again, taking her time to respond. Then the widest smile filled her face as if she sat in the catbird’s seat. “If you seek revenge. Your secret will no longer be a secret.”  

	“How did Mom like the gift we got her?” asked Will as he and I returned very late from Yorkton on Sunday. It was our second day at the farmer’s market on that memorable Mother’s Day 1975.
	Brandy cleaned up in the greenhouse as she replied, “Mom complained, said we should’ve got her Wilf Carter. But she’s played the new records all day.”   
	Will sighed in disgust, “Can’t get her anymore Wilf Carter. She’s got all his records.”
	“Anyway, how’d it go?” Brandy inquired.
	I inhaled the earthy smell resinating from the greenhouse which I’d grown to love, handing her the cashbox. “You’ll see! How did you do?”
	She shook her larger cash box. “We’ll see Pinball!”
	Buddy burst into the greenhouse, slapping bills in Brandy’s hand. “Our first sale of…”
	Brandy counted the cash faster than any teller at a bank, looking up with a dead serious look. “Exactly two.” She let fly with that magic smile. “Exactly two thousand dollars!”  

	“Oh my God!” Brandy shouted as she sat at the kitchen table adding up all the cash after school on the Monday after that action packed Mother’s Day weekend. She had a  bouquet of colourful snap dragons positioned in front of her. Those flowers were her favourite, always bringing her good luck. She rubbed some of the bills in her hands. “Isn’t it exciting?” 
	“Give it to me,” commanded Aunt Molly. 
	“We gave you the complete Johnny Cash record collection for Mother’s Day which you’ve always wanted. But, as far as this.” Brandy touched the two cash boxes, shaking her head. “The days of this family pissing money away foolishly, suffering for it after, are over!” 
	“I want all new curtains for the house,” demanded Aunt Molly. “Those rainbow coloured ones.”
	Buddy sniggered, “Not more of your ugly fucking decorating.”
	Smack! Aunt Molly hammered her fist on the table. “Gord, tell this brat to give me the money.”
	Uncle Gord shrugged. “Ah, Brandy, listen to your mother.”
	“You don’t know how to manage money.” Aunt Molly folded her hands in front of her. “Stupid girl!”
	“Brandy’s taken three years of accounting at school, and is school treasurer,” I defended.
	“Hand it over, or get the hell out Brandy,” Aunt Molly threatened. 
	An iron willed Brandy shook her head. Suddenly, in a show of defiance, Will, Buddy and myself positioned ourselves directly behind Brandy. Usually, screaming arguments would break out at this table. Except this time, the air was different, the air was dead serious. For once, silence smothered the room. A clock clicked in the background while this showdown unfolded.  
	“Then all of you, get out and never come back.” Aunt Molly stood, shaking her fist with her body trembling and her face as red as an angry beet, always wanting to have her own way. 
	Brandy turned slowly to her Dad. “Do you want us to leave?”
	Uncle Gord swallowed hard, looking at his wife. 
	Brandy continued, “Cause if we walk out that door, and believe me, I want to, you two are on your own. What’s it gonna be?”
	“If you leave, don’t ever come back,” Aunt Molly said with a slight quiver in her tone.
	A lump formed in Uncle Gord’s throat. He shook his head and softly spoke, “Stay!”
	“Gord, you weak bastard!” Aunt Molly took a step towards the group. “I’ll just take the money when you aren’t in your room.” She snorted. “Or I’ll make your father get access to your bank account.”
	We all enjoyed a laugh. Brandy rose. “Here’s how it is going to be. We have a heavy safe bolted to the floor in my room.”
	“What do you mean safe?” Aunt Molly asked.
	Brandy pointed at herself and said, “A safe that only I can open. Every cent of ours will be there, no banks. We’re a cash only business, a cash only family.”
	Aunt Molly waved her hand dismissively. “I’ll get in your stupid safe.”   
	“Not a chance Mom,” Brandy said. “I’m the only one who knows the combination. We’ll give you money for food, spending and for your silly purchases. We’ll pay our way. But I control the money from now on. And we’ll manage that money properly.”
	Crash! Aunt Molly knocked a glass on the floor. “Who do you think you are?” 
	Brandy looked directly into Aunt Molly’s eyes. “We’re your children who love you. And along with our very special cousin Pinball, actually all care about you and Dad.”
	“You’re all spoilt brats,” cried Aunt Molly. 
	“No, well, I don’t give a shit about you.” Aunt Molly flopped down in her chair, letting out a long sigh, pulling on a pouting face. “I like Shirley better.”



FIVE


	A particularly warm day in late May 1975 as Will and I transferred a variety of plants from the greenhouse to the truck, preparing for a run into Regina, hitting the largest farmer’s market in the province. This was both of our first trips to the province of Saskatchewan’s capital city. We were excited about our adventure.    
	Suddenly, Eddy revved his beat up old orange Firebird’s engine across the driveway, staying on Pa’s side of the imaginary dividing line between the two farmyards. 
	“Damn Goose Meat!” Will complained. “Another dust storm.” Eddy was notorious for driving exceedingly fast, spinning his tires, laying endless donuts on the driveway which was loaded with gravel, letting small pebbles and stones fly in all directions. As long as he performed his juvenile stunts on Pa’s side, only the noise was irritating.  
	“That fool’s getting close to us,” I shouted. Eddy swung his car recklessly over onto Uncle Gord’s side of the driveway, heading fast toward us, and the truck sitting dangerously close to the greenhouse.
	“He’s showing off his hillbilly spoiler,” Will yelled. 
	Desperately, Eddy wanted a spoiler on his car. So, he constructed a lopsided wooden contraption in the shape of a spoiler, painting the flimsy thing in a zebra pattern, bolting the rattling slab of lumber to his dented car. Pride spread through Eddy as he bragged of purchasing a patent on the ridiculous eyesore. Add this spoiler to his growing list of reason the ladies were avoiding the man more and more. 
	“Ay, boys!  Bit of a sandstorm coming through.” Eddy laughed and executed a number of donuts, sending us scurrying for cover behind our truck.  
	Crash! Smash! Eddy’s stunt broke two greenhouse windows.

	“We’re hosting the Foam Lake grad party,” Brandy declared in early June of 1975 as the four of us sat round the greenhouse. “I’m graduating, and we have a fantastic spot here at the beach to host a great party, right after the grad dance ends.” She beamed. “Isn’t it exciting?” 
	“Gees, don’t want a bunch of kids running around,” said Will. “Like babysitting.”
	Brandy sipped on her Pepsi. “Yeah, but each one of their parents will drive out to the lake to drop them off and pick them up. They’ll be right beside the greenhouse, ripe for you guys to sell to.”   
	I added one other point, “And you know, kids from all grades come to that grad party. Why don’t we sell stuff like pop, chips and candy bars?” This profit sharing deal I had with Brandy had my mind working overtime. For when I mentioned my cut to Pa and my siblings after the Mother’s Day weekend; their greedy jaws dropped. Of course, they demanded I hand it over, but I had it tucked away in a personal bank account. 
	Will scratched his nose which had been broken in numerous fights over the years. “But we got Hilda’s shack at the beach that sells all that junk.”
	“But her confectionary is usually closed!” I explained. “And her prices are ridiculous.”
	Buddy stretched and yawned. “And she’s such a bitch!”
	“Pinball, you’re onto something,” Brandy’s eyes lit up. “We’re setting up a permanent confectionary, right here at the front of the greenhouse?” 

	Brandy’s Graduation Day in late June 1975 was memorable on many fronts. She purchased herself an elegant white eyelet with pink laced grad gown. The classy gown suited her to a tee, not as expensive as Gabriela’s, but it was much more breathtaking, much more striking, much more stunning. When the glowing Brandy descended the staircase gracefully at her home, all of us sitting at the table gasped, letting out oohs and awes. We admired the goddess like beauty now before us, admiring her poise and radiance, admiring the girl who had turned into an enchanting lady right before our eyes. 
	Later that evening at the grad dance held at the colourfully decorated Foam Lake school gym, the newly crowned prom Queen, Gabriela Lafarge, carried her head high. The dark haired girl modelled her top of the line dress for all, basking in the attention. Then she announced the commencement of her royal court, “People, gather round. But don’t crowd the queen.”      
	For the next half hour, Gabriela presided over her grad court. The coolest of the cool surrounded her, hanging on her every word, hanging on her every put down. Gabriela wished all well in whatever trivial careers they pursued, inviting them to come visit her in Hollywood, but to call first. 
	Ironically, Gabriela would not be able to officially graduate as she failed her twelfth grade math. Except, the school principal allowed her to participate in the graduation ceremony and become prom Queen which was Gabriela’s greatest desire.   
	The heavenly night unfolded splendidly for the star of the show, Gabriela, until one of the drunk grads spilt a colourful drink on that                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 expensive dress, sending her into a panic rage. Smack! She slapped his face. Thud! She kicked the inebriated fellow, screaming and throwing a temper tantrum, putting a real damper on the dance. Finally, Gabriela stormed to the bathroom in tears.
	I volunteered to work the first hour of the grad dance, collecting tickets at the front door. Aggressively, I promoted our beach grad party that would follow this stuffy grad dance. Also, I promoted our newly opened confectionary, giving away a few freebees to encourage traffic. I invited everyone to what I called, ‘The Rocking Bash at the Beach’. From a business perspective, I wanted this grad dance to end soon, and everyone flock to our after grad beach party.
	I slipped up to Brandy and whispered, “She won’t be able to take that one back.” Gabriela was the queen of the returns. Meaning she would purchase high end clothes from catalogues and stores, wear the attire once, returning the garment immediately after. It then appeared to the community she owned an expensive endless wardrobe.  
	“Look, they’re leaving all ready.” Brandy chuckled. “Confectionary cash will be rolling in sooner than we thought.” She rubbed her palms together. “Isn’t it exciting?” 

	Success breeds success, it was like a snowball. That happened to us. As well, once we had some success others wanted a piece of the action.
	“Brandy, sell my fresh cut flowers,” Aunt Molly demanded in early July 1975 as Brandy and I put away supplies in our new confectionary. 
	“But Mom, I thought you wanted nothing to do with the greenhouse?”
	Aunt Molly gesticulated. “Just do it and shut up.” 
	Brandy gazed at her for a long moment. “Okay, but, only if you stop planning those little sabotage acts with Shirley and Eddy.”
	“How did you know?” Aunt Molly blurted out. She blushed, covering her uncontrollable mouth, shaking her head. “I mean, I, I didn’t do it.”
	“I know you did.” Brandy pointed her finger at her Mom. “Letting them know that we left those hundred geraniums outside while we were all away, so Eddy could do his dirty work. No more!” Brandy wagged her finger. “We shouldn’t have to have everything locked up.”   
	“Not me, not me.” Aunt Molly’s breath quickened. “Don’t be stupid Brandy.” She looked over at me. “Umm, I bet Pinball did it!”
	“Please stop lying Aunt Molly!” I said with surprising strength in my voice. “Cause I heard you with my own ears, laughing with Eddy and Shirley about trashing those plants! And I know you’re the one that encouraged Eddy to spin his tires.” I pointed at the boarded up greenhouse windows that had been broken. “Resulting in that.”

	Smack! A palm struck the counter in the greenhouse on a hot afternoon in early August 1975. “This will stop!”  
	Brandy and I looked up in shock.  The confectionary and greenhouse combination had been a real success. Kids streamed from the beach to take advantage of our better prices, excellent customer service, and play the pinball machine we had installed. That machine that I, and many others took numerous enjoyable turns on. Naturally, the instant popularity of our confectionary angered Hilda Warden, the owner of the established Leslie Beach Confectionary.
	One other major factor for our success was that Brandy’s halter top and short cut off jeans, which highlighted her smoking hot tanned body, drew every teenage boy for miles. Also, when the roguish Buddy worked around the greenhouse with his shirt off, the teenage girls, certain elderly ladies and Brandy’s friend Kelly flocked in for a peek at his big bronzed muscles. The dreary and downcast Hilda struggled to compete with those types of physical attractions.  
	The tall Hilda Warden glared at Brandy. “I’m warning you. Shut down now, and I’ll let it go. Otherwise…”
	Brandy stood up tall, levelling the lady a pirate smile, “There’s lots of room for both of us. And besides, you sell way more products then we do. You’re closer to the beach. Can’t see why folks would come here?”
	“Listen you little witch,” Hilda threatened as she towered over Brandy. Hilda supported a hook nose, pitch black hair and pale ghost like complexion. Most notably, she was known for her fiery temper and nasty disposition which was one of the reasons she scared the kids away from her place.  I could see a Hilda explosion was about to occur as she shouted, “I’ll have your licence taken away.” Whack! Whack! Violently, Hilda hammered on the counter twice, knocking a candy bar display to the floor.    
	I knew this question was coming one day, and I had my answer researched and prepared. I knew Brandy could handle herself. Especially after witnessing the withering strip down she gave Aunt Molly for encouraging sabotage of her own children’s business. For the first time in my life I heard Aunt Molly break into tears and apologize.  
	However, with Hilda Warden I figured a different tact was warranted, so I let fly with my rehearsed speech, “Under Saskatchewan Municipal Law, the owner of a small business located on agricultural land does not require a business licence or permit, providing first, the said business is owned and operated by the same parties which reside on the agricultural land where the business is operated from. And second, providing the said business is remotely connected to the agricultural sector.” 
	Hilda’s lips moved to interrupt. I held my hand up to stop her as I continued, “And if you look around at what we sell, it is either some sort of food or beverage.” I pointed to the chip rack and soda machine. “Or plants and flowers!” I then pointed at the rows of plants. “Ask any lawyer.” I hoped she stayed away from seeking legal advice as I made up some of this bullshit speech. Also, I realized right there and then, I wanted to be a lawyer.  
	A glazed eyed Hilda fumed, balling up her fists, attempting to speak except nothing came out.
	Brandy brushed her hands together. “Anything else, or would you like to purchase something related to the agricultural sector?” With her cheeky grin she passed Hilda a bottle. “Here, have a free ice-cold Pepsi to cool you down.” 

	On a pleasant day in early September 1975, Brandy and I cleaned up the greenhouse, preparing it for next season. We were still running the confectionary. Although, business was tapering off. 
	We enjoyed an amazing spring and summer. All revenue streams produced extremely well, except all revenue streams would go dormant other than the weed. Buddy and I built a small weed shack in the hidden ravine, and a small quiet gas generator was purchased to keep some of those plants delivering through the cold winter. Also, a used snowmobile was purchased, for Buddy and I to travel back and forth to that shack.    
	“Bought an ice fishing hut,” Buddy announced as he rushed into the greenhouse. 
	“Where did you get the money for that?” Brandy challenged for she kept tight control on the cash.  
	A red faced Buddy shuffled his feet while the moments passed. 
	“Buddy, where did you get the cash?” Brandy asked again. 
	Buddy exhaled a long breath, wilting under her withering stare. “Umm.” He peered around the room for help. “Ahem, I took it out of the cashbox a half hour ago, when you, well, ah, weren’t looking.” 
	Brandy flipped open the cashbox, executing a quick count, for she would know exactly how much was taken in a minute. She looked up, glared at Buddy and fumed. “But I told you never to do that.”
	“Yeah but Brandy, the guy sold it cheap.”
	She gripped her cash box tightly. “I know what you paid. And why? You never fish.”
	.“Ah, well, I thought maybe, we might rent it to guys who want to fish.”
	Brandy sighed with exhaustion. “Buddy, we have a long winter ahead. We have to make our money last.”
	The four of us engaged in a long discussion last week concerning making money during the never ending prairie winter. Brandy prepared a budget taking into account expenses to run the household, expenses to setup the greenhouse and confectionary for next year, and then finally, she determined how much remained to invest.
	“Hang on,” I said. “You know, more guys are wanting to icefish these days. Renting out fishing huts may not be a bad idea. We could even have them pay more if we set it up for them on the lake.”
	Buddy performed his little dance of excitement. “Yeah, Yeah Pinball, I could use the truck to haul it down there.”    
	Brandy assumed that dollar look. “Buddy, can you buy another one?”
	“You bet!” Buddy pumped his fist.
	“Okay, do it!” Brandy ordered. “Will’s idea to cut Christmas trees in December will really help. But things will be super tight this winter. Thankfully, we still have enough to buy that snow removal equipment to bring us in added cash, and that tractor that’ll put a smile on Dad’s face.”

	Early December of 1975 and the truck overflowed with Christmas trees as Buddy and Will were making another run into Foam Lake. Demand for the special trees surprised us, not being able to cut enough. Of course, Brandy decorated their home festively with a monster tree which Aunt Molly complained about constantly. Except, when I stepped in that house, between the aroma of Aunt Molly’s cooking and the wonderful Christmas atmosphere Brandy created, a warm cheerful feeling enveloped me.      
	Pa and Eddy joined us as we were attempting to secure the load. However, we struggled getting the balance quite right. In our eagerness, we piled the Christmas trees much to high, overloading the truck.
	“Give me a big bloody tree,” demanded Pa.
	Will grinned petulantly. “Pay up!”
	“Go to hell!” Pa spat his tobacco juice in Will’s direction. “Eddy take that big one.” Pa pointed at a huge twelve foot spruce tree.
	“That’s for Uncle Mike,” Buddy informed all as he stood on the top of the load. “She’s a beauty.”
	I stepped up between Will and Eddy to avoid the two cousins ripping into each other. “Ah Pa, I’ll go cut us a big one.” 
	“Piss off Pinball!” Pa grabbed the base of the gigantic tree. “I don’t give a shit if its for that jerk. I want it! Eddy help!” 
	My older brother finished fixing his hair just so, shoving me aside. He attempted to step up. Except, Will made sure he stood directly in front of him. Thud! Eddy kneed Will squarely in the balls, dropping him to the ground. Eddy took one stride towards me. Boom! He punched me solidly in the nose. 
	“Ay Pinball, that’s just in case you ever think about going against your big brother.” Eddy grasped the tree, beginning to pull. I helped Will to the side, for I could see the situation unfolding. So did Buddy as he leaped clear from the top of the load. That entire lopsided load gave way, burying Eddy and Pa in a heap of Christmas spirit with one particularly giving and sturdy tree branch nailing Eddy solidly in the Christmas balls.   



SIX


	“I’m calling the cops,” a wheezing voice sounded behind us.
	Buddy and I were checking on the marijuana plants in the ravine on January 1, 1976. The gas generator puffed away as the speaker caught us flatfooted. We were pruning the weed plants. They were outgrowing our weed shack which had plenty of windows to let in needed daylight. Buddy and I turned slowly, looking out the open door to see the speaker. We realized a five foot native fellow missing a couple of teeth held a rifle in his hands. We both stood speechless, fearing it was our last moments.
	The short overweight man, who must have been in his early forties, stepped closer, crunching snow echoing under his tattered boots. “Cat got your tongues?” 
	We both eased out of the weed shack. “Ah, I…” Buddy began to explain, no additional words flowed. A long moment passed, the only sound was the drip, drip, drip of the melting icicles off the shack roof. Every time I looked at this weed shack adorned in icicles, I thought of how we were serving up our Canadian cannabis on ice.      
	I raised my hand in a forced greeting. “Happy New Year!” My breath quickened. I rubbed my snow blinded eyes, struggling to think of what to say to a high strung man holding a gun on us. “We, we came upon this tiny shack, and checked to see if anyone needed our help.”
	“Bullshit!” The man laughed, wearing a Saskatchewan Rough Riders cap which was the popular Canadian Football League team that played out of Regina. “Good try kid. Got smokes?”
	I shook my head. “Look Mister, we‘ll just leave.”
	“Nobody's going anywhere!” He flicked his rifle barrel at us. “ Name’s Louie Desjardins. What’s yours?”
	I looked at Buddy, shrugged my shoulders, “I’m Pinball, my cousin here is Buddy.”
	“You’re part of that Babchuk group.” He cocked his gun. “My band  wants to kill that Eddy.”

	The next day Brandy and I strode down Main Street in Foam Lake, heading for the Post Office. We were mailing the money to place another fishing hut ad in the newspapers in the two largest cities in the province, Regina and Saskatoon. For the response to our first ad shocked us. Both fishing huts were heavily booked. We figured one more ad and we would sell out for the remainder of the winter. 
	We incurred only one mishap as far as those portable fishing huts. One particularly warm day, Buddy, Will and I walked on the ice heading toward the largest of our wooden huts. Crack! The ice quivered. Crack! Crack! Two more nerve shattering noises. Plop! First, Buddy dropped in the cold water. Plop! Will followed his brother as a small thin sheet of ice gave way under their weight. Luckily, I followed a number of steps behind the two and carried a long pole. I felt like a fishermen, reeling in the two Babchuk boys, both fighting me like a couple of largemouth bass.     
	The other business line, which turned out to be successful, was the snow removal. Will and Buddy acquired numerous jobs with the tractor and attached snowplough.  Many year round residents at Fishing Lake welcomed the snow removal service with open arms.  
	Then of course, the hidden weed shack produced a sizeable stream of cash to ensure the holiday season was special. Also, this year we were way ahead on the greenhouse operation, seedling trays in place, and with some re-organization on Brandy’s part, we were able to double the number of legal plants for this year. 
	The town of Foam Lake began to take notice of the growing Babchuk ventures. Uncle Mike and Uncle Gord continued to fuel the flames of success during coffee time or bar visits.  Of course, they raved about the business savvy Brandy who had also began attending night classes at the University of Regina back in the fall. Twice a week, she made the two hour trip to attend her business classes, driving through rain, snow or whatever, determined to learn and grow, to spite Aunt Molly’s strong objections.
	“Carnival Queen Brandy and Pinball the bookworm,” Cindy Kowalski yelled sarcastically from across the street. She hung with a group of girls and her and Brandy’s friend Kelly Alberts. One thing about Cindy, she ridiculed and mocked everyone equally. 
	“Hi all!” Brandy said with a genuine warmth in her voice, gracing them with a warm wave.
	The group raced across the street with a mischievous gleam in their eyes. Kelly, who wore perfectly styled red hair today matching Cindy’s, levelled a smug sneer and said in his mocking tone. “Hi guys, very sophisticated.” For Brandy wore her knee length blue fox fur coat. 
	Before Brandy and I knew what happened, Kelly tackled me into the snow, ensuring I was unable to assist my cousin. The so called girlfriends grabbed Brandy, carrying her to a nearby garbage can, stuffing her inside, luckily feet first.  
	Laughter flowed from the group with parting shots from the loudmouth Cindy, “Don’t be wearing a winter coat that nice around here.” They threw snowballs at Brandy’s face as she struggled helplessly to escape. Cindy cackled and carried on, “And don’t be thinking your some sort of big shot business lady.” 
	“Cause sweetheart, we’re here to put you in your place,” Kelly screeched with his high pitched voice filling the street. 
	Cindy, the high school dropout, who hated anyone who attempted to make something of themselves, fired one more snowball, hitting Brandy directly in the face. “Cause your place is in the garbage!”

	“I’m part of this, or I squeal!” Louie Desjardins threatened while sitting around the greenhouse with my trio of cousins and myself, one week after he confronted us at the weed shack on that New Year's Day. I talked him into meeting all of us to sort things out.
	Brandy sized up the man. “Hear Eddy’s on your hit list?”
	“Hate that guy!” replied Louie, whipping off his Saskatchewan Roughrider cap, slapping it against his knee. “First, he hunts on our land. Second, he siphons gas from our cars.” 
	Brandy rubbed her temples. “I hope that isn’t why our gas tanks seem to be mysteriously evaporating.” 
	Smack! Will struck the counter. “Damn goose meat!” 
	“Bet its him!” Louie said. “But the third and worst thing that jerk does that’ll get his balls cut off, he’s treating some of our young girls in the band rough. Real rough!” He jumped to his feet. Clang! He kicked a nearby metal ladder. “We’ll get him.”
	Will adjusted himself on his chair, nostrils flaring. “We both need  to fix that Eddy.”
	Brandy snatched up a couple of Pepsis from a nearby case. “That’s for another day!” She crossed her legs in a ladylike manner, taking on a serious tone, “So what do you really want from us Louie?”
	The long haired Louie stuck out his chest. “I want a job?”     
	Brandy passed him a Pepsi. “Are you a hard worker?”
	Louie nodded his head. He greedily guzzled the Pepsi, draining the bottle. 
	“We can’t afford a salary,” she said, handing the other Pepsi to the man.
	“Thanks, want cash.” Louie grasped the bottle eagerly, enjoying a long drink as if he could not get enough of that sugar high to feed his few remaining rotting teeth.
	“We just don’t have the cash,” said Brandy.
	Louie began to fume and pace. “Then I’m going…”
	“Hang on.” She held up her hands to settle the man down. “I’ll offer a profit sharing arrangement starting immediately. But only if you work hard.”
	“No, no, I  want cash!” Louie demanded.
	Brandy shook her head and smiled. “Plus a credit in our confectionary for Pepsi.” 
	Louie’s eyes lit up. He hesitated, but then he shook his head. “No!”
	Brandy grabbed a brand new green and white Saskatchewan Roughrider jersey from under the counter, passing it to Louie. “It’s yours.” His face lit up with excitement. She leaned forward, sticking her hand out, waiting for the handshake to finalize the deal. “Plus, a little weed for your personal use.” 

	In late March of 1976, the proud holder of a new drivers licence, my sister Darcy weaved down the driveway while Buddy walked along that narrow road. She sped on by, missing him by a couple of inches. When she hopped out of the car, she enjoyed a hardy chuckle, calling back, “Ay, I almost bagged a clown!”.
	“Crazy Pond Pumper!” Buddy yelled. “Watch where you're going!”
	“Go to hell loser!” Darcy flipped him the bird.
	I saw the incident and yelled from the porch. “Better slow down Sis.”
	“Go join him in hell Pinball!” She picked up a couple stones, throwing one at me and one at Buddy, missing both of us.
	“I know there’s a lady somewhere under that leather,” I jeered. 
	Buddy chuckled at my comment, continuing to walk, carrying a toolbox, for he had been off fixing a neighbours vehicle. “You could’ve killed me.”
	Darcy took a few purposeful strides towards Buddy. “I wish I had!” She poked him in the chest. “Ay, stay away from me creep!” Smack! She slapped his face. 
	Buddy smiled. “How much did you make today?” For both Buddy and I knew she was charging some of the boys in Foam Lake for sex. She flashed a lot more disposable cash these days. In fact, I was suspicious she had a guy pimping for her.  
	Thud! Darcy kicked Buddy in the shin, storming to the front door. “Ay, thanks for the gas loser!” 
	“So, you’ve been stealing our gas,” said Buddy. “Slut! Whatever you charge, it’s too much!”
	Darcy shook with rage at that comment, heading for the house and screaming, “Ay, you’re a dead man when I tell Snake!”

	In early April of 1976 we received a welcomed visit from Brandy’s and my favourite Aunt Maria from Toronto. A fun, classy lady who taught Brandy so much about fashion, style and what an exciting world lay out there waiting for her in the big city. I observed that this visit started Brandy thinking hard about what she was doing here stuck at home in this small rural community. However, she knew her families plight was still uncertain. 
	Brandy and I sat around the kitchen table putting the final touches on Uncle Gord’s taxes while Aunt Maria drained her glass. One thing about this aunt, she held a glass of something clear in her hand much of the time, and it was never water.
	“No taxes to pay this year,” Brandy said as she folded the signed forms, stuffing them in a large envelope. “Isn’t it great?” Brandy’s cash system worked famously, limited income to claim, plenty of expenses to be written off, even though we were renting the land. 
	The renting discussion arose with Uncle Gord again this year. However, we were shocked when he quickly agreed to renting the two quarters of land for a second year. Even though, he owned a tractor and the boys could have farmed. It was as if he was satisfied knowing there was a tractor; they could farm if they wanted, but they had other options. Besides he witnessed how much the tractor was used for other purposes, seldom sitting idle. 
	“Has my brother ever paid taxes?” Aunt Maria asked.
	Brandy grinned. “Not since I’ve been doing them.”  
	Aunt Maria slurred a bit as she said, “You do know Brandy, your father doesn’t really own these two quarters of land.”



SEVEN


	“We’ll put a cafe next to the greenhouse,” Brandy announced at the dinner table one week after Aunt Maria returned to Toronto. “Isn’t it exciting?” Aunt Molly and Uncle Gord’s mouths dropped on hearing the plans. 
	“You’re expanding too quick,” Uncle Gord said. 
	“I want to get out of here one day,” responded Brandy. The determination to succeed and leave the farm rippled through her. 
	Aunt Molly began refilling her plate. “Me too, I hate this farm, I want to move to Foam Lake!”
	“Moo!” Buddy imitated a cow. “Maybe if you did more than eat around here. You might be happier.” 
	Aunt Molly scowled. “Be quiet!”
	“And how much time do you waste gossiping and slurping coffee with Shirley now?” Buddy asked. “All you two cows talk about is how great Foam Lake is.” 
	Thud! Aunt Molly let fly with a kick under the table. “Shut your mouth Buddy! Can’t wait to get out of this hell.”
	Brandy sighed as she looked longingly out the window. “But for now, let’s make cash.”
	Buddy roared, “Yeah baby!”
	Brandy’s voice grew in its intensity.  “Plus we also want to utilize those 20 acres of bush we own next to our farmyard? We can put campsites in the bush, and two softball diamonds in that beautiful cleared area. I got an idea on the softball front.”
	“Never pay,” Uncle Gord said. “Where are you getting the money for all this anyway?”
	Brandy assumed a satisfied smile. “Our winter operations worked out rather well.” All of us kids shared knowing glances. I thought how that weed shack proved to be much more lucrative than expected, putting us in good shape for some rapid expansion.
	Buddy produced a tractor sound. “Got a grader blade for the tractor ready to push bush.” 
	“Louie and his brother are going to help,” added Brandy. “Those boys can really work.” Louie worked out so well, Brandy decided to take a chance on his brother.  
	“Lazy damn Indians,” Aunt Molly swore. “Shouldn’t be here. Probably stealing stuff.”
	Buddy elbowed his Mom. “Shut the fuck up! Those guys work their ass off.” He chuckled. “That way I do less.”
	“No way!” Uncle Gord stated. “Won’t allow that bush to be touched!”
	“Sorry.” Brandy reached over and took her Dad’s hand. “It is going to happen. The more people we bring here, the better our cafe, confectionary and greenhouse do.”
	“And from what we can tell,” I added. “A cafe will do very well.”
	Buddy inhaled his food. “Have you eaten that crap at the Golf Course?” That was the only place to purchase hot food at Fishing Lake, and greasy, unhealthy and tasteless were the main comments.   
	“That so called food is awful,” admitted Uncle Gord. 
	“And today, Brandy and I got a building we’ll move here,” Will said as he grinned. “It's the old cafe in Margo and got it for nothing, just gotta pay the costs of moving it.”
	“Gonna allow smoking?” Buddy inquired in a cheeky  tone. For Brandy hated the nicotine habit ever since she skipped school one afternoon in eighth grade. Her and a couple of girlfriends slithered to a dingy basement, lighting up, choking away, smelling up their clothes, watching boring soap operas. On top of that, a couple of mothers joined them. The poor behaviour modelling mothers doing exactly the same. Right there and then, Brandy frowned at the puffing act, never touching one since.   
	“Smoking in restaurants is still legal in Saskatchewan,” Brandy answered. “But it’s not happening in our place. Especially, if we serve the quality of food we hope to.”
	Of course, Brandy and I checked land titles to ensure the property was in Uncle Gord’s name before we invested in a building. Clearly, he owned both quarters of land. We wanted to verify that fact after Aunt Maria’s statement. However, Aunt Maria claimed before she left, she was quite unsure, and it meant nothing to her, and that she drank too much causing confusion in her mind and mouth.  
	Here came the part that I dreaded, for we rehearsed this script. Brandy turned to her Mom and asked in the sweetest voice, “Would you consider making the perogies and cabbage rolls for the cafe? That’s all. We’ll handle the rest.” 
	“Aunt Molly, yours are truly the best,” I chimed in. “The very best!”
	“Of course Mom, we’ll pay you,” Brandy said. “Perogies and cabbage rolls will be our specialty. And it’s amazing with you being Scottish, how you learned to make the best Ukrainian food in the province!”
	A long silence unfolded as I braced myself for the coming war. Aunt Molly breathed hard, glaring at her daughter. I figured that anger ran deep after their last battle. “I’d loved to,” Aunt Molly said. “I’ll have my very own money to buy more Royal Albert Old Country Roses.”

	Two days later I ate lunch with Pa and Eddy in our house observing Buddy  and the team clearing bush, transforming the area into a park like setting for campsites. What amazed me about Brandy, when the decision was reached, and the project launched, all action, little room for unnecessary discussion.
	“What kind of stupid idea now?” grumbled Pa as he spat his black tobacco drool in the tin can.    
	Eddy swore as he scratched his balls, “Fucking fools, they never think nothing through over their, run around like stupid ants.” He yawned as he just rolled out of bed at noon. “Bastards woke me up.”
	“Scaring my geese,” Pa said. “I ought to sue the scum.” That was Pa’s answer to most things. 
	Suddenly, a large semi truck pulled up, air breaks sounding.  Eddy’s eye’s leaped out of his head. “What the fuck?”
	“Pinball, what the hell are they doing?” Pa asked as he rubbed his chin stubble.
	I swallowed my last bite, for I needed to get out there to help. “It's our cafe, well half of it. The other half comes tomorrow.”
	“Not a fucking cafe,” Eddy swore. “Stupid clowns!”     
	“Bloody kids, don’t know what you’re doing,” Pa rolled a cigarette. “Not letting all those cars through the driveway we share.”
	“Won’t matter,” I said with a smile. “We’re building a separate access road on Uncle Gord’s land, so they won’t have to come this way.” 
	“Shit!” Pa grunted. “Was thinking of charging a toll.”
	Eddy grabbed the lottery tickets off the table. “Did we win?”
	Pa shook his head in disgust. “Got no luck!” 
	“Ay Pa, someday when I’m driving the circuit, making big money, we’ll show Uncle Gord and his family.”
	Pa pointed an accusatory finger at me. “And Pinball, you’re wasting your time over there. I bloody well don’t like it.”
	I sat up straight in my chair. “I do my chores here at home. I keep an A plus average at school, and I’m putting money away for university with what I earn with Brandy.”
	Eddy howled with laughter. “University is for losers. So uncool!”
	“That’s right Pinball,” agreed Pa. “You’d be better to give that money to me and Eddy, let us put it to good use.” They both chuckled that lazy man’s laugh.
	“Ay Pinball, what’s it like working with a bunch of Indians?” Eddy asked with his tone of superiority.
	“Great guys,” I defended, “and hard workers.”         
	Bang! Eddy hit the table. “Don’t like ‘em being this close to me.” He peeked out the window. “Sometimes I think they’re the jerks who stole that snowmobile I stole.”   
	“I can assure you,” I responded. “It wasn’t them.”  For I knew that Shirley and her Ice Maker boyfriend were a bit short on cash, selling it for a song in Yorkton. 
	He grabbed some tobacco and shoved it in his mouth. “Damn Indians might have took it cause they hate me.” He shivered. “They look at me like they want to kill me”
	I leaned back, putting my hands behind my head, enjoying a knowing grin. “They certainly do.” 
	Sweat broke out on Eddy’s face as he choked on his tobacco.  
	“And Pa, you’ve always had a dream of raising elk or moose,” I said.
	“Damn right, Pinball! I’ll make it big.”
	“I talked to Brandy, and we want to serve something unique in our cafe. We’d like to go with buffalo burgers.”
	Eddy finished coughing, switching to a pained chuckle. “Never sell, that’s Indian food.”
	“Louie gave us a sample,” I rubbed my stomach. “Excellent taste!”
	Pa joined in Eddy’s chuckle. “My Niece knows nothing about business. Buffalo burgers is crazy talk.”    
	“Anyway, crazy or not,” I continued. “This is your chance to have a buyer. You could start with buffalo, cafe would buy the meat from you.” My voice grew more excited. “And to get you started I can fund the purchase of your first few head of buffalo.”
	Pa shook his head as he poured a drink of whisky.
	“But this could be the start of your dream,” I pleaded. “We have the perfect opportunity. Its right there for you. Maybe we’d look at moose or elk next.”
	“No, Pinball.” Pa enjoyed a long drink of whiskey. “When you’re as experienced as me, you know when the time is right.”
	I attempted one more time. “But seriously, this could be the start of something big.”
	Pa grabbed the lottery ticket. “Winning this would be big.” He stared out the window. “And I’d rather starve than sell the fruit of my labour to that cripple brother of mine.”    

	“Oh you kids have quite an operation here,” Brandy’s Grandmother, who was Aunt Molly’s mother, stated as she eyed the greenhouse, cafe, confectionary and all the changes which had taken place since her last visit. It was Mother’s Day in 1976. She wanted to see if what they were saying in town was true. Were her grandchildren making something of themselves? 
	She lived in Foam Lake and seldom ventured out to Fishing Lake. Let’s just say, she hated her son-in-law, Uncle Gord, so her visits were rare. She wore her customary Scottish kilt, and she provided a ton of entertainment for all us kids. The most hilarious occurred when she strode into the garden to help Aunt Molly, wearing that plaid kilt with no panties underneath. Therefore, when she had to go, she squatted and did her business. The first time we stared in wide-eyed horror. The second and third time, we split a gut.
	The only occasion I saw Brandy ignore something in regard to her precious cashbox was late in the evening of Mother’s Day. When her cheerless Grandma sidled up to the bulging cashbox after an amazing day of transactions, slipping a twenty dollar bill out as slick as any professional thief. 
	Unconsciously, Brandy broke a pencil she was holding. We shared a knowing glance. Except, when her Grandma went to slip another, Brandy drew the line. “Ah Grandma, I hope you enjoyed the Mother’s Day present we got you, plus that crisp twenty dollar bill in your pocket.”    

	Late May 1976 and our cafe rocked as the softball players hung out after another set of games. The cafe buzzed with the oohs and awes as folks dove into the delicious food. Aunt Molly began to take pride in her contribution to our enterprise. Brandy’s healthy baking, especially her cookies and pumpkin pie were major hits. The rest of the orders were handled by a cook. 
	Yes, 	Brandy and I begged my sister Shirley to come and cook for us, for she watched that cafe take shape every day with total absorption. As with Pa, there was no way Shirley would agree. So, we found someone else, and that person was Uncle Mike.  He was a natural, attempting to make everything a bit healthier, receiving no objection from Brandy.
	The athletic Brandy played softball when she went to high school, an amazing pitcher with accuracy and velocity, damaging the granary door with her years of practice. Except this year, she was too busy to play. Although, her softball contacts proved valuable as she made an arrangement with the ladies league to play their games at our diamonds. We were central for all the teams from the various towns. We donated a couple of trophies, some free meals a few cases of beer and a few bottles of wine. Naturally, where the young ladies played, the young men followed. 
	Therefore, three nights a week the diamonds were packed along with the cafe and confectionary. Yes, and as long as Buddy worked in the cafe or outside the cafe with his shirt off, the girls seemed to enjoy the scenery even more. Similarly, the guys enjoyed the atmosphere of the cafe or confectionary that much more depending which venue Brandy worked at, serving all with her magical smile. 
	Uncle Gord slipped in on the softball act, much to Aunt Molly’s constant objections, but he was determined. For he volunteered to be a scorekeeper, wheeling between benches, calling out batting orders. He became a fixture for the crowd, and he became an inspiration for the players with his  professional attitude. We never realized how much he grew to enjoy watching softball when Brandy played over the years. Uncle Gord was now able to rekindle that passion. 
	Even bulging bicep Buddy joined the softball spirit as one evening the regularly scheduled umpire was unable to show. An unwilling Buddy agreed to fill in. However, he insisted he stand behind the pitcher, and he not wear a shirt. To say the least, there was a lot of distracted play that game. Strike outs hit an all time high when batters focused on the good looking statuesque features of the umpire rather than the approaching ball. Also, Buddy confused the ball and strike count continually. Yet, not a complaint arose from any of the female players.  
	I knew this day was coming, and there it was, Donald J. Anderson waltzed into the cafe. He owned the Fishing Lake Golf and Country club and wore his flashy multicoloured plaid golf pants with matching cap. The pompous Donald sat at a small table, surrounded by female ball players, ordering a plate of the special dinner. I was helping out in the cafe when he called me over after he lapped up the meal. “How much Pinball?”
	I knew this guy was playing a slippery game, so I’d start it off on the right foot. “For you sir, an important man in Fishing Lake, it is on the house.” 
	Donald grew a foot right there as those words bounced around in his egotistical mind. “Yes, very true. I would like to speak to someone of authority in this establishment.” Donald attempted to be an intellectual, and he wanted to be seen as the head of Fishing Lake, even though we had no mayor.
	“I can call Brandy, but she’s busy in the greenhouse.” 
	Donald wrinkled his brow. “Another woman in business.” 
	“And a talented woman at that.”
	He shook his head and sighed. “When will they learn their place?”
	“Hopefully never.” I simmered at his attitude. “Can I take a message?”
	“On behalf of the fine citizens of Fishing Lake, I am informing you I am seeking legal advice to shut this entire operation down.”   

	By early June 1976 the bookings to host the grad parties expanded from only Foam Lake the year prior, to the point every Friday and Saturday was booked solid for this year. Associated with that, the campgrounds overflowed with every other one of our revenue streams producing extremely well. We needed to hire additional help, and Brandy never wavered from her cash only policy.
	We sought legal advice from a lawyer in Wynyard named Mr. Walters. The smooth talking Mr. Walters was the closest and cheapest legal service around, pretty well representing everyone in both Winyard or Foam Lake at one time or another. He provided us some rather underhanded advice on how to skirt the tax system, municipal laws and that pesky Donald J. Anderson from the Fishing Lake Golf Course. Therefore, we kept him on retainer. The other reason Brandy went with Mr. Walters was that her best friend Gabriela worked for the full-of-himself lawyer.   
	When our meeting with Mr. Walters ended, we headed for lunch at the Wynyard cafe with Gabriela, hoping to catch up on the news. “People, I received my big break,” Gabriela boasted. “I entertained an important call from Toronto today.”
	Enthusiastically, we shared in her excitement while she ripped into a roast beef sandwich, smothered in mayonnaise. Gabriela’s table manners were atrocious, for someone who considered herself so sophisticated.  
	Gabriela took a break from her chewing and continued, “I’ll take a leave from the law office, but there’s no need.  I’m up for a modelling job, and I know I’ll land this one. It’s down to three.” She sighed contentedly. “It took me a year to settle on the type of work I desired. I wasn’t just going to leap at the first opportunity that presented itself.” 
	“That’s great, so happy for you,” said Brandy with genuine excitement in her voice. Brandy was well aware of Gabriela’s inflated ego and self centred behaviour, but they had been best friends since grade one, and that friendship bond could never be broken. 
	“Don’t worry you two,” Gabriela utilized a patronizing tone. “Even though I’ll be in the business capital of Canada, your little operation will always be novel and cute to me.”  

	One night later I witnessed the craziest event. I wish I could forget it, yet it somehow changed the dynamics within my family. In the middle of the night the song, ‘Let It Ride’ by the Canadian band, Bachman-Turner Overdrive began blasting loudly in front of our house. Lights came on in both Babchuk homes. I peeked out my window. There danced my sister Darcy in the middle of the road. She wore absolutely nothing, naked as the day she was born. She worked some stripper routine.
	We all raced out, staring in shock. Actually, she was quite a talented dancer. Darcy took dance lessons over the years, even learned to belly dance. 
	When Eddy yelled at her, there was no response. She continued to make her rhythmic moves. 
	Pa screamed at Uncle Gord’s family, “Get out of here you freaks!”
	“Fuck off losers!” Shirley bellowed. “Darcy, what the fuck is wrong with you?” Shirley moved to slap her.
	“Leave her alone,” I commanded. “She’s sleep walking. Someone get me a coat.” A concerned Will whipped off his jacket, running over and placing it around Darcy. 
	Pa began to rage, I cut him off. “Everyone shut up,” I whispered. I then took Darcy’s arm gently guiding her back to our house.
	Eddy scowled. “Darcy, you’re one fucking freak!”
	“Shut your mouth!” I pointed a threatening finger at Eddy. He flinched for I had hit a growth spirt and was creeping close to his height. I was uncertain why, but I had become protective of Darcy, even though she was a major screw up. For I knew Darcy would sink lower, much lower, I wanted her to know, I would be there for her when she hit rock bottom. 
	Eddy whipped out his comb, giving his hair a quick touch up.
	“No, you don’t.” I put my fists up ready for his blow. “You’re too predictable big brother.”  
	“If I didn’t have to take a piss,” threatened Eddy. “I’d kick your ass right now.” He unzipped for the world to see, beginning to water a tree. 
	“Anytime brother, but you’ll never sucker punch me again.” I turned to the rest of the group. “I’d ask that we never mention this to Darcy. I’ll deal with it.”
	Aunt Molly began to open her mouth, Brandy grabbed her by the shoulder, halting the smart ass comment.
	“Fuck you!” Shirley hissed. “I’ll never let the bitch live it down.”
	I glowered at my sister, forcing her to check herself for a second.“And then you’ll deal with me. And I can be ten times dirtier then your warped mind can ever go.”
	Gathering herself, she gave me the finger which was a common occurrence with my three siblings. Striding up to me, ready to strike.
	I whispered in her ear, “Shirley, you’ll back off Darcy, or I’ll start by revealing the real father of your child.” Shirley’s face filled with terror. “And then your Ice Maker man won’t be coming around courting any longer.”



EIGHT


	“Stop Will, stop!” Brandy screamed at the top of her lungs with fists clenched on a hot afternoon in mid July of 1976. 
	Brandy, Will and I strolled casually down the street in Foam Lake when Will got that goofy grin on his face, spying a bike standing up against the hardware store, hopping on it and yelling, “Going for a ride.”
	He proceeded ten feet, and a nearby RCMP constable stepped out from behind a building, ordering him to halt. Foolishly, Will pedalled harder. The police officer slipped out his gun and bellowed, “I have a gun. Stop right now!” 
	Foolishly, Will continued to peddle. That was when Brandy elevated her decibels, causing Will to hit the breaks. 
	Thankfully, Officer Thompson issued Will a warning and nothing more. He launched into a stern lecture, stripping down Will. Except, out of the corner of his eye the handsome police officer admired Brandy. When she smiled the powerfully hypnotic smile beautiful women possess, no doubt Will was getting off easy. 
	However,  this left me scratching my head in relation to Will. Lately, he seemed as if his head was in the clouds. For a guy who went to bed early, he began acting like a night owl. One night, I saw him taking two cases of soda and several boxes of candy bars from our confectionary. The next night, I observed him siphoning gas. Now from my bedroom window, I have witnessed Eddy siphoning gas from someone else's tank, Darcy siphoning gas, Buddy siphoning gas, but this was the first time Will joined the petroleum stealing club. 
	Most shocking, I spied him sneaking bills from the cashbox yesterday. I said nothing, but it was worrisome. It was not true to Will’s honest character. Then in the middle of the night, I noticed from my window him sneaking out at 1:00 AM. Dressed real sharp, all slicked up, shoes shining bright, a smiling Will held a bouquet of Aunt Molly’s flowers.   

	Pa’s eyes bugged out as the huge shaggy haired buffalo were unloaded off the truck in early August 1976. “What  the hell?” 
	“Had your chance,” I reminded him? “We’ve bought our own.”
	Pa and I stood on our porch watching the buffalo rumble off the truck  into a pen on Uncle Gord’s farmyard. Louie and his brother acted like kids at Christmas. They promised to do all the work involving the buffalo, ensuring us their band would be visiting the cafe frequently, once the lean bison burgers hit the menu.  
	Off to the side from a small truck, Buddy led a pony into a separate corral.  
	“What’s the pony for,” I yelled at Buddy?
	“They threw Tinker Bell in as part of the deal.” Buddy jumped on the back of the Shetland pony, his long legs dragging on the ground. “As of tomorrow, we give pony rides.” 

	One week later the temperature hit 100 degrees Fahrenheit as Buddy, Brandy and I enjoyed a five minute break, consuming a Pepsi while standing around on the front lawn. We had been working frantically between the various entities. Brandy never tired as she somehow managed the various staff on top of doing her regular work as well as the night classes she took. Although, she did admit she was tired of the negative comments about her being a girl leading this operation, and the negative comments about her not having a boyfriend. For the unconscious habit of scrunching her nose was now well intrenched, each time one of those hurtful comments was levelled. Then last week she confessed to me, she was not only tired of the comments, but the comments really bothered her, making her second guess herself. 
	The cafe was leading the frantic parade, the buffalo burgers were a major hit. Carloads of Louie’s native band flocked in for the lean juicy meat. Excited lineups waited to enter the cafe. We started taking reservations. Uncle Mike loved the hectic pace, even though he was run ragged. Although Aunt Molly complained about the amount of perogies and cabbage rolls she was forced to produce, she basked in the lavish praise being heaped on her. Even Uncle Gord helped Aunt Molly in her Ukrainian food factory. We had assumed we’d be shutting the cafe down in the fall, but if this kept up, we would go all winter.
	A loud motorcycle roared down the driveway, pulling in behind our truck. Its engine revved at a ridiculous level. On the back of the bike Darcy sat proudly with her man, matching leather jackets and tattoos. 
	Darcy strode up to Buddy. “Ay loser, I told my man what you called me.” She pointed back to a skinny long haired creepy guy who looked like the devil himself. “That’s Snake.” She poked Buddy in the chest. “You’re in deep shit.” 
	Snake peered around. “What a shit hole!” He killed the engine, easing off his hog, slowly making his way over to Buddy. He flicked a lit cigarette on the ground.     
	“Nice bike,” I said.
	Snake grunted and sized me up. “Of course it is, bet you’re the one they call Piss Ball.” Clearly, Darcy had been telling this man about her family. Then Snake turned to Brandy with a lecherous glare. “Can’t see why a hot piece like you has trouble getting a man.” That sent Brandy’s nose to scrunching.  
	Ay “Snake, this is the asshole,” Darcy pointed at Buddy.
	The goatee wearing Snake glared at Buddy, flashing an evil grin. “There’s a code in my gang, if anyone trashes one of our bitches, we make ‘em pay.” He flipped open a switchblade. 
	We exchanged nervous glances, taking a step backward.
	We heard a gun cock behind us. The sound originated from the front porch. Uncle Gord spoke so all could hear, “We’ve got a code in our family, if somebody pulls a knife, we shoot ‘em, and bury ‘em out in the back.”  

	It was two days before the long weekend in September 1976. In some ways we wanted the summer season to end. All of us were running low on sleep, nerves fraying. For there was a price for success, but we were paying it happily. 
	As Brandy and I cleaned up the confectionary after a long day I asked, “Do you see Hilda standing across the highway staring at us?”  
	Brandy peeked out at our rival confectionary owner. “She’s crazy.” 
	“She often stands there in the evening,” I said. “Mumbling to herself as if the whack job is in some sort of trance.” 
	Brandy chuckled. “Buddy claims she just needs a good screw.”
	“So does Eddy,” I said. “But even he thinks she’s too crazy to touch.” 
	“Ignore the witch. We need to focus on our business.”
	“Speaking of business.” I turned to her with a simple statement. “It is amazing, how come the Tuesday after this long weekend, it turns into a ghost town out here? Sure some people live all year round, but most of these cottages stay empty.”
	Brandy stopped what she was doing. “True, so what?”
	“Do you notice that every year we get dozens of complaints about how something happened to their cottage over the winter?”
	“That griping goes on for months.”
	“So, why don’t we charge a small monthly fee to check people’s cottages?”
	She smiled that dollar sign smile. “And for an extra fee, we can have their cottages up and running for them when they arrive.”
	“Bingo!” I pumped my fist. “A new business line for us.”
	Suddenly, Will burst into the place, looking good, ready to impress someone. Except, this was the first time he headed out in the early evening. “Ahem, can I borrow forty bucks from the cashbox?”
	Brandy handed him the cash. “Have fun.”
	“She must be special,” I said in a teasing tone.
	Will blushed. “Ah, no it’s just…”
	This was the first time Brandy realized Will was stepping out. “Are you going on a date?”
	“Umm, gotta go,” Will said.
	Brandy smiled in excitement. “Excellent, you do have a date.”
	Will mumbled, “Maybe, well, she says we aren’t dating. But this is the first time she’s letting me see her when it's not the middle of the night.”
	Brandy brushed a strand of her silky hair from her face. “Who is the lucky girl?”
	Will ran out the door, muttering, “Your friend, Cindy.” 

	“Here’s the number,” I said two weeks later as I handed the paper to Brandy. “That’s what the man said he wanted.” A fellow was selling a 24 room motel. Will and I had cruised over to the nearby town of Kelvington to check it out.   
	“Like this price,” Brandy commented.
	“Checked out nice,” Will said. “Only there’s some problems.” He looked to me to carry on. 
	I took a long breath before I said, “Ah, ahem, well Brandy, the guy said he wouldn’t sell to any operation being run by a woman.” 
	“Really!” Brandy responded as her nose scrunched. I knew how tired she was getting of men not taking her seriously as a leader. The prairies of Canada still had some negative attitudes in regard to women leaders. The hit song, ‘I am woman’ not being a big hit in certain redneck circles around here.
	“He made it quite clear,” I said.
	“We’ll see about that.” Brandy stood up straight, determination on her face. For I could tell by the tone of her voice, this was a watershed moment in her growth as a woman. “What are the other issues?”
	“Kind of like buying separate modules that have to be moved one at a time,” Will said. “Then put back together.” 
	“What’s the other problem?” Brandy asked Will. There had been a bit of nervous tension between Will and Brandy for Cindy had quite a reputation as a total dominating, manipulative, exploiting bitch, and Brandy no longer trusted the loudmouth and former friend one bit. Unfortunately, Will fell head over heals in love, acting like a whipped puppy around the cold hearted girl.   
	“Well, Brandy,” I said. “All of the modules can be hauled with a semi with no issues.”
	Will finished the explanation, “But the large section is like a bar, and well, that would mean getting a licence for booze and all that.”
	“And the guy won’t sell it unless we take it all,” I added.
	Brandy flashed her calculating smile. “Pinball, your Pa makes whiskey.”
	Will made an ugly face. “That piss is poison.”  
	“Will, do you still know that guy in Sheho that makes it?” Brandy asked.
	Will turned red. “Ya, sure do!”
	“So boys, who needs a liquor licence?”

	One week later when the semi trucks rolled in with the various sections of the motel, I thought my family would all suffer strokes. This was the biggest gamble us kids had taken. The four of us talked it over until the wee hours one night, before all agreed. 
	The summer of 1976 had been another record, surpassing our wildest expectations. We could afford venturing into the motel business or lodge business as we called it. When Brandy and I met with the boisterous man selling the motel, he stated openly his objection to dealing with a woman. That was the first time Brandy’s nose never scrunched on hearing one of those comments. 
	Brandy proceeded to make the male chauvinist motel owner feel about two feet tall in regard to his attitude toward the opposite sex. Then I remember vividly the surprised look on his face when Brandy pulled out cash. He agreed quickly, even though the amount Brandy offered was substantially less than what he asked. 
	By November 1976, our Fishing Lake Lodge began taking reservations. The building required a ton of work to be ready, for we were shooting for a January 1, 1977, opening. Brandy planned to focus our advertising on ice fishing parties, stag parties, snowmobile parties and so on.     
	Now all our profits that summer were not spent on expansion. For the most moving moment I witnessed in my life, occurred when Brandy wheeled Uncle Gord outside on a cool late November day. Staring him in the face was a brand new van.
	“What’s this?” he asked? 
	“This is for you.” Brandy wheeled her Dad closer to the van. “And its from all of us,” For all the people who worked for us came back on this special moment on that Sunday afternoon.
	Buddy turned a key on the side door, it slid back with a lift descending to the ground. It was a van custom made for an individual in a wheelchair to drive. After his crippling accident, Uncle Gord pined the fact he would never drive again. For he told me once, “I’ll only ever drive in my dreams.” Except the expensive blue van would fulfill that dream.
	Uncle Gord never cried, but this once, a few tears flowed freely. Brandy kissed her father on the cheek, slapping a set of keys in his hand. “Dad, time to get back in the saddle.”  

	Early December 1976, when Buddy and I set up new beds in the lodge on a slow Saturday. We were cutting it real close as there was still a ton of work to complete, but Brandy drove us hard. No doubt, she would ensure we were ready, setting a feverish pace. For yesterday, she tackled the stale smell of the lodge as Brandy cleaned the entire place, leaving us a refreshing lemon aroma. 
	“Eh Buddy, got you alone,” a voice sounded from the doorway. “Except for Piss Ball here.” 
	We both turned to see Snake, leaning against the door jam, holding a gleaming switchblade in his hand. 
	Buddy mumbled, “What the fuck?” 
	“Eh boys!” A beady eyed Snake straightened to his full height, wearing his black leather jacket. He took one step into the room. “I didn’t like that gun being held on me. But looks like that cripple old man’s not gonna save his little boy this time.”
	Buddy stood tall, topping Snake by a good four inches, but the gang member gripped that razor sharp knife. 
	“Eh Buddy, I’m gonna carve you up some.” Snake sliced the air with his knife. “And I might leave you alive.” He flipped the knife in the air and caught it. “Cause I want you alive so you can cut me in on your weed action.” 



NINE


	“It was not murder,” I insisted with conviction in my voice as I sat rigid on an uncomfortable chair at the RCMP office in Foam Lake on January 1, 1977. I suffered through my fourth painstaking interrogation on the lodge fight even though it was New Year’s Day. Sergeant Miller grilled me again today as he did each time, attempting to break me. 
	Smack! He hammered the table. “I don’t believe you Pinball! Something seems fishy.”
	As much as I wanted to make a smart ass comment, I kept my mouth shut, only answering the questions asked.
	Sergeant Miller shoved his face in front of mine. “Pinball, I’m going to be watching you closely.”
	“Sergeant Miller, what are you going to do with Buddy?”
	Clearly, his nerves were wound up tight. Smack! Smack! Smack! He struck the table sharply three more times, knocking his coffee cup to the floor. “Want to charge him with murder.” His shoulders slumped slightly. “Except I—”
	“Don’t have any evidence,” I blurted out without thinking, kicking myself under the table.
	A taut faced Sergeant Miller pointed a pen at me. The look in his eyes told me, he wished that pen were a gun. “I’m holding him until I complete the investigation.”
	I went to raise my hand in protest but caught myself. Our lawyer would be returning to object on Buddy’s behalf. For Buddy with his two knife wounds, remained in a jail cell in the back of this building.      
	When Snake attacked, he struck lightening quick. Snake stuck that switchblade of his in Buddy’s shoulder before either of us moved. He followed up with a slash across Buddy’s chest. However, Buddy held a hammer in his hand from when we were assembling the beds. He drilled Snake squarely on the head at the exact same moment the knife slash occurred. Only, Buddy managed to deliver four more blows to Snake’s head while the gang member stood there stunned, attempting to deliver another knife slash. Snake then crumpled to the floor. I checked his pulse. He was dead.
	We called the police immediately, rushing Buddy to the hospital. He remained under guard for two days until the doctor gave the green light, much to our dismay. It resulted in the Mounties moving a pain ridden Buddy to the uncomfortable jail cell.
	Sergeant Miller, who wore his police hat even though we were inside, drummed his fingers on the table. “Something doesn’t seem right. First, the number of times Buddy struck Snake on the head with the hammer. Second, I understand Snake going to visit his biker chick Darcy, but why would a known gang member be paying you and Buddy a visit in the lodge? And third, your Pa and Eddy told me that Buddy was jealous of Snake and Darcy. And that they believe the business operating on Gord Babchuk’s property is hooked to the motorcycle gang.” He ground his teeth. “And that between jealousy and business dealings Buddy had a motive for luring Snake over and attacking him.” Whack! Whack! Whack! He pounded the table multiple times. “Is that true?”
	“No Sir!”
	He adjusted his police hat, being meticulous about how it sat on his head. “Was this an internal fight over some illegal activity?”
	“No sir!”
	He threw the pen at me. He then stood, began pacing. “Was Buddy jealous of Darcy and Snake?”
	“Sergeant Miller, I have answered that question a number of times. However, this time I must express my disgust at the question. Buddy is an honourable person. And I can assure you Buddy had no feelings of jealousy when it came to his cousin Darcy.” I straightened in my chair. “It sickens me to hear your accusations.” 
	I could not believe what I just said to the Sergeant. Would he rough me up for my stance? Yet surprisingly, I caught the tough Sergeant Miller turning red with embarrassment. He adjusted his hat again, getting it just right, leaping back into interrogation mode quickly. “Whatever the motive Pinball, Buddy attacked Snake first, wanting him dead, and out of the way.”
	“That’s not how it happened.”
	“That’s what Buddy admitted,” Sergeant Miller said, attempting to lure me into a trap.
	“Buddy would only admit the truth.”
	Sergeant Miller moaned. “Buddy is the most painful interrogation I ever conducted. Answers every question with a question. Distracted by the stupidest things, like he started trying to fix this wobbly table in the middle of his murder interrogation.” Sergeant Miller tightened his jaw, letting out a low growl the way Snapper use to. Then he licked his lips, much like Snapper use to do as well.  “But, I think he attacked first.” 
	“As I said Sir, Snake attacked Buddy first. Buddy reacted in self defence.” I studied Sergeant Miller’s face more closely as a silence filled the room, realizing he even had some of the deceased Snapper’s wolf like features. 
	“Damn!” Pow! Sergeant Miller punched a wall in frustration, sitting back down in his chair, masking the pain. “I know there is something criminal about this entire situation.”
	“We’re innocent.” 
	“Sure, sure, that’s what Officer Thompson says. But his eyes are clouded by Brandy’s beauty.” For every  time Brandy brought a gift basket, Officer Thompson’s eyes were fixated on her, never once checking the package she passed her brother, as the policeman was absorbed in checking out her overall package.  
	“Sir, I think Officer Thompson sees things clearly.”
	“Bullshit.” Sergeant Miller gritted his teeth as he murmured. “I can feel the crime.”
	“With all due respect Sir. You can continue to ask me the same questions forever, and I’ll give you the same answers which seem to frustrate you.” 
	He touched his hat for the eighth time that session. “Damn right it frustrates me!”
	“However Sir, the facts are the facts, and that’s what I’m giving you.”
	I anticipated another tirade. Sergeant Miller exhaled heavily, waved a dismissive hand, not the one he punched the wall with. He put his feet up on the table, massaging his injured mitt. “Get lost Pinball! And take that loser in the back with you.” 

	Rip! Rip! Rip! That sound rocked the jailing area as I proceeded to the back to relay to Buddy the news of his release. “Winner and champ,” declared Buddy. 
	Another farting contest unfolded between Buddy and Steven, the Minister’s son, who occupied the neighbouring jail cell. Steven was charged with possession of drugs, and the two characters treated this more like a college dorm than a jail. For every day when Brandy and I came to visit Buddy, there was nothing but laughing and howling coming from these two jailbirds. 
	When I gazed around, the two had plenty of food via many gift baskets. Along with scrumptious food, those regular baskets contained a few ounces of booze for the boys. Also, I snuck in a little weed for the lads. The cannabis eased Buddy’s pain from the knife wounds, and kept stoner Steven in mellow land. The boys had a TV and stereo set up. They had plenty of Playboys, plenty of board games with many decks of cards scattered about, plenty of trash piled up and plenty of air freshener for their flatulence games,      
	When I gave Buddy the good news, his first words were, “Aw, just let me stay a few more days.”

	Within twenty minutes, Buddy and I rode in the back of a police car being driven home. Graciously, Officer Thompson offered to drive us back to Fishing Lake, seeing Brandy was his prime motivation. When we turned  onto the highway leading to the last few miles to Fishing Lake, the snow on the road became higher, slowing our progress dramatically. 
	The Fishing Lake highway had not been ploughed for days. For some reason, the municipality seemed to give Fishing Lake terrible service. Many times, Buddy utilized his tractor and snowplough to clear the highway. He was the only one in the family skilled enough to handle the equipment. Except, with him in the slammer, the snow accumulated on the highway. 
	Buddy’s unexpected homecoming was a celebration at Brandy’s home after the good looking Officer Thompson departed. Not once in the fifteen minutes of polite chatter, did the officer remove his adoring eyes from Brandy. Certainly, we all breathed easier when the police officer drove out of the farmyard.     
	Rap! Rap! Rap! A loud knocking sounded on the door with Will answering it. There stood my drunk brother Eddy, barely able to stand, clearly doing some New Year’s Day celebrating. “Want you losers to know.” He burped. “That gang Snake belonged to, left a message for Buddy.” He  tossed a bag of shit on the floor. “They said, his life will be like that until they kill him!”

	In early February 1977, Aunt Molly and Uncle Gord wanted to drive into Foam Lake on a crisp Saturday afternoon. Except, the highway was blocked, Uncle Gord’s tractor with attached snowplough would not start on that cold winter day. However, we observe the municipality’s snowplough removing the white stuff off the Fishing Lake highway. Although it only progressed so far, leaving the highway blocked for our section.
	Aunt Molly yelled at me from across the driveway, “Pinball, we’re going for a walk.” Aunt Molly’s trips into Foam Lake every Saturday were an essential part of her life. Come hell or high water, she was going.
	We trudged our way to the snowplough, the most I ever witnessed Aunt Molly walk. Straining and panting, she carried that determined look on her face, similar to the one Brandy wore when focusing on business. As we approached the lumbering municipality snowplough, we spotted two men in the cab, the snowplough operator and the Reeve of the municipality, Ulf Samuelson. They halted the snowplough, but only when we planted ourselves directly in its path.
	Cautiously, Ulf stepped out. “Afternoon, what can we do for you?”
	Aunt Molly took a moment to catch her breath. “Plough our part of the road.”
	A bushy bearded Ulf said in his deep deadpan voice, “One of the reasons I’m riding along with our operator today is to find out what roads take priority, and what roads don’t.”
	“Am I to understand, that our section of the highway doesn’t make this priority list?” I inquired. I would have never been this forward in the past. I was amazed at my growth in confidence over the last two years, and I had Brandy to thank for that.
	Ulf shuffled his feet uncomfortably. “Yeah, Pinball, you’re correct.”       
	Aunt Molly shoved her body in front of the large man, shaking her finger. “Well, get us on that list.”
	“Sorry, not gonna happen,” Ulf said with a nervous twitch in his eye, “only so much money.”
	Smack! Aunt Molly slapped him hard across the face. Thud! She followed up with a solid punch in the nose drawing blood. She cried out, “And they’ll keep coming until you plough that road!”

	Two days later Brandy and I sat uncomfortably across from Ulf Samuelson at the Reeves office in Foam Lake. “Mr. Samuelson, I wanted to meet and see if we could work this out,” Brandy said utilizing her ultra sweet voice. I could tell Ulf was melting under Brandy’s charms after only a few warming words. “There’s really no need to bring charges against my mother.”
	A black eyed Ulf shrugged and smiled with a missing tooth. “It’s a bit embarrassing. When a woman hits one several times. I didn’t know what to do.”
	I noticed Brandy relaxed. “Yes, it must have been difficult.”
	The heavy set man chuckled. “About as difficult as the number of people who have been asking about you guys.” 
	“What do you mean?” I inquired.
	“For starters, I’ve got Donald J. Anderson from the Golf Course, and Hilda Warden the witch to deal with,” Ulf said in his flat voice. “I’m surprised she hasn’t hit me yet. They both want your head served on a platter.” 
	Brandy twitched anxiously. “What’s their issue?”
	“Business licences, they insist you need one for each of your businesses, and they insist our municipality office doesn’t issue you any licences.” 
	Brandy’s anxious state increased. We knew the day was coming, we attempted to stall as much as possible. Brandy attempted to stall even further. “Ulf, we’ll talk to our lawyer and see.”   
	Ulf wrinkled his brow. “Don’t know, lots of pressure. Also a greenhouse starting up here in town. They’ve asked a lot of questions about you guys.” Ulf sighed and wiped his brow. “But not as many questions as Sergeant Miller.”
	Brandy and I shared a nervous glance. We needed this guy on our side. I dangled my card. “I really enjoy going to school with your daughter Mr. Samuelson.”   
	Ulf perked up. “Oh Pinball, she speaks highly of you. Julia says you’re the only one that can explain things to her.”
	“We do homework together at lunch or in spares,” I said. “Sometimes we study over the phone.” 
	“Julia tells me how if it weren’t for you, she’d fail,” admitted Ulf. “My daughter’s real pretty, but struggles in school.”
	I stretched and yawned. “Don’t mind helping her, but I’ve been getting pretty busy lately.” 
	A worried look enveloped his face. “Oh no, I can pay you to help her.”
	“Not the money Sir,” I said as I slumped in my chair. “I don’t mind helping Julia, but…”
	“But what?” Ulf encouraged me to share. 
	“It’s all the strain and pressure being put on us,” I confessed as I rubbed my neck. “If we could find a way to give us more time to study this business licence issue. Then I might have more energy to help your daughter.” Actually, I would never give up helping Julia, the hottest girl in our class, but the bluff was worth a try.
	He leaned forward whispering, “You take all the time you need Pinball. Just keep helping my Julia.” 
	“Thanks Mr. Samuelson,” I said as I sighed with relief.
	“You know, there’s another way we can help you out.” Brandy went for a big score. “You need to save money in the municipality. And I’ll bet we can save you a ton. And make you look good as head of this fine rural municipality.”
	Ulf raised his eyebrows. “How’s that?”  
	“If you were to contract us to do the snow removal for the Fishing Lake highway?” Brandy graced the man with her warm and concerned look. “We can do it much cheaper than the municipality.” 
	“Hmm!” Ulf stroked his whiskers.
	I smiled that close-the-deal-smile I learned from Brandy. “You know if I spent a little extra time with your daughter, I bet we can get her to a C average.”
 
	By March of 1977 our lodge showed little promise. It started slow and stayed slow. Bookings were rather scarce. Uncle Gord issued his daily opinion on how the lodge would never pay. While Aunt Molly rode us hard. She felt we overstepped our capabilities, resulting in numerous lengthy and scathing lectures.  
	However, when word began to spread that home brew whiskey was available, a couple of stag parties booked. Also, the fishing hut rental brought a few guests who stayed at the lodge as well. Except, all in all, the lodge was a disappointment, teaching us some valuable lessons, teaching us we needed to work harder, teaching us we needed to be patient and teaching us we needed to do somethings differently. 
	So, Buddy took it upon himself to do something different. As part of his healing process from the knife wounds, he went through a number of physiotherapy sessions. Towards the end of his therapy program, the Physiotherapist let him enter the hot tub on his last few sessions. Of course, Buddy fell in love with the pain relieving soaking process. 
	When the Physiotherapist advised Buddy the six seater hot tub was for sale as he would be relocating his practice; Buddy begged Brandy to purchase the hot tub for pennies on the dollar. She agreed, allowing that hot tub to become an added feature to our lodge experience. We placed it outside in a secluded spot behind the lodge, ensuring guests could enjoy the peace and relaxation of their hot water dip in private.  
	Once installed, many nights Buddy enjoyed the soothing swirling hot tub bubbles, adding a few of his own, taking pride in his monster farts. Also, Snapper hung his big dog head on the hot tub ledge, tongue hanging out, wanting to jump in with his master. I will never forget the night when Buddy thought no one was watching, I spied him snapping his fingers, giving Snapper the cue. Splash! In leaped the huge dog, creating a tidal wave and filling the night with Buddy’s laughter.  
	Thankfully, nothing had to be done differently in regard to the other winter revenue streams which were very solid. In particular, the now three hidden weed shacks produced extremely well. Our buyer relayed to us how our Canadian grown cannabis had become a fan favourite of some of his American buyers. Prompting our buyer to pay us more for our hardy green gold cultivated by the lake.     
	Also, we relayed to Brandy the comment Snake delivered concerning our weed before his death. We wondered how many people knew? Did Darcy know? Did other members of the motorcycle gang know? We worried in regard to Sergeant Miller’s suspicions. Was it time to move the weed operation?    
	Therefore, Brandy and I decided it was better to have a potential enemy closer to you then at a distance. So, Brandy reluctantly agreed to go for a friendly coffee with Officer Thompson who had pestered her repeatedly. For my part, I agreed to approach my sister Darcy.
	“Hey Darcy, how you doing?”
	My gypsy sister came and went as she pleased. She’d return for a week or so, then headed out for a couple of weeks. We never knew where she went. “I’m cool!” she said while laying on our lumpy couch.
	“Ahem, I know I said it before, but I’m sorry about Snake.” The real question, was I actually sorry the loser was out of our lives and my sister’s life? 
	Darcy gazed at me with her sad eyes. “No, you’re not.”  
	I blushed for the perceptive girl caught me. “Ah, I’m sorry that his death made you sad. Were you guys really close, like sharing everything and all that?”
	“Aw, nothing like that! I was a little sad at first,” she admitted. “But as time went on I realized what a scum bucket he was. You know he used to beat me.”
	I gulped, totally surprised. “Woe, I didn’t know.” I took her hand. “It could be time for you to have a fresh start. We wanted to have some entertainment for our cafe. Maybe once or twice a week, we thought of you belly dancing. You’re really good. And if you wanted you could pick up a shift or two in our club that doesn’t serve liquor, if you know what I mean.” 
	“You’d ask me with my history with Uncle Gord’s family?”
	“For sure, and we’re getting bookings for the odd stag, if you wanted to do your belly dancing routine, keeping some clothing on.”  
	“Ay Pinball, what if I wanted to do a trick or two?” She giggled with a knotty tone. 
	“Umm, Darcy, I’d prefer you didn’t, but, ah, well if you do it on your own time. We don’t want to know.” I felt my face flush. “I wish you wouldn’t.”
	“You’re cool.” She squeezed my hand. “You actually give a shit about me. Even the way you handled that sleep walking issue. You care!” Darcy sat up, tilting her head as she thought for a minute, and said with enthusiasm I’d not heard from her in ages, “Yeah! I’ll do it! I’ve always dreamed of dancing.” She undid her ponytail, shaking out her hair. “Yeah!” Darcy stood and did a twirl. “It’ll be cool. And no tricks! But no matter what my dance costume, I’ll have something leather on, even if its just a leather choker.” 
	My jaw hung open in surprise, for others in my family turned me down flat when I made an offered relating to one of their dreams. “Ah, that’s fantastic!”
	“But Pinball, may not be for too long, something big could be in the cards.”
	“What?”  
	“Really big!” Darcy executed another twirl and a shimmy. “Well, Snake was just a low level member. But the leader of the gang, Rocky, is now thinking of making me one of his bitches.”



TEN


	In early April 1977, Buddy shouted while reading the newspaper, “Yeah baby! Going to watch the stock cars.” Buddy and I relaxed around the kitchen table one evening while Brandy added up the day’s cash.
	“Where they racing?” I asked. 
	“Saskatoon, crap track,” replied Buddy. “But better than nothing.”
	I scanned over at the page his eyes were glued to. “Eddy wants to drive up to Saskatoon to see that too. Only other track is in Regina.” 
	This conversation made Brandy and I nervous. We wanted to keep Buddy as close to home as possible for his protection as sugar had been found in the truck gas tank, a buffalo shot, other smaller sabotage acts carried out along with numerous anonymous phone calls threatening Buddy’s life. That biker gang was making their point.      
	“How come there are so few racetracks?” Brandy asked as she wrapped up the tallying task.
	Buddy scratched his head, licked his lips. “Umm, don’t know.”
	She smiled with her cheeky grin. “Why don’t we build a racetrack?” 
	“No way,” replied Buddy. “Crazy!”
	I leaned forward with genuine interest. “A dirt, asphalt or concrete  track? Real cost difference. I hear Eddy talking about this all the time.”
	“No idea.” Brandy shrugged one shoulder. “But I assume a dirt track’s cheaper, so why not start there?”
	I thought for a moment. “Maybe, but there’d be insurance issues.” Brandy and I had been discussing business licences, liquor licences, insurance and taxes, knowing we had buried our heads in the sand about as long as we could.
	“Can check with our lawyer,” Brandy said. “So what if we didn’t charge any admission? Didn’t charge any entry fee? But we had the track simply to bring people out once a week to race.” 
	I added to her idea. “Everyone has to sign waivers before they can race or watch.” 
	Buddy pumped his fist again. “Holy shit! Stock car racing right here. We should buy go carts, and let the kids ride them when there’s no racing going on.”
	Brandy stood and paced, “Same concept as the ball diamonds. Look this year the men’s league is holding their games out here. The cafe and confectionary will be packed on those evenings, just like they’ll be on the race day.” 
	“Hey, hey!” Buddy slapped his head. “I know exactly where the track should be. Ah but, we’d have to hire a special grader and packer.” He slapped his head even harder as another thought surfaced. “Oh shit, and have to put up guardrails and fences.” 
	Brandy placed her hand on Buddy’s shoulder. “That’s for you to do. Just tell me how much.”
	“Eddy would come in handy,” I muttered. I wished my brother would have been different as he would have been such an asset. Except, he would be every bit as stubborn as Pa. 
	“Should we ask him?” Brandy inquired. “Look how great it has worked out with Darcy.” Every night she belly danced, the cafe was packed. 
	“We should add another night for her in the cafe,” I suggested.
	“Done,”  agreed Brandy. “And I just booked another stag, they heard about the last one where Darcy the belly dancing queen was the star of the show.”
	I chuckled as I remembered the excitement exuding from Darcy after that performance. “Standing ovation, she stood on cloud nine. That hot tub we setup at the lodge has been a hit as well.”  
	“Eddy’s not Darcy,” said Buddy. “He’ll never do it.” 
	Brandy smiled her pirate smile. “I think we should ask him. Let him say no, otherwise he’ll never stop whining about how we never gave him the chance.”   

	Gabriela held her nose high two weeks later as she bragged, “The shoot was fantastic! But, I found Toronto cold. I prefer LA.”
	“Have you been there?” I asked as I tapped my foot irritably as Brandy and I sat round the kitchen table at Uncle Gord’s home watching Gabriela devour her favourite snack noisily, a roast beef sandwich loaded with mayonnaise. She acted incredibly worldly ever since returning home to Saskatchewan. Although, her table manners showed no signs of becoming more worldly. 
	Gabriela levelled a haughty look of distain at me, letting fly with a condescending laugh. “You’re so provincial Pinball!” She waved a dismissive hand at me for asking the LA question, moving on to one of her favourite topics, her wardrobe. “I picked up the most fashionable clothes. Brandy, we really must get you off this farm, and into a proper boutique.” Gabriela smirked smugly.  “You’re foolish dream of being some sort of woman business leader is getting in your way of being a real lady.”      
	If she had not been Brandy’s life long friend, I would have humbled the pretentious girl right there. Except, Brandy and I shared knowing smirks, letting the girl have her day. For we heard from Gabriela’s mother that she never landed the modelling job in Toronto, nor any other she pursued. 
	Although, Gabriela informed everyone in Foam Lake, she completed a successful shoot. As I sized her up, I realized an additional problem that arose, besides her lack of height, Gabriela was packing 15 pounds more than she should have.      
	“How’s work back in the law office?” I inquired, bringing the girl down a notch.
	“Oh Pinball, such a naive child.” She picked a spec of lint off her sleeve, scowling at me. “Mr. Walters begged me to return, but I’m only there until I secure another shoot.” 
	Brandy smirked again for she was thinking what I was thinking. Gabriela secured only one modelling job in her life. A hand model job for a local jewelry store. I had to give it to her, she had nice hands, but that shoot occurred four years ago. “You’ve had an exciting time in Toronto.” Brandy leaned forward. “Tell us more.”  
	Gabriela assumed this far away look. “Oh people, I feel like some sort of celebrity now that I’m back.” She lifted her chin arrogantly. “Yesterday, one of my fans asked me for my autograph.”  

	One week later, a frantic Brandy raced into the greenhouse where I was watering the plants, whispering in a tremulous voice, “Pinball, someone reported us!” 
	“Reported what?”
	“Canada Tax Agency sent us a registered letter. It has been brought to their attention, there’s a business operating on this property other than agricultural.” 
	“Sure it isn’t a standard audit?”
	“No Pinball, I haven’t sent in our taxes for this year.” 
	“Shit!” I turned off the hose, thinking of the people that could have reported us. My mind went to Eddy right off. We asked him if he wanted to help out with the racetrack. First, Eddy told us how he wanted to ruin us. Second, he told us that if he ever were involved, it would be to run the entire operation. The very next day, Pa, Eddie and Shirley fired up the Foam Lake gossip lines, informing everyone that Brandy begged Eddy to run the show, and Eddy turned her down.  
	Brandy shook the letter. “There’s a long list of folks that wanted to do this. Finally, someone has sent the tax wolves after us.”

	“Hey Pinball,” a couple of days later Will called me over to where he washed the delivery truck.
	“How you doing Will?”
	He peeked around to ensure no one overheard. “Where does Brandy keep the books?”
	“Why do you want to know?”
	“Ah, well, just wondering,” Will said as his lips quivered. “Just  thought if I could borrow them for a bit.” He tensed. “But please, please don’t tell Brandy.”
	“Will, who would you show them to?”
	“Umm.” He shifted from foot to foot nervously, looking down. “No one really.” He scratched his neck for a long moment, the silence increasing his uneasiness. “Well, ah, a friend.”
	“Books are in Brandy’s head.”
	“But, but Pinball, how do we know she’s not taking all the money for herself?”
	“Will, your sister is looking out for you. Where are you getting this idea?”
	“Well, Cindy said that Brandy’s ripping us off!” He  slumped his shoulders. “She also said, no use me coming round, if I don’t start driving a new car.”

	Boom! A horrific explosion rocked the night on the last day in April 1977. Brandy, Buddy, Will and myself scurried out of our beds, heading for the greenhouse. As we arrived one by one, each of us absorbed the destruction. We processed the fact our generator was totally destroyed. A distinct burnt odour filled our nostrils as the smoke caused our eyes to water.   
	Will inspected the damage. “Somebody blew it up with dynamite.”   
	We made our way into Brandy’s house, discussing the impact to our future security and the impact to our business. Fortunately, the disaster occurred late enough in the spring that we could operate without the generator for the rest of this year, but next year was a different story.   As we sat down the phone rang.
	Buddy plunked himself in a chair. “Oh shit.” 
	I grabbed the phone, speaking in a brittle voice,“Hello, Babchuk residence.”
	The deep gravelly voice on the other line threatened, “Buddy will die.”  

	It was early May 1977 and all operations were going strong. Currently, we had ten employees, plus family members, and we were all going flat out. The racetrack was scheduled to open in two weeks. Buddy worked nonstop, ensuring every detail was taken care of. I saw the passion for racing grow in Buddy everyday. 
	Buddy’s pride swelled when Brandy named him Race Director on the posters advertising our upcoming opening day. Additionally, when Brandy announced that Louie, who toiled endlessly right along side Buddy, would be Assistant Race Director the man grew a foot right there.     
	The only negative incident involving the racetrack preparation occurred when a liquored up Pa and Eddy decided to take their cars on the partially completed track and go for a spin in the middle of the night. Buddy, Brandy and I scurried out of our beds when we heard the revving motors. We arrived on time to witness the two fools screaming at the top of their lungs, attempting to navigate the first turn.
	Buddy muttered, “Stupid morons.”
	Crash! Eddy slammed into a road packer sitting in the middle of the track. Smash! Pa followed his son into the huge machine. 
	All we heard as the two crawled out of their cars was Eddy’s claim, “I was fucking winning!”

	One week later we served another packed cafe as a scantily clad Darcy performed her belly dancing routine. Reservations only, as her exotic dancing created quite a stir in the surrounding area. Her talents even being featured in a couple of local newspaper stories. I had never seen the girl so happy.  
	At the end of Darcy’s set, she danced over to me excitedly,  her tip jar overflowing. “What a haul! This is the coolest job!”
	“And Darcy, we’re adding even another night for you in the cafe.”  
	“Cool!” She did a twirl, the way she did every time she was excited. “And I’ve sure glad you screwed up Pa and Eddy’s plans last night.” 
	For the two clowns sought revenge for the racetrack incident. Luckily, they came out unscathed, other then their cars and egos, but they figured we purposely set that packer in their path. So, for their revenge, they planned on placing an unwelcome guest the two had captured, inside our cafe in the middle of the night. 
	Of course, I heard them boasting of what they were about to do after they consumed a jug of their rotgut whiskey. So, I snuck out of the house, making minor adjustments to their plan. I waited for the inebriated fools to stagger out and execute their prank.   
	They entered their goose barn, collecting their caged skunk. They had covered the cage to keep the animal in the dark and docile. Pa and Eddy made it about ten feet out of that barn, when I hurled a sizeable rock from a safe distance, striking the flimsy cage door I had already unlatched. The rock’s impact flung open that cage door, freeing the startled and nervous skunk, lifting its tail, spraying a nearby Pa and Eddy with the long lasting perfume.   
	Darcy looked at me with concern in her eyes. “But Pinball, I’ve got to tell you. Shirley has been talking a lot to Cindy Kowalski. And the talk is all about you guys.” 
	Bang! The door of the cafe was shoved open violently. A mountain of a hairy man lumbered in. He flexed his tattooed muscles. His chains jingled, his powerful stanch spread through the room as he picked his nose, looking about for someone. 
	“Ay Rocky!” Darcy screamed, running into his arms. “You came for me!”

	The racetrack opening in mid May 1977 went better than anyone predicted. From the confectionary, to the cafe, from the lodge, to the greenhouse, all entities rocked that day. The only sadness came from not having Darcy with us. She headed back to the biker gang, not hearing a word from her since Rocky showed up. 
	The other fact that stuck with me was Eddy and Pa sat on our porch, flashing me the finger whenever they attracted my attention. They vowed they would get revenge for the skunk calamity. Also, they glared daggers as they watched the racing excitement alone, with no one approaching the two who carried a lingering odour from that skunk shower.       
	At the end of that kickoff day, Brandy and I visited with Aunt Dorothy, the younger sister of Aunt Molly who lived in Saskatoon. Actually, Aunt Dorothy was not my aunt, but I called her that anyway. 
	Aunt Dorothy was the complete opposite of her sister. In fact, Brandy possessed many of Aunt Dorothy’s characteristics. Both oozed positive, both super fun and both always on the go. Whereas, Aunt Molly was typically negative. I never heard her utter a positive statement about her daughter Brandy while she now gossiped with and praised Shirley across the driveway continually. The two were often seen sharing personal info and savoury food with their forks and mouths working overtime.
	Brandy perched in front of her cashbox, tallying up the daily receipts when Aunt Dorothy revealed, “I’m afraid Brandy, to understand your mother, you must look past the obvious.”
	“What do you mean?” Brandy asked.
	“First off, there was that fire,” Aunt Dorothy said with a far off look. “Second, then there was her marriage at 16 to your father who was over 20 years older than her. She was still a child in many ways. We wondered if she married to escape her mother.” Aunt Dorothy then frowned. “Cause, watch how poorly your grandma treats your mother. It has always been like that.” Comfortingly, she took Brandy’s hand. “You don’t know this, but your mother never stops bragging about you!”

	Buddy and I cleaned up at the racetrack after another successful day of stock car racing in July 1977. The place packed again, the cash boxes overflowed. We were beat, but we wanted to finish before we called it a night. Snapper jumped around like he was a young pup again, playing while we attempted to do our jobs, causing us to enjoy a good chuckle at his antics as we prepared the track for the line up of kids wanting to drive the slow moving go carts tomorrow.  
	The most surprising aspect to the racetrack was on those days the stock cars stayed clear, the kids go carts ruled the speed way. Who led the kids in the fun? Buddy’s enthusiasm filtered through every turn in the track. Nothing was more comical then watching big Buddy squeeze himself into the small noisy machines built for ten and twelve year olds, racing and revving his motor, challenging every kid to a speed dual.
	Did the kids worship the man? Absolutely! They adored the fun loving guy, teasing him endlessly as he ensured their helmets were on tight, and he strapped them safely into their carts. Also, the kids enjoyed their own private game, attempting  to run over Buddy’s toes when bringing the crawling machines into the unloading area where Buddy waited for them. Their giggles filled the air as Buddy danced his toes out of their way, laughing right along with the kids antics. It was clear to all, Buddy possessed a huge heart under that large frame.
	Bang! A shot blasted out from the dark, lightly gracing Buddy’s arm. We both hit the deck. Ruff! Ruff! Ruff! Snapper ran straight for the hidden gunmen, barking, alerting the others in the house. Multiple lights went on, allowing us a better view.
	Bang! Bang! Another two shots sounded. We watched in pain as Snapper lifted into the air, fighting the impact, hitting the ground like a sack of rock hard potatoes. The gunmen fled through the brush. Bang! He let off another shot, bullet whizzing by us, missing by a couple of feet.
	After we heard the motorcycle depart, we made our way to the wounded Snapper, kneeling by the bleeding dog. Buddy held his canine friend’s head on his lap. Snapper gave that pained look as he whimpered. Snapper convulsed, then went still, life draining from our long time protector. Buddy hugged the dog as he began to cry.    

	It was a Sunday in late July 1977, as forty motorcycles blocked access to our farmyard and businesses. The motorcycle gang waited with Rocky at their head, motors revving high. They allowed no cars in, no cars out. Sadly, Darcy perched on the back of Rocky’s bike. It hurt to know she was on the other side of this showdown.
	Rocky yelled, “Yo inside, send out Buddy.” 
	Bang! One of the bikers fired a gun in the air. 
	“Want to have a chat with the clown,” Rocky continued. Some of his members laughed maliciously. When I heard that, I knew all of us faced danger. Brandy, Buddy and I were working in the greenhouse at the time, watching the bikers every move.    
	“Out the back Buddy.” Brandy pointed. “Go and hide!”
	“Pinball, you and I are going out there to talk to these animals. Your silver tongue may come in handy.” 
	We took about ten shaky steps down the driveway. Suddenly, Aunt Molly joined us, “You’re not going alone!”



ELEVEN


	My knees knocked as we worked our way to where Rocky sat on his black Harley Davidson. A snarling Snapper would have come in handy right now. Shirley, Eddy and Pa with his fly wide open stood on their porch, laughing at us making that frightening walk. While Darcy sat behind Rocky on the bike, adorned in her full black leather outfit, chewing gum proudly. Definitely, black was the colour of choice for this biker gang.  
	Rocky picked his nose, wiping his finger on his grease stained pants while chomping on a piece of beef jerky. “Where’s fucking Buddy?” 
	“Not here,” Brandy said with steel in her voice. 
	“Fuck you!”Rocky tossed the jerky at Brandy, but she niftily dodged the flying meat. “Let’s find him, and kill him!” He spat at Brandy. She dodged that filthy wad as well. He then jerked a thumb at her. “Yo, this fucking wench would do.” A lecherous chuckle rose from a number of the bikers.
	Aunt Molly shook her fist. “Get your filthy mouth out of here!” 
	The bikers chortled. Rocky eased off his bike, pointing at one of his lieutenants. “Yo Gunner, deal with this old hag.” He leered at Brandy, “I’ll deal with this sweet thing.” He grinned creepily with his blackened teeth on display. “Yo boys, I here she runs the show.”
	Gunner grunted. “A bitch in charge. What next?”
	Brandy’s nose did no scrunching. “Beats an asshole like you in charge,” she shot back with chuckles rising from the bikers.
	I knew I needed to distract these animals, or this would get out of hand quickly. “Do you hear the sirens?” I asked even though I caught no saving siren sounds myself. I had utilized a phone in the greenhouse to call the police as soon as I heard the bikers. 
	Rocky spat again and sneered, lurching up to me, putrid dead skunk odour suffocating my nostrils. He grasped my neck. “Fucking liar! I don’t hear a thing.”
	“Got good ears,” I choked out. I wished those cops would show up. For how long could I stall these animals? How long could I endure Rocky’s rancid odour? I snuck a glance at Darcy. She stared straight ahead, not saying a word. 
	“Hey Darcy,” I said with pain shooting through my body. This guys grip was like a vice. “Thought you said Rocky was a good guy?” The gorilla loosened his grip slightly, allowing me to take in some well needed air.  
	Darcy blushed and looked down. She knew what I was doing. “Ay, he’s cool.”
	Meanwhile, the ugly looking Gunner positioned himself directly in front of Aunt Molly, growling like a mangy dog. It was at that point Aunt Molly realized that saying another word would only make the situation worse. Brandy did the same, and I was proud of how they showed no fear. 
	Except, my knees still knocked. For in the next moment I would either die or gain more time. “Ah Rocky, did it bother you when you lost your brother in a fire?” 
	He inhaled a sharp breath. The big man’s body tensed. “What do you mean?” He shook me violently. My every bone felt as if it rode a bucking bronco and got thrown again and again. 
	“Ow!” I took a moment, coughing and wheezing, managing to fight the pain shooting through my body before continuing down my dangerous path. “Oh, I mean no offence Rocky, it’s a tough thing to live through.” He loosened his grip again, giving me additional well needed air. “Aunt Molly here experienced the same trauma as a child. Not an easy thing, and to lose your little brother. Very sad!”
	Dead silence filled the air for a minute. I felt Rocky trembling. I smelt Rocky perspiring. I felt him grip me tighter around the neck again. Darcy had relayed Rocky’s story back when she was dancing for us.  He was either going to kill me right there, or break down and cry. Although, the crying option was merely wishful thinking on my part.
	Finally, we heard the sound of faint sirens. One of the bikers yelled, “Rocky, cops are coming.” Rocky never moved a muscle, remaining in his trance. “Hey Rocky, let’s go! They’re getting closer.”  
	The giant whispered to me, “You were close to death kid!” He threw me to the ground, jumping on his bike. “Let’s ride. We’ll be back!”  

	A couple minutes later three squad cars sped up to where Brandy, Aunt Molly and I stood. We thanked our lucky stars we were still alive. I waved my hands getting their attention, pointing down the road, yelling, “They went that way.” Two of the cars bolted after the gang while the police car with Sergeant Miller and Officer Thompson remained with us.
	Of course, a straight faced Sergeant Miller glared at me, removing his sunglasses, jamming them in his shirt pocket. “If there’s trouble, Pinball’s ass is in the middle of it.”
	Officer Thompson stepped next to Brandy. “Are you okay?”
	She nodded her head. 
	Sergeant Miller fiddled with his hat, levelling his penetrating gaze. “What was this all about?”        
	“Those animals on bikes came looking for poor Buddy.” Aunt Molly wagged her finger. “You cops should be protecting us, not sitting having coffee and donuts all the time.”
	Sergeant Miller rolled his eyes. “Pinball, what happened?”
	Oddly, right then, I thought how I had never observed Sergeant Miller with his hat removed. I refocused, coughing nervously.  “Well, Sir, Snake’s gang wants revenge. Buddy’s their target.”
	Aunt Molly graduated to shaking her fist at the Sergeant. “And all the things they’ve done, bullet grazed Buddy, blew up our generator, killed our dog. We reported it all.” She poked the Sergeant in the chest multiple times. “You’ve done nothing!”
	Sergeant Miller sighed in disgust. “Were there any threats made?”
	Smack! Aunt Molly slapped him on the shoulder. “You fool! It was all a threat!”
	“That’s enough Mrs. Babchuk,” Sergeant Miller roared. “You’re going to behave or be placed under arrest.” He stepped in front of me. “Now you smart ass delinquent, there’s something criminal about what you, Brandy, Buddy and the other one have going here. I think your up to no good.”
	“I think your focus should be on the biker gang.” I massaged my aching neck. “We’re merely innocent victims of organized crime.”
	The sergeant grabbed me by the collar with a force that exacerbated my neck pain, making me wince and cringe. “And I think you Babchuk kids and this Babchuk operation are every bit as criminal as those bikers!”
	“How dare you talk about my kids like that?” Aunt Molly pointed down the road. “Get the hell out of here!”

	“My Will should be named President of this business!” Cindy Kowalski demanded as she joined Uncle Gord’s family for dinner in August 1977.  All was well between the assertive Cindy and Will since Brandy surprised Will with a new Dodge charger. Will’s chest almost burst with pride and excitement that day. The mousey Cindy’s public declaration of affection for Will at that point was nauseating. However, the amount of times she borrowed Will’s new car was also nauseating.   
	“Shut the fuck up Cindy!” Buddy barked out. 
	Thud! Aunt Molly kicked Buddy under the table. We were so glad to get Aunt Molly back for that day she tangled with Sergeant Miller, she spent the night in the slammer. I will never forget Aunt Molly in the back of the police car, wearing shiny handcuffs, raging like a trapped lioness. No charges levelled, but Aunt Molly continued to ridicule Sergeant Miller every waking moment since her release. Although, nothing could match the ridicule she levelled at the quality of food she received while in jail.    
	Cindy sat up taller, her big mouth ready to roll, “Will’s the oldest. He should be in charge.” She levelled a contemptuous look at Brandy. “Time for a change.” She gave Brandy a condescending smile. “Sure Carnival Queen Brandy can do the basic accounting and admin. She’s okay at that.” She tittered in a ridiculing manner. “I guess. But need someone more skilled to run things.” She grabbed Will’s hand. “After all, she can’t even get a boyfriend.” 
	“What’s that got to do with leadership?” I asked with my blood boiling over as I saw Brandy’s nose doing overtime. 
	“Oh come on, a woman’s place is not running this business,” Cindy replied. 
	“ Bullshit!” I responded. For I watched Brandy work incredibly hard, growing the business, as well as taking night courses. She strived to improve herself, yet, still facing the woman question as much from certain females as males.    
	Cindy rolled her eyes. “Oh please, she’s just a silly girl.” Cindy reached over and patted Brandy on the hand in a patronizing manner. Nothing personal, but business is for men”
	“Again, bullshit!” I clenched my fist under the table. “Interesting how you give advice on business. Yet, your brother told me how you flunked the introductory correspondence business course you took after you dropped out of school.”
	Cindy flushed. “Stupid course!”
	Buddy chuckled as he shovelled more food on his plate. “Stupid student!” 
	“Hah, Buddy the clueless clown,” Cindy shot back. 
	“Cindy the wicked witch of welfare world,” joked Buddy.    
	Cindy began wagging her lecturing finger. “I just know from what Shirley has told me that it’s total confusion over here. Isn’t that right Will?”
	“Umm, maybe sometimes.” Will assumed a sheepish look, his eyes appealing to us for some understanding. 
	“See I’m right,” boasted Cindy as she gave him a light patronizing peck on the cheek. 
	Buddy pointed his fork at Will. “Pussy whipped!”
	Cindy snorted, touching Will on the shoulder with a lack of feeling. “My Will should take over.”
	“With your help of course,” Brandy added with that deadly gleam in her eyes that told me she was ready to rip Cindy’s hair out. Brandy dreaded this dinner ever since Will announced he was bringing his special girl who she now considered an enemy. 
	“Well, I’m always here to help my Will.” She hugged him awkwardly. 
	I thought, this girl was as cold as ice towards her so called man, cause there was no genuine affection in that hug. I tugged on my earlobe. 
	Brandy took the cue. “Could my older brother do his admin sister a favour? I have an important envelope sitting on my desk in my room.”
	Will and Cindy’s eyes popped open wide. I could tell they thought something big for them sat up those stairs. Cindy nudged Will. “Hurry, go get it Will!” Obediently, he rose, rumbling up the staircase, excited anticipation sounding with every footstep.  
	I leaned in, whispering to Cindy, “I also have it on good authority that your still dating Nick.”
	Cindy shouted with her face turning as red as her hair, “No, no, no, and Pinball’s a geek.” 
	“Isn’t that the man you claimed was the love of your life?” asked Brandy?
	“That’s a lie!” Smack! Cindy slapped the table. “You’re trying to come between Will and I.”
	Brandy licked her lips, moving in for the kill. “Isn’t Nick the guy you’ve been secretly engaged to, but you’re scared to tell your parents?”  
	Cindy collected herself, holding her head high. “I haven’t seen Nick for months!”
	“Funny, this was taken last week!” I flashed a 3 by 5 picture. Clearly, the telltale photo showed Cindy and Nick necking in the front seat of Will’s new Dodge Charger.

	The next evening Will and I relaxed on Uncle Gord’s porch, feet up, enjoying a Pepsi after a long days work. “Was she really using me?” Will asked in all sincerity.
	My stomach turned as this was the last conversation I wanted to have. Poor Will, after Cindy stormed out of the room last night, Aunt Molly ranted on and on about that cheating coldhearted girl. It left a listening Will in shock, saddened and humiliated even more than when he saw the picture. 
	Brandy and I attempted to steer the conversation away from Cindy to spare Will’s already tattered feelings. Except, when Aunt Molly had a topic she never let it go, like a dog with a grizzled old bone. To spite the fact that each of her never ending words stuck the knife in Will’s heart a little deeper. To me, Aunt Molly’s attitude symbolized how little respect Will received from his parents. 
	This attitude persisted through the house for years. For example, ever since the three kids were tiny and bath time occurred. The farm possessed two water wells, one produced good water for drinking and bathing. The other well produced poor water utilized for watering the plants, gardens, washing clothes, etc. Except the good water well production was extremely limited, versus the other well produced an endless supply. Therefore, the precious bath water had to be shared by the kids. 
	The cast-in-stone bath order for the kids being Brandy first, next came Buddy and Will drew the short straw, bathing in the dirty used water last. Believe me when Buddy got through his extended bath, the cold and mirky water left something to be desired. Oh, I forgot how smelly the water became as even at a young age, Buddy prided himself on the farts he could let fly, producing an endless stream of bubbles for his entertainment.
	I cleared my throat, wishing I had a different answer. “Cindy’s brother talks about how her and Nick are always looking for easy ways to, well to take advantage of people.”     
	Will slumped in his patio chair. “Nick is such a loser.”
	“And Cindy hates her former friend, Brandy,” I added. “Cindy hates when she can’t control someone.”  
	Will slumped further down in his chair. “But I love her!”
	Right then we were interrupted as Eddy yelled, “Ay Louie, did you bring me another slut to fuck?” Eddy stood on his porch, pissing over the edge. 
	For Louie and his niece Vicky were entering a truck, calling it a day. Vicky Desjardins worked for us during the summer, attending university the remainder of the year. The raven haired young lady, who stood four foot nine, was an amazing worker. She ran our confectionary with all the kids loving the gentle girl with the kindest of dark eyes. 
	“You’re a pig!” Louie stated.
	Eddy continued to do his disgusting business. “Just want the girl to see what I got in store for her.” Definitely, Eddy was taunting Louie. For Eddy’s jealousy was evident in regard to the success of the racetrack, and Louie was instrumental in that success.    
	“Apologize right now,” demanded Louie. “Or come down off that porch, and take your punishment.”
	“Fuck you!” Eddie finished, zipping up his pants. “Don’t waste my time beating up fat native midgets. But I do want to fuck your little niece!” He rubbed his crotch as he cackled.    
	Louie began to walk towards Eddy, clenching his fists. “Get down here you piece of trash.”
	“All right little man,” Eddy stepped off his porch. 
	Will and I had a front row seat. The good samaritan Will rose, wanting to intervene. I held his arm, “This has been coming for a long time.”
	“But Eddy’s a foot taller,” Will said with concern in his voice. For Will and Louie had become good buddies, teasing each other constantly, laughing, joking, playing cards or horseshoes on their breaks. Will called Louie, buffalo meat, for that was Louie’s favourite food. Louie called Will, sausage head, for that was Will’s dining delight.
	When the two combatants met half way, Eddy combed his hair, giving me the sign that his next move was to strike. True to form, Eddy took the first swing. That was the last for my brother as Louie dodged the punch. Whack! Thwack! Boom! Louie unleashed a flurry of punches that left Will and I speechless. Those lightening quick punches left Eddy sprawled out on the ground, cursing Louie. 
	“Apologize to my niece,” Louie commanded.
	“Fuck you!” Eddy spat out blood and a tooth.
	“I’m glad one of our girls gave you the worst kind of clap on purpose,” Thud! Louie stomped on Eddy’s hand, sparking a shriek that could be heard back at the native reservation. “Never touch one of our girls again.”
	“Fuck you,” shrieked Eddy. I thought what a fool my brother was.  
	Thud! Louie stomped on the other hand, another shriek filled the countryside. “I can do this all day. I want that apology.”
	This time Eddy choked out an apology, begging for mercy, balling like a baby.  
	“Stop crying,” ordered Louie. “You’re lucky it was me, cause if it were any one else in the band. Right now, they’d be cutting your nuts off!”

	“Pony rides gotta go,” Brandy stated on a gloomy day in late September 1977. 	
 We did it every year around this time. We discussed making improvements to each revenue stream along with adding new revenue streams. Except, this year Brandy laid out a different reality. She covered the revenue streams that were doing fantastic, such as the lodge, cafe, confectionary, campsites, snow removal, cottage maintenance and of course, the weed. Oh how we benefited from the green cash that marijuana generated. However, she covered how some revenue streams were not worth continuing.
	“Not giving away the pony,” Buddy said with pain in his voice.
	“We can keep Tinker Bell as a pet Buddy, but as a business line it takes too much time for the cash it generates.”
	“Aw Brandy!” Buddy sighed with disappointment. He scratched his head for a moment. “We should have real rides.”
	“What?” I asked. 
	Buddy slapped his head, starting to pace. “Oh, you know how they’ve got ‘em at like fairs and stuff.”
	Brandy rubbed her hands on her thighs. “You amaze me Buddy. When I first heard you say that, I thought, no way. Yet, what I heard so many kids tell me when they’d see that pony was they wished we had real rides.”
	“But that means insurance and a business licence,” I said. “No way we could dance around that.”
	“It’s time,” declared Brandy. “And that means we can charge for the racing, get a real liquor licence, and so on.” 
	“But no rides!” Will shook his head. “How much are those stupid merry-go-rounds to buy anyway?”
	“Umm, don’t know,” Buddy replied. “But we don’t have to go big. Look at how popular the go carts are now. We just started with two.”
	“We have money, and we have until the spring to prepare,” Brandy enjoyed a drink while her mind raced. “Let’s look into it!” 
	Buddy pounded Will on the back. “Come on Will.” 
	Will gave in. “Well, okay.” We all shared high fives and savoured in the potential new venture. “And Buddy can be our Donald Duck.”  
	Buddy laughed as he replied, “I’m more of a fucking Goofy!”
	Brandy cleared her voice, forming a steeple with her fingers. “Okay, guys, this will be a tough pill to swallow. The next thing to go is the greenhouse. The greenhouse now operating in Foam Lake hurts us, and our greenhouse requires way too much labour for what we get in return.”
	Will stood. Smack! He hammered the greenhouse counter. “I’m not giving it up. That’s what got us going.”
	“Let me show you.” Brandy guided Will through her numbers and logic, presenting the bitter reality. Over the past two and a half years it was incredible to witness the growth in Brandy’s leadership, the growth in her business knowledge and  the growth in her ability to think strategically. She carried on, ”Also, it’s time to move the confectionary from the front of the greenhouse, to its own building. There is a great spot on the other side of the lodge and cafe, much closer to the ball diamonds, campsites, racetrack and if we were to do any amusement rides.”
	“You mean build a separate building?” I inquired. 
	“Absolutely,” she replied. “Isn’t it exciting? Building the new confectionary that’ll have an area for an arcade.”
	Buddy slapped me on the back. “Hey, we’ll never get Pinball out of that place. And no more fucking sissy plants.” Buddy clapped his hands. “But the real shit rocks on. Power to the weed!” 
	For Buddy’s knowledge in regard to producing high grade weed continued to expand. He had Aunt Molly’s green thumb, only applying that magic touch in the growing of ever more exhilarating highs for any who enjoyed the results of his efforts.    
	“No damn way! We’re not giving up the greenhouse” Will stormed towards the door. “Cindy was right! The oldest should be in charge!”
Shouting broke out as two days later Shirley confronted Aunt Molly in the middle of the driveway. Brandy, Buddy and I witnessed the epic scene.   
	“How dare you tell my boyfriend’s parents I have terrible taste?” Shirley yelled.
	“Well, you do,” Aunt Molly replied. “Everything you do in that house is an ugly yellow.”
	Shirley threw her hands in the air. “Beats your  crappy colour scheme.”
 	“Their both fucking colour blind,” Buddy muttered.
	“And you told them I am a messy housekeeper,” Shirley said while shaking her fist.
	Aunt Molly snorted, holding her nose in the air. “Well, you are.”
	Brandy chuckled and whispered, “Their about equal when it comes to cleanliness.”
	“They’re about equal when it comes to eating too,” Buddy added.
	“Don’t you raise your fist at me,” ordered Aunt Molly.
	Shirley continued to step closer to her aunt, fist gyrating. “Don’t tell me what to do. And you told my boyfriend’s parents I’m an awful mother.”
	Aunt Molly wagged her finger at her niece. “That kid of yours is gonna get hurt the way you let him run wild.”  
	That waving fist of Shirley’s was getting awfully close to Aunt Molly’s face. “What about the way you treated Will all these years? No wonder Cindy had the pushover under her thumb.” Thankfully, last night we were able to sit down with Will, getting him to agree to closing the greenhouse ensuring no hard feelings, ensuring he try to put Cindy’s comments into perspective, ensuring he try to forget all about the two timing girl.   
	Now Aunt Molly raised her fist in response. “You shut up about Will.”
	“And you shut up about my kid,” Shirley screamed.
	Buddy shouted, “If you two raging cows need a ref for your heavy weight bout. I’m here.” 
	The two angry ladies glared at each other, sweat streaming off both, heavy breathing coming from both and nostrils flaring on both. 
	“Should we intervene?” I asked.
	“Not a chance,” Buddy answered. “This will beat any World Wrestling rumble. Just go get me popcorn, lots of butter.” 
	“And then you told them I don’t know how to dress,” said Shirley who was still wearing a ripped nightgown in the middle of the afternoon.
	“Look at you.” Aunt Molly laughed. “How are you gonna keep your Ice Maker?”
	That was a sensitive topic for Shirley as her man seemed to be losing interest lately. I thought right there, Buddy would get his wish for a world class bout. Was this relationship between aunt and niece over after a two and a half year cease fire period?
	Then Brandy stepped in. “Ladies, I have a fresh apple pie and pumpkin pie cooling and now ready to sample. Come on over to the cafe for a friendly treat.” Both their eyes lit up, both smacked their lips. 
	“And I’ve got plenty of whipped cream, ice cream and chocolate sprinkles to go on top,” Brandy added. “Along with unlimited Pepsi on ice.” 
	Well, that did it. Quickly, the two combatants shared a makeup hug, and they began waddling toward the cafe arm in arm. Clearly, the hostile situation was defused by the ladies love of food. 
	“Ah, shit no fight,” Buddy said. “Although those two pies will just be a sample. Those two cows will suck them pies up in ten-seconds flat.” 

	Whack! Whack! Two loud cracks filled the night air on a full moon in October 1977. Buddy and Louie dropped to the ground. From the greenhouse, Will and I witnessed both collapsing in a heap. Thwack! Thwack! We watched a second tire iron blow rain down on each man.  
	Will and I ran from the Greenhouse, snatching up a gun hidden under the counter, placed there after the biker gang visit. Bang! Will fired a warning shot in the air, neither culprit moved. Whack! Whack! They struck again with more ferocity.
	They were about to unleash another tire iron blow at a helpless Buddy and Louie. Bang! Will fired again. He drilled one of them in the shoulder, filling the night with a man’s scream, sending the two, or maybe there was a third, scurrying away in the dark. 
	We reached Buddy and Louie, both out cold, blood oozing from their wounds. We heard the distant sounds of motorcycles starting and fleeing. However, our main concern right there was the health of the two victims. 

	Two hours later the grave faced doctor walked into the Foam Lake Hospital waiting room, addressing Uncle Gord, Aunt Molly, Will, Brandy and myself waiting anxiously. “Both men suffered serious injuries. Buddy will be in a great deal of pain and hospitalized for at least two months . However, Louie’s head injuries took his life.”    

	One week later Brandy,  Will and I attended a native burial ceremony for Louie Desjardins. All week we carried tremendous guilt for Louie’s death and Buddy’s injuries. We talked extensively of shutting the entire operation down. Had we gone too far? Was it time to end the business?  
	Except when we broached the subject with Buddy yesterday he stated, “Are you crazy? I love that place. And Louie said it was the best time of his life working there. He said his proudest moment was when you gave him Roughrider season tickets as an extra special bonus.” 
	Now Louie, Buddy and I enjoyed our own special bond, and that binding bond was the weed. Both through the growing of the cannabis, and once a month, the three of us did a power high session. I gave Brandy and Will credit they never touched the stuff, but Buddy and I joined the more frequent user, Louie, on the first Saturday of each month for our blast off ritual. We toked and ate Louie’s specially baked brownies; baking our minds until visions came and went; words were barely being spoken and comprehended; and all sessions wound up with a raid of the cafe kitchen and confectionary. Also, each session involved a long sense stimulating soak. In the summer, we went for a dip in the lake, in the winter, we spent our stoned time in the hot tub. In both cases, being totally absorbed by the moving and ever changing water, wondering why we looked and felt like prunes the next day.     
	As we stood through the ceremony, I felt a lump in my throat as I learned even more about Louie’s life. Highly regarded in the band, highly regarded within his family as his niece Vicky delivered an emotional speech, all a part of the sacred ceremony. When we were about to leave, Vicky and her father made their way over to us, sharing consoling hugs. Vicky’s father was the brother of Louie who also worked at our operation. He was our second employee behind Louie and every bit as loyal to us as his deceased brother. 
	Vicky dried her eyes. “Louie loved you guys so much!”         
	“And we loved Louie.” Brandy gave Vicky another hug. “We are so sorry!”
	“Louie became a better man when he started working for you guys,” Vicky said. “And he felt so proud when you named him Assistant Race Director.” 
	Will shook his head in denial. “I’m gonna miss that man.” 
	“Will, he considered you a true friend,” said Vicky as she wiped her tears. 
	“Can’t believe he was killed,” Will muttered. 
	“Neither can the band,” said Louie’s brother with a stern tone. “This is the start of a major war!”
	“Papa no!” Vicky said with concern.
	“Damn right Vicky, the next time that biker gang comes round the Babchuk place. Our entire band shows up with guns cocked.”



 TWELVE


	“Going home!” Buddy raised his hands skyward as he made his way out the hospital front door on January 1, 1978. The doctor refused to release Buddy until he was sure his popular patient had fully recovered. We all missed Buddy. There was something missing when the guy wasn’t around, joking, teasing and asking his dumb questions. 
	However, the broad shouldered Buddy received plenty of attention and excellent care in the hospital. For there were a stream of young nurses, candy stripers and female visitors filtering in and out of his hospital room. They fluffed up his pillow, checking on his pain level, ensuring the recovery of the handsome patient as they flirted endlessly.     
	Also, with Louie gone and Buddy in the hospital, we all did double duty to keep up. The weed was the particular challenge. Between myself and Louie’s brother we managed to ensure the plants continued to produce but missed Buddy’s expertise. 
	As we escorted Buddy out of the hospital door on that New Year's Day, a brand new red mustang posed seductively in front of him. “Nice car,” Buddy muttered. “Love one like that someday.”
	“Really!” Brandy giggled. “Then I guess that day has come.”
	She slapped the keys in his hand. “You can sit in it, but I’m driving you home. You’re not well enough.”
	Buddy performed his excited dance. “Damn right I’m well enough!”

	“More bloody junk,” Pa grumbled as a semi truck pulled up in the driveway carrying amusement rides on a cold day in February 1978. Brandy negotiated a great deal with a small carnival operation in Winnipeg, Manitoba that sold out. We purchased three and a half rides, one needed to be creatively altered to make it operational. 
	Excitedly, I raced through my homework all morning, knowing the rides would arrive around noon. I now ate lunch, as Pa and Eddy who woke up at noon, joined me at the kitchen table, ruining my appetite as they brought their host of sickly odours with them. 
	Eddy puffed on a smoke. “Another dumb plan. You losers failed at the greenhouse. You’ll fail at this ride idea.”
	Pa sat in his long underwear, scratching his pride and joy. “Failure’s all you kids do across the road.”  
	“Ay Pa, you got that right, none of these clowns know anything about business,” said Eddy with his thick air of condescension. “Especially, that Brandy.” 
	“Besides talk Eddy, what’ve you ever done in the business world?” I asked while glaring daggers at my brother. 
	Eddy gulped, refusing to answer.
	“Exactly,” I continued. “It is called focusing our resources. The greenhouse played a critical roll in our startup phase, but it was time to move on.”
	“Think you’re so smart.” Thud! Eddy kicked the leg of the chair. “If you’re so fucking smart, why are you being led by a stupid girl?” 
	“That girl has more business savvy in her little finger,” I said. “Than you got in your entire booze soaked body.” 
Smack! Eddy struck the table. ”Don’t think cause you’re taller then me, that I can’t still kick your ass.”
	“You mean the way you kicked Louie’s ass before he was killed?” I said with a grin. 
	“Fuck you Pinball!” A peeved Eddy clinched his fist.
	“Know your place Pinball,” Pa ordered. “Just cause you bought yourself that brand new Datsun.”
	“Fucking foreign car,” Eddy spat on the floor. 
	“Gets great gas mileage,” I defended.  
	“Stupid cassette sound system,” Eddy scoffed. “8-track player’s the only way.” 
	“Yeah, like the way it chewed up your new Bay City Rollers 8-track,” I teased. 
	“I hate you!”  Splat! Eddy threw a glass of water at me. “I’ll kill you one day.” For Eddy’s animosity skyrocketed when I pulled up in that practical, yet sporty, new vehicle.    
	I rose slowly, wiping my face. “I know I’ll never be able to positively identify the scum that night.” I leaned over and grabbed Eddy by the shirt, pulling him to his feet, my voice thick with emotion, “But my gut says you were one of the pricks swinging the tire irons!”

	It was early March 1978 as Brandy shed a few tears and muttered, “Mr. Walters is such a jerk!” 
	This morning she met with our lawyer in Wynyard to discuss tax issues. She arrived back rattled. We sat alone in the empty greenhouse. It felt strange having no plants growing, no generator running.    
	We had begun the assembly of the four amusement rides. Struggling with what to do with the one requiring a creative solution to become operational. Until one day Brandy suggested a totally out of the box idea, which the mechanically inclined Buddy went to work on.  
	The other project that was occupying a number of workers was the construction of sturdy wooden stands around the race track with the idea of also hosting events in the middle of that track. The first on the list was July 1 - 5 of this year, the first annual Fishing Lake rodeo was scheduled. The other event was the Saskatchewan stock car finals were to be held on our newly upgraded asphalt racetrack on the first weekend of August. If we could pull off both events, the Babchuk operation would volt into an entirely new league.      
	Brandy balled up her fists as she continued, “The jerk placed his hand on my knee, saying, your secrets are safe with me as long as you co-operate.  Then he slipped his hand up my thigh.” 
	The public image Mr. Walters portrayed was that of a loving and devoted husband; doting father to his four children; upstanding citizen; pillar of the community; righteous man and head parishioner in the local church. Obviously, the lowlife was nothing like the public image he painted. 
	“What did you do?”
	“I happen to have car keys in my hand. Let’s just say he won’t be writing clearly for a few days.” She smacked her forehead. “But we’re in trouble!”

	That April of 1978, a visitor stayed at our house that changed the course of all our lives. My Uncle Pete from Vancouver held court at both Babchuk homes. Clearly, he went between the two homes, stirring the feud, stirring the pot, spreading little tidbits that would push blood pressures higher.   
	The grey haired Uncle Pete showed tremendous interest in our operations, asking questions of Brandy, dishing out endless quantities of advice. Later I realized this pompous man knew very little about business or much else for that matter. Except at the time, he was from the big city, and I thought he must be wise. Until, for the first time, he spoke directly to me in his cynical tone, “Listen up Pinball, you might think you’ll amount to something, but.” He shook his head, waving his hand as if I were nothing. “You’re just like your dead mother.”
	In addition, Uncle Pete insisted we show him proper patriarchal respect, demanding we address him as Sir. For he was the eldest of all the adult Babchuk children, with Uncle Mike next in line, then Uncle Gord, and my Pa was the youngest of the group of ten.  
	I studied my languid Pa and Uncle Pete sitting on our porch as the grandstands rose, as the final touches were put on the new confectionary and as the amusement rides took shape. They seemed transfixed with the magnitude of what we were undertaking. They shook their heads in disbelief at certain times, shaking their heads in disgust at other times. 
	Brandy and I were busy dealing with forms, and a new lawyer to facilitate the purchase of the appropriate business licences and insurance. Still no word from Mr. Walters, but we knew some surprise was headed our way. All we could do was to be as clean and by the book as possible. Except, we were unsure of how much the slime ball lawyer truly knew?  
	One particular evening while drinking and dining around Pa’s kitchen table, Uncle Pete made a pronouncement to Pa, Eddy, Shirley and myself, “Listen up, after talking to Brandy about their business, as head of this entire family I have determined, she’s over her head.”
	Pa, Shirley  and Eddy shouted, “Yes!” 
	“No girl should be in charge anyway,” Eddy said with Pa and Shirley backing him up.
	“Very true Eddy,” Uncle Pete agreed as he held up his hands for complete silence. “And that business operation on the other side of this driveway can be ours. And I know how to get it!”   

	The song, ‘No Time’ by The Guess Who, played while Brandy and I worked alone in the cafe the following day. I briefed Brandy on the statement the conniving Uncle Pete delivered. I was well aware that the scheming Uncle Pete wanted me to relay his message to Uncle Gord’s family. The man never returned to visit on Uncle Gord’s side of the driveway. It was as if the battle lines were drawn, exactly the way he wanted them. With Uncle Pete, we decided all we could do was continue to drive the business, watching for a surprise attack. 
	“Every possible grad party is booked!” Brandy filled in her planner. “I never dreamed.”
	“And the rides will be up and going for many of those parties,” I added. “And the silly design for our odd ball ride may be crazy enough to interest partying grads.”
	“Thank goodness we have insurance. Man, that cost us.”
	“Okay Brandy, when are we going to face it? The weed must move or be shut down.”
	She put her head in her hands and mumbled, “If we can only get  through the year, it funds so much.”
	I leaned in, touching my cousin’s hand reassuringly. “We’ve been so lucky. Our slick little operation has worked like a charm.” We dropped once a week. Our buyer dropped cash in another spot once a month. Most important, our ravine, which only Louie had located accidentally, was tucked away safe and secure. Except, Snake had been aware we were producing, and I knew we were flirting with danger.
	“Oh, just a little longer,” Brandy pleaded. 
	For our mood altering weed pocketed us major cash as the demand for that CC, Canadian Cannabis, rocked with our American friends over the border. Our buyer pushed us continually to expand, grow more, Buddy was the only one interested. The man mastered the art of producing a powerful line of high quality stuff, and his passion for his craft was admirable.   
	“And you know ever since Officer Thompson got the message you weren’t interested, he’s been as eager as his Sergeant to nail us on something.”
	“Such an arrogant jerk!” 
	Brandy had told me the story how he picked her up one afternoon in his police car. He drove to Winyard where ten minutes into their first friendly coffee, Officer Thompson revealed he had a fiancee in Edmonton, Alberta. Then he demanded they go screw in his car. Informing her that she would be lucky to do a hunk like himself. Brandy called her Dad to come and pick her up after she stormed out of the Winyard cafe, leaving Officer Thompson speechless. 
	With her success, Brandy was overcoming her feelings of insecurity in regard to a boyfriend, and the pressure her friends and community  placed on her to have one of those masculine toys. The nose scrunching was lessening somewhat when the jabs were sent her way. She dated of course, having lots of fun, but nothing serious for she was super busy. She was determined to make something of herself, enjoy her independence, not falling into the boyfriend pitfall, not letting her identity revolve around a man, being strong enough to walk out on an ass like Officer Thompson.
	A purple haired Kelly slipped into our cafe right then, adorned in a flashy bright yellow shirt. “Hi guys,” he greeted us as he dropped down at our table. “How do you like?” He touched his shirt with a theatrical flare.
	“Breathtaking as always,” complemented Brandy. Frequently, the chatterbox Kelly ventured out to visit us. If no Cindy in sight, he was like a completely different person. A good friend to Brandy, a good person and a good laugh. Except, if queen bee Cindy burst on the scene, Kelly wilted into someone else. 
	“I’ve got yummy gossip,” Kelly said in his high pitch excitement. “I saw Will and our bitchy Cindy back all kiss and cuddles last night.” He rolled his eyes. “But the juiciest part, the night before, I saw our Cindy in a compromising position with Officer Thompson in his police car.”  

	I heard the loud rumble of the bikes in the middle of May 1978. The day we all dreaded was here. This time, it sounded like an endless army invading. I called the police, scurrying over to Brandy’s house to strategize, listening to Pa and Eddy’s raucous laughter directed at me as I departed. 
	“Everyone stay inside,” Brandy ordered as Will and Buddy loaded their guns. Uncle Gord positioned himself by the window, rifle barrel poking out, ready for action.
	“Yo Buddy, we know you’re in there,” Rocky shouted from the exact same spot he sat on the road once before. 
	“I’m not going down without a fight,” Buddy ranted.
	Aunt Molly screeched, “Buddy, you’re not going out there.”
	Buddy rubbed his head as he did anytime he needed to think hard. “But if they want me.” He raised his gun. “They’ll get me.”
	I raced upstairs to get a better look. “Don’t go anywhere for now,” I yelled over all the frantic talk. “Something is going on.” I stared out the window, spotting a cavalcade of vehicles. “Holy shit! There are literally hundreds of band members converging on the bikes from all sides.”
	“Let me go see!” Buddy demanded.
	I scampered down stairs, shaking my head. “We’ll need cool heads out there, or a war will erupt.”
	Brandy took charge. “Pinball and I are going out there, no one else. Dad, pull that gun in from the window.”
	She marched out the door, determination in her eyes, shouting back, “Cause if a war starts, our business will be trashed, and we’ll be dead.”

	Brandy and I made this walk previously. However, this time there were dozens of natives joining us, with literally hundreds surrounding the sixty bikers trapped on the road. Each native carried a gun, knife, stick or some sort of weapon, staying well back from the bikers. Yet, leaving no doubt the bikers had no way out. I realized how many of these folks I called friends, either as employees of ours as the majority of our staff came from the native band. Or as loyal customers who enjoyed one or more of our services. 
	As I approached Rocky, I saw fear in his eyes as he brandished a pistol in his hand. The other thing I noticed was that a gloomy Darcy sat on the back of Gunner’s bike with another girl perched proudly on Rocky’s hog. A shame faced Darcy looked down when I caught her eye. She had been demoted in the biker world.
	When we walked up to Rocky, Vicky and her father joined us. An eery silence covered the entire area. I gazed around spotting many more natives than I originally thought. No wonder Rocky fidgeted like a school boy on his first date.
	“Rocky,” said Vicky. “I have been chosen to speak for my people.”
	“Yo boys!” Rocky puffed out his massive chest. “Fucking Indians have a little squaw talking for them.” A nervous chuckle arose from the bikers.    
	Brandy whispered softly to the biker leader. “I’d be very careful with each word.” She looked around. “There are a ton of guns pointed directly at your head. One more stupid comment, and that head will be no longer.”
	Rocky stiffened. “Okay, okay what is it?” 
	“Did you kill my Uncle?” Vicky asked.
	Rocky swallowed hard a couple of times. “Ah, I know nothing about your Uncle.” Bang! A bullet kicked up dust between Rocky’s humongous feet. He stumbled back, waving his gun like a madman. “I’ll shoot the next fucker who does that.”
	“I’ll ask again,” Vicky spoke in a calm tone. “Did your people kill my Uncle?” I was amazed at the courage of this girl. For a shy kind hearted person, she showed incredible composure under the circumstances.
	Rocky stammered, “Look, look Buddy started this thing by killing Snake.” 
	I stepped forward, sweat pouring from every part of my body. “Let’s cut the crap. I was there. Snake came at him with a knife.” 
	“Not how our code works,” yelled Gunner. 
	“I don’t care about some mid evil barbaric code that makes no sense,” Vicky said. “Because if I did, like most of our band members do, you’d be dead already. Do you understand?”
	Rocky stared in confusion. “Umm, not sure.”
	Darcy spoke up, “Cause they’d have already mowed us down for killing Louie.”
	Rocky guffawed. “So, you’re not gonna get back at us? Yo boys, no problem.” 
	Bang! Another shot kicked up dirt between Rocky’s feet. 
	“Listen to me very carefully.” Vicky pointed her finger at Rocky who towered almost two feet higher then her. “If you stop this stupid idea of revenge killing. Meaning you leave Buddy and his family alone. Then we walk away from here.”
	“Can’t do that!” Gunner shouted.
	Vicky took a step forward. “However, if you insist. We will take our revenge for Louie, and that means.”
	Bang! A bullet took a beer can out of Gunner’s hand.
	“Fuck,” the biker screamed. 
	“You have ten-seconds to decide,” Vicky shouted for all to hear.
	“You losers are so uncool!” Darcy bellowed. “It’s over!” She slipped off Gunner’s bike, running toward me, giving me a hug. “I’m done with this biker shit!”
	“Hey bitch!” Gunner took a stride towards Darcy, lifting his hand to strike. “You’re mine.” 
	Bang! A bullet took his hat off. He froze. 
	“What’s it going to be Rocky? My people’s trigger fingers are getting itchy.” Vicky stepped up even closer to him, her nose wrinkled at Rocky’s horrid smell. “Be a man and walk away with lives in tact.” She glowered at him. “And if you have any plans to come back to finish the job, we’ll hunt you down like the dogs you are.”  
	“Hey Rocky, Maybe time to ride,” whispered Gunner to his leader.
	Rocky seemed to panic in that moment of indecision. He assumed that crazed look, pointing his gun at Vicky’s head as he smiled. “Bitch!”
	Bang!  A bullet took the big man right between the eyes, for Darcy slipped a pistol out of her leather jacket, killing Rocky dead with one shot.
	“Ay, he was about to kill her! Gunner, get out of here,” she ordered. “It’s over, and you know it!”
	Gunner sighed with disgust. “Let’s ride, and we’re not coming back.”



THIRTEEN


	Opening day of the amusement rides was the third weekend of May 1978. We never dreamed the line ups would be as long, and the reaction as positive. Rubber ball turned out to be the star of the weekend. That was the name we christened our redesigned ride with a full bottle of Pepsi. During our tests, I rode that ride until I threw up repeatedly. Minor glitches  were worked out, but all in all we were in the amusement park business. Best of all, we built humongous signs at our entrances welcoming people to ‘Babchuk World’.     
	We now ran a real legal entity. We were a real business with a real logo, and yes we gave into Buddy’s demand, having a real mascot. An adorable beaver costume, and for that first day Buddy performed in the snuggly suit. He was a total hit.
	That Beaver outfit launched Babchuk World’s first and only game of chance. We had ordered a number of large stuffed animals in our novel beaver design. Will and I were goofing around one day and we attempted to toss tiny wood chips into the stuffed beaver’s partially opened mouth. 
	Will laughed, tossing another wood chip and missed. “This would make a great game for Babchuk world.”
	That statement launched a series of activity that resulted in us opening our ‘Wood chip toss’ booth on opening day. Crazy were the line ups to try and win the giant beaver. Seldom would anyone win the big cuddly animal, but that never stopped anyone from putting down their money. 
	The only individual in our group, who ever tossed that winning wood chip, was Brandy, and she did it on numerous occasions. She often demonstrated the feat to crowds in order to show the difficult task could be accomplished. For her eye hand co-ordination rocked as she’d drop two or three in a row, sparking applause from the amazed onlookers.   
	Another satisfying aspect to the weekend was that Darcy danced in our fully licensed bar. She too, mesmerized all onlookers. 
	It was a stressful time following Rocky’s shooting. The Police arrived after all parties had departed. Before they showed up, we cleaned up all spent gun shells, and fortunately, the sighting of the large number of bikers, natives and sound of gunfire chased any potential witnesses away. 
	All that remained from the shooting was a little of Rocky’s blood as the biker gang hauled the dead body off. The blood being explained away by a none stop nose bleed from one of the bikers. Everyone questioned, shrugged their shoulders, claiming that only a friendly discussion unfolded, and all was well. Oh, and the reported gunfire was merely some harmless target practice. 
	The full of himself Officer Thompson interrogated Brandy  relentlessly. Sergeant Miller went after Darcy and myself with as much voracity. I counted fifteen times he altered his hat during my interrogation. His unconscious habit seemed to be growing each time he questioned me. The two focussed cops stormed off frustrated, swearing and determined to nail us for something in the future.
	Officer Thompson shoved me aside before departing. “I’m hearing some nasty rumours I don’t like.” 
	I wore my blank face. “Cindy has a tendency to lie.” Then I smiled knowingly. “But she can be very convincing.”   
	“Prick!” Smack! He punched me hard in the ribs. “Soon I’ll nail your ass.” Smack! He delivered a second shot for good measure. “And years of jail await a punk like you.”

	“Oh Sir, you are so funny.” Brandy laughed playfully as her and I sat with a Canada Tax Agent in early June 1978. This personal visit we felt was a direct result of Mr. Walters. We beat him to the punch on one hand as before he created a fuss about our business licences, we had them all on the up and up. 
	However, on a second point, the federal tax department, the vengeful Mr. Walters left his mark. This young agent informed us that more than one complaint occurred. Except, one particular complaint from a prominent citizen and legal figure in the area escalated our file to the personal visit stage. 
	The Canada Tax Man sipped at his Pepsi while staring wide eyed at a stunning Brandy. She dressed to the nines, beautiful chic silk outfit, matching accessories, hair perfectly styled, truly breathtaking. The pencil neck intern was putty in the classy and graceful girls hands. 
	For there was a slutty seduction method which my sister Darcy ruled at, and then there was a sophisticated style of charming a man that the naturally elegant Brandy was second to none. For a final touch, she utilized a subtle, yet hypnotic perfume to enhance her overall effect. This left the stammering taxman distracted and discombobulated.        
	“Let me run you through the figures,” Brandy said in her sweet voice as she tapped the nervous young man ever so lightly on the arm. “And please give me any tips, I’m not as knowledgable as you.”
	I thought the acne faced geek’s brains would burst as a perfect ten paid him this type of attention. I was positive he’d have received training to handle this type of female persuasion, but that training flew out the window the minute a composed Brandy smiled at the helpless guy. That earth shattering smile caused him to fall all over himself even more, after he spilled the Pepsi Brandy served him. Continually, he apologized for his clumsiness, begging for Brandy’s forgiveness and approval.   
	Brandy then took the young fellow through her logic, and the accounting and tax system she created. Extremely impressive described the manner in which she was setting up the newly formed company. Masterfully, she apologized for any missing information or oversights before the legal entity was formed. My jaw dropped when the trembling man with eyes glued to Brandy’s shapely legs said in his nasal voice, “Oh, oh not to worry Brandy. You’ve tried your best. Let’s just make sure going forward we do everything correctly.”
	“And will you be available for me to ask your advice?” Brandy brushed a lock of her hair back as she inquired with a teasing wink. 
	Finally, the man looked up from her legs, staring at her breasts, wire rimmed glasses steaming, muttering anxiously, “Any time Brandy, any time!”

	“Buddy’s rolled!” I hollered as Will and I ran for his overturned car on the side of the track in mid June 1978. 
	Buddy was determined to race once in his life. Sure enough, he did it, much to Aunt Molly and Brandy’s objections. He talked a regular driver into borrowing him a car. We watched the race unfold. Buddy ran in third place, until he made his move, losing control. All that went through my mind when I looked at the overturned car, if he lived, how long in the hospital this time?
	We were some of the first to arrive. We worked hard to pull Buddy out of the car. People yelling at him, attempting to garner some response. Many of the frantic onlookers were concerned young girls, weeping and praying their muscular stud would survive. 
	As we eased the tall Buddy out, his eyes fluttered. “Holy fuck! That was more fun than the Rubber Ball!”

	By the last day of June 1978, the amusement rides ranked top three in our list of revenue streams. People cruised from hundreds of miles to enjoy the thrills and spills. Shifting our focus from the greenhouse to the rides worked like a charm.  
	As well, we hired a male belly dancer to complement the superstar Darcy. Coincidentally, Kelly seemed to show up on those nights the male dancer gyrated. Actually, the reason the hiring occurred was that at the end of one of Darcy’s sets one evening, Buddy performed a lively jig in that comical manner which got all the female softball players going wild as well as Kelly. Brandy turned to me right there and then, saying, “We’re getting a male dancer.” 
	It was booming times for us as our club and cafe were packed each night. Even Donald J. Anderson from the Golf Course paraded over to our cafe occasionally to enjoy Darcy’s set and a plate of Ukrainian food, which he eagerly inhaled, and I ensured the free loader never paid for. Even though, I knew he continued to plot and scheme to bring us down. 
	Each time, I watched Donald savouring our delicious food, but I could tell he fought to enjoy anything about our operation. Except, I heard him moaning in delight with each mouthwatering bite as well as each glance at Darcy wiggling and jiggling through her scintillating routine. I saw it in his lusting eyes, he wished the blonde dished out lap dances for dessert. 
	He called me over to his table, beckoning me to sit. “Pinball, I possess critical information that will destroy Babchuk World.”
	Right then Brandy burst into the cafe. “Pinball, guess who’s coming to visit the Rubber Ball?” She raced to our table, hugging me in her excitement. “Disneyland!”

	July 1, 1978, and the rodeo was about to rock, Babchuk World jammed to the max, all operations working flat out. Over 100 people worked for us on that particular weekend, many of them from the native band.   
	Cowboys and cowgirls flocked in from western Canada and the United States to get their hands on the lucrative prize money. Brandy went generous, wanting to make this first year rodeo a hit. Along with those cowgirls and cowboys came horses, bulls, steers, cows and even sheep for the kids to ride. Except, with all these animals came more droppings than our grounds ever experienced, forcing us naive rodeo organizers to hire a spur of the moment shit cleanup crew.   
	The amusement rides posed ready to thrill including our pride and joy, Rubber Ball. Our main ride attraction was ready to do its first run of the day at noon. Lines were long, excitement in the air, Buddy scampered up to Brandy and I with a sack in his hand. We were about to welcome the Disney folks. Buddy shepherded us to the side and whispered, “This was jammed into the Rubber Ball machinery. Would’ve killed everyone on the first run.” Buddy pulled out a large wrench. 



FOURTEEN


	The visit from the Disney officials unfolded beautifully. Rubber Ball turned out to be a smash hit in their eyes. Thankfully, the Disney people never learned of the planted wrench, and the delay we incurred from the sabotage attempt never phased them. Oddly, they enjoyed our mascot. Especially, when they witnessed Buddy working the crowd in the loveable beaver suit.
	Except, I do believe that the true highlight occurred on the evening of July 1, 1978, when Will and Buddy ran the Canada birthday fire works display. The two decided to go big, purchasing the mega fireworks which they had never launched before. 
	Bang! Boom! Bang! Thunderous noise jolted eardrums, multicoloured flashes of light filled the prairie sky, laughter and screams of terror sounded from the onlookers along with swearing from the launchers. For some of the fireworks went off close to the ground, some went off much later, some never went off, and two went off while on the ground with Buddy and Will diving for cover. Thankfully, all fans were well back. Thankfully, Will and Buddy suffered no injuries, basking in the standing ovation from the exuberant crowd.
	At the end of the day, the Disney leader turned to Brandy and invited her and a guest to an all expense paid five day mini vacation and tour of Disneyland in Anaheim, California.

	Unfortunately, the acts of sabotage continued for on the opening day of the Saskatchewan Stock Car Race in August 1978, a pile of shit was dumped in front of the cafe in the middle of the night. On top of that, a bag of nails were scattered on the racetrack. Frantically, we scrambled to rectify the situation with added help called in from the native band. As always, they responded famously. Except, who was doing this right under our noses?      
	Of course, Eddy stood top of my list. One week ago I viewed him studying the poster advertising the mega event. I knew the exact moment when he read the line that stated Buddy was the Race Director. He swore for all to hear, cursing Buddy up and down, ripping that poster into shreds, throwing the small pieces of paper in the air. Only to have a gust of wind slam those tiny irritating fragments right back in his face. 
	Also, I had looked over at our porch five minutes after discovering the  pile of shit by the cafe. Pa, Eddy and Shirley laughed and whooped it up as we scrambled to address the crisis. Except, one other jerk hung with them. The manipulating Uncle Pete was back from Vancouver, firing up the anger towards Brandy’s family. The smug look and smile he graced us with told me he pulled the strings behind whoever did this act, and the wrathful man wanted us to know that. For he yelled, “Listen up, you’re all out of your league.”   
	Although, the highlight for myself over that weekend occurred next. The crude Eddy waved smugly as he urinated off his porch as usual. I spotted a gang of wasps hovering over him. Suddenly, Eddy began hopping about, grasping his goods, screaming and begging for God to save him and his private parts.  

	“Grandma is in jail!” Brandy yelled at me in early September 1978. “Pinball, let’s go!”
	The acts to destroy Uncle Gord’s family continued, but they unfolded in a different manner. This time it was directed at Aunt Molly’s mother. For Brandy’s Grandma took in elderly boarders, and they would live in her spare bedroom. The malicious rumour floating around Foam Lake was that she kept or swindled all the boarder’s cash after their suspicious deaths.
	Within a half an hour we sat across from Brandy’s Grandma cowering and weeping in a Foam Lake jail cell. The same cell Buddy spent his time in, and I swear the lingering odour of Buddy’s gas still remained after all this time. “I don’t know what they’re talking about,” the elderly lady admitted. 
	I touched the distraught woman on the shoulder comfortingly. “Sergeant Miller explained you’re charged with theft and abuse.”
	She withered and gasped. “But I didn’t.”
	“Don’t worry Grandma, we’ll get the best lawyer money can buy,” promised Brandy. “We’ll also get you out on bail.”
	As we walked out the door of the Police Station, Officer Thompson whispered as he frowned at Brandy. “I wanted to charge the old bag with murder.” He then muttered while clinching his fist. “I’m not done with you. No woman turns me down!”

	Brandy and I sat across from each other on a break in the cafe in late September 1978 when I warned her, “You know you can’t tell her a thing. Gabriela twists it around.”
	“No way, she’s harmless,” Brandy laughed dismissively. “She’s always been like that, but underneath she’d do anything for me. That’s why I’m taking her to Southern California with me. She was so excited when I told her. She’s such a good friend.”
	“Don’t tell her too much as her boss, Mr. Walters has it in for you.”
	“Oh not to worry, Gabriela hates him as well.”
	I drank from my Pepsi bottle, thinking of how to approach the sensitive Gabriela issue, but felt I would be better off talking about something else for a minute. “Thank goodness we got your Grandma’s charges dropped.”
	“Thompson’s a conceited ass.” Brandy straightened in her chair. “At least, that lawyer we hired did make him and Miller look like fools.” 
	“Seemed to piss Thompson off even more. He stopped me yesterday after school. Complaining that a kid in the twelfth grade shouldn’t be driving that nice of a car. He also ripped me hard for the stock car accident on the track last weekend, going on about our safety standards. Going on about how a woman shouldn’t be running Babchuk World.” 
	“The ass won’t let up until he pays me back,” admitted Brandy. “So Pinball, where are you going next year?”
	“University of Saskatchewan, if I get in.”
	“What am I gonna do without you here?”
	“You’ll do great Brandy. But I worry with all the people who want us put out of commission.” 
	In pranced Kelly with multi coloured hair and a multi coloured shirt that hurt my eyes. “Hi guys!” He executed a full turn for our benefit and final modelling pose. “Well, what do you think?”
	“Adorable!” Brandy flattered the guy who had such a high need for approval. “Always perfectly put together.”
	Kelly planted himself in his usual spot. I saw Officer big muscles Thompson patrolling this area. All the girls think he’s dreamy in his tight fitting uniform.  
	All I could think of was when would Kelly come out of the closet? Brandy and I discussed more than once, the best thing for Kelly was to move to a larger city to find himself. 
	Kelly then carried on, hands waving with his next item of Foam Lake gossip. “As you always say Brandy, isn’t it exciting? The way Gabriela got a modelling shoot in California, and she’s taking you along to carry her bags.”

	An early morning in October 1978 when four police cars screeched to a stop in the driveway, officers leaping out with drug sniffing dogs, guns drawn. Quickly, they rounded up Will, Brandy, Buddy and myself while the officers combed through our operation.  
	I watched Uncle Pete, Pa, Eddy and Shirley on the porch, chuckling at our predicament. I spied a sneering Hilda Warden and a smug Donald J. Anderson across the highway. I thought hard abut the potential snitch, that list of candidates went on and on. One came off that list when Darcy strode out of the front door, proudly standing behind us.   
	The inscrutable Sergeant Miller addressed us while resetting his brand new police hat, “Finally, I’ll have you four right where I want you.” He checked his watch. “In a few minutes Officer Thompson will call me with the goods.”
	“What does he mean goods?” Buddy whispered to me.
	Buddy’s soft voice was a loud one, so the Sergeant responded, “I mean cannabis, you clown.”
	Buddy scratched his head, whispering in my ear again. “What’s cannabis?” For Buddy never heard us refer to the weed using that term. 
	“God your stupid Buddy,” said Sergeant Miller looking to the heavens in disgust. “Or you’re a hell of an actor.” 
	We stayed silent, sharing nervous glances. The time dragged on. We heard crashing and banging as this police team rummaged through the buildings on the property. 
	A stern faced Sergeant Miller grew more and more impatient. Finally, an officer stepped up to him and whispered, “Nothing here!”
	“As I figured,” said Sergeant Miller. “But when Officer Thompson and his team call me from the hidden ravine. Bet you fools didn’t know they snuck across your land earlier this morning to get there.” He flashed his wolf grin. “When that call comes, you four are done.” He laughed with a triumphant tone. “I got you criminals this time.”
	A crackling Officer Thompson’s voice sounded over the Sergeant’s walkie talkie, “Sergeant Miller! There’s nothing here!”  
	“Shit! Shit! Shit!” Sergeant Miller swore, losing all control, hurling his walkie talkie in the bush, whipping his hat off, throwing it on the ground, stomping on it repeatedly, revealing a bright shiny bald head.  

	“Will’s gone!” Brandy cried as she clutched at a note the day after the police raid. 
	“What do you mean?” Uncle Gord asked.
	A distraught Brandy read the note again, passing it to me. “Dad, he said he couldn’t stay here anymore after what happened with Cindy. He’s broken hearted.” She was not telling her Dad the entire story. 
	Thank goodness the police raid found nothing. However, Will took full responsibility for that raid. He admitted to me after the police stormed off, embarrassment flowing from every pore of his body, confessing he told Cindy about the hidden ravine in a moment of passion. She worked him good. Will became even more positive Cindy was the snitch after we informed him of what Kelly told us about her and Officer Thompson. 
	I assured Will that it could have been any number of folks, but certainly, Cindy was right up there on my list. Fortunately, Donald from the Golf Course passed me the timely tip, giving us the opportunity to remove all evidence. Grudgingly, he realized that his Golf Course benefited greatly from Babchuk World. There was no way he could have us go down. He even whispered to me on the side, “I may have underestimated the young lady’s talents. She does make an excellent leader.”     
	In addition, Donald had given us enough notice before the planned police raid, to sell our entire weed operation for a mind blowing amount to our buyer out of Yorkton. Our potent and popular cannabis was his best seller. No way he could stop that gravy train. When the two long nights of disassembling and transporting were over, all remnants of our illegal operation vanished. Major sighs of relief flowed from us, except for Buddy. For the unhappy grower hid himself a sizeable sack of those hardy cannabis seeds, just in case he ever got the itch to return to the business and ignite his agricultural passion.
	Uncle Gord then turned to us and asked matter a fact, “Did that big mouth Cindy squeal about our weed?”



 FIFTEEN


	“You kids have done a splendid job,” Aunt Maria raved in her throaty tone while chatting with Uncle Gord’s family minus Will, on Jan. 1, 1979. “I’ve heard all about Babchuk World.” 
	Aunt Maria enjoyed another sip of her straight vodka. She visited both families over the holiday season, lavishing big city presents on us, enchanting Brandy with big city stories, getting her even more excited about her upcoming trip to LA. Aunt Maria continued to encourage Brandy to move away from the farm and see the world, as well as encouraging her to venture to Toronto to visit her favourite aunt.        
	Aunt Maria executed an elongated wave of her lit cigarette. “Has no one heard from dear Will?” 
	“Not a word, and it’s already New Year's Day.” Uncle Gord shook his head slowly. “Maybe he’s never coming back.” 
	It was as if Will vanished into thin air. We absorbed the incredible amount of work which Will performed. We also missed the quiet and growing leadership he was providing to Babchuk World. Also, it left Brandy, Buddy and myself to weather the endless lectures from Uncle Gord and Aunt Molly about the stupidity of our former weed operation. Although, when we offered to turn ourselves in, they objected vehemently. 
	Aunt Molly flared her nostrils. “Damn rude of Will to up and leave like that!” 
	“His heart was broken,” said Brandy. “When he finally accepted Cindy was truly using him.” 
	Brandy defended Will continuously since he left. For at times, I questioned how much Aunt Molly and Uncle Gord missed Will, already making plans for his vacant bedroom. Aunt Molly wanted to turn the tiny room into an office for her to run the Wilf Carter fan club she was establishing. Clearly, Will ranked at the bottom of their pecking order, sparking Brandy’s protective nature toward her more sensitive brother, insisting his bedroom not be touched.   
	Aunt Molly scowled, squeezing her hands into fists. “How many times did the stupid fool forgive her before it finally sunk in?”
	“Shut the fuck up,” Buddy growled, clamping his hand over her mouth.   
	A crestfallen Brandy sighed with concern, “Never saw Will so low.” She worried about Will in his absence, confessing to me that she wished she would have handled her older brother differently in regard to slippery Cindy.  
	“This info may make Will a little happier,” I added. “I spied Cindy and an enraged Officer Thompson on Main Street having a fierce argument yesterday. But what I learned from Cindy’s brother could make Will much sadder. The scheming girl is pressuring Officer Thompson into marriage. Cindy’s claiming she’s carrying the Officer’s baby.”

	Boom! An explosion rocked the afternoon two days later as Pa and I ate at our kitchen table. We hurried outside to locate the ear damaging blast. The sight that greeted us was unbelievable as our goose barn lay in ruins, flat as a pancake, dust and goose feathers filling the sky. 
	Amazingly, Eddy staggered out of the smoke and rubble, dead goose in one hand. He looked as if he just walked out of hell, hair singed, blackened clothes and face, yet relatively unscathed. He cried out, “Fucking still blew up!”   
	“Shit! We’ll have no whiskey,” Pa squawked. 
	Eddy held up the goose. “But at least we got dinner.”
	“For today, but it’s time to speed up our plan.”

	Three weeks later, a chagrined faced Will entered the house at dinner time. He tossed a stack of letters on the table. “I’m home! Picked up the mail in town.” He walked to the cupboard, grabbing a plate and cutlery, sitting at the table, loading up his plate, pouring a glass of Pepsi as if he had never left. He gazed about, enjoying a smirk, “What’s new?”
	The next few minutes a spirited conversation unfolded involving yelling, questioning and laughing. However, Will revealed little of where he had been or what he did. 
	Brandy flipped through the letters Will brought from the Post Office. She stopped at one, opened it, flushing and blinking in surprise as she read the official looking document.
	“Brandy, what is it?” Uncle Gord asked.
	She turned to him. “Dad, seven of your siblings are taking you to court.”
	Uncle Gord gripped the arms of his wheelchair tightly. “For what?”
	“The trial date is for the middle of April, and they are contesting your father’s Last Will and Testament. They want your half section of land and Babchuk World!”
 
	On the first day of February 1979, I was about to drive Brandy and Gabriela to the Regina Airport to catch their flight for California. Brandy lined up a lawyer for Uncle Gord before she departed. The preliminary meetings were arranged. However, for the next few days I instructed her to not worry, all would be well and to have the time of her life.
	“Quite an adventure I’m taking you on Brandy,” said Gabriela as we picked up the self centred girl at her home with the song, ‘Closer to the Heart’ by the rock band, Rush, playing quietly in the background.
	“I think Disney was rewarding Brandy,” I interjected. “And she’s graciously taking you.”    
	“Ha!” Gabriela huffed. “Look Pinball, we all know that Brandy needs me. She’s, well, socially awkward. For she still can’t get a boyfriend.” Gabriela held her head high, patting Brandy as if she were a child. “And that’s what it is all about.”  
	For the first time, absolutely no nose scrunching occurred for Brandy, when one of these boyfriend comments was thrown out. She merely chuckled and said playfully, “Really!”
	“Of course, naive Brandy,” Gabriela said in her tone of superiority. “Now people, I’ve just one stop to make in Foam Lake before we proceed,” She tapped me on the shoulder. “So driver, stop in front of the newspaper.”
	“Why are we stopping?” I asked with a pissed off rage stirring inside me.
	“Require a photo for the article the paper is doing on me,” she responded. “And Brandy could you come in and make it look like you are my flunky assistant.” 

	“Get the fuck out of my way!” Pa shouted as he sat in his wreck of a car, shaking his fist at Uncle Gord who drove his shiny blue van. 
	It had been two days since I drove Brandy and Gabriela to the airport in Regina,and I now watched the two vehicles facing each other hostilely in the shared driveway, windows rolled down, preparing for battle. 
	One of these vehicles would have to get out of the way, or neither would go anywhere. Those were the first words spoken between the two brothers in years, and they were not pleasant. I stood twenty feet from the two combatants. Except, there was no way I’d attempt to mediate this battle.
	“Go to hell.” Uncle Gord slapped his steering wheel. “You crook!” 
	“You’re the bloody crook, Mr. Cripple,” Pa bellowed. “You stole this land from the rest of us. Time for us to take it back!” 
	“You know I didn’t steel that land,” defended Uncle Gord.
	“We’ll see what the judge thinks Mr. Cripple. And then finally, we’ll see who the better man is. Although, a cripple like you isn’t even a man.”
	“Well, at least this crippled man never killed his wife.”

	Third weekend in February 1979, and the bar rocked as we hosted a medical conference. Doctors were funny folks, hard workers, but when we lured them out to the fresh air and wilderness of Fishing Lake, they became hard partiers and big tippers. We hired another female belly dancer to help Darcy out with the demand. In between sets, her and I shared a drink in the back with her potent trashy perfume choking me.     
	Darcy fanned herself. “Ay Pinball, after this weekend I’ll have enough to retire.” She giggled as she tossed her long hair back. “A few of these guys are like in love with me, their tips are amazing!”
	“Enjoy!” I chuckled at her vivaciousness. “We all might retire after this weekend.” 
	“And how they try to get me in the hot tub.” 
	That out of the way, outdoor hot tub had become the center of sinful secrets at Babchuk World. For I had witnessed a variety of couples and even a threesome sneaking in with not a stitch on, in the middle of the night. First, there was Shirley and her Ice Man displacing a ton of water. Second, there was Will and Cindy during one of their on again periods. And finally last week, there was a naked Pa and Hilda Warden from our counterpart in the confectionary business, frolicking in the bubbling water. I wondered if they were sharing any conspiratorial thoughts? Or was this strictly a steamy sex soak?   
	Darcy carried on, “And you know Pinball, it’s a lot more fun to play hard to get.” 
	“I’m so glad to see you smiling everyday.”
	She turned to me with a sincere look. “And well, I’m really sorry for my involvement in some of the sabotage around here when I was with the bikers.”  
	“Don’t worry about it Darcy, you’re with us now, that’s what counts.” 
	“And ah, now that I’m confessing, I was the one that let Snake know about the weed.” 
	“I always wondered.”
	“But Snake was the only one, honest, honest.” She shuffled and squirmed. “Cause the minute I told him, he headed for the lodge. I felt so bad.” She began to cry.  
	“Not your fault.” I hugged her comfortingly. “Snake did what he did. And paid the price.”
	She hugged me harder, tears flowing. “I’m so, so sorry!”
	“That’s all behind us.” I grinned. “But, how did you know about the weed?”
	Darcy wiped her tears and let out a sly smirk. “A few days before the greenhouse opened, I saw you and Buddy moving the plants in the middle of the night.” 
	“And we thought we were like ninjas that night.”
	“I spied you guys dressed in your blacks. You looked so cute.” She poked me playfully. “But Pinball, do you think Uncle Pete and Pa will win the court case?”
	I shook my head. “Shouldn’t!”
	“Their new lawyer says they will,” she said. “I heard him tell them yesterday when he came over.”
	“Who’s their new lawyer?”
	“Creepy guy from Wynyard who couldn’t keep his eyes off me, Mr. Walters.” 

	The last day of February 1979 and Uncle Gord’s entire family sat at their kitchen table discussing the upcoming court date. We met with a lawyer from Yorkton on more than one occasion. He assured us the case seemed cut and dried. The lawyer was confident he could match anything Mr. Walters could throw our way. Also, he inquired tactfully if Uncle Gord desired an out of court settlement. Without hesitation, Uncle Gord refused.  Although, the lawyer stressed that a deal could be cut right up to the last minute if Uncle Gord wanted to avoid rolling the courtroom dice.
	The good news for Uncle Gord was that Uncle Mike and Aunt Maria guaranteed him they were not part of the seven siblings taking him to court. It came down to seven adult children of Jim Babchuk against the other three adult children. The deciding factor weighing heavily in Uncle Gord’s favour was that the Will executed years ago, was definitely the only Will registered under Jim Babchuk’s name. Uncle Gord’s lawyer felt this lawsuit was a common trick utilized to frighten people into settling out of court, relinquishing a small slice of their pie.   
	The pending court battle even put a strain between the Aunt Molly and Shirley relationship. The friendship based on food came crashing down last week when the subject arose over an angel food cake. The opposing opinions grew louder, the fists were swinging with no blows landing, and the empty cake plate was hurled through the window with the two vowing to never speak to each other again.  
	The thoughts concerning the case continued to be bantered about around the table, when Buddy sniffed the air. “What’s that?” We raced out the door heading for the smell of burning wood. The smoke guided us to the confectionary where a fire was burning a corner of the relatively new structure.
	“I’ll get the hose going,” Will shouted. “Brandy grab the fire extinguishers. You guys shovel snow on it.”
	Buddy and I snatched up two nearby shovels, throwing massive amounts of snow on the fire. 
	Aunt Molly followed us out, staring into the flames, going into some sort of trance, yelling uncontrollably, “Get my brother out! Get him out!” She began advancing toward the flames. 
	Luckily, Buddy reacted quick enough to tackle her right before she reached the hot flames, resulting in only a few singed hairs but no major injuries. 
	“What the hell got into you?” Buddy shouted at his Mother.
	All Aunt Molly muttered was, “I couldn’t save him.” She broke down and cried.
	With the water hoses, fire extinguishers and snow we managed to contain the fire to only that corner within a half an hour. The entire time Aunt Molly sat off to the side, weeping, experiencing some nightmare from the past. 
	When we finished containing the fire, I glanced across the road, seeing Hilda Warden, gas can in hand, rage plastered all over her face. 
	I motioned the others to look at the instigator of the fire, staring and  talking incoherently.
	When Buddy spotted the other confectionary owner, he summed it up by saying, “We got two fucking crazy whack jobs on our hands.”



SIXTEEN                                                    


	Later that fire extinguishing night Sergeant Miller escorted Hilda Warden to his police car while Brandy and I looked on. We had settled Aunt Molly in her bed. She came around, snapping out of her trance, not remembering any of her march toward the flames. All four of us gave our statements to Sergeant Miller. However, when Sergeant Miller asked if she started the fire. Hilda admitted it openly.
	As the lady with a far off look sat in the back of the police car with the window open I asked her, “Why did you do it?”
	She stared at me with those vacant black eyes. “Cause of your success.”
	“But Hilda, you admitted to me that the last three years were the best years your confectionary ever had. And it was because of the thousands of people we brought to the beach.”
	She turned to me with a wish-you-were-dead look. “Doesn’t matter. I wasn’t as big as you guys. I only wish my wrench in the ride would have worked.” Then Hilda smiled a super sinister smile. “But lucky I’m not the only one out to destroy Babchuk World.”

	In the middle of March 1979, my nephew and I were at the Foam Lake Theatre enjoying an afternoon kids movie. Sitting with us were Julia Samuelson and her nephew who joined us. I had explained to Julia as I helped her with her homework that this movie was for kids, but she came anyway. Julia had a boyfriend. So, it was not like that. In fact, she had the coolest guys in the town lined up at her door, driving her father, Ulf crazy. So we relaxed as friends, loading up our nephew’s with soda and popcorn, enjoying the movie, having a great old time.
	On the way home my nephew asked, “Why’s my Daddy so stupid?” My nephew was one bright kid. I taught the little guy to count to a hundred at three years old, and to read at four. When I thought of how little time my sister Shirley put into parenting, he turned out great so far.
	I gulped, sweating buckets. I knew my nephew’s biological father but was one of few who were aware of his true identity. No way, I was going there. I thought Brandy knew, but we never discussed the fact. 
	“Ah, umm, everyone learns different. We all have different strengths. Your Dad makes good ice.” I attempted to be nice, except the Ice Maker lacked skill at that art. 
	Also, I heard he was about to be fired for taking the ice cleaning machine for joy rides. Frequent trips to the bar, trips to grab a coffee, comically cruising the streets of Foam Lake in that slow moving contraption could cost him his job. Shirley had often been seen joining her Ice Maker on his jaunts. The two had been spotted in some rather compromising positions. All and all, when I compared the smarts of my nephew’s real father to the Ice Maker, it was similar to comparing a thoroughbred to a donkey.
	“He’s stupid!” my nephew stated. “He sits around drinking beer, smoking, doing nothing most of the time. You know, sometimes I wish he wasn't my Dad.” He paused. “Sometimes I’m not even sure he’s my Dad.” 

	On the first day of spring in 1979, Uncle Mike plopped himself down at a table in the cafe across from Brandy and I. “Kids, I can’t believe the confectionary is repaired already.”  
	“Buddy and Will were amazing,” Brandy complimented her brothers. They went nonstop to get it done. Well, except for every Saturday at five o’clock. For when the Bugs Bunny/Roadrunner TV show came on once a week, followed by Hockey Night in Canada,  Buddy and Will were absorbed.     
	Uncle Mike chuckled and fidgeted with his spectacles, scanning the local paper on the table. “Gabriela got her fame!”
	Brandy laughed hysterically for a minute. “She was such a whiny traveller.” She held up her hand. “I never realized she was scared of flying. She almost crushed my hand, crying and hanging on for support.” 
	“How did Gabriela enjoy Disneyland?” Uncle Mike asked.
	“She complained constantly, never went to the happiest place on earth, not once. I went every day. They treated me awesome!”
	Uncle Mike sipped on his water. “So what did she do?”
	“Most of the time, she ordered her roast beef sandwiches up to our hotel room,” Brandy replied. “Also, the Disney people were fantastic about sending us huge food and gift baskets to the room.” Brandy snickered. “The baskets were empty by the time I got to them.”  
	“In the article it says Gabriela introduced you to the world,” said Uncle Mike.
	“My best friend can have her fantasy world.” 
	“Thanks for the Disney gifts Brandy. And speaking of gifts. Pinball, I have a present for you.” Uncle Mike pulled out a large paper bag, handing it to me. “It’s for you receiving early acceptance into the University of Saskatchewan. Congratulations!” 
	Eagerly, I removed the gift from the bag. “Wow!” It was a skillfully crafted oak wooden box with my name engraved on it. As I opened the finely polished box, my eyes popped out of my head. A beautiful hand sculpted ivory chess pieces and board stared back at me. I was speechless. I owned a plastic set at home, Brandy gifted me for Christmas years ago; that got me started in the noble game and always would be special. Except, this magnificent set shone like a work of art. 
	“Thank you,” I whispered with a lump in my throat. “Thank you so much.”
	The ageless Uncle Mike smiled. “From now on, when you and I play on your board, we’re doing it in style.”
	“You bet.” I looked at my special Uncle who had given me many great games over the years. I set up the board right there, making the first move. He touched his specs, making his first move. Our blitz game was underway, and if the pattern held to form Uncle Mike would touch those glasses unconsciously at least a dozen times.  
	At that moment the usually flamboyant Kelly entered with a frown on his face, dropping down in a chair as if the world had ended. These sullen young man supported black hair, dressing in the blandest colours I’d ever seen him in. 
	“I can’t believe what happened. It’s the worst.”
	“What is it?” Brandy asked with concern.
	“My parents, oh my God, want me to leave home.” He hung his head. “They told me I’m too talented to sit around Foam Lake and gossip all day.”
	“You’re talented,” remarked Brandy as Kelly was a fantastic hair stylist when he wanted to be. He trained under his Mom, who owned the Foam Lake Beauty Salon, but Kelly’s laziness got in the way of him doing it full time.
	“So they kicked me out,” sulked Kelly. “Making me go to work in my uncle’s hair stylist shop in Montreal. And do you want to know why they kicked me out?”
	“Why” I asked while making another move.
	He covered his face with his hands and mumbled, “Cause my sister and her kid are moving back home.” “They need my bedroom.” 
	Brandy and I shared a smirk. She reached across the table, giving him a consoling touch on the arm. “Sometimes things work out for the best. And Kelly, this is definitely for the best!”
	Kelly slumped his shoulders and sighed. “My life’s over.” He then took on an embarrassed look as he whispered, “Ah guys, I’ve got a confession to make. Kind of want to get it off my chest before I fly out tomorrow.”
	I was sure the coming out of a closet statement was imminent. “It's okay, we know,” Brandy said.
	Kelly’s eyes open wide in surprise. “So you guys knew that some of the sabotage around here was being done by Cindy and myself.”
	Both of us widen our eyes in surprise. “Were you involved in trashing my  dollhouse?” Brandy asked for a couple days ago, her large dollhouse in her room was left in ruins. Brandy cried when she witnessed her childhood treasure left in pieces along with a note reading; ‘Fuck you’.   
	“No way,” replied Kelly. “That dollhouse was like a piece of art. I loved that thing.” Kelly shrank a little lower. “Ah but, we did some other stuff. Ahem, sorry about that.” 
	Brandy and I shared an uncertain glance, hesitating in our response. “Well, thank you for telling us,” Brandy said. “We forgive you. As long as you weren’t involved in the dollhouse.” 
	“No way! And thanks for forgiving me.” Suddenly, he sprang up like a jack in the box, perking up, back into gossip mode. “Here’s one piece of juicy news. Cindy and Officer Thompson got hitched yesterday.” 

	A warm spring afternoon in late March 1979 as Pa and Uncle Pete lounged on the porch, soaking up the sun. They sat with feet up, sipping on their whiskey, philosophizing about things they should have done, but primarily focusing on all the things other people should have done. I listened as I read a school book, wanting to keep my A+ average. 
	“Bloody Pinball,” Pa spat out. “You’re gonna hurt your eyes with all the reading you do.”
	Uncle Pete rubbed his chin. “Listen up kid, you can do all the reading you want, you’ll never get as smart as me.”
	I carried on, ignoring the two wind bags.
	“Thinks he’s a big hotshot now that he got into university,” Pa jeered. 
	Uncle Pete cackled. “Probably thinks his brains have helped build Babchuk World.”
	Pa and Uncle Pete clinked glasses as Pa boasted, “We’re gonna take Babchuk World like that.” He snapped his fingers.
	I shot lasers with my eyes at my Pa, but I wanted to avoid a stupid discussion. So, I kept my mouth shut. However, when I glanced at Uncle Pete I could tell I would be lucky to get out of this without being dragged into the ring. 
	“Like that dead wife of yours,” Uncle Pete chided. “Thought she was something. She was a real bitch.”
	“Damn right.” Pa agreed with the two men clinking glasses again. 
	“And a whole lot worse,” Uncle Pete added, sparking the two men to let out creepy sniggers.
	That got my attention. I turned to the men who had consumed a ton of whisky by this point. I knew I’d regret my upcoming question, but there was no way to stop me. However, what nagged at me was Uncle Gord’s comment involving my Mother’s death, and maybe one of these liquored up drunks would clue me in. 
	“Now what do you two mean by that?” I asked with the hair standing up on the back of my neck.
	Uncle Pete enjoyed a mirthless laugh. “May as well tell the Pup, Your Pa isn’t your real Daddy.”



 SEVENTEEN


	“Thank you Pinball,” Darcy said as she hugged me goodbye the next day. “You’re the coolest. Gotta go, he’s waiting so patiently.” 
	Darcy and I said our emotional farewells in front of the Foam Lake High School. I jumped in my car last night, drove and drove until finally, I crashed at Uncle Mike’s. I spent a sleepless night, questions swirling through my mind. The one thing that was clear, Pa gave me his first name out of spite. He hated his name, and ensured I would be saddled with that hideous handle. 
	“Thank you for stopping by before you left,” I said.  
	She hugged me again. “And thank you little brother for being the only one who ever believed in me. You may only be my half brother, but you’re all brother to me.”  
	“Are you sure you want to do this?” I asked. For Darcy’s track record with men was atrocious.
	The ecstatic girl broke into a radiant smile. “Dr. George Weinberg makes me so happy.”Darcy jumped up and down like a little girl. “He treats me like a lady. I’ve even stopped saying the word ay all the time. But I’ll always use the word cool.”  
	“So happy for you, sis.”
	“It’s exciting, I get a fresh start in Calgary, and I’m enrolled back in school.” She then squealed like a little girl. “Going to get my high school diploma, and then I’m going to university. So cool.”
	I waved as she executed one of her patented twirls on her way to the waiting BMW. I realized that this was the first time I saw Darcy in a respectable dress, and the first time in years she wore nothing leather. 

	“Ay, you guys wait until I run that show,” Eddy bragged while rubbing his bloodshot eyes in the middle of April 1, 1979. Pa, Eddy, Shirley and myself sat round the table, eating the last dinner I’d ever consume in that house. I provided the meal as I brought it from the cafe. For on that day, our kitchen set a disgusting record when it came to smell. Open windows and air freshener could not put a dint in the hideous odour. 
	Pa guzzled his glass of Canadian Club whiskey, half of it sliding down the front of his shirt. “Bloody good. Tomorrow night at this time, that land will be taken from the cripple.” 
	“You two are pretty confident the court will rule in favour of your group,” I said. 
	Pa enjoyed his knowing smirk. “ Gotta good feeling about this.” 
	Eddy and Shirley joined in the laugh. I was an outsider in my own family. Actually, my now step Pa, along with his brothers and sisters, who were attempting to steal the land from Uncle Gord, made me nauseous. The showdown would transpire in the Wynyard courtroom tomorrow afternoon.  
	“And Pinball,” said Pa with an aura of confidence. “I demand you sit on my side of the courtroom tomorrow. Even though you’re a bastard, for appearances sake, I insist. Time for you to join the winners!”
	Eddy stroked his unshaven face. “Yeah bastard! Cause when we win, Pa and the other aunts and uncles decided I’m gonna run that entire operation. I’ve even stop doing little acts of sabotage.” They all snickered.  
	“Good of you,” I said in a sarcastic tone. I thought of how many acts of small and large sabotage we dealt with over the last few years. It turned out pretty well everyone on my list of suspects was involved.  
	“Brandy’s gonna be out,” said Eddy. “No girl should be in charge.” 
	“You’re the ultimate chauvinist pig,” I stated. “That place would be nothing without Brandy’s leadership.”  
	“Well, a real man’s gonna take charge soon.” Eddy guzzled his whiskey. “We’re gonna drive the value of Babchuk World through the roof.” Whack! Eddy hammered the table with his fist. “So kid, you better kiss my ass.”
	Shirley piped up between mouthfuls, “And I’m cooking in the cafe, and my fiancee will run the cafe and lodge, until we cash in.” I could hear Ice Maker snoring at this late hour of the day.     
	Not surprisingly, as soon as her lazy Ice Maker heard about the court case, he began a serious courtship of Shirley, getting down on his knee, popping the question, quitting his ice making job, moving into this house to sponge until he weaselled in on his piece of the stolen pie. Shirley glowed these days for her Ice Man was almost hooked. Except, I knew if he ever found out who the real father of my nephew was, it would be over. 
	“I’ll look after the buffalo.” Pa refilled his whiskey glass. “And then it’s easy street for us.”    
	“Watch that place grow when a real leader is in charge,” promised Eddy. “We’ll be the biggest thing to hit this province.” 
	Pa’s chest stuck out as he listened to his only son. I realized that Pa’s pride came from how big the dream was, not what one actually accomplished. “That’s my boy!” He slapped Eddy on the back.
	Eddy continued with his plan, “First thing I’ll do, is buy me a big old Cadillac, build me a fancy office in town, hire me a hot slutty secretary, buy me some expensive silk suits, and get the newspapers to write a story on my jump from rags to riches.” All three guffawed and patted themselves on the back. “And fire everyone working there including Uncle Mike.”   
	“So proud of you Eddy!” Pa crowed.
	I scowled at all of them. “You bunch of trash.”
	Eddy contemplated standing and taking a swing, I could see it in his eyes. Except, I now looked down on him, and I was lean and well muscled. He had no chance and knew it. I grinned at him, he cooled his heals.
	Pa attempted to speak, I grasped his arm and squeezed. “Button it! I’ve listened to your bullshit all these years, and this is how you’ll attain your dream.” I laughed sardonically. “By stealing it! And then squandering it!”
	They all protested simultaneously, drowning each other out. Eddy combed his hair, giving away some upcoming act of violence on his part.
	I pushed my plate aside. “You all disgust me!” 
	Eddy set down his comb. Of course, I sat on full alert. He threw a glass full of whiskey at my head. Smash! I never had to move for it missed, shattering against the wall. “You’re a disgusting Bastard,” Eddy hollered as he grasped the whiskey bottle and drained a few ounces. 
	I rose from the table, heading toward the front door. “Nothing was more disgusting Eddy, than when you came home drunk last night, and pissed in our kitchen sink.”
	Eddy blushed with embarrassment. Pa laughed, slapping Eddy on the back. “That’s my boy! My real son!”
	“Yeah Pa, you would praise filth like that,” I chided. 
	“Don’t you ever come back Bastard,” shouted Pa.
	“Don’t worry!  I never will.” Everything I owned was in my car, I knew this conversation was coming soon. The only person I’d miss here was Shirley’s son and my nephew. For he and I shared a special bond, such a smart kid. He followed me around wherever I went, even taught him to play chess. 
	I would ensure I stayed in his life, otherwise these dumb jerks would mess him up bad. Also, if he ever learned the Ice Maker was not his father, I wanted to be there to help him go through what I just experienced.  In addition, I wanted to be around if my nephew learned that the so called happily married Mr. Walters with four other children was his biological father. 	
	However, Shirley would fight tooth and nail to never have that secret emerge. The reason she had sex with the horny lawyer years ago was to keep the man quiet. For Ice Maker and her attempted an armed robbery that still sat unsolved. Only, Mr. Walters knew the truth. Without Ice Maker’s knowledge, Shirley’s erotic sex acts with the Wynyard lawyer kept her and her man out of prison. 
	Once Shirley became pregnant, her and the lawyer ended the arrangement, both swearing never to tell. Except in small towns, eventually secrets creep to the surface. Or when living in a house with thin walls and a little brother with sharp ears, then that deep secret could filter through those talking walls.    
	Eddy combed his hair one more time. Did he not figure out I was still on guard for his sudden attacks? Immediately before I shut the door I muttered, “You know if you win, you’ll lose badly.” 
	Crash! Eddy fired the Canadian Club bottle at me. I never had to move, for he missed again, hitting the wall. 
	“Hey Eddy, if you lead Babchuk World like you throw, you’re screwed!” 
	Eddy spat at me. “Fuck off loser. Go run to your real loser of a Dad, that fucking Uncle Mike!”



EIGHTEEN


	“Your Honour, I wish to play the court a recording of a conversation between Mr. Gord Babchuk and my trusty secretary, Gabriela Lafarge, exactly one month ago,” said Mr. Walters in the Wynyard courtroom the next day. Brandy clenched her fists in rage as our previous unscrupulous lawyer, who had attempted to blackmail her, spoke in his permanent smug tone.
	Now that sleaze ball attorney represented the Babchuk siblings, sharing his dirty tricks with his unsavoury clients. There were seven of the ten Jim Babchuk children lined up at the money trough. Pa represented the group, sitting confidently in the front row with Eddy and Shirley next to him.
	Next to a nervous Shirley was her half asleep fiancee. For each time the sex-hound Mr. Walters, winked at Shirley, I noticed an uneasy look on her face. Next in line, sound asleep, was a hunched back Aunt Florence with bible in hand. She was planning to donate her portion to the Jehovah Witness Church, if the land was eventually won and sold. Finally, at the end of the row, was Uncle Pete from Vancouver. The slime ball that started this entire nightmare. 
	Uncle Mike and Aunt Maria refused to side with the flock of seven vultures. Therefore, sitting beside Uncle Gord and his lawyer in the front row were all of his family, plus Uncle Mike and myself.
	Yesterday, when I learned who my real father was, my world turned upside down. I suppose my hearing wasn’t that sharp as I never zeroed in on that secret in all my years of eavesdropping. I drove directly to Uncle Mike’s house, relaying what Eddy said. I heard the entire story while Uncle Mike’s voice cracked, and he touched his glasses involuntarily over 30 times. At that point, I realized my quirky habit was counting other people’s quirky habits.  
	Uncle Mike promised my mother he’d never tell. It all made so much sense. I had his build, his brains and many of his features. When his story drew to its end, a tear formed on Uncle Mike’s eye as he said, “I’m glad its out. And I’m proud of you and proud to be able to call you my son.”
	Also, Uncle Mike explained the comment levelled by Uncle Gord concerning my Mother’s death. He told of how there was some suspicion my step father had been beating my Mother which induced labour, making my birth exceedingly difficult. The doctor at the time said little, my Mother buried quickly, all was kept quiet, except suspicions lingered. Now I sat beside my real Dad with a pride that was unexplainable, and in a fight we believed in strongly. 
	The original Will and Testament was executed immediately after Jim Babchuk’s death. That original Will had Uncle Gord receiving the home two quarters of land while the other nine Babchuk siblings divided a substantial amount of cash. All ten siblings glowed happy with the settlement at the time. Now that the dollar value of the two quarters of land was substantially higher due to Babchuk World, that original Will was being contested as current estimates for the property came in over a million dollars. 
	Yet, that was not good enough as Eddy sold the dream, giving the seven siblings greedy fever. Eddy promised to toss Uncle Gord’s family on the street and drive the value of Babchuk World to well over three million dollars. Then Babchuk World would be sold, dividing the cash amongst the siblings. Also, Eddy would receive a healthy percentage for increasing the value.  
	Later, we learned this tape recording was made when Gabriela knew Uncle Gord sat home alone, bringing a bottle of his favourite whiskey, pouring his drinks liberally. She managed to ask numerous questions in a light casual manner. It sparked Uncle Gord to tell all sorts of entertaining stories of his parents and himself on the farm. Meanwhile, Gabriela recorded every moment with a hidden recording device in her rather large purse.  
	Mr. Walters pressed play on a tape recorder and the words rang out through the courtroom. “I tricked my parents into the land.” Clearly Uncle Gord’s voice flowed from the machine, however, taken out of context. 
	The moment I heard the statement, I knew the story that incriminating line originated from. For Uncle Gord had an amusing story, which he often relayed after a few drinks. His parents wanted to sell out, yet he wanted to farm after working in Eastern Canada and saving a bundle .
	Uncle Gord offered to purchase and pay for a second neighbouring quarter of land, putting it in his parents name, if they’d let him farm both quarters. This arrangement worked well for both parties for many years. Except, Gabriela captured that particular damaging statement, giving Mr. Walter’s the opportunity to embellish the one line. Masterfully, he twisted its meaning to his benefit.    
	Brandy and I sunk in our chairs, listening to the false accusations, knowing this evidence would be damning. Sitting towards the back of the courtroom, Gabriela waved, catching our attention, smiling smugly. When Brandy glared at her, Gabriela flipped her the finger and chuckled cockily, mouthing the words, “Fuck you.”   

	“Your honour, I would now like to call our surprise witness,” Mr. Walters announced twenty minutes later in his booming base tone that one could have heard a mile away. 
	That was the cue, for my eyes bugged out when Aunt Maria paraded into the court room in a low cut, tight fitting, satin dress, fur stole wrapped about her, hypnotic perfume filtering through the room. Seductively, she wiggled to the witness stand. The attractive lady winked at Mr. Walters. Aunt Maria batted her long eyelashes at the judge while ensuring her legs were crossed in such a manner that his Honour received a real nice view of her pleasing assets. 
	Mr. Walters clasped his hands behind his back, smiling appreciatively. “Miss Babchuk, in your own words, please tell the story of your father’s final day.”
	“Certainly, Mr. Walters!” Aunt Maria said in her silvery tone, winking again at the smartly dressed attorney.  “As my father lay there on his death bed, he asked me to produce a pen and paper. I then wrote down his final wishes. However, I called in three witnesses. A nurse, doctor and orderly signed as witnesses after my father signed his last Will and Testament.”
	“Forgive me for raising such a traumatic memory,” said Mr. Walters. “But what happened next Miss Babchuk?” 
	“Oh, you’re so understanding Mr. Walters.” Aunt Maria sniffled, a fake tear rolling down her eye. “Soon after my dear father signed the real Will and Testament.” Aunt Maria shed a few more tears with Mr. Walters handing her a kleenex. “Soon after, my dear father passed away.”     
	“And Miss Babchuk, what was your father’s last words to you?” Mr. Walters asked in a soothing tone.
	“My father took my hand, told me he loved me and I was his favourite.” She dabbed at her fake tears with the Kleenex as skilled as any professional actress. “And then whispered in my ear asking me to ensure the Will he just signed was executed.”
	“Do you have that Will and Testament?” Mr. Walters inquired.
	Aunt Maria extracted a document out of a small binder. “Here it is, Mr. Walters,” said Aunt Maria shifting her voice to a sultry husky tone, leaning forward letting her breasts be another exhibit on display.
	Both the judge and Mr. Walters grinned lustily, leering for an extended period. Finally, the lawyer grabbed the document, waving it in the air theatrically, speaking in a matter a fact manner, “Let the record show the Last Will and Testament for Mr. Jim Babchuk, dated and signed a half hour before his death. This death bed Will and Testament clearly overrides the Will and Testament which gave Gord Babchuk the two quarters of land.” Mr. Walters held the document high. “Therefore, I ask the court to rule in favour of executing this legal Last Will and Testament for Mr. Jim Babchuk which was so generously provided by the enchanting Miss Maria Babchuk.”  
	Brandy sunk further in her chair, chewing on her nails. She had been stabbed in the back by two people she considered extremely close to her, all within a half an hour of each other. Brandy and I stared in shock as the proceedings carried on, legal jousting back and forth. Why had Aunt Maria become the eighth vulture, coming forward with this death bed Will and Testament? Was it legal? If the judge thought it was, Uncle Gord’s family faced eviction with the property being sold within a year or two.  

	One hour later we all sat in front of the Judge as he delivered his verdict. “In the case of the Babchuk siblings versus Gord Babchuk, I rule in favour of the Babchuk siblings! The death bed Will and Testament provided by Miss Maria Babchuk must now be executed.”  Whack! He hammered his gavel. “This court is adjourned.”       
	Hoots and hollers erupted from the other side of the courtroom. High fives, fist pumps and derogatory remarks directed at us all filled the courtroom for the next few painful minutes. We stayed silent on our side, all stunned, feeling as if a part of our life had been stripped away. I witnessed the hurt reflected in Brandy’s shoulders in four steps. 
	First, her shoulder’s slumped as she watched Aunt Maria carrying on like some sort of hero in the middle of the obnoxious celebration, sticking her mocking tongue out at her so called favourite niece. Second, Brandy’s shoulders fell a little more as she watched the local newspapers interviewing Eddy as the new head of Babchuk World with him boasting of what his outstanding visionary and leadership skills will bring to the enterprise. Third, her shoulders dipped a little lower when Gabriela stood and yelled, “Brandy, hope you enjoyed your renovated dollhouse?” Finally, Brandy’s shoulders pretty much hit the floor when she watched Eddy’s new girlfriend run into his arms, giving him a passionate embrace and victory cuddle, climaxing in a smouldering never-ending kiss from Gabriela Lafarge.     



NINETEEN


	The respective lawyers agreed Uncle Gord’s family had exactly one month to vacate the two quarters of land, for at that point, Uncle Gord would no longer own the property. His family were allowed to only remove personal belongings, nothing from the business could be touched. Those decisive words from the judge split Uncle Gord’s family into fragments, disconnecting their strong bonds. 
	Will vanished the minute he stormed out of the Wynyard courtroom. Buddy moped around, reading race car magazines while Aunt Molly and Uncle Gord worried and fretted. Since the court, I moved into Uncle Mike’s place, surprising myself yesterday, when for the first time, I called him Dad naturally. 
	I seldom saw Brandy over the past month. She was withdrawn and reserved as the betrayal she experienced wore heavy on her. She would be gone for a few days, then back, and then gone again. She spoke little, taking no interest in the business operation. 
	Although, Brandy proudly showed me her Business Diploma from the University of Regina which arrived last week. Displayed on that diploma were the words in big bold letters; ‘With Great Distinction’. Also, she showed me the first letter from Kelly back in Montreal. He was ecstatic, igniting his passion for hair styling. As well, he finally informed us he was gay, and he was proud of it. Thanking us numerous times for the forgiveness shown him in regard to his sabotage. 
	The only individual that came and expressed their sadness we were leaving, was Donald J. Anderson from the Golf Course. His concern about what would happen to Babchuk World under the new leadership weighed heavy on his mind. Also, I thanked him again for his little tip. How he knew about the planned drug raid, I will never know?    
	The night before they were to move out in the middle of May 1979, Brandy returned for the last family dinner. I felt fortunate to join this special family as we sat around the table that provided such inspiration and entertainment for all of us over the years. “Unfortunately, Will isn’t here, but I want to clear up a few items before tomorrow.”
	Buddy rubbed his disheveled hair. “Where’s Will?”
	Uncle Gord shrugged his shoulders. “Gone for good, I guess.”
	Honk! Honk! Honk! A car horn sounded repeatedly. Looking out the kitchen window, Aunt Molly shrieked, “Will’s back!”
	Ten-seconds later, Will burst through the door. “Hi everybody, I want you to meet my wife.”    

	Half an hour later after the celebratory drinks were poured, we were all sitting around the table with one addition to the family. Vicky Desjardins, now Vicky Desjardins Babchuk, Louie’s quiet and lovely niece, who was in her third year of Education at the University of Regina. We all felt the intelligent Vicky would be a perfect wife for Will, and his ear to ear smile reinforced that point. The mood elevated greatly with Will’s announcement, even though the bitterness of leaving the farm, and the uncertainly ahead still hovered over the family. 
	Brandy cleared her voice and said with a lump in her throat, “Although we’ve all spoke of leaving this farm, now that the time is here.” Tears formed in her eyes. “ It’s much harder than we thought.”
	“For sure!” Uncle Gord grasped his wheelchair tightly. I felt Uncle Gord was on the verge of breaking down a number of times over the past month.   
	“Not me,” Aunt Molly declared. “I don’t know what we are doing. But I hate this place.”
	“Shut up you old hag!” Buddy nudged his mother. “This is home. We’ve had great times.”
	Brandy took control. “Yes, we had great times, great fun, and learned many lessons.”
	“And we’re walking away with nothing,” complained Aunt Molly.
	Brandy exhaled, grinning insolently. “Thank you Mom for that lead in. We’re not totally empty handed.”
	Will filled his glass with Pepsi. “What do you mean?”
	“Four years ago, we did actually have a bank account,” Brandy confessed. “Actually, two bank accounts set up for us, one in the US and one in Canada. And I’ve been purchasing Canada Savings Bonds all along, as well as purchasing gold. It was for a rainy day.”    
	Buddy chuckled. “And did it fucking pour!”
	“So, I’ve made decisions over the past month which I should’ve talked over, but speed was of the essence. Please understand!” Brandy opened up a small leather briefcase, turning to her parents. “Mom and Dad, I’ve purchased you a house in Foam Lake. Mom it has been your dream. And Dad, it’s totally wheel chair accessible.” She handed them a deed.
	Stunned silence at the table until Uncle Gord whispered, “Thank you.”
	“And I’ve built a Canada Savings Bond ladder for you at the local bank, so that you’ll have enough to live on.” She handed them a folder with the local banks logo on it. 
	Uncle Gord gulped and muttered. “I guess it all did pay.”
	Brandy reached over and squeezed her Dad’s hand. She then turned to Will And Vicky. “When I heard you were married. And I know, Vicky wants to get her Masters. So, I purchased you two a home near the University in Regina.” Brandy handed the deed to Will.
	“Oh, thank-you Brandy,” said Vicky as she brought her fingers to her cheeks in surprise. “How can we ever repay you?”
	Brandy smiled affectionately at her new sister-in-law. “Just take care of those twins you’re carrying!” 
	“Congratulations!” I shouted. “Will, you’re gonna be a fantastic Daddy!” The room rocked with chatter at the news, euphoria spreading through the house.  
	Once we settled down, Brandy steered us back on track again. “Now Buddy, you were a bit harder to figure out. So, I purchased you a small acreage one mile outside Regina. It has a little shack on it. But, it has a six car garage.”
	“I’ll fill that garage in a month,” Buddy yelled. 
	She passed him a deed, and a note with one word that only Buddy and I could read. The note said, ‘Greenhouse’. “Cause your famous for losing things, this is a copy of the deed. The real deed is in a safety deposit box at the bank.”
	Buddy rubbed his head again. He smiled when it struck him. Utilizing his hidden sack of seeds and producing Canadian cannabis could always be a backup option for the man, but only if he wanted.  
	“What are we going to do for work?” Will asked. 
	Brandy held up a finger.  “Will and Buddy, I also purchased the two of you, a small landscaping and snow removal company in Regina that has new equipment, some good long term contracts and a couple of solid employees.” She handed them a file with their new company’s logo on it. “The company is now called, WB Property Maintenance.”  
	“Thanks,” Will said. “And thanks for leading us these past years.”
	“And Will, thank you for being such a special member of this family. We all missed you, and really do appreciate you!” A cheer went up from all around the table. Brandy carried on, “And you’re now the President of the new company.” Thunderous clapping broke out from all. I noticed extra loud handclaps from Aunt Molly and Uncle Gord as at that point, they realized the special man Will had become. 
 	Then Brandy turned to me. She took my hand. “Pinball, you’ve been like a brother to us!”
	“Damn right!” Buddy slapped me on the back.
	“For sure!” Will added. “A real smart brother.”
	Uncle Gord spoke up, “And like a son to us.”
	Well, that was too much. That comment made my eyes water. For this was like my real family, sticking together through thick and thin.
	Brandy slapped a deed in my hand. “I bought you a condo for your high school graduation present. It’s directly across the street from the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon where you’ll be heading in the fall.”
	“Thank you so much,” I blubbered.     
	Buddy poured himself another drink. “Someday, we’ll have a lawyer in the family to help me out.” 
	Smiles filled the air, the tension chased from the room. The elation around the table skyrocketing. Brandy carried on with the generosity. She distributed checks to Buddy, Will and myself. “I sold the patent to two items before the court date, just in case. And since all four of us designed both items, we split the money four ways.”   
	“What items?” Will asked.
	“The first was the design to the Rubber Ball.” Brandy tapped Buddy on the shoulder. “Easy big guy, the second thing was the design to our Beaver Mascot.”
	“Ah, no way.” Buddy hung his head.  
	I looked at the cheque and gasped. “Thank you!” I mumbled. “Hey Buddy, take a look at the cheque.” 
	Buddy studied the amount, eyes popping out. He stood and performed his signature dance. “Time for another car.”
	“Also, I’ve taken care of Uncle Mike,” Brandy stated. “As well as, each of our loyal employees like Vicky’s Dad. For we know they will be fired at noon tomorrow.”   
	“Thank you again,” Vicky said with a genuine sincerity flowing through her voice. 
	Will moaned. “Damn Goose Meat!” 
	I smirked. “I heard from Julia, who works on Saturdays at the doctor’s office, that Eddy’s having one hell of a time getting rid of his sexual disease.”  
	“Serves the jerk right,” murmured Vicky as she ground her teeth.
	Brandy grinned. “Serves Gabriela right as well.” 
	Buddy slurped on his drink as he spoke, “All three peacocks over there bought new vehicles.” 
	Pa, Eddy and Shirley took out massive personal loans at ridiculous interest rates. Over the past month each spent lavishly as if there was no tomorrow, anticipating their upcoming windfall, endeavouring to reflect their new status and perceived wealth. On more than one occasion, I attempted to warn them. Arrogantly, they told me to piss off.  
	Uncle Gord turned to his daughter and asked, “But what about you Brandy?” 
	She extracted a legal contract from a folder. “I’m one of the first women to reach this level, as I’ve signed a lucrative five year deal to be an executive with the Disney Corporation in Anaheim, California.”    



TWENTY


	“Ay, you fucking bastards!” Eddy bellowed from the window of his yellow Cadillac as he sped into the driveway at noon the next day. Perched right next to Eddy, his new executive assistant and love interest, Gabriela, posed semi prettily while chomping on a jumbo sized roast beef sandwich.The local newspaper wrote of the new power couple, the beautiful model and the successful business entrepreneur, declaring them the new King and Queen of Foam Lake.  
	Sitting on their porch Pa Uncle Pete and Aunt Maria consumed mega sized fancy cocktails, watching their conquering new leader with pride. Pa cheered his boy on, “You give it to them Eddy. You’re the King.” 
	Eddy continued to rage, “The municipal taxes haven’t been fucking paid for years on this property. And they’ve just reassessed them for the past five years, ever since you were running that fucking business.” He slammed his hands on the steering wheel. “The damn municipality increased them by ten times, plus they are charging a crazy interest rate on all back taxes.”  
	“Too bad Eddy.” I laughed. That was Reeve Ulf Samuelson’s graduation present for me shepherding his daughter through high school with a solid C+ average. Ulf levied some hellish taxes upon Uncle Gord’s land after the court decision was unfavourable for us. 
	“You may want to be around tomorrow,” Brandy yelled. “The Canada Tax Agency will be paying you an unfriendly visit. They seem to think you owe them a ton of federal and provincial back taxes.”
	“Not my problem,” responded Eddy. 
	“Sorry King Eddy,” I stated as I looked at my watch. “As of right now, you have assumed all liabilities for this operation.” If we had won the court case, we could have minimized all these liabilities. Since we lost, it was all Eddy’s problem. “The Federal back taxes will be a killer by themselves, never mind the interest. Oh yeah, that unfortunate accident that happened on the racetrack last year. The insurance company said they are not paying. Some legal mumbo jumbo. That means, the liability will be somewhere around a million plus for the business to cover.” I turned and waved at the group of three on the porch who stared in stunned silence. “Better enjoy those expensive drinks, They’ll be your last.”  
	Brandy called out to her former friend. “But the main thing Queen Gabriela; you’ve still got a boyfriend.” 
	Gabriela screamed and wailed, flashing a hideous non model look as the realization hit her, sliding over on the carseat as far from her man as possible, yet, still managing to continue to inhale her roast beef delight with mayonnaise smeared all over her face. 
	Meanwhile, Eddy hollered like a madman, “No, no, no, no!” He pounded his head against the steering wheel, weeping uncontrollably.

	Five minutes later, Brandy stood beside her brand new car in the driveway, embracing me, tears flowing from her eyes. “Go get ‘em Orval.” 	For we now stood alone, Eddy and his court fled into my former home. We could hear swearing, cursing, fighting and smashing glass among the vultures as Eddy’s kingdom was collapsing.    
	Brandy chuckled and gave me another hug. “Knock them dead. You’ll make an amazing lawyer.” 
	“And thank you for the greatest years,” I said with emotion dripping from my tone. “And thank you for using my real name only once.” We both shared a last laugh.
	“I don’t know what I would have done without you,” Brandy said with true sincerity.
	“Oh and you were so right. Julia is thrilled to be my date for our upcoming grad.”
	“She was excited like her Dad, as Ulf called me first thing when he found out you two were grad dates.”
	I rubbed my temple, embarrassment flowing through me. “Guess I’m kind of slow in that area.”
	“But worth the wait in Julia’s mind.” She then stuck an envelope in my pocket. “This will ensure your education is covered.” For I had a good amount saved, but later when I looked in that envelope, my law degree would be paid for with lots to spare.
	With tears flowing from her eyes Brandy jumped in her new Mercedes, heading for her executive job, her three bedroom condo on the beach and her exciting new life in sunny California.     



EPILOG


	Thirty years later, my wife Julia and I visited Brandy and her husband down in Southern California. My legal career presented many opportunities to venture to the Golden State. We never missed the chance to visit my favourite cousin and her wonderful family. Brandy never aged a day in all these years, still as energetic as ever. We visited around the pool, sipping  homemade lemonade made from the lemon trees in Brandy’s backyard. Pepsi had been replaced as the drink of choice in her Orange County home.
	Suddenly, we heard a cheer from their three teenage kids inside the sprawling house. For Brandy and her husband were blessed with two handsome sons and a beautiful daughter. One of them poked their head out of the patio door yelling, “We launched our tech startup! And have our first customer!”    
	“Congratulations!” All four of us shouted back, clinking glasses in celebration. The pretty Brandy flashed that winning smile, leaning over taking her husband’s hand, kissing him on the cheek. “It’ll be an experience they’ll cherish forever!” 
	Brandy and I looked at each other, beginning to giggle like kids again, enjoying our own special flashback, remembering the fun and excitement of our kickoff weekend. The two of us clink glasses, fondly saluting our Greenhouse Grand Opening on Mother’s Day weekend back in 1975, and the same weekend the cannabis cash began filtering in.
	Then we assumed a more somber look, for memories of sabotage, betrayal and disappointment flooded back. We cringed, fidgeting in our chairs, feeling a twinge of anxiety for the challenges Brandy’s kids may have to face. No advice Brandy could give could prepare the kids for the upcoming ride, or soften the lows of the entrepreneurial journey. They would have to experience the highs and lows of that roller coaster ride, learning the harsh lessons for themselves. 
	Brandy turned to me with a mother’s concerned look. “Oh, I hope they hang on tight.”


