COMEDY OF TURMOILS



By Bruce Hanna 




Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Bruce Hanna


Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




About the author 
Other books by Bruce Hanna




Chapter 1


“I have this thing about tall women,
When I grow up I want to be the Seven Dwarfs.
And I got a thing about soap & water too,
You know if you use enough deodorant
You don’t need to bathe at all.” - Hugh Janus.


A black man in blue overalls stared upward at the swarthy interrogator in white shirt with sweat-stained armpits. Bloodshot brown eyes glared hatefully from both faces. The nightclub security guy caught the black caretaker resting in worktime, and he made a big deal of it. Marty Marino stood hands on hips out back of the nightclub, sneering, waiting for an answer.

Al Toogood was glad Marty Marino did not catch him reading the paperback he hastily stuffed in his hip-pocket. He took a long breath. He stared at Marty’s mouth and the neat-trimmed goatee beard round it. Al felt his hand ripen into a fist. But to hit a bully is as useless as kicking a dog for stinking. His fingers unclenched. It was not worth the risk of losing a good job.

“What’s wrong with you?” Marty barked again. “Cat got your tongue?”
 
“What’s wrong with me?” Al sneered. “I’m indigenous, aren’t I?”

Marty snarled, “I don’t give a fuck if you’ve got indigestion or heartburn. Get back to work. Is that too much to ask? You’re not on the reservation now!”

Al’s modest ambitions he described as approximately none. Marino made sure they stayed that way. Trouble began from the get-go. Al was caretaker for several years before Marty started on the job and immediately began to throw his weight round the place. Marty Marino had the same megalomaniac attitude of a redneck cop in an outback town, according to Al. He did not like Marty the bouncer or his shaved head or the gold cross on a chain round his neck or his little beard. But even more Al hated trouble. He learned his lesson as a ward of the state and when gaoled as a youth. You have to think of consequences. He wasn’t proud of the fact that he once served time, nor was he ashamed of it he said, though he seemed to be secretly both. The old man, boss Henri was broadminded. He paid no attention when Marty said you can’t trust a gaolbird no matter what its colour. Though Marty hated him, the good side for Al was Marty hated Hugh Janus even worse.

When boss Henri was away-on-business, Marty’s importance swelled. He was in charge. One of Al’s fondest memories was the occasion Marty spied the performers’ door locked.

Big boss Henri respected the performers’ territory. Little boss Marty did not. When Marty discovered the backroom door locked, he banged with the heel of his fist and demanded entry. Obtaining no response from inside, Marty was outraged. He rushed about searching for a duplicate key.

Al laughed later as he described the fiasco. Marty furiously hunted in the boss’s office. He spilled the contents of a drawer everywhere on the floor.

“Marino went mental. You should have seen him on his hands and knees...”

Then Al described Marty with his face swollen and red darting back down the corridor. 

Marty banged and yelled at the locked door, “Who is in there? Daisy, can you hear me? Hey-y-y! Answer me, Hello in there….”

Al laughed like he was on a stomach pump as he recalled how Marty thumped and kicked at the solid door. Then Marty crouched to spy through the keyhole. The view was obscured on the other side. Marty didn’t need to see more….

“Open up! I can hear what’s going on in there! Janus, is that you? I know you’re in there.”

Al had the spare key in his pocket the whole time, as Marty dashed out to the bar, searching for it. In Marty’s absence, Al moved a sheet of plasterboard to reveal a hole in the wall. He pressed his face close and peeped through.

What an eyeful. He was greeted by a ring-side shot of Daisy Cutter on her hands and knees, and from behind, Hugh Janus going at her like the clappers. Al was seized by a familiar pang of envy or jealousy, he did not know which; maybe both, it made no difference, Daisy was way out of Al’s league. She was far too good for old Henri, and she was too good for Janus too for that matter, but she seemed to not care. Al slid the plasterboard sheeting back to conceal the spyhole.

A couple of days before Henri’s return, Marty cornered Al in the back toilets, and he hissed in Al’s ear, “You were there. Remember? You must have heard them, didn’t you?”

Al said he heard nothing, and he didn’t remember anything.

 “Don’t kid me, Man! You know what was going on. You saw they locked the door. You know Janus was in there, the bastard, him and Daisy with the door locked.  Come on Al, you know as well as I do what he was up to.”

“I saw nothing,” Al said with a shake of his head, meeting Marty’s eyes. “All I remember is you wrecking the boss’s office. That was a…”

“That’s got nothing to do with it,” Marty snapped. “You just keep out of it, keep your mouth SHUT… if you know what’s good for you.”

“Okay,” said Al with a sarcastic grin. “I will if you do.”

The trouble was, though sufficiently-armed with suspicions Marty had no proof. He remembered the angry look on Henri’s face whenever the old guy heard any bad news. By the time Henri returned, Marty no longer had courage. After all, Janus and Daisy would deny everything. It would be his word against two liars. Marty had enough experience to know liars always win. He shut up. He let his hatred fester, waiting for a better chance to backstab Janus. That’s how Janus got away with blue murder, time after time. Al was amused by Janus’s narrow escapes. Like years before, Janus had a thing for a backpacking Argentine chick who worked behind the bar. The Argentinian lass and Janus were careless, and Marty Marino watched with delight as a small scandal developed. Then his chance came.

Marty shot off his mouth one busy night when Janus’s fancy-dressed wife was in earshot at the Club. Al witnessed the fracas, as Janus’s wife freaked out. Al expected her to rip Janus apart with her manicured claws. Her fine ways disappeared when she overheard Marty. The enraged wife dragged the scruffy comedian out to the backroom. She went ape-shit, screaming and chucking chairs about and smashing stuff. Then she came back out front, shoving Janus ahead of her to the bar, and she confronted Henri in front of everyone. Punters at tables and staff watched in amazement. The Argentine lass shrank behind the bar.

Janus’s wife sneered and said calmly, “Get rid of the bitch!”

Boss Henri obeyed like a schoolkid. He fired the Argentine lass on the spot. The girl gave Janus a spray of verbal abuse as she went, because Janus bowed his head and said nothing to defend her. That was all. Janus was charmed. The best part was watching Marty Marino grumble about the injustice. Jovial Janus escaped punishment in his normal way with free unlimited booze from the bar, free cigarettes and beer nuts, not to mention potting the boss’s missus on the side, doing the bar staff if he liked and getting away with it all scot-free. Most wives would have dumped him flat, but Deanna Kaye seemed perversely, almost pathologically devoted to the rascally comedian Janus.

*

Everybody in the Club overheard the scenes that night between the wild wife and her unfaithful husband. When the hullabaloo settled, the Argentine bargirl was out of the picture, Henri told Al to work back after the show to clean up the damage left by Cyclone Deanna.

The matrimonial ruckus had been heard all over the Club. Then later, when Janus came onstage the audience were in uproar at the sight of him. His T-shirt hung almost torn off his back. A big scratch shone red on his face. Nobody listened to his act. They were laughing helplessly at the sight of Janus. The humiliated comedian flustered his lines. His wife’s ballistic performance had blown him offstage before he got there. The entertainment was magnificent.

It took hours for Al to clean up the mess after the show. The front doors were finally shut. Al remembered feeling sorry for Janus at Henri’s table with his wife and the others. As Al went by one way he noticed her glare at Janus with a look of hatred. Then strangely, lugging a crate of empties on the way back Al saw a sweet smile come on her face, as though doting on an errant child. She leaned toward Janus and she kissed the scratch on his face like she owned it. Finally, with cleaning up over, as he went Al noticed the wife clinging to Janus’s arm like a daffy teen on her first date. Janus sat passively while Henri gently scolded them.

“Don’t ever do that to me again - this nightclub means The World to me.”

The eighty-year old nightclub-owner’s voice softened, eye-bags and jowls cast shadows on his face with a deceptive suggestion of frailty, “If I do only one thing before I die, I want to make this place into something. You know, artistically and legitimate-like…. It would be sort of nice to look back on when I get older….”

They were crackers, all those people. Al reckoned that was half their charm. Night folk were not normal. They did not know what normal was. But they were fun. They made life interesting. The notorious nightclub was great, Al worked in plenty worse dumps and a black ex-con was lucky to have a job at all.

From the start, the chubby caretaker had a soft spot for the kid comedian Hugh Janus. Hughie, Al called him until the kid asked him not to. The smart-ass, young punk comic was raw and carefree with a chip on his shoulder. He was adored by his wife. She was slightly-older than him. Her uncle owned the nightclub. On occasion, the wife Deanna Kaye acted in a motherly way, other times she treated Janus as a pitiable misfit. Janus was enough of a misfit without her help. On his left forearm was a crude tattoo that made Al laugh when he first saw it - a cartoon outline of male genitalia above the words Fear No Cunt.

It had a do-it-yourself look. Over twenty years the impact of the tattoo faded, and Al saw Janus grow from a skinny odd-ball, foul-mouthed youth into a flabby, dissolute, regular comedy guy. Yet the crackpot comic remained a dinkum bloke. Fame when it came did not go to his head. He treated life as a joke, same as the rest of the weird mob in Henri’s Club, where no one laughed louder than boss Henri’s volatile girlfriend, Daisy Cutter the cabaret dancer. Al was obsessed by her. He admired slyly from the corner of his eye, as she tramped round the backroom mindlessly naked. He licked his lips to glimpse her stooped and showing her knickers, if she were wearing them. He enjoyed perving as she pranced round the Club in tightly-moulded shiny pink slacks. Daisy was hot, hot-tempered and unpredictable. He had a crush on her. She scared Al. He was fascinated by her. She was a dancing, walking wank-works. Janus found her that way too, it appeared. And always in the background was Janus’s high-pressured wife, the sophisticated and snooty lawyer-lady, Deanna Kaye. As smooth as golden syrup most of the time, without warning she cut loose like a sheet of corrugated iron in a storm. It seemed only a matter of time till everything turned to shit.



Chapter 2


“My balls taste DELICIOUS. 
Twelve hundred Crab Lice can’t be wrong!”- Hugh Janus.


It was a happy time. Janus was jolly as a kid playing on the way to school, deaf to the bell ringing in the distance. Henri Kaye was celebrating a recent success. He chucked money about like chook pellets. The boss palmed dosh to Daisy, and told her to get her backside a facelift. He stuffed a wad of hundreds into Janus’s back pocket for good luck. Henri slipped Al a hundred dollar bonus, bringing tears to the black caretaker’s eyes.

“Keep it quiet, Al. It’s just for you,” boss Henri said. “Don’t tell the others.”

Janus for his part guessed the generosity came from no good. He saw Henri deliver a courier-case of cash to Deanna one night. Perhaps it was for safe-keeping or payback, possibly it was a sweetener or a pay-off. As usual, Janus turned a blind eye. The less he knew the better. It was common for his secretive wife and her wicked uncle to exchange sums of money, just as it was for them to exchange harsh words. He ignored it. He was simply glad to not be the target of either temper, especially hers. It took a lot of nerve to be her husband. And a thick hide. At the start of their relationship many years ago she brushed off his curiosity with a laugh, “You wouldn't be intersted in what I do. It’s not a job, not a real job. You might call me a conveyancer of consequences.  I don’t do things I just make them happen, and I’m good at it. You’d be bored, Darling, if I tried to explain.”

Like he was dumb enough to fall for that - he let it drop. She was lucky he did not care. She would have been disappointed, if she tried to interest him in it after all these years. He was no wiser about her business now than he was in the beginning. The last time he asked what she was up to he was surprised by the sound of his voice. Its vehemence was natural but unintended. She said nothing at first, she simply stared. He was fed up with her caginess and her snaky half-smile.

After saying next to nothing she pursed her lips then cut off further discussion, “That’s all you need to know. As if it is any of your business…”

Even years ago, her deviousness was unnecessary. Now Janus was more disinterested than ever. What annoyed him was her superior attitude.  Deanna made it clear for Janus to keep entirely out of her business. Henri was the same with his spurious foreign connections, shady investments and involvements. Legitimate or otherwise, both Deanna and Henri made clear it was none of Janus’s business.

Henri often welcomed dangerous-looking visitors to his nightclub. They flew from interstate or overseas. Or they at times appeared out of nowhere. Henri courted them with two thugs normally at his back, either for protection or to impress. Janus knew better than to ask questions. The old crook didn’t take kindly to prying.

Janus had his own problems. The comedy racket was undergoing changes. It was getting dirtier than ever. Janus felt he was being left behind by the new-wave of filth. Respectable TV comics were saying fuck and cunt on-air in prime time. That would have landed you in gaol in bygone years. Now the comedy-game was all motherfucker and cocksucker and anal-sex, terrorist snuff-jokes and two-bob each-way politically-gelded satire. Nothing was sacred anymore. Fear and hatred reigned, and free speech turned to shit on stage. It was hard. Janus concentrated on planning his performance for Henri’s big New Year party. If the boss wanted to squander money on wall-to-wall booze, drugs and happy flesh that was the boss’s business. Janus was pleased to assist.

“Hey,” Henri warned Janus. “Keep your eyes off the girls! I don’t want you giving your wife an excuse to spoil my night...”

“Sure, don’t worry about that.”

Janus was more concerned with his act. Ideas were brewing. Like what’s the difference between kissing a pussy and kissing a man with a beard? The pussy doesn’t try to stick its tongue in your mouth, lots of stuff like that. His wife wouldn’t like it, but she didn’t like whatever he did. It wasn’t big time humour. In all honesty Janus had to admit Henri’s nightclub was a grubby haven of losers and low-brow entertainment. Drink prices were stiff even so the place was no goldmine. Some nights, in the old days, the joint was near-empty. These days, crowds mysteriously improved. Nonetheless, as an environment, the Club remained trapped in a time-warp late in the previous century, with cigarette smoke in the air. Nothing had changed. Marty Marino hovered bodyguard-fashion round boss Henri.  At times Marino fluttered like a valet. Other times like a moth.

Henri’s two stony bodyguards ignored Marty. The thugs unexplainably disappeared hours at a time. Nonetheless, Marty went on whispering to Henri, as though the thugs remained listening. Besides hanging round the boss, Marty’s main function was to prowl the establishment in managerial fashion, spying and overseeing matters unnecessarily. Sometimes he rested by the nightclub entrance where he occasionally menaced an odd patron with witticisms such as: Make my day!

A magazine feature on nightspots dismissed Henri's Club as “a second-rate set for a B-grade Humphrey Bogart movie”. The snippet concluded with a short verse describing the nightclub as a “dingy downstairs dump”, and the floorshow as “fancy dress dancing by an owl-eyed frump, and so-called comedy by a foul-mouthed chump”. Daisy was insulted by the rhyme. 

“What the goddam hell is a Frump, anyway?” she sniffed.

Henri muttered he would talk to someone. Despite the bad review, Janus excitedly looked forward to Henri’s party.

*

At home, one rare early night, Deanna and Hugh snuggled on the leather lounge, relaxed in comfortable, romantic harmony.

“That was nice,” said Deanna with a wink. “We should make a New Year resolution to spend more ordinary time together.”

“Yeah,” said Janus, quickly flicking the remote button to get the news. “I can’t wait. This New Year is special. I’ve got a few new ideas for my act at Henri’s party.”

Deanna scowled but Janus didn’t notice. A gourmet pizza slowly disappeared piece by piece from a china plate on the low table nearby. Outside double-glazed windows, silent shadows of large fernery thrashed in the wind in the darkness of a high-walled garden. Inside, the room shuddered with a reporter’s voice booming amidst all-round sound of war; from giant quadraphonic speakers came the frantic Whap-Whap-Whap of helicopter blades and the thunder of heavy artillery, a barrage of explosions and bursts of automatic gunfire…

Janus cried out, carefully balancing the pizza so grease dribbled down his wrist, “Look at it! Bloody women and kids in those buildings…. Dammit - blown apart in front of a man’s eyes….”

Romance flew out the window. Deanna was sick of bad news…. and she was sick of the sight of Janus slumped morosely on the couch like a mental patient. He watched too much TV, scratching at himself and grumbling at the World. She hated Janus on stage too. She got enough of his silly rubbish at home.

“Night after night…. Boom! Boom! Boom…” Janus whined with a mouthful of pizza.

“Just look what these immoral imbeciles are doing….”

Deanna endured the gruesome, senseless bloodshed and Janus’s commentary. If griping changed anything, the World would be different. Too bad… the fact is, griping changes nothing. Things were never different. Complaining about the Ways of the World is a waste of time. Everything is about money. You play the game, or the game plays you, simple as that. Deanna knew the rules too well, after all, she considered herself a player.

She said, “If you don’t like the TV program, Hugh, switch to another channel.”

There were dozens of channels to choose from. She mentioned there was a cooking show on at least one. She hated cooking. But she liked to watch people do it. Janus swore his wife never cooked a meal in her life. She did not deny it. After the news, came the sports report and Janus muted the sound. Deanna watched without interest. Ladies hit golf balls. Men hit men. Janus licked melted cheese-grease from his fingers and he told Deanna how the night before he watched Marty the bouncer kick a small guy’s teeth down his neck on the floor of the Club. The brawl only ended when Al the aboriginal caretaker stepped in before Marty killed the guy.

“What did you do?” Deanna asked.

She wiped her hands on a linen napkin and she relit a half-smoked four-paper joint.

“No use trying to do anything. You can’t reason with a bonehead like Marty. Anyway it was none of my business. They had an argument over some prostitute.”

Janus reached toward the smoke. Deanna held it beyond his reach. She glared at his slimy fingers.

“I don’t know how any self-respecting man can have sex with a prostitute,” she muttered.

A stream of smoke swelled from her nose and mouth. Janus saw the look on her face, glaring at him like a dragon, and he shut up, before he said what he was thinking. They were meaningless words she would find offensive. Yet the gag appealed to him and days later he used the idea in his comedy act. It got a few laughs, not a nice joke, but what’s nice? The World is a mess, a maelstrom in fact, and Janus loved the worldwide insanity as an addict loves the drug eating-away all other meaning. He railed at life’s failings with fascination. His own problems he treated with regal detachment. He thought himself a master of life’s syncopated chaos, secure in his portion of all-consuming universal turbulence. Whether his life was on the up-and-up or going-nowhere, things could be worse. Just ask the guy Marty gave a kicking to.

*

Christmas came and went. Christmas meant nothing to anyone in Henri’s Club, beyond a few dismal decorations and extra dollars in the till. Work was busier than normal. Arriving early at the Club one night before the New Year, Janus gave a weak wave to Marty Marino and he hurried through the darkened venue.

In the back passageway the chubby caretaker Al was hefting aluminium kegs onto a stack. Interrupting his grunts of exertion, Al enquired why Janus was in a hurry.

“I’m busting for a crap,” Janus said.

“Hey brother, you must be a Boss, if you got time to take a shit,” chuckled the sweaty black man.

Al slapped dust off his hands, and said, “Hey! I’ve got a joke to tell you….”

Al always had a joke to tell. It had to wait. Janus made it to the musty dunny, barely in time to drop his trousers. Ah-h-h-h! The creative process arrived at the moment of performance. Intense relief and pleasure were unspoiled by run-down surroundings and the dull dripping of rusty pipes. With a shiver Janus enjoyed the philosophical fullness, the sudden yield of resistance, and the easy slide of well-worked material, a pause for effect, the surging culmination and effortless delivery, and the slosh of applause that followed. Ah-h-h! Yes! The mystery of Life was therein contained in three elements: Creation! Performance! Fulfilment!

Janus sat absorbed in gratified humidity, cooling-down vaguely, an emotion similar to coming offstage. He reached for the paper roll. He sucked air through teeth as he wiped… Micro-fibres of tissue gnawed his tenderly sensitive flesh. He flushed and departed from the cubicle. He wetted and dried his hands over the grime-stained porcelain basin, ignoring soap in a nearby crockery dish. With time to go before the show, Janus gravitated to the bar.

The topless bargirl with splendidly tattooed breasts slyly raised a cupped palm to her lips. She shot in her mouth something too small to be seen. Janus smiled. From behind a mask of indifference he watched closely…. her face mostly. He savoured her immodesty. She avoided his eyes, but she spied him in the mirror. His intense look pleased her. He saw in the mirror a smile creep on her lips. The crazy little pill freak was half his age, far too young for anything but his private thoughts… My, my, my….

Janus never understood women. And they too, his wife for instance, they did not understand him. Maybe just as well! His marriage was already rocky. He was thinking of his wife as he retreated from the bar with a whiskey and a pack of nuts for his pal, Al. He congratulated himself how wise he was to keep away from the dark-eyed tattooed bargirl. The ongoing effort drew a heavy sigh from him.

Janus smoothly cruised out of sight. When time came he sprang onstage, his gaze perused the dim shadows of the audience, his voice booming from the PA: “Felicitations Flesh-Eaters, Fisters and Felchers… Welcome to Henri's Club...”

Behind the bar, young Maria slipped a folded fifty out of sight into her handbag with lizard-like eyes innocently stage-ward. The scruffy middle-aged comedian sprayed the microphone with glints of verbiage-borne saliva. In the glare of stage-lights, elevated and illuminated, Hugh Janus sweat through his familiar routine.

Mandy, the waitress muttered to Maria, “What the Hell is a Felcher??? My God, he is such a reprobate, this guy! His clothes need burning, not washing… with him IN them preferably.” 

Onstage Janus scratched his behind like a child who knows no better. He hit out a joke into the audience-shadows beyond the heat of stage-lit glare.

“Life is hard, isn’t it? You gotta be tough to survive, eh? I’m tough. Yeah, real tough - I’m so tough it frightens me. Every time I hear myself fart, I shit myself.”

It was not a home-run. A voice yelled from the edge of the scattered shadows.

“I wondered where that stink was coming from!”

Without a look, Janus gave a finger in the heckler’s direction, as he groaned into the microphone, “It’s hard to be tough when you’re poor. We were so poor in the old days when I was young. I thought people who wore shoes had no feet.”

His delivery rolled lazily, a light laughter followed.

“We were so poor we didn’t know what poverty was. Our Mum sent us out at night to shit in the front yard! She was trying to impress people! She figured folks passing in the street next day would see the turds among the weeds… and they would think we were rich enough to own a dog!”

Behind the bar Maria shook her head. Beads of perspiration trickled, as she worked like a wind-up doll. More punters drifted in. The audience swelled to a decent size. Maria glanced at the stage with half a smile. She’d heard the patter before.

“Our Mum didn’t wear make-up. No jewels, no fancy hoo-ha, like underclothes and all that middle-class bullshit,” Janus bellowed, with an occasional pause, glaring one moment defiantly the next eyes-glazed dementedly at shady shapes beyond the bright lights burning his face. 

“We were very down to earth at our place - literally Down to Earth! You can’t get any more down to earth than we did in the winter… no damn electricity bills for us mob… we chopped up the floorboards for firewood.”

He gave an evil grin.

“Posh luxuries… like toilet paper… hey, they were too snooty for us. But it was not easy - let me tell you, it was a fucking hassle when it came time to wipe your bum! In our dunny you needed a magnifying glass - to find a clean spot on the wall to wipe your finger.”

He carefully wiped his finger in mid-air on an imaginary wall, inspecting it closely and giving his fingertip a close sniff, raising a couple of lonely howls of disgust or laughter.

“Toilet paper was a status symbol in our street. Of course, we wanted to raise our prestige as much as the next no-hopers … and we got a batch of stuff from the public toilets at the local footy ground. That’s not stealing it’s free enterprise… well, free dunny paper anyway! That was the best bit, watching our neighbours’ jealous sneers. I bet they wished they thought of it first. You could see their green eyes staring through curtain-holes as they watched us dancing down the street with our pockets full of the dunny paper we collected… good stuff too – most of it almost unused.

“It’s all a case of using your brains creatively in the spirit of enterprise. Get in first, grab it fast, and get out before you get caught. We discovered the less-soiled tissues made excellent face wipes too!” Janus popped his eyes wide.

“They would have been handy for wrapping a school lunch if we had one.”

He was delighted with a loud groan close to the stage.

Watching in the bar mirror as she fixed drinks, Maria wondered why she found Janus interesting. It was not his humour. He evinced a certain grubby cred. The rude tattoo on his arm was something else. Still, he remained an average-looking oldish guy. Probably less than average to be honest…. She had little interest in the gags booming from the loudspeakers, as she pumped beers. Yet, she felt a slow, involuntary response rise from within herself to the tone of Janus’s voice. 
 
“We couldn’t afford a funeral when Grandpa died....so we dumped his corpse on the couch and left him there. Grandma was full of praise. She said it was the first time in fifty years he let her get in a word edgeways!

“Yeah, you should have seen Granny’s eyes sparkle…. Then she began to get frisky. When we heard her rubbing her thighs together we knew something was going on. She said a man with listening skills does that to a woman. We had to be ready for when she came back on heat and tried to romance Grandpa’s carcass again.”

Janus made a flamboyant show of disbelief. There was an awkward moment of great quietness in which glasses could be heard clashing behind the bar, before he continued.

“Then our stuck-up neighbours took up a petition about the smell. Health Department inspectors raided us in a truck. They tried to wrap up Grandpa in a rubber tarpaulin and take him away. Poor old Granny freaked out! She sprayed the inspectors with her colostomy bag…. And she fought them off with her walking stick…. She was no shrinking violet, our old Granma! She raised herself to her full height, which wasn’t much…. she would have been knee-high to a dinner table if we had one… Yet all the same she was a frightful sight with the back of her dress tucked into the leather chastity belt that our Mum forced her to wear after her first date with Grandpa’s corpse on the couch.

“Old Grandma gave a blood-curdling yell! She screamed at the Health Inspectors, You can’t take him, I love him, she cried: Go to Bloody Hell! Don’t take him now - I’m just starting to get used to the smell!”

Janus finished his final set suddenly. He thanked the crowd and disappeared offstage, as punters raised their eyes from their ashtrays and realised he was no longer there. It was a dull night for everyone.

Long after the show, the nightclub’s solo dancer sat at the bar. A hint of dim fatigue glowed from Daisy Cutter’s powdered face. Raised brows pencilled above her eyes gave her a look of permanent surprise. Faint vertical creases above her bright red upper lip and crowfeet at the corners of her eyes complimented slight wrinkles round her neck. She decorated the bar stool with the air of a lady with a half eye out for a customer. Dispensed with her exotic stage costume, now in a pair of skin-tight pink slacks and a loose top revealing pale smoothness snugged loose in a scanty lace bra, she stirred rum and black soda with a swizzle stick. She drank from the glass, while behind the bar between stacking glassware and wiping surfaces, bargirl Maria slipped into a blouse. Maria buttoned the blouse partway. Daisy sneered with admiration at a startling fringe of tattoo either side the young woman’s deep cleavage. She saw breasts that required no support. Both women groused about life, without much listening to the other. Daisy castigated men in general, a worthless lot except for maybe one or two... maybe! Maria bemoaned a disappointing childhood, and life on the street as a teenage runaway….

Blah-blah-blah….

Yeah, blah-blah-blah….

The bargirl fell silent in mid-sentence and lowered her eyes when Janus wandered near. In the mirror, Daisy saw reflected behind her shoulder, Janus’s smirk of sly curiosity. The bargirl ignored the comedian too obviously. Out of the girl’s sight, Janus patted Daisy’s backside like he didn’t mean it. It didn’t fool her. She summarised her secret thoughts aloud, like a lonely, bored nutcase.

“Bah!”

Later, she wandered among empty chairs in direction of the backroom, she lingered where Henri sat, at his table of glasses, bottles, ashtray and ash. Daisy resisted an urge to clean and tidy it. She discretely glanced over her shoulder, toward Janus at the bar bullshitting to young Maria.

Daisy sneered to Henri, “That bloody Maria makes me laugh. She guts-aches what a tough life she had! Humph! She’s had it easy. You know her trouble? She hasn't been hurt enough yet, to no-longer care...”

Henri sneered and blew a smoke cloud into Daisy’s heavily made-up face.

“Everybody thinks they have it tough! If the young bitch wants to know what a tough time is, I'll show her what a Tough Time is. Ha-ha! Send her to me. I have the perfect job for her tight little two-way street.”

“Yeah, I’m sure she’d thank me for that, Daddy,” Daisy laughed, and Henri called for another bottle, with a vigorous wave of his hand at Maria.

With sign-language Henri indicated what he wanted. The bargirl now fully-clothed gritted her teeth in a smile and slid the bag-strap off her shoulder. She dumped the bag out of sight under the bar. Janus strolled over from the bar and joined Henri and Daisy. He slumped lazily on the nearest empty chair as Henri waved his cigar with a flick. A big ash floated gracefully in the air.

“This rubbishy booze might be alright for the punters but it upsets my pancreas. Here, you finish it if you want. It tastes like methanol-laced dead woman’s piss.”

Henri growled, shoving a near-empty bottle toward Janus. Then Henri glared at Maria when she tabled two bottles of Russian stuff. She paid no attention to the boss, she was eyeing Janus. Daisy stared coldly as Janus had a side-glance at Maria’s departing backside, and Henri ripped the lid off one bottle, sploshing vodka at a short glass. Janus followed suit but he added as much water and he poured another for Daisy.

“Bloody kids have a sheltered life these damned days,” Henri growled.

He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth, capturing dribble from swollen lips, “Bloody girls with tattoos, and guys who don’t even carry a knife! Now they all wanna wave round a pop-gun. In my day only weak bastards carried a piece. What an ass-about fuck up. They think they have it tough now. Bah! And you….”

Henri Kaye gave Janus a few tips to improve his act.

“A thousand spots do not a leopard make, and a string of sick jokes does not make a comedian. Don’t tell me you never heard of Shecky Greene. What about Milton Berle and Red Skelton, surely. You should watch some old Jack Benny movies, he was a star. Those yanks had class when comedy had class! Not like nowadays. They could crack a joke that’d crack you up. And you never once heard them talking filth. Don’t forget, not everyone in the audience wants to be dragged down the fucking gutter-mouthed drain. Subtlety, my boy, that’s the secret of good comedy. That’s a fact you need to wake up to.”

Daisy smirked, as with a fingernail she fished a flake of ash from her drink. She could see Janus wasn’t listening to Henri, though he nodded compliantly. Janus sighed wearily.

No one heard of some of the guys Henri was talking about. They might have been disciples of Jesus for all Janus cared. Daisy grinned, imagining where Janus’s thoughts were. Up to their balls in the young tattooed tart Maria she guessed. Henri gave Daisy a threatening look. Daisy did not notice till almost too late, Henri raised the back of his hand. Only at the last moment, satisfied with her sudden look of fright, only then Henri decided to not smack the grin off her face….

“You moll!” Henri sneered. “You’ve got nothing to laugh about! Did you sign up for that weight-loss program like I told you? You need to do something about your ass, old girl. Liposuction… or Botox… anything! I don’t know. Open it up as a fucking amusement ride or something. Christ or mighty. Those Arabs aren’t stupid, the way they cover up their tarts….”

Janus was wondering if Deanna would arrive soon to drive him home. Henri would not talk like such a pig to Daisy if Deanna was around. If Deanna was not coming, she should have let him know already. He could ring her to check, she might answer her phone. He hoped she was working late. She might easily be preparing a case, making hours of overseas calls, or whatever she did.

Janus was amused by his wife’s cell-phone gobbledegook. Beshushu was one phrase he caught onto, because of the look on her face when she said it. He asked what it meant one time. When she told him he was disappointed. The rest went straight over his head. It was all like Chinese with her… “Sha zanglang…. and …dongji gae geulgeul boja…” It may have been Swahili. The damn woman could talk ten languages, but she could not boil an egg.  And if she was not involved in some conspiratorial intrigue she probably had a date with her man-hating lady friends, or perhaps an appointment with her psychologist, or psychiatrist, or psychic, whatever bullshit therapy she was into these days. Janus had his own problems and his own therapy needs. If his way were clear he might visit Blanche Appleby, or even the pleasant little Asian migrant girl of whom he was increasingly fond.

Janus felt his wife should have the decency to let him know what she was doing. Meanwhile, Henri droned-on with his critique of Janus’s performance. Janus shut his mind to the corpulent old madman’s raving. Janus thought his act was hotting up better than Henri gave credit. He sometimes received positive feedback.

Al Toogood for instance was Janus’s biggest fan. Odd-job Al said Janus’s act was great, though Al never saw much he liked what he saw. Al liked to get away each day immediately his work was over, early in the show. Sooner if he was lucky.

He liked to leave the main vacuuming and clean-up for next day. It gave the carpet a chance to dry overnight. The funny little guy said he loved the Club, but not as much as he liked to get away from it. He had things to do at home…. and anyway, on his pay he could not afford nightclub-priced drinks.

Janus found his glass empty at his lips. He poured another drink, ignoring Henri’s voice, as a long-term prisoner might risk ignoring the warder’s voice at roll call. Janus remembered Al one time saying the closed-in atmosphere of the nightclub was a reminder of gaol, the few times authorities put on a show for prisoners. The difference was in the Club there were no screws standing guard… except for idiot Marty who didn’t count.

Al said, the worst thing about gaol is waking in the morning, to the smell of concrete… and to look round at thick walls and metal screens on the window and the heavy locked door, and suddenly it sinks in and you realise it’s not a nightmare, it’s reality! When he spoke of being locked up, Al shuddered like he was caught in an icy draft. His jelly jowls quivered, and he laughed like it was a joke. Janus thought the little guy was….

Huh!!!

…Janus flinched as Henri shouted, “Hey, have you gone fucking deaf, you asshole?”

With an unpleasant shock, Janus became aware where he was. Daisy was nowhere in sight.

Henri grumbled, “I said, where is your wife? Is she coming to get you or what? Or are you going to sleep here tonight, with the roaches?”

Henri spat aside at the carpet and snarled, “You look like you’ve fallen asleep already, you dummy.”

*

Show time again - next night, Hugh Janus ran with familiar gags about imaginary childhood poverty. He had a million of them.

“Like the time Grandma had conjunctivitis. I used the pus from her eyes for toothpaste! Poor old Grandma…. she struggled like crazy to get away from the toothbrush. She said the bristles scratched holes in her eyeballs….

Janus gave a helpless headshake, enjoying a few more than the usual awkward laughs.
 
“We need to make sacrifices. That’s what it’s all about. My poor old Mum had it figured out. Economic restraint equals enterprise and initiative!!! Why pay for milk and bread and the daily newspaper at the shop, like ordinary suckers. We had it delivered free!

“Why not? We had Aspirations. Poor people are people too. We used our initiative and our get-up-and-go. Yeah, we got up and we got out, and we had a go!!!  Nice and early each morning, we got up, we got out, and we’d go scampering round to the rich neighbours’ doorsteps round the corner… there we picked up our free milk and our free bread deliveries, and the free newspaper – grabbing our deliveries off the neighbourhood doorsteps before the stuff had a chance to disappear.

“Same down the local shops. I became a Professional Shoplifter before I knew what money was. Just walk into the store with your empty pockets, fill them up and walk out. It made perfect sense. I thought THAT was Shopping!!!”

Meanwhile, Mandy and Maria muttered at the bar, their voices fighting the amplified howl. The waitress complained to the bargirl, “I don’t get this guy. It’s not like I’m dumb. I’ve got a degree and all. I just don’t see what’s so funny.”

Onstage the voice of Janus roared, unwinding another roll of gags, “I had no books when I went to school…. but I had a stack of books by the time I went home! My reputation was terrible, Man! The school doctor said my appendicitis was an Inside Job….

“At home we had to keep our stuff hidden. Otherwise the coppers would find it when they searched our place. They came snooping every time something went missing in the neighbourhood. A bunch of them came looking for our Dad once… how ridiculous! We had a good old laugh at that…”

Janus laughed, shaking sweat from his face then he shrieked…“We were Too Poor to have a Father!”

He gave a helpless shake of his head. He raised his gaze toward the ceiling, catching his breath.

“And holy fuck, the coppers - one time they came… and they kicked down our wall… because of course, we couldn’t afford a door! Later, we discovered they weren’t police at all. They were Social Workers!”

Janus loved his poor-child patter but they were nonsense. In fact he had a privileged background, his father a highly respected member of the law fraternity, a bitterly religious and wealthy man. Janus was still a baby when his father was elevated to prominence as a Judge. Janus grew up in what he referred to as “the compost of comfort enriched with nutrients of old money, influence and hypocrisy”.

All was provided in the boyhood of Janus, from simple material extravagances and overseas holidays, to private school education and prestige orthodontics. But he never felt loved as a child. Sure he belonged in the family, as much as would an adopted orphan resented by siblings and parents alike. Janus felt condemned by verdict of his father. His father pronounced Janus as suffering an excess of maternal DNA.

When drunk his father laughed to family friends that son Hugh was a stray shot, with subsequent children all bulls-eyes.

Janus wondered was he the product of an illicit parental liaison. Did they tolerate his presence purely to avoid scandal? Deep down he suspected he had been given at birth to the wrong family, after a mix-up in the maternity hospital. He hoped so. He was therefore simultaneously disgruntled and consoled through his growing years, when so many family friends remarked he looked like no one in his family.

Visiting the homes of relatives Janus noticed household pets religiously skulked from the old man’s proximity, Janus knew how they felt. On social occasions, when old Judge Janus smiled at small children, they shied away. It was the same with his eldest child, Hugh, although the boy gave the father little reason to smile. There were too many ill-feelings between father and son. As time went by, the old man spoke only to complain about lack of piety, disrespect for authority, drugs, sloth, drunkenness, wastefulness and politics, among the myriad failings of the lackadaisical son. Janus abandoned his family and swore he would never speak to his rotten law-grinding bastard of a father again. He had not communicated with his parents in ten years.

Janus was far fonder of his imaginary, poverty-stricken, fatherless family, and the fun he never had as a child, ruled by a domineering father, and feeling unloved by a perpetually-distracted mother. When he got rolling on stage, he found it hard to stop…    

“One time when I was a kid we came up with a plan to improve our financial situation. We hid in the dark pretending no-one was home. Our idea was to wait for Good Luck to come along. So we waited, ready to leap out and grab the first idiot who broke into our house…..

“We waited… we were bursting… bursting out of our skins with excitement for when the robbers came in… and Whacko! They were goners... we were going to rob them and chuck them out in the street. Simple as that, we thought.

“To help plans go smoothly, we did not want to raise suspicions, so we painted a sign on the fence… We Are Not Hiding Inside to bash the living-fuck out of you!

At this point Janus pretended he was possessed by uncontrollable laughter, unable to stop from cracking up. He laughed a bit and parts of the audience joined him.

“We hid in the dark for hours… for hours, Man… poised like this….”

Janus adopted a panther-like posture.

“…ready to spring out and inflict grievous bodily harm…. And you know - like all good plans, it seemed a good idea at the time, delicately balanced between No-Success-At-All and Total-Failure!

“Unfortunately, the only victim to fall into our trap was our Granny! We plunged a bag over her head…. and we wrapped a rope around her neck… For a moment we almost subdued her…. but she lashed out, and she thrashed about, and she gnashed and finally… she bit through the bag, savaging everything she could reach…”

Janus acted crazy, shaking all over with a manic expression, flinging his arms with blood-curdling sounds like a demented dervish, “She was like the Tasmanian devil… Gr-r-r-r-r-r-r!!! Wragh-gh-gh!!! Nhg-g-g-g-argh-gh-gh!!!!!

“The old girl was spitting and barking at the same time. You know, poor old Granny, she didn’t have a tooth in her head, but she could rip the cap off a beer bottle with her bare gums. They were razor sharp, worse than a wobbegong. And she kicked like a camel pissing on an electric fence. 

“Oh Man, her toenails were gnarled black like grizzly bear claws - she finally managed to fight us off with her walking stick and swinging her colostomy bag round her head by its rubber tube….. I tell you that thing hurt more than you think - it was full of damn kidney stones.”

Janus made a furious charade of twirling an invisible mace on a chain round his head and gnashing with his teeth and kicking at mid-air like an old mad lady, thrashing to and fro an invisible weapon. He paused, heavily sucking up deep breaths with a shy smile, slyly scratching his behind. Sweat lacquered his brow.

“Man! They were good old days, eh? On Christmas mornings we would gather a pile of newspapers and we would rip them to shreds. Then we’d loudly crumple the pages into big balls… and rip them up again! Wow, we laughed so hard, it hurt. Then we would howl with fake surprise! WHOOPEE-EE-EE!!! We hoped our neighbours would hear the celebrations. We hoped they would be jealous of us when they heard us unwrapping such good gifts & presents….

“Bah! We had no gifts. We had nothing! Our house was too poor to even have a chimney for Santa to climb down. None-the-less, we did our best. Poor as we were, we tried to keep up appearances…… mainly by keeping out of sight.”

After sturdy laughs petered out with the last couple of gags, Janus felt the routine went on too long. Perhaps his pitch was too cerebral, or whatever. It wound down wearily and ended to a subdued audience reaction. After his first set Janus intercepted Al rushing out the door to go home. Janus asked the little chubby guy what he thought of the show so far.

“Great mate,” Al chuckled, “It reminded me of the good old days, long ago at home when I was a kid, before the Welfare took me away.”

*

The stand-up comedian was happy as a worm wriggling in a dog's bum. His life was nothing but reckless fun, with no idea of the shit to come. Janus was aloof from responsibility and impervious to criticism. Until his troubles began, Janus had nothing but a good time.

In his youth, family friends said Hugh was in his ways more like the mother than the father, which he took as added criticism. She was a gushy woman in public, fussing over other children more than her own; but Janus recalled in private her attention never came but in drabs. She was concerned only with appearances and mainly her own. Janus therefore grew a problem-child, irked with self-pity and ingrained loneliness.

Grown-up, he delighted in provoking disgust. The sour reflections of adult-Janus drew from a deep well of childhood alienation, which onstage he spiced with sarcasm and obscenity.

Al the caretaker was impressed by Janus’s confrontational ardour on stage, and his rebellious attitude in life. But Al knew next to nothing of Janus’s past, only that Janus came from a rich family, and Al didn’t hold it against the guy. A man is not to be judged by the colour of his father’s bank balance any more than by the colour of his father’s skin. Nothing seemed to bug Janus. Of course, there were many things about the comedian Al could not and would not ever know. He had no idea where Janus got money. Al figured Janus was paid for the nightclub act. He overheard Janus and Henri talking money many times. They sounded like a disgruntled son too lazy to leave home and a disinterested father.

Unknown to Al, Janus had a debit card that frequently leaked him a few hundred bucks from one of his wife’s accounts. There were times Janus pleased her well and she would give him extra cash-gifts. Janus was uneasy about her occasional generosity, similar to situations in which a man might tip a prostitute. On the other hand in drunken arguments Deanna sometimes flung money like it was dirt in his face. Janus was not too proud on such occasions to gather the notes from the floor and to later put them to good use.

Al saw Janus and his wife at the Club enjoying their sometimes strained, but seemingly happy marriage. As a poor, hard-working, lonesome Aboriginal man, Al had a lot less going for him than Janus did. Al envied Janus, in an admiring way. In the midst of casual conversation Al once asked Janus about the secret of his success.

“You’re a lucky guy - you have a successful career as a comedian, a happy marriage, and a good life… Things go right for you. So what’s your philosophy?”

Janus scratched his behind and laughed, “Happy and Successful??? I don’t know about that.”

Then he scratched his head and thought aloud, “People should just relax. Let things take their course. They will anyway, no matter what you do. Nothing is worth taking seriously.”

Al nodded with a smile. At least if nothing else, Janus seemed to take himself seriously. He was helpless as a kangaroo blinded by headlights on the highway, on stage in the spotlight with all eyes upon him. Janus expanded on his thought like a patient under hypnosis. He snapped out of it.

“What about your popularity? That shows people take you seriously,” said Al, “They come to see you on stage. Isn’t that something?”

Janus gestured vaguely, “All this comedy stuff is just empty packaging. I’m serious. I don’t want people to laugh. I want them to listen and think! That’s all. We all need to get out of our comfort zone. Popularity means nothing. It’s shit. The less people like what I do, the more I don’t care. The only real comfort I get out of life is to know there are a lot of people a lot worse than me.”

Al didn’t understand it all, but he enjoyed listening to Janus’s friendly bullshit. Later that night, Al wiped his face on his shirtsleeve, and he considered what Janus said. With a long-handled brush Al scrubbed the stained porcelain of a needy toilet bowl. Sure, Janus had luck on his side. The danger was Janus had no fear of consequences. Life was yet to teach him a man is never smart he thinks he is. Fact is, if you’ve got guts enough to try your luck, you can get away with anything. But you’ll only get away with it until you get caught.



Chapter 3


“We were so poor when I was a kid we couldn’t even afford to feel ashamed.”
- Hugh Janus.


Janus barely had a worry. He was preoccupied with improving his act, and listening to his wife complaining about it. At the same time he strove to escape the maudlin moods of Henry Kaye. The nightclub boss made a habit of descending on Janus after shows in old-school gangster fashion, with a deepening voice and heavy eyelids.

“Janus my boy, Janus my boy, not all murders is murders. How many times have I told you? Most so-called murders are no more than mere killings.”

Henry’s conversation was a graphic morass of nostalgia, some dating back before a war almost no one remembered.

Henri growled, “Many halfway-houses lie on the road between murder and a mere killing. Believe me. I know what I'm talking about. It’s all madness.”

Henri’s bogeyman talk went in one ear and out the other. In those happy days, Janus mentioned to Henri he was looking forward to performing at the big New Year party.

Henri laughed, “Don't be insane, Janus! I want to impress people, not depress them.”

Janus knew his act was better than Henri admitted. True, Janus’s hard-edged humour provoked negative reactions, like in the old days when terrorists destroyed the twin towers of the World Trade Centre in New York, Janus ran a routine with a bit that began blandly.

“Hey, the Trade Centre is gone, but The Trade Still Goes On….”

He raised his hands like they were covered in dirt.

“Poor cunts are starving and slaughtered all around the World same as ever!!! And the bastards at the top, whatever the colour of their money or their ass or their religious ammunition – they’re getting richer than ever from it. Meanwhile both sides go on killing more innocent civilians than they kill enemies. How stupid is that? Dumb fist-fuckers in suicide vests jerking themselves off on street-corners for a headline!!!

“And how stupid are the terrorists? Motherfuck’s hit the wrong building. They should have took-out Fort Knox! What is it with terrorists? They are so-o-o-o… Duh-uh-uh-h-h… not-very-bright, Man! Huh? Crashing aeroplanes into innocent skyscrapers? What’s that?  Like…. Hey, don't worry about the in-flight meal, Fat Abdul! Just aim at the cafeteria on the 33rd floor! We can fry some office workers!

“Hey, that's really dumb. Isn't it? But what's totally-dumb is the Americans in the first place trained Osama Bin Laden to go crazy, and then… then they fucking trained his fucking half-wit terrorists to fly the fucking planes … And let me tell you, they even built the goddam building for them to crash into!” 

Unperturbed by groans and protests among the audience, Janus had more…. “Like, should a rapist come to your house and ask about your wife. Hey buddy, can you teach me what turns her on in bed? What makes her fly-y-y-y...?”

Janus shook his head…

“Do you roll out the red-carpet and the whiteboard? Do you pass round the cheese and bickies? Or fucking cookies, or whatever!!! Do you commence dot-pointing your best cock pit procedures – all about feathering the flaps…. And just kiss the throttle or something????”

Janus did an obscene mime. Then he licked a finger and flipped through an invisible training manual.

“Good morning class. Today let's talk about pre-take-off foreplay, altitude, angle, attitude…. Speed… and… Thrust! Get her turbines whirling, goddam it….. Slam her into Full Thrust… give it to her - wide-opennnnn…. “

Janus gave a look round and quipped aside, “What’s for dinner darling? LOOK OUT! Here she comes, keep her coming, here we go-o-o… And… LIFT OFF!”

Janus sprang in the air with a great show of bare belly and he landed awkwardly, that got laughs.

“Do you rub your hands together and say, Thank you, Sir! Simply sign the enrolment form! Right here, Sir! Are you paying by credit card or cash? And precisely where do you want the plane to crash? Not near my house I hope!”

Janus was astonished. Everyone, even daffy Daisy said the routine was in bad taste. And it wasn’t very funny. Bah! She had no taste, she lived with Henri! At first Janus said the routine was not a joke, it was satire, merely obvious observations.  Henri said that made it worse. Janus shut up, since Henri had recently assaulted him behind the stage curtain, and threatened him with a gun in his face over another harmless gag.

Following the Twin Towers joke, Marty Marino gave his expert opinion, “Too soon, Janus…. far too soon….”

“It's always too soon,” Janus hissed. “Until it's too damn late and everyone forgot about it.” 

Janus crawled into his psychological shell. At home he got no support. When he complained, his wife taunted him for days. She sneered, “After all these years shooting your mouth off, ha-ha, you've shot yourself in the foot again.”

Janus complained to Maria the bargirl about his wife:

“How would she know? She didn't even see the show,” he moaned.

Maria took a deep breath. Her brightly-illustrated breasts rose and she made a sympathetic murmur. That gave Janus a measure of comfort. He regarded her fondly because of it. Likewise he regarded her beguiling artwork. The crisp and bright ink on silky-textured pallid flesh curved away into shadows. He absent-mindedly scratched his backside. Maria noticed a strange smile transform Janus’s face, as he enjoyed the twin pleasures of one itch scratched and another tickled by the thought of how the tattoos on Maria’s glorious breasts must have hurt her to receive the vibrant penetration of the needle, there on such tender flesh. He remembered the painful little tattoo on his arm. His admiration focused on a naked she-devil astride a tiger leaping across one breast toward flowers and pretty stuff adorning the other. One paw near touched the girl’s tiny dark nipple that changed colour from brown to pink, depending how Janus’s eye caught it in the light.

“You like them?” Maria asked.

“Maybe I should get another one for myself,” grumbled Janus. “This time tattooed on my back…. a life-size hand holding a dagger stabbing me between the shoulder blades….”

Troubles aside, Janus went on with the show, for better or worse, night after night, taunted by hecklers and harassed by the boss, nagged by his wife and craving to be understood and appreciated.

“How do you tell the colour of a politician’s eyes?  I’ll tell you, eh! First you pull his head out of his ass and then wash the bullshit off his face… That’s how. And something else, those politicians appreciate it. Yes they do. They appreciate it. Some of them suckers haven’t seen the outside world in fifty years….

“And, hey-y-y-y…. What is it with dreams and nightmares? Man! They freak me out. Either they're so good… like when you wake up… you know… your life seems like boring crap in comparison. Or when dreams get bad – I mean really bad dreams – you wake up screaming! Holy fuck, I know I do. There are some dreams I have I hope they never come true.

“Of course, we all know the great Martin Luther King had a dream. And just look at where it got him. Look at the poor dude now. It haunts him still, it haunts him yet…. He's been dead forty years and he can’t shut up about it! I heard him again the other night on TV. I Have a Dream, he goes about ten times… I Have a Dream, I Have a Dream…. like he is the only one who ever had a dream! But it’s a lie – he don’t have a dream! Dead people don’t have dreams. Mr King is dead. We all saw the bullet-hole in his head. We are the ones now doing all the dreaming… In MY dream…. true story, folks…. all my friends are dead. I’m the only one left alive… Do you get it? You’re all dead too, wiped out, slaughtered as-all-fuck…. Worse than slaughter, it’s a pure B-grade, Hollywood Quentin Tarentino massacre... or a busy night in a blacked-out Gaza emergency ward...”

Janus breathed heavily, staring with lost eyes. Then he snapped his fingers as though remembering something.

He cried out to the crowd of shadows in the gloom, “In my dream I’m grieving, Man… desolate and deserted…  Oh-h-h, I’m so-o-o-o abso-lutely alone in the World, bathed in sweat, dripping with warm blood… streets are littered with corpses, body parts and cadavers… my life is shattered and I wondered was I the cause of all this carnage? I get the bad feeling it was me who ruined everything… was I the one? Me and my worthless life! Guilt and shame! Now it’s all gone, my wife and my friends are all dead. My hands are covered in their blood. Spooky shit! True story, I kid you not….”

The audience didn’t seem to get it. They gave back nothing. Janus glared.

“Maybe it's my guilty conscience, but I have a lot of these god-awful nightmares. It’s always the same. Not very masculine, I tell you. Total failure and disaster…. I’m bawling in my sleep, tortured…. and I think to myself, Oh, Fuck No! I feel so helpless to look round at all the bodies… and I hold the dearest one in my arms – damn, she’s so precious to me… though I only met her 20 minutes ago. (Talk about lost opportunity.) I cling to her, helplessly… I’m trembling, weeping…  I heard the roar of trucks and tanks… and gunfire and screaming everywhere… it was shaking shit out of me and everything all-round the place…. bricks and tiles were falling out of the sky…”

Janus swept an aggressive stare of defiance from wall to wall across the audience of stunned silence….

“That's when I realise what the fuck was going on!!! What a piss-off! It was no Dream…. worse than that – I was trapped a globalised nightmare. The war was going on inside my head. Fuck me dead… I was collateral damage in an American blitzkrieg in a motherfucking televised Baghdad air raid!!!” 

It wasn’t his best, but Janus enjoyed his performance. Bugger everybody else. The image he attempted to project on stage was relaxed intimacy in denims and T-shirt, usually barefoot, but often in comfortable old runners, just like real life at home. Sure the routine was a fraction rough, but it wasn’t forced and it wasn’t false. What it lacked in laughs it made up for with integrity. He felt vaguely relevant.
 
*

As days counted toward Henri’s big party, and the excitement that followed, Henri celebrated non-stop, receiving a stream of visitors, going through a case of cognac a night. When he had a spare moment Henri reminisced incessantly. Janus complained to his wife, listening to Henri was like sitting through an endlessly replayed horror movie, but she gave no sympathy.

After the show one night Henri asked Janus, “You know what I think of Death?”

Janus gave a dry swallow. Henri barely paused for breath. Straight away he explained, “When I was young, death seemed a thing only for others. Not for me, though it was everywhere all around. I waded through it, literally waded through it. I remember places treading on bodies in the dark, some of them dead. Others… not yet….”

Henri wiped dampness from his cheek, either a tear or perspiration.

“It made you sick listening to them groan, just skin and bone and oozing sores. You’d want to strangle them to shut them up. It would have been kind to do if you had time. I can still see the empty, staring eyes, clear as daylight, staring right through me…” Henri said, “Help them? I couldn’t do a thing. I can still feel bones snap under my boots…. like twigs…. Damned emaciated they was, you can't even begin to imagine what that means…. let alone the stink!”

Blinking away memories, Henri spat on the carpet and said his next trip Over There might be his last, and if he died There it would make him happy. Janus stared down to where Henri spat in the darkness….

“Ha-ha…. Happy! Huh! I’ll tell you what happiness is…” Henri snarled.

In slow motion Janus sipped from his glass. Marty watched from behind the curtained entrance, lingering on his way out near the end of the night. Marty secretly peeped for five minutes round the curtain edge, enjoying the one-sided conversation, not able to hear what was said but he enjoyed watching Janus squirm.

Henri said, “To wake up in the morning, with the chain gone from round your neck, that’s happiness! And to sort out who needs sorting, eh?  Vengeance is sweet. What do you reckon? Strangling some cunt with your bare hands when he deserves it, that’s happiness! The World’s a shit isn’t it? Not fit for decent people like you and me. Huh! Most bastards are fucking Nazis… just let them get their hands on the slightest power and see. Believe me. I don’t care who they are, what they say, or where they come from. You don’t need a swastika on your shirtsleeve to be an asshole….”

Henri spat again with hatred. In the heat of the night he sweated like a wax figure melting.

“Elvis was right,” Henri resumed. “Do unto others as they would do to you! Only do it to them first, before they can do it to you. You’ve heard of Elvis haven’t you? Elvis Presley, big-time redneck pretty boy, spoiled Mummy’s boy. I met him you know…. in Honolulu…. years and years ago…. He still owes me. But he’s dead now. Didn’t have the ticker to last… Not like me. A big happy kid! But he already had that same stupid look as you do….no idea of nothing! Not a fucking idea….”

Henri's candid chats could be embarrassing and ominous. At times they were fresh from the realms of utter madness. When it was his turn to speak Janus raised his glass, and he sipped slowly to avoid saying the wrong thing.

Henri moped, further down the bottle, “Janus, I've seen so much death in my time. Too much death I think sometimes.”

“It’s been a tough life,” Henri smiled with a faint sneer. “Up to all kinds of stupid shit as a kid in the old shit-hole…. places that aren’t on the map anymore…. on the run all around old Europe with a price on my head…. all sorts of games…. all sorts of names. Enemies last longer than friends you know. Mr Braun! Toivo Ray! Young Andre Lansky and his girl Myra Savic, just a kid herself… prettiest thing you ever saw…. real nice in bed…. real nice…. too nice for her own good…. better than her nutcase daughter…. Yeah, she had a daughter just after the war… Helenka…. turned out the same as the mother…. We were tightrope walkers, with a baby in a suitcase…. hopping borders, running like scalded dogs…. hardly more than kids ourselves, after I got away from the Ustashi bastards…. Them cunts! They were worse than the Germans. It's amazing the jams you can get out of with a little luck…. and....”

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Henri made a flurry of silken jabs, a thrust and a chop at the air. Janus flinched and flinched again. Momentarily shaken from boredom, his eyes went blink, blink, blink, as Henri seemed to hack something or someone to bits in his memory.

“You know I was a Palestinian Jew, not a fucking blow-in like them other cunts! My mother worked like a man. They treated us like shit…. unless you had money. I’ve got no time for them - Rabbis, bureaucrats, bastards in uniform, all of those respectable fakes and their mates… none of them. A man lives by his wits, and who he shits on… and whoever shits on him! That’s what they taught me.”

Janus raised his glass and took another slow sip as the two men cocooned in close darkness, sweated under a single strip of fluorescent light glimmering weakly above their heads. Janus was thinking of a way to give his act more impact, while Henri grumbled about the good old days.

Bored by twenty years listening to Henri’s morbid memories, Janus thought of improving his stage performances, and how he might somehow enliven his act with a touch of Henri’s nonsensical raving. Of course first that required some cleansing of Henri’s violent psychoses. Even so there was an element of charm in Henri’s random verbal eruptions of Anti-everything Lunacy. It would be a freak-out on stage….

“You would be shocked if I told you some things I've seen....” Henri grumbled half to himself, with a meditative suck at his mucky cigar.

The odour of smoke swamped his cologne in the semi-dark, fetid atmosphere.

“What I’ve seen, Janus… you got not idea… and done what I’ve done. And had to do! You'd be absolutely shocked! Believe me. So many faces, Janus… we’re all the same… we’re all the same in so many ways… we cease to be human anymore when everything turns to shit… Humanity is the first thing that goes when all is lost, I tell you. You know what the pricks say? The first casualty of war is the Truth!”

Janus nodded knowingly.

Henri laughed, “Bah… That’s bullshit too. Assholes! The truth is long dead… long, long dead before the grubs are shovelled onto the battlefield and stomped to pulp if they try to crawl away from the blowtorches. War…. my ass, it never ends… it’s like stirring a bowl of shit with a spoon. The faces in the bowl swirl round, rising to the surface, sinking down screaming. Some don’t come back up. Who gives a fuck?  I’ve seen them all…. so many faces…. laughing and crying…. suckers…. they look the same screaming. The characters I've known…. I tell you, I could write a book about them. But I'd have to shoot myself first if I did….”

Henri laughed and coughed violently, an erratic shuddering breath was followed by a deep, slow, sustained one. In the sudden outburst, Henri clutched his chest, then eased his hand away and returned to his thoughts.

“Even at the time it seemed unreal. You wouldn't believe if I told you; you wouldn’t understand. You ordinary people are living in a dream. You have no idea what really goes on in the World….”

Janus agreed, “That’s exactly what I’m on about. People need to be shocked out of their comfort zone. My act is developing in that direction…”

Henri glared as Janus raised his hands helplessly, “Not for me. I'm moving away from stock routines. Straight comedy only skims the surface. Now I'm trying to get inside the hard core of issues. Why not make it more real?”

“Real?” Henri barked. “You don't know shit. When I was your age there were people who dreaded my name… whoever I was at the time. You know how it is? No, of course you don't. Talking with you is like talking with a child, Janus! That's why I like you. You’re my storeroom dummy, man. I need you. We all need someone to talk to. You're so ignorant, you’re so naïve… I can almost trust you…”

Janus raised his eyebrows, his lower lip swelled.

“Almost…” Henri dismissed the notion with a grimace and a flick of his cigar.

“But what was I saying before you distracted me... come on, remind me.... Aren't you listening.... oh yeah, when I turned sixty, what, near ten year ago, okay maybe a few more, that's when everything changed. After my first heart attack it was like a little light come on inside me. I hardly noticed at first. What I did notice was The Big Light went out! You know what I mean?”

“Yeah,” Janus lied, and Henri poured him another drink to shut him up.

“The big light that went out was my life, my Destiny… suddenly gone, ph-fffft… just like that! All I got now is this…”

Henri gave a philosophical sweep of his arm, whacking an empty bottle to the carpet; he sneered in its direction, and returned to his thoughts.

“That is why this place means so much to me. It keeps me sane… This nightclub is the only thing keeping me alive. It’s my baby.”

Henri took a deep breath and a drink, nodding the while. Janus gave the bottle on the floor a glance.

“Leave it there,” Henri snapped, “You die inside you know, long before you actually go. That's what I believe. It's our fate for life to turn to shit around us, while inside us our soul rots in its own slime. And then of course, there’s your wife! And you know what that ungrateful bitch did to me….”

Janus shook his head in ignorance. With the concentration of a snake, Henri fixed his eyes on Janus like prey. Janus was frightened. Then Henri’s hand flashed out, like a spring across the table and jaw-like fingers clamped Janus’s collar bone, close to the throat. The impact on bone and the old man's grip hurt Janus. It scared him worse than it hurt.

“But there are people today, if they walked in this door and I saw them before they saw me....” Henri did an icy laugh, “They would meet their fate.”

Janus well imagined the eighty-year old guy could still strangle a man with that hand. Janus squirmed. Henri's grip tightened.

Janus laughed lamely, “We can't escape our fate can we? But that doesn't mean we have to kill ourselves rushing to get there to it. Does it? Destiny can wait, can’t it? No one is going anywhere…”

Henri released his grip.

“That's right, that's right,” he laughed. “You're dead right. Let Destiny get fucked and just wait till I’m ready. I'll remember that. You act dumb but you're not as silly as you look.”

Janus tenderly fingered his bruised collar-bone feeling for a fracture.

“Thank fucking-God for that!” Henri chuckled. “There’s no rush, eh…”

Janus was pleased to see Henri pleased. He dreaded these intimate moments. It was a relief for one to go sweetly, rather than the way they sometimes did.

“You're a good man,” Henri said. “But you're not one of us. That's the problem.”

*

When the New Year party came, Janus was sulking. Denied opportunity to perform, the insult was almost unbearable. He hid his pain. To the party he wore trousers with a belt, proper shoes with socks, and a shirt with a collar. His wife insisted he wear long sleeves to cover his stupid tattoo, and he dress like a respectable human being and shave his face, because people would see her with him. His true self thus rejected, among the pasty-white faces in the crowd of disco-zombies, Janus glanced jealously at the soundman who now ruled the stage, pumping out beats and boogie, Kadoomp-a! Kadoomp-a! Kadoomp-a…

His place usurped, Janus felt uncomfortable as a monkey in a disposable nappy, lost in the crowd like a fart in a perfume shop. He squeezed between his wife and ancient Henri's grotesque guts. Alongside him Daisy pressed her body close, smelling womanly and warm, and Janus glared at Marty Marino worming his way almost as close to Henri.

“Your act has really changed a lot this past year,” Daisy yelled into Janus’s ear.

He winced. Then he shouted out the side of his mouth, “Yeah, well you’ll see a few more changes too. I have no act anymore. What you see on stage that’s the real me.”

“I like it,” she said, with a hateful glare in Henri's direction, “I like your act better than his!”

Janus turned away. Daisy was nuts, no-secret… hot-roasted and sugar-crusted crazy nuts. The slow radar-eyes of Henri’s thugs nearby scanned the crowd. Marty leaned close to Henri. Henri joked about his next overseas trip. Marty gave a goony laugh. Daisy was infuriated. Amidst the uproar, a bunch of jerk-offs clustered round a table in a corner, snorted cocaine or who-knows-what. Skanky girls squirmed on the dance floor flashing their wares under the watchful scrutiny of clustered men. Thugs eyed each other and pointedly ignored the lazy-eyed ladies clinging to them. Henri's shifty pals slunk behind a pillar, sneering at scenes of jaded gaiety on all sides. This night Janus empathised with the boredom of Henri’s bad friends. Janus wished he was home watching TV.

Henri introduced Janus now and then to a walking mug-shot. Each patted old Henri on the shoulder affectionately. A couple Janus knew by sight were Henri’s cop-friends. A group of well-dressed, dark-skinned guys pressed through the crowd. One was a tiny, big-gutted Indian wearing many lumps of gold on his pudgy fingers. His wrists were cuffed with gold, and Janus knew the guy by sight and reputation. He was occasionally on the TV news, giving expert business opinion; or complaining about Government taxes, as proprietor of the city’s major taxi-cab company; or at other times as head of a large chain of auto refuelling stations.

The guy was a multi-millionaire doctor with real estate holdings all over the city. He was followed by four Bollywood-style musclemen. Henri whispered to Janus that Doc Imran was a very good friend who ran a tight, well-connected operation. Janus already figured that when he saw the small gold calculator hung on a gold-chain round Imran’s neck and bouncing off his belly. Janus resisted the impulse to ask Doctor Imran’s advice how to cure a chronic ass-itch. Imran offered a bright pink palm. Janus reached out with his scratching-hand and carefully took the fingers Imran loosely offered.

“Pleased to meet you,” Janus said.

Imran gave a look-away laugh, and he whispered to a pear-shaped giant flunky. The big flunky bowed a rounded shoulder toward Doc Imran to receive the message in his ear.

“Remember this man’s face Sunil. He is a friend of our excellent friend Henri Kaye.”

Big Sunil laughed and idly shook Janus by the hand, with barely a glance. Imran bowed graciously to Deanna. She nodded with one eyebrow raised and a slight questioning smile which the Doc seemed to enjoy. As the Indians floated away among waves of partygoers, Janus turned his attention to the pillar and Henri’s unsmiling pals, and the raunchy dames smouldering alongside the men. One of the pals snapped his fingers and the guys slipped away with their molls through the seething crowd. Revellers jigged and jerked under flashing lights. Squeals and deafening music split the air where thick high-class dope-smoke swirled.

Henri’s voice rose in the clamour, “I'll be glad to have a rest from that neurotic bitch….”

He was obviously talking about Daisy. She looked ready to bite. Henri seemed delighted, and he kept bugging her.

“I can't wait to see that little Arab whore again,” Henri yelled over his shoulder to an idiot in the crowd behind him. “She's wild. She can’t have it rough enough… straps, ropes, ball-gag, the back of the hand, chains, the works… ha-ha… cigarette burns… She lo-o-oves it…”

The idiot and others chuckled and Marty joined in. Janus laughed too, imagining Henri obese and near-naked but for his headed bagged in a padlocked leather facemask, wearing high-heels and fishnet stockings only, maybe with weights dangling on his nipples, and swinging a horse-hair switch.

Maybe Daisy had the same vision. She grabbed a cake knife off the table and lunged. The knife snapped as it stabbed through Henri’s coat. Women screamed and men spilled drinks. Marty shrank into the crowd. Henri’s two thugs surged forward and one seized Daisy by the elbow and wrist…

At the same time Deanna shouted, “Hey-y-y-y!!! Take your fucking hand off her!”

To Janus the weirdest thing was not the knife attack but Deanna’s sharp outburst; the next weird thing was the thug instantly let go of Daisy’s arm. The two thugs shuffled back awkwardly, confused as pets when human masters fight. Daisy was a demon. You could never tell what she might do. Stabbing Henri was not a big surprise. Janus was more amazed by the power of Deanna’s command over Henri’s thugs, like they were scared of her. To Janus it all unravelled in slow motion, he did not miss a detail. He heard Deanna gasp as Daisy shrieked and lunged. He saw the blade flash in front of his eyes. Later he laughed at the vivid memory. A gash ripped in Henri's silk jacket and the blade snapped. Daisy glared with defiant terror, panting.

At that instant the thug grabbed Daisy, then Deanna shouted and the thugs backed off. Henri felt the rip in his jacket then he stared at his fingers stained with blood. He laughed for the sake of the crowd.

“You… slug, you… asshole!” Daisy screeched above ear-thumping techno music….

Kadoomp kadoomp kadoomp kadoomp…..

It was a miserable private moment escaped into the open. Onstage the Club’s regular sound guy rocked behind turntables with eyes closed, head clamped in a huge headset and a giant joint plugged in his mouth, overdubbing the recorded beats with strident cries of, “Oh My God, Baby drive it all the way home!!! Groove it up, groove it up!!! Walk On the Wild Side, Baby!!! Shake the shoogar out of your boogawooga… Get down to Funkytown!!! Oh My, My, My, Oh My, Oh My….”

Henri sneered at the broken stub of knife handle gripped in Daisy’s fist, then he muttered from the side of his mouth at Daisy, but winking to those gathered round, “We'll talk about this later!”

*

Henri was tough for an old guy. He shrugged-off sympathy. He bulldozed with his belly a swaying path through the crowd toward the backroom. His niece Deanna among other women fussed along behind. Two thugs followed, pushing people aside, including Marty the big security hero. Henri and retinue disappeared through the doorway beside the stage, while the place shook...

Kadoomp kadoomp kadoomp kadoomp…..

Janus turned to Daisy in the midst of the gawking hubbub left behind Henri. Her eyes sunk in tears. Her lips trembled. Years caught up with her on the spot. Strobe light hacked mercilessly at her garish make up. High brows drawn with pencil over her mad eyes accentuated her look of evil while partygoers shrank further from her. She dropped the broken knife handle and the celebration went on like nothing had happened.

In the backroom reached only by muffled beat and roars of fun on the other side of the wall one woman clutched Henri’s coat and shirt, while others attended to the superficial stab wound. They gingerly dabbed away blood, taped gauze over the shallow slash in yoghurt-white flab, and pampered him, while Henri stared at a framed photograph yellowing on the wall. The picture was of Daisy in her youth, more than forty years ago when she was only half crazy, with a different name, a different game…. more than a world away…. now she was someone else, less fresh, less herself, less slender, the starry glow gone and in its place a scary gleam. Trouble was he couldn't easily dump her after all these years. With what she knew, the best thing would be if she just killed herself. But even that she couldn't do right when she tried.

“I'll be glad to get away from her, that crazy fuck....” Henri grumbled, and he flinched with a threatening glare at a woman whose clumsy hand pressed too hard trying to make an adhesive pad stick.

Then Henri half smiled to himself, the vindictive grin of a man souring with age. Deanna knew him too well he was her flesh and blood. She instinctively interrupted his thoughts.

She said firmly, “You know what Daisy is like. You antagonised her…. Now I’m serious - no payback! Okay? End of story.”

Her uncle gave a begrudging shrug. He only had himself to blame. Deanna whispered in his ear, “I mean it. You know when to not fuck me around. And this time is it! It was your fault.”

Henri ignored her, simply smiling to himself. Deanna hated him like that. She felt Janus was right when he whined, “Jesus, Deanna, your uncle is a walking, talking bloody horror movie….”

Like a broken record, for years Janus nagged Deanna about her uncle. He said Henri harangued him before shows, during shows and after shows, saturated in cognac, vodka, and his favourite indescribable middle-eastern hooch, waving cigars in the air and sprinkling ash over the table and everyone round it.

“I can’t handle it,” Janus whined often. “The old guy is a nagging psychopath. You know what he said to me?”

Deanna did not want to know. She already knew more than she wanted, having lived at the mercy of the old monster as a child. She was sick of hearing Janus’s complaints. Janus had no idea how bad Uncle Henri could be. She listened only with her ears. She shielded her mind with pleasant thoughts…. like thoughts of her dear friend Sylvester who was all things Janus was not. Sylvester Malone was fun, he was clean, he smelled nice, he was respectable, he was organised.

Janus was not. Once upon a time, when he was young, flat-bellied and self-contained, she thought Janus eccentric, how as a young man he laughed and he closed up inside like a little boy…. so cute long ago with his contrary ways and a tough-minded attitude, she thought. Now she thought pig-headed a more accurate description for him. Not tough-minded, Janus had one redeeming feature. Paradoxically the tongue that drove her mad with his prattle had one positive quality… sometimes….

At such times, only after her finally quivering release did she see Janus again for what he really was. But, while he submitted to her needs and her booster jets kicked in, then she felt close to him, fused to her essential core, beyond close they became one. And he seemed to know… if only by selfish instinct. Strangely, it was only like that with him. She resented it. But she craved it too. He was a demon, a hog, a hungry monkey slurping the dribbling juice of a sugary, ripe fruit…. whatever….  The bastard, Janus!

Even the refined attentions of Dr Sylvester Malone and his expertise did not make her feel so delicious. But as for the rest of the time, when Janus was not around Deanna missed her wayward husband only when she had use for him. She took no interest in Janus’s meandering and philandering. Each time Deanna had him followed and checked out, it was the same. He was a total bore, wasting her money on taxi-cabs and some prostitute or whore. His activities displayed the imagination of a vagabond hound. When about the house, he simply required feeding, given drink and allowed an occasional romp. Twenty years of marriage had long ago reduced Janus in her eyes to what he was.



Chapter 4


“I never go to bed, though on occasions without warning, I mysteriously wake there.” 
- Hugh Janus.


Following one of Henri’s crazy-talks in the nightclub after the show, Janus needed to flush his mind. He went to the bar and asked Maria for an amphetamine, she slipped him half a dozen, he handed back a few and washed the others down his neck before leaving the nightclub early. Marty Marino rushed to block Janus’s way at the bottom of the stairs.

“Has the bitch said anything to you?” Marty whispered frantically.

Janus did not have time for Marty’s bullshit whatever it was. He shook his head and tried to step aside, but Marty grabbed his arm.

“She’s crazy. I just hope the bitch keeps her mouth shut. You never know what she will do next… or say. You know what I’m talking about.”

Janus jerked his arm free and muttered, “I haven’t the faintest idea.”

As he climbed the stairs he ignored Marty calling out, “Don’t take me for a fool. I know you’re not as dumb as you act.”

Outside, the street above the Club was already drained of traffic. The air came on with a tepid rush. Janus felt the same, as though turned inside out. His wife would not be home till late she told him over the phone, which could mean she might not be home at all. He rang his old friend Blanche but she was busy.

He grabbed a cab and gave the name of a place that made the cabbie grin. The taxi-cab wormed through inner suburban traffic, to slide up a side street of light-industrial establishments locked for the night in semi-darkness. Midway along the street one place was floodlit by gaudy bulbs, several flickered erratically. The cab pulled up in the middle of the road in the pulsing arc of illumination. Janus paid the fare and almost fell asleep while the cabbie fossicked for change. At the heavy iron security door of the place Janus rang the bell, wincing from the glare in his eyes.

“Hello-o-o-o! Dah-ah-ahling. Come in, come in,” a velvety voice warbled with a vague accent…

Janus sensed the slightest hint of derision. The scents of scented cream, cigarette-burnings, perfume and air freshener hit him. He entered a sweet smelling reception area, noting an old dent punched in a partition wall. It had not been patched, maybe a year after it first appeared. The dent was about the shape and the size of the back of a human skull.

The round, dyed-blonde Asian business lady led Janus to an inner doorway and ushered him to a bright red side-room where a chaise lounge jammed in the corner was gazed over by a close-circuit surveillance camera.

“Good to see you again,” the chubby little blonde chuckled. “How can I help you this evening? Would you like to see the beautiful girls I have waiting to please you…”

The first question was unnecessary. She knew precisely how she could help him. Janus supposed she followed the script because she did not like him. Maybe it was his fault. He was not always as polite and well-behaved as he might. Maybe she was being fair to the other girls, if listening they might think she was otherwise playing favourites, especially if one was busy and the others not.

“Is Paris working tonight?” Janus replied.

The woman departed. Soon another appeared, obviously Paris, a Thai lady ten or twenty years younger than Janus, she was short even in high heels. A revelation in skimpy lingerie, she thrust her hip to leave no doubt she was “working tonight”. Not so young, her wide brown face wore a smile that perked up Janus’s spirits. Everything about her felt genuine, except her name. Paris led Janus by the hand. He towered over her. They entered a small room with a bed and a table ornamented by the debris of her trade, tissue boxes and plastic containers of baby oil, talc and such. Janus glanced at a battery-operated clock on the wall above a long mirror that cut him off at the knees and her at the thigh. When he slipped a couple of hundred dollar notes to Paris she took them in her tiny hand, admiring the second one more than the first. She bowed with the words Kob Koon Ka and wiggled away, turning at the door as usual to say, “I’ll be back….”

“I’ll be here,” Janus replied.

When Paris returned to the stuffy room she got naked and down to business, kissing his nipples and downward with playful bright brown eyes staring up to him, her tongue teasing, her smooth touch tingling. Janus absorbed her pleasing immediacy and her closeness. She slipped a condom into her mouth. With deft lips and tongue, and expert fingers she sheathed him. In a confusion of sympathy, curiosity and longing Janus placed his fingertips gently under her fleshy chin…. he thanked her for being a sweetie. She crouched over him, flicking a black ponytail over her shoulder and touched the point of her tiny nose to his. It was her job to be sweet she cooed.

“You nice, man like you make it easy. You, gentle and clean, good man…. You fuck nice….” she laughed then thought about it, “….little bit nice.”

Her face turned serious and she confessed, “I wish all the time it was easy for me like this. But no, no, no…. not always…. Some men really serious…”

As they rolled together on the bed with her clinging to him and he holding desperately as much to the moment as to her, he talked. He talked only about himself, but it did not bore him. With her in his arms, her quaint look of affectionate curiosity softened his heart and his entire being weakened happily into easy conversation. She listened with interest while often puzzled as to what the damn he was talking about.  And he wondered why she stopped laughing suddenly.

“You are lucky,” she said. “You have good life, good job, wife, house, car, money…. you are free. But you talk like unhappy boy.”

Janus scoffed, and the Siamese girl arched above him with her hand poised high, threatening to strike him.

“Big strong white man - you try make little yellow girl sorry for you! Huh, me sorry for myself…”

“I guess deep down, I don’t know why,” Janus thought aloud. “I feel I’m missing something, I don’t know what. I feel my life is going down a funnel….”

Paris gave a perplexed half-smile, creases rippled across her forehead and Janus went on…

“The trouble with destiny is… you know destiny?”

She nodded and he continued, “You don’t know if you want to go there, not until you get there. I feel… maybe I feel too much, I guess I always feel I’m…. you know…”

“You are lucky to feel so much,” she laughed, “Oh my Buddha, I cannot afford to feel anything. For my kind of life… the less to feel is much better….”

She nodded without a hint of humour, “Otherwise I would kill myself.”

She laughed at that, and then she laughed more at the longing, sympathetic face of Janus as he stared. Her laughter and her frankness made him laugh too, with relief, but at the same time her words made him wonder.

“Then why do you do this job?” he asked.

“That my secret,” she laughed again, and there came a sharp knock at the door.

Janus and Paris gripped each other tightly. Together they raised their eyes Heaven-ward and looked at the clock. He wondered if her expression of disappointment was genuine. Leaving the brothel Janus was refreshed but dissatisfied, vaguely annoyed with a sense of unfinished business. The following day he thought of Paris and his visit without a happy ending.

He wondered about many things she said, such as her veiled hint of self-harm, and most of all the idle warning she whispered at the front door in the midst of sending him away, when she mentioned another brothel. She told him he should never go there. She mentioned the name Rima’s. He wondered if somehow she knew he had been there a couple of times, and perhaps she was warning him off in the spirit of professional competition.

“It is very bad shop… is very, very terrible for girls there,” Paris said.

When he asked why, she did not answer, she simply stared into his eyes business-like until she shut the door between them.

Many hours later at home alone he began to feel uncomfortably ordinary. He poked round the kitchen and he smoked a ready-made joint he found in an ashtray. Janus wanted more of Paris, her firm softness, her laughing simplicity, her tightly sculptured tiny graceful innocence, her humanity. He loved the way she listened, soaking up his voice, drawing him out from deep in his heart. He loved her humble show of gratitude whether he tipped her $100 or $20. Paris was a weird little chick and he decided he needed to see her again very soon.

In the meantime, he returned to his remorseless pursuit of laughter, amidst the smell of stale booze and smoke. His life was going along normally. Then of course there came the big party on the eve of the New Year, and Daisy almost murdered Henri in cold blood… and… then the lunatic year followed.

*

Within days of her knife attack on Henri, Daisy got hysterical. She told Deanna that since she stabbed him, Henri acted weirdly. She was confused.

“He did nothing, nothing at all. I can’t understand it. It’s not like him.”

The beating she expected had not come.

“He just watches me,” said Daisy.

“He pulls faces behind my back when he thinks I can’t see him. Faces like…. I mean, like….”

Daisy pulled a face of loathsome disgust, and then she frantically whispered.
“I know he is up to something. What if he doesn't come back from Israel? If something happens to him there, what will I do? ”

“Don't worry,” said Deanna. “You'll be fine. It's a business trip. He'll be back before you know, like always. Trust me.”

Daisy took a deep breath, “I regret stabbing him. I didn't mean to hurt him. It was an accident. I didn't realise I had it in my hand, honestly. If I was thinking about it seriously I would have used a good knife to the job properly. I’m not stupid.”

“Don't be crazy. You need to kerb your temper… you can’t afford to let your emotions keep getting out of control.”

Deanna spoke without confidence, knowing her words were on the Daisy Highway to Nowhere. She had her own problems. One in particular she decided to share with Daisy to change the subject, anything to change the subject….

“You know I’m starting to worry about Hugh,” she said half-seriously. “Not that I should, but I do. I never noticed before the whole time we’ve been together, but lately I can’t ignore it.”

Deanna cased the coffee joint quickly and she lowered her voice.

“He’s feral enough to not surprise me with anything he does, but have you noticed him secretly playing with his bum? It’s definitely sexual, I know him that well. At first I thought he had worms, but I’ve dosed him with that many worm tablets I’m surprised his teeth did not fall out. He would be furious if he knew. But it makes no difference. It’s not that.”

Daisy shrugged.

“Now I think he has dreams about it,” Deanna said. “For God’s sake, he writhes in his sleep moaning like a woman masturbating… and squirming… fiddling with himself. It’s disgusting. Somehow, I have to make him talk to Sylvester…..”

Deanna’s voice trailed away. Daisy made no comment, her attention gone missing, sunk in the quicksand of evil thoughts dragged down by Henri’s hold on her. Deanna stressed the seriousness of Janus’s bum-play, shouting to grab Daisy’s attention.

“I mean really fingering his bum like he has a clitoris down there…. honestly…. I can’t believe you haven’t noticed.”

Daisy muttered, “If that fat old cruel bastard ever turns his back on me.....he'll be sorry!” 

Daisy ground the words out between her teeth; her eyes narrowed inwardly, insane orbs under high pencilled arches….

“Daizee-ee-ee!” Deanna drawled in baritone.

With innocent surprise, Daisy smiled. Her eyes widened, and she chirped.

“What?”

Deanna replied without words. Confronted by Deanna’s penetrating stare, Daisy straightened her back. She tilted her face away to deflect the accusing stare.

With a sheepish laugh she went, “Wha-a-a-at?”

The demented look on Daisy’s face as she looked away gave Deanna a cold shudder. Daisy was hopeless at the moment. She would be better off free of Henri, but Deanna did not think Daisy could face life alone. She needed someone else, but who could put up with her?

Later that night, over supper of cold roast chicken, take-away Moroccan salad, a plate of pre-rolled hashish joints and Czechoslovakian beer, Deanna tried to describe to Janus the strange look she saw on Daisy's face.

“It's those weird eyebrows of hers,” Janus cackled, “They freak me out. Daisy always looks like she's in the middle of taking a crap.”

“It's more than that. I'm really worried about her. She’s losing it! Poor kid…. and on top of that, she's thinks Henri might dump her. If he does, God knows what she will do. I know her. She won’t fuck around.”
“Maybe she should have thought of all that before she stabbed him. She's lucky she never killed him. Then she would have something to worry about.”

“It was just a scratch. He deserved it.”

“That's nice,” Janus shoved a wedge of fowl meat in his mouth.

He enquired as he chewed, “Is that your legal opinion, without prejudice? After all, your best friend simply tried to kill your uncle, that's all.”

“He is damn lucky she put up with him all these years. I don't know how. She used to be absolutely beautiful. She could have had anything…. any one of heaps of guys would have looked after her. Now just look at her! She ends up with him. He’s turned her into a…. a…. a damn…. ”

“Come on!” Janus scoffed. “He's not so bad. The old boy is a pain in the ass sometimes, that's all.”

“You don't know what he's really like,” said Deanna. “And you don't know what she's been through with him. You only see his best side.”

The idea of Henri’s best side made Janus laugh sarcastically.

He offered the plate of chicken. Deanna eyed it without the slightest appetite. Then she looked in the same way at Janus; his happy childish eyes, those of a man eating, met hers as he wiped grease from his chin. She poked at the bits and took the tiniest piece of chicken on offer. She gave it a perfunctory nibble, thinking of her uncle.

Forty years ago Uncle Henri was a hard man with a hard, lean body and an even harder heart. Deanna was a child when her father died. Henri became her guardian. Her memories were crushed under the weight of an extravagant, wildly energetic man and his overpowering scent of cologne, a fragrance that nauseated and the sickening stink of stale cigar... and...

She chewed more slowly recalling when young she spent too much time alone with him. Where Daisy went so often in those early days on the run, Deanna did not remember. Her only clear memories were of Daisy’s beauty in the time of Helenka…

A few old photographs proved the childhood impression of Daisy's beauty no illusion. On reflection Deanna saw in those few photographs, like museum relics, the clear, pathetic, shallow perfection of a younger Daisy flawed by unpredictable furies. Though Daisy’s beauty faded her rages did not. Her fits of sobbing lasted days at a time and were incomprehensible to Deanna as a child….

Now it was all a blur, the memories were as unpalatable as the taste of dead chicken flesh she held in her mouth now and absent-mindedly she slowly chewed. She vaguely recalled a baby that came and then overnight was gone…. like so many old faces, new places, so many dangerous situations and nothing but lies. Her jaw froze and she ceased chewing.

Deanna did not remember where Daisy came from. She was there from the beginning, but not always there. Not entirely unlike a mother or older sister, nor quite the same. The only time Deanna felt safe from Henri as a child was when Daisy or Helenka was around. In her memory she was unable to separate them and she did not try. Now watching Daisy with Henri was like watching Beauty and the Beast with no fake happy ending…. Anger swamped Deanna’s face and flooded into her throat, resentment wept from her throat inwards, seeping downward through her veins sickening on its way like poison….

She seized a paper napkin and spat into it the partly-chewed chicken from her mouth.

“What's wrong?” Janus asked moving her into his arms. “Come on, Baby. Cut it out. Stop crying, Honey. Come on!!! What the fuck’s up? Come here…. There, there, it’s okay, it’ll be okay…”



Chapter 5



“Did you hear? They discovered a way to fuel automobiles with human blood.
Quick! Call the troops back from overseas! They may come in useful…”
- Hugh Janus.


In those early days of that fateful New Year, many long months before Janus was taken into custody, Henri Kaye flew away on his mystery business. Daisy did an Academy Award performance at the airport, bawling real tears, with wobbly legs and all. Henri seemed to enjoy the fuss or maybe he was just glad to get away from her. He seemed a genuine commercial big-shot in his expensive suit, with his brief case, and a mind-your-own-business sneer. Before take-off he was already impatient to land, to escape authority and finally have his next cigar. Deanna waved off her uncle with Daisy clinging to Janus by her side. As the plane left the ground Daisy grumbled something that made Deanna laugh.

“At least you’re feeling better now,” Deanna quipped.

“Good riddance. Let him go. He’ll be sorry,” Daisy said. “I guarantee you that!”

Deanna winced, and Janus laughed.

In Henri’s car they blew a small heroin-flavoured joint and Daisy played jelly-beans with a box of pills.

“Try these black ones,” Daisy said. “I don’t know what they are, but they’ll blow your mind I promise. I got them from Mandy’s friend, he calls them Bazookas. They’re great. The first time I had six in one go and I laughed so much my pussy fell down round my knees…..”

Deanna took one and Janus declined, saying he needed to keep his pussy exactly where it was. The women in the front washed pills down with a small bottle of warm soda. Janus sucked the last of the joint until tobacco dregs ended up in his mouth and he madly tried to spit them out like a bear with a nose full of ants. The women laughed. Deanna said Janus should use the trick in his act.

“That’s real comedy!” she shrieked laughing.

“I told you they’re good!” said Daisy.

 Janus left the women giggling brainlessly. He wandered round the airport car park, found Deanna’s car and waved to the two girls as he drove off.

Deanna and Daisy eventually motored to a backstreet bistro for coffee and Daisy commenced her normal whining. Deanna said there was no need to worry. Henri was taking a standard short business trip, that’s all. He was merely flying off to arrange a funeral for a friend…..

“That obviously means he's going to kill the poor bastard,” Daisy said with confidence. “You know that, as well as I do. I overheard him laughing about it. He's too old. It will all catch up with him some day… if he lives that long. No need to worry about me though, I know how to take care of myself.” 

Then with Henri out of the way Daisy disappeared. For days she did not answer her phone and Deanna shook her head knowing how Daisy usually ended, taking care of herself. It would be too convenient and just like Henri for Daisy to have an accident while he was away.

With Henri gone and left to her own devices, Daisy went feral. Her personality slid into overdrive, rushing toward the nearest, loudest laughter, dancing to the next rush, flirting with trouble, shoeless outside some five-star hotel, almost falling in the gutter, clueless with a spiked drink in her hand under the screwy spell of a scoundrel known in the pond of fellow low-lifers as Doctor Zhiv.

Daisy woke in strange surroundings, sticky, sore and stinking, searching for her clothes. For days lost to her blurred memory she had cared about nothing. She returned the indifference of the World. She was unable to phone her best friend for help. Nor did she want to. Nor was there any point answering calls when her phone rang - she was not there… in so many ways, not there all those whirlwind, whirlpool days. She washed up in the street outside Henri’s Club a raw-worn mess, carrying some other woman’s shoes, regretting her mistakes. Spike bites speckled her skin indiscreetly. She fell down the stairs descending into the Club with a thump, ripping the crotch of her tights as her legs splayed to break her fall. Like the beat-up victim of some perverse high-fashion shoot she sprawled on the bottom stairs in loose-lipped panting, panty-less disarray. It was not her fault men took advantage of her need to be needed. She knew only one decent guy among them all….

Instead, she saw Marty gawking not far away in the shadows as her eyes accustomed to the darkness. Daisy reached to straighten her skirt. All she felt was air and the huge rip in her tights.  She glared at Marty. With deep, manly breaths he slowly raised his eyes to her face and he moved toward her.

“What happened, Baby? Are you okay?”

“Is Hugh here?” she asked, fending off Marty’s attempt to help her to her feet.

“No. Just me,” said Marty.

Useless Marty! Daisy fell into his arms and cried. She blubbed out her problems incoherently. He led her in tears, dragging her feet through the dark nightclub with chairs stacked on tables… out to the backroom.

“If that no-good Zhiv was put out of the picture… if that damn video was destroyed…” Daisy whimpered, “I would have nothing to worry about…”

Marty smiled soothingly, nodding his head, as he slowly peeled torn tights down her legs toward her grimy feet, saying he would take care of all that. She closed her eyes and thought of Hugh Janus. She envied his wife, her young friend Deanna, almost a sister, almost a daughter; the only soul on earth she felt she could trust with even half the truth; yet certain things are better left unsaid, and so much Daisy was not equipped to say.

Her head fell back with a gasp as Marty's lips wrapped round her face and throat, like a slops-sucking pig. Daisy thought Deanna so lucky to have in Janus a man who did not beat up on her. He did not crush her self-respect into a senseless, worthless mess. Of course, that was only half the story. Deanna complained about her husband, as even the most fortunate woman does.

“Oh Baby….” Marty moaned with arousal and lust, and Daisy moaned more deeply in response, from the excruciating pain, and she cried uncontrollably.

Spurred by Daisy’s submissive whimpers, Marty slobbered with increased enthusiasm and thrusts of greater vigour. Swallowing reflux, Daisy let her mind tumble in analgesic distraction. Yeah, like a tart with a sharp tongue, but a classy young tart, smart and powerful, Deanna had it all. She was the mother of all Godmothers. The only difference between Deanna and the big boys she mixed it with was the World knew who they were. To them she was a mere shadow, a name though not her real name they respected and honoured, a voice they heard but could not attach to a face or a place, almost without ego. She had to be smarter than they were, tougher and slipperier, and Deanna was, but invisible, too smart to brag or even talk about her success, except to say it was a bore. What a laugh! If resting her fanny all day on a padded chair with a phone in her face was boring, Daisy wondered how Deanna would feel gagging and gaping from asshole to breakfast. Literally! And puking up her guts while a bunch of….

Her thoughts made Daisy laugh aloud among her cries.

Marty thrilled with her laughter, her sobbing and squeals, and her half-hearted struggle to escape his arms.

He gushed in Daisy’s ear, “Oo-ooh you’re so good, Darling… Yea-eah-h-h-h…. Here I go-o-o-o-oh-h-h-h!!!”

What an idiot! His brains oozed out inside her….. The thing that made Daisy laugh was Deanna stupidly saying she envied Daisy’s dancing…. What a farce!

“You seem so free,” Deanna said many times over the years.

And dumb crap like, “It must be wonderful to so expressively surrender yourself to your sensuality….”

“But then the music stops….” Daisy grumbled, “And you find yourself in the arms of a man! Or, even worse, alone! My life is one endless bum trip on top of another. I attract shit like a human toilet. Nothing but trouble ever….”

Deanna interjected, “In my business, nothing but fuck-ups. I'm an expert with complete fuck-ups. I married one. The problem I see for you Daiz is you are too soft. You are a magnet for the worst men….”

“Is there any other kind?” Daisy laughed. “Tell me….”

Deanna was unable to tell.

And in return Daisy did not tell Deanna of her secret feelings for Hugh Janus, or about the weak rapist Marty with tears of love now begging her to run away with him. To where to what…. he had no idea. What a jerk, all empty talk. Marty was a gutless loser. He was stupid if he thought he could outsmart Henri. He did not have a clue what he was up against. Henri would have Marty dealt with, simple as ordering a breakfast. More stupid than an idiot, Marty was good for nothing except to be used. His devotion in her arms almost made her spew. She clung to him at times only because nothing else was there.

“I love you!” he cried, the bullying crawler she saw before her grinning, panting like a beast.

“Don't make me laugh,” Daisy growled and wiped his saliva from her face on the back of her arm.

She tore away the remnants of pantyhose and wiped herself ungracefully.

“Are you stupid? You forced yourself on me. If Henri finds out about this he will kill you. No problem, kiddo!”

Daisy had no time to waste on Marty.

“So, you’re back? I’ve hired someone to take your place… just temporary.”

She glared at him, thinking only of her problem. Zhiv had a video of her filmed in extremities of abandon, gutter-slut crazy, off her head… she couldn't remember where, nor for that matter how it started… or even how far did she go, nor with how many. She didn't look at their faces in the end, taking whatever they dished up. And the dog-turd filmed it without mercy. How much she wasn’t sure, but there was plenty. She didn’t care about anything at the time. Now she was disgusted; more in Zhiv and the rest of the pigs than herself, but enough in herself to wish she was dead. Maybe that would be the best solution after all….

Most of all, Daisy was horrified by the way she shot off her mouth after they drugged her senseless, spilling her guts with loose talk enough to get her dead, if Henri knew. Even worse, she feared she may have mentioned Deanna. Daisy dreaded the calamity if Zhiv went to the cops, if he wasn’t a cop himself. The damage would be horrendous.

Her thoughts were interrupted by Marty’s voice, “You won’t say anything to Henri, will you?”


Chapter 6


“There should be more respect for our kids and for our old people. 
Among all of us they do least damage… The young have not yet done anything wrong. 
The old have already done their worst. Now they are harmless. 
I treasure the very young and the very old for their innocence… 
Although, it makes me wonder: 
Where do all the assholes come from in-between.”- Hugh Janus.


Daisy was afraid what Henri would do if he saw the video of her under the spell of Dr Zhiv. Her degradation on film would amuse him, but not distract him from her shooting off her mouth when she lost her senses. It was Henri’s fault she was driven mad with anger at him. He would not see that. She was resigned to the violence that would surely come her way when Henri or Deanna saw the video. She had been through enough to know the score. She should have known better. But no bad trouble was ever good enough to change her ways. New regrets she simply caged away, along with her old demons.

When alone during the long, long night, some days later, when Daisy’s insides eased aching and her mind returned to her, with Henri still far away the soothing song of the sea drew her down the beach toward the water. She stroked a wrist with her thumb, the old scar of failure stirring too-vivid memories. Her bare feet sank slowly into wet sand. The sea flung itself in thunderous fury against the coast and rolled away with a sigh before rushing forward to smash again on land, slowly grinding away time and shoreline. Daisy stared out of mental fog into the dark, and she sniffed the cold, whilst waves crashed on rocks and pounded the beach, milling rock into sand with erosion unnoticeable to the naked eye, like the sadness that gradually eats away a woman’s life.

With arms hugging her ribs tight against this chill, she shook her head and squeezed her eyes shut, but there was no escape from the lost baby screaming inside her mind on the dirty bed long ago when in a drugged haze when she thought she was dreaming only to wake and find the cold little precious one lying there beside her, Daddy’s baby, poor thing with huge, dull, innocent eyes staring, still begging for the life that was now gone, with no more need, no hope, no salvation….

Wind and raging sea screeched in her ears with the sound of her own voice howling. Nothing could change anything. Her mind fled and she fell to her knees in sandy slush, her face falling apart in her hands, and she spat in self-disgust, “You stupid, worthless cunt, Helenka, you fucking useless idiot-bitch….”

*

Mercifully, things were not always so bad. Next night Daisy was at peace as she prepared for the stage. It was good to be back on cloud nine. She placed a burning cigarette in the ashtray and blew smoke at her face in the mirror. Pain dulled under snow-lined clouds of angel sprinkle. She shook a sparkling costume in the bright-lit gloom of the backroom. Red sequins glittered on red satin. Nothing mattered. She ignored Hugh Janus as he watched her strip from street clothes. She tossed garments one by one at a chair. He didn’t bother to politely reach out and pick what fell to the floor. Nor did he politely look the other way. He stared with his mind idly shaping his act for that night, hoping for something beyond cheap laughter. Laughs were okay, but a gag could have meaning too. A silk camisole slowly slid from the pile of garments onto concrete as Janus half-watched Daisy's underwear piece at a time fly through the air to land on the chair with the rest of her clothes. She delicately snipped stray pubes with curved nail scissors before stepping through the loops of a G-string.

On the wall of the backroom were pinned and taped a scatter of tattered posters and roughly cut news clippings. Among them under dusty glass a framed photograph faded where it hung from a nail hammered into mortar between bricks. The photograph was a portrait of Daisy stage-struck in an almost balletic pose crowned with glowing feathers. The portrait was more than a memento of decades past, it was the captured spirit of her life’s dream. She loved it.

Daisy lived with aching hunger for the exhilaration, the tantalising freedom of dance, pulsating with bare emotion, splashed with hot light, the irresistible desire to sweat breathlessly in the sublime frenzied embrace of music. It wet her all over. She swam in it, the excitement to which she belonged, even when it was gone. Her only real life was on stage, half-bare, swimming in perspiration in the dim aura of hazy light and throbbing rhythm. There onstage all other moments and cruel memories were powerless. If only the rest of life could be so intense and swirl so wildly….

“Hurry up you two!” Marty shouted through the door. “People are getting restless. How are you going Daisy? Is there anything I can do for you, Baby? Gee, it’s good to have you back.”

Whenever Henri was overseas Marty drove everyone nuts, acting the impresario, an officious oaf ordering staff to do what they already knew. During Daisy’s mysterious absence, while on her drug-and sex binge, Marty hired substitute dancers, real strippers but they did not have Daisy’s class. Plus they demanded to be paid and did not take kindly to Marty’s close supervision. He talked big and acted tough, imitating the absent boss. He even sounded like Henri at times. Janus noticed too while Henri was away and now Daisy was back at work, she sometimes allowed Marty to drive her home after the show. Janus figured there was more than a free lift on the menu.

“Let’s get moving,” Marty slapped Janus on the shoulder as the comedian went by toward the curtain.

Janus brushed him aside.

“Break a leg!” Marty yelled from behind.

Janus cringed.  Sucking deep breaths at the back of the stage curtain, Janus watched from the corner of his eye as Marty moved his lips close to Daisy's ear. Henri wouldn’t like that if he saw Marty mooching.

Daisy cried out, “Fuck off Marty, please! Can you leave me alone for five fucking minutes?”

Janus broke through the curtain on stage into the light. He greeted the audience outnumbered by empty chairs, “Good evening my fellow Fallopian Refugees! Welcome to Henri’s Club….”

He rapped loosely with random observations on the state of the universe, starting with the hunt for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. The TV news was full of it, the refuge of impotent imagination…. topical bullshit, the fabled comedic gold mine….

“If they really wanted to find weapons of mass destruction they would have invaded the USA not fucking Persia. There’s nothing in Iraq but oil wells, war correspondents and American contractors!”

In the same vein he treated the subject of a recent TV documentary about a plague of kids in Cambodia with legs blown off by bombs and war-junk left behind after the USA’s secret bombing long ago. In the audience strained faces showed Janus was losing them with every bleeding-heartbeat.

“Fucking American monsters with their slimy Australian and British allies, man, they should be arrested! Travelling the world in tanks and bombers – Korea, Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan - Man, they make paedophile sex tourists look like saints. You see them running round the world blowing up women & children everywhere! Man, they don’t care. They fuck up the place and then fuck off… and they leave all these anti-personnel land mines scattered around all about the joint… eh? Why not? We got a shitload! Fuck everybody!

“Human decency??? There’s no percentage in that product! Hey, look, there’s a little kid with two legs. Blow one of the fuckers off. That’ll slow him down. See you at the next Paralympics, Sonny Boy… How’s your mother? Fuck her too. Is your sister home?

“And then you see them, the cowardly monkey-in-camouflage, all go off sulking after their ass whipping in Vietnam, and leave their murderous junk behind blowing off kids legs for the next hundred years. That’s not playing soldiers. That’s plain-and-simple terrorism, not war! It’s first grade terrorism, worse than blowing up a skyscraper full of innocent office workers! Worse than running round in a turban with a stick of dynamite stuck up your ass like some suicide bomber! And they have the gall to call them land mines????”

Janus pulled a face of exaggerated disbelief, dripping with sweat.

“If you ask me, they should call them Kindergarten-Leg-Bombs!!!”

Janus acted deaf to Marty behind the curtain yelling for him to get his ass offstage.

Patrons close to the front began to chuckle at Marty’s voice and Janus got a kick out of it thinking they were laughing at his gags. And with Henri away Janus felt unstoppable. He did a random set of inane one-liners like: Hey, I always wondered – do dead grasshoppers eat dead grass?

He launched into one of his favourite stories about Adolph Hitler.

“You know Hitler lost the war. But he had the last laugh. Even though he was defeated, he had his vengeance on the one man who single-handedly was responsible for his downfall. He killed himself!

“And motherfuckers asked: What took the Bastard so long?”

No one in the audience laughed, so Janus did it for them.

“Ha-ha-ha! The thing you need to realise is: Hitler was a perfectionist. To make sure he did it right, he needed a lot of rehearsals. Fifty million poor bastards to be precise!

“Of course, we’ve all read the Bible so you can be sure Hitler went to Hell, and years after he died he was joined there by his hated enemy, Joseph Stalin, when Stalin eventually died. The two old enemy dictators were chained side by side among all the other suffering war criminals in history, tyrants and bad people, murderers, emperors and high-finance bank bosses. And of course, like proper fuckwits, they learned nothing. Hitler and Stalin started squabbling and fighting again….. like a pair of dogs. The wankers! They argued about which of them had caused the most destruction and suffering. And Hitler thought he had a pretty good case, so he wisecracks to Stalin, Hey Ruskie, I bet I killed more Commoes than you ever did.
“Stalin smiles and says to Hitler, I would not be so sure of that, Comrade. Yet, you may be sure of one thing! I did do something you were never able to achieve.

“Hitler got indignant. Man. He started shaking his fist and raising his hands and shouting like a revivalist preacher. And Adolph demanded to know, What was that? He was confident he committed more atrocities of every kind than any other leader in history, even more than Hideki Tojo or Pol Pot or Stalin himself.

“What did you do that I could not?  Hitler sneered.”

“Stalin with his big moustache smiles at Hitler…. and slowly swelling his chest, Stalin proudly says: My dear fellow… I Killed Communism!”

That got plenty of laughs, maybe for different reasons.

The set went okay, by Janus’s usual standard, and certainly better than his rant about Monster Americans eating black and red and yellow babies all round the world like human jellybeans, and such. Janus wound up with his perfunctory preamble to Daisy's dance act. When he arrived home after the show there was a note from Deanna to say she was working overnight on something urgent and she would see him next day. Janus made a phone call and rang for a cab to go see his friend Blanche. He got back home after daylight and still Deanna wasn’t home. After a few hours of death-like sleep he fell from the bed to the floor and crawled to the bathroom where he threw up in the shower and trod the lumps down the drain-grate, and  he soon felt half-alive. He tossed on a T-shirt and staggered to the kitchen. He drank a raw egg stirred into a glass of sugary milk and leaning over the sink he threw that up too, which made him feel a lot better, until the shriek of the disposal grinder unit tore his mind to shreds.

That night at the Club there was a better than usual sized crowd. His head stopped pounding, though his sour stomach felt putrid. Al the odd-job guy warned Janus there were coppers in the audience so he should be careful what he said. Janus was more scared of Henri than he was of coppers, and Henri wasn’t there. Janus staggered like a zombie through his first set, equally surprised when people did not laugh as he was when they did.

“Okay, folks, that’s enough of me…. give it up for the Dancing Queen, Tina Viva-vagee-na-ah-ah…..” his voice bellowed from the speakers.

Janus watched Daisy’s performance without interest from the curtain-edge. After seeing her naked in the backroom night after night, on-stage antics were an anti-climax. Sometimes with a glance and a smile while she danced she gave him the feeling she was especially dancing for him. Her hip, her shoulder, and her eyes oozed toward him. He wasn't the only one getting the treatment. He pitied the ingratiating smiles at tables close to the stage. Daisy rushed offstage, the sound and light guy made the music die, Janus casually wandered on again with his trademark shabby jeans, T-shirt, three-day growth and bum-scratch.

“Wasn’t that something? Isn’t she fantastic? Let’s hear it again for the lovely Tina-a-a-a Vivavagin-a-a-ah-h-h!!!”

“Hey! Here’s the cleaner!” some drunk shouted. “Where's your broom, mate?”

Janus gave his crappy clothes a browse and laughed with the crowd. Mostly he ignored hecklers if he could, because it was hard to outsmart them. They took him by surprise though he tried to not show it. He faked an air of impervious cool. Criticism did not hurt, it wounded!

Interjections were an embarrassment. When Henri was there the boss liked to rub them in with advice. But Henri wasn’t there and Janus felt a sweet sense of impunity. The aggressive drunk in the audience had another go at Janus with a yell.

“Get offstage, you pussy!”

Janus aimed a sulky schoolgirl glare in the direction of the voice.

Janus sneered, “It takes one to know one, you cunt.”

The audience laughed. But they laughed as much at him. Janus felt foolish, wishing he kept his mouth shut. Encouraged by success the same fool interjected in Janus’s next set.

“Hey, you’re nothing but a big cunt!”

Janus lost his train of thought and shot off his mouth without thinking. Blood rushed his face.

His voice boomed, “Well, why don’t you come up here and try to fuck me you little prick?”

Laughter and cheers surprisingly erupted from here and there. Janus feared the heckler might rush the stage, but he was emboldened by an upsurge that seemed on his side. The cheeky bigmouth grinned sheepishly in the dark. The heckler’s obvious discomfort showed he was no tough guy at all….

“Well my friend,” Janus renewed himself with braver calm. “I can see you’re an intelligent wanker. And you probably don’t need any advice how to improve your sex life - it’s obvious you have that well in hand.”

Seedy old guys roared victory cries as Janus made hand motions in the mode of male masturbation, and Janus felt good. It amazed Janus how easily the audience laughed with dumb shit like that, when often gags with a point fell flat. It wasn’t fair. It made no sense. But he was determined to ride out the wave of cheap laughs, and he stared gratefully into the grizzled, unshaved face of a regular punter dressed in a fifty year old double-breasted suit laughing helplessly close to the stage. Janus relaxed and caught his breath, casting a smile round the crowd, while Marty ranted.

Marty yelled from the heavy curtain, trying to be heard above the worsening noise of the audience, “For Christs-sake Janus, get offstage, you bastard or I’ll come out there and drag you off!”

Strange puzzlement raked lines across Marty’s forehead. He was disturbed by the gradual realisation people were laughing out there, actually laughing, lots of them, and loudly. What was going on?

After the first set, with Janus safely off stage, Marty checked how things were going at the bar, and he whined to Maria and Mandy that Janus was getting out of control.

“Now with the place so busy I don’t have time to deal with Janus and his overblown ego,” Marty said.

“Nothing worse than a man with an overblown ego,” Mandy said and Maria agreed and Mandy did a crazy giggle and sauntered away.

“Is she high?” Marty asked.

Maria shrugged, “Who cares? She is always like that. She’s funny. The punters like her. Don’t worry about Mandy. She’s good.”

Marty stared at the girl with tight buttocks that seemed to wrestle with each other as she wandered among the tables, giggling and taking orders and slapping away the odd hand.

“If I catch her taking drugs on the job I’ll kick her ass out on the street,” Marty growled. “Don’t think I won’t. And where the hell is that little bludger Al? Has he gone walkabout again?”

“Here I am boss,” said Al, “Just here to empty the bins.”

Marty span round and there was Al’s happy round black face smiling behind him.
“What?” Marty said. “You got nothing better to do than hang round like a bad smell? Get back to work.”

The staff complained about Marty to Janus.

“After all, you’re related to the boss. He’ll listen to you.”

Mandy, Maria and Al said temporary power had gone to Marty’s head. Al said he couldn’t wait for boss Henri to return. Janus felt sympathetic, but with Henri away, Janus enjoyed his freedom too. His act now belonged to him. The audience seemed larger and warmer. He stretched his sets to Marty’s exasperation and allowed his material to stray beyond bounds he knew would earn Henri’s displeasure - were Henri there.

But one night Janus felt flat. Deanna had argued with him and Blanche was too busy to see him. When he went to visit Paris at the brothel, she wasn’t working. Janus saw another little Asian girl with a pretty face that even when she smiled seemed a stranger. She called him Darling in a manly fashion and gave a quick suck and fuck, and that was all there was to it.

She removed the condom from him and inspected its contents with a sneer. When he opened his mouth to talk she seemed bored before he uttered a word, and she said, “Roll over.”

She massaged his back with little effort or energy, to waste the remainder of his time. It was a dumb and soft rub. He felt cheated. He hated it with his face suffocating in the pillow. He hoped for it soon to be over. He expected the girl to suddenly splat face-first on his back in a sleep. He felt no contact, no connection, as though he was a piece of meat, as though his whole being had remained inside the condom. He left the place feeling frustrated and lonely.

Hours later at the nightclub he was depressed. He moved stiffly, his head ached and his ass itched and when he scratched it hurt and itched more. He had a couple of joints and Daisy flipped him some speed but his mood did not change. When she asked what was wrong he mumbled unconsciously in response. He felt her hand on his shoulder but he felt no life in him under her touch, and then again he was alone, though he heard her still there, saying something, doing something – she, like the World had become irrelevant; the drugs dried his eyes and mouth, but seemed to have no other effect. If anything he felt worse. He became disconnected from his body. He passed from cold darkness, through the stage curtain, into a blaze of heat and blinding light that almost knocked him over. He grasped the microphone stand for balance and fumbled with the microphone, feeling dull and dim and unwell. His mind flapped loosely. Old jokes rose from within like verbal reflux.

“The Gods all go round in Heaven wearing sunglasses to avoid being mobbed by thousands of fans….

“And the big Boss-God is especially mad with all the dead religious leaders who for centuries have blamed Him for creating everything!

“And behind his back they go on, falsely-labelling every natural disaster an Act of God….”

A loud lone voice in the audience shouted out. Janus did not catch it.

Janus continued his habitual rant, “All the wowsers and killjoy Angels sit up there in Heaven all day… looking down, over the edge of their clouds with miserable faces - watching us down here on Earth… and they complain about all the sex and violence going on. The idiots think Life on Earth is a fucking TV show.”

Janus laughed. He followed with poor childhood stuff and filthy asides that occurred to him in between.

“Hey did you hear about the sexually degenerate grasshopper that jumped onto an elephant… and then the grasshopper starts fucking the elephant? The elephant turns round with a confused look on its face and says, Hey, what’s going on back there?”

Janus gave a quick worried look behind himself, as much as an elephant in the situation might, before turning again to the audience. He almost lost balance and quickly steadied himself, his voice trembling deeply from the speakers.

“The grasshopper growls at the elephant: Just spread your legs, Bitch! And shut up before I slap you in the kisser!”

Janus was glad for a few laughs. He almost recited a disgusting gag that Al had recently told him – but his ego simply would not allow him to steal a gag from the janitor…

“Hey, what is it with rich people these days…” he went on with more old jokes.

The performance went erratically and the audience grew restive as Janus lost them. He knew instinctively the show was not going well, but he did know why. Maybe he was tired, or a little drunk or stoned. It made no difference normally. He liked it that way. But now it was not nice for him. His feet felt far away. His chest was tight. His face felt swollen. The microphone was heavy. He had no idea how long he had been on stage, or what night of the week it was.

Janus wound up a brief meandering political tirade, accompanied by ambiguous laughter, he felt slightly faint, faintly numb and only faintly really there...

“Don’t get me wrong, I’ve got nothing against Americans. Most of them don’t even live in the USA! Ask the Canadians, or the Cubans, or the Argentinians or Brazilians….”

Laughs were drained in tone, and they faded fast. Front of stage now, a sad drunk clapped loyally but with tired hands. The old guy opened his mouth wide, not to laugh but yawn. Janus blinked but his vision blurred more. He heard his voice in the distance. He swallowed sick-tasting saliva. He tried to recall what he smoked before going on stage. The indistinct haze of shadows close to the stage shimmered in a blur of bright light and darkness. Something was wrong but he did not know what.

Unruly youths at a back table laughed between jokes, sometimes through them. A table of local prostitutes closer to the stage seemed more amused by their own conversation. Their outbursts of shrieking laughter, more at their own business than Janus, nonetheless added to the general gaiety and encouraged others to laugh who may have otherwise not done so. Scattered laughter rippled. Maria behind bar jammed fingers in corners of her mouth and let loose a piercing whistle above the uproar.

Janus took a sadistic swipe at a heckler who shrank in the shadows. Maybe Janus went too far. He felt too depressed to care. He was unsure. He did not care. He felt mean, and he liked the taste of it.

“I’ll tell you something you probably don’t know, Pal - if ever you get a girlfriend…. don’t think for a moment you’ll impress her by jerking yourself off with the dunny door open. That won't impress her. And don’t think it will help to wear a clown mask on your face either. In your case, she probably won’t even notice the difference.”

Lone men showed more interested in to topless Mandy on her rounds among the tables. Her bare smooth bum cheeks peeped below the hem of her tartan micro skirt. The men attended to cigarettes and drinks, gradually paying Janus attention. Eyes strayed from the tattoo display behind the bar, toward the stage. Marty behind the curtain could not help notice the louder and more frequent swells of laughter. He was dumb-founded. He gave up yelling for Janus to get offstage. It sounded like people were enjoying the show.

“Life is bisexual. We all know that! It doesn’t matter if you are a cunt or an asshole – you still get fucked!”

A woman rose from a table of red faces. She glared stage-ward, then brusquely turned and stormed out. Maybe she was rushing for a bus. She certainly left in a hurry. Marty followed her. Maybe something Janus said offended her. The bulk of Marty circled a table of noisy young guys. Nothing came of it. Then Marty swooped on a guy at a table by himself and bundled him out of the place with an arm twisted up his back and the show went on. Janus took a calming breath to steady the pain in his head….

“In Heaven all the Jews and Arabs are forced to live side by side, and all day they do nothing but throw clouds at each other…..”

A voice from the heavens roared out, “Bring back the stripper!”

“Yeah sure,” Janus gave up trying to be the funny man. “We’ll take a short break now - and WOW - she’ll be back before you know it, so get ready boys and girls… the lovely Tina Vivavagin-a-a-a will be on stage soon. Meanwhile get those drinks into you and make Henri a happy man when he comes home.”

The loudest applause came from yahoos at the back. The noisy idiots carried on while Daisy hastily finished a cigarette behind the stage curtain.

“Are you sure I’m not getting too fat for all this?” she asked Janus when he came offstage. “Henri said I should go on a diet, but I have to eat. Am I overweight?”

Daisy slapped her round belly as cute as a well-fed puppy’s. Janus offered a grunt of encouragement muffled by the towel over his face as he threw up into it. Some ended in a mess on the floor. He wiped his face, smearing it clean.

“Classy!” Daisy muttered.

Then she yelled, “Al, get here with the mop.”

*

Daisy patted Janus on the shoulder and shook her head in sympathetic disgust, “I don’t know how you do it.”

Voices beyond the curtain howled, “Send on the old stripper.”

Others joined the call. Daisy hated that attitude…. Boom Boom Boom…. The place shook with music, she side-stepped Janus’s mess on the floor. She was a dancer, not a stripper…. Boom Boom…. She gritted her teeth in a huge smile as she swirled the curtain aside… and waving feathered fans Tina Vivavagina swept into the heat and glare. Glitter sparkled in her pink wig. Drunks roared, scattered clapping made the sound of light rain while she danced under the hot lights, sultry music throbbed overhead, creaky boards trembled beneath her feet.

“Yahoo!” yelled the yahoos.

Marty the security guy muttered to Janus backstage, “I feel sorry for the poor bloody kid. You know Henri called her a dumb slut the night before he left. He almost spat in her face, right in front of us at the bar and she just stood there and took it with a smile. She deserves better.”

“Yeah?” Janus flung the fluffy bundle of his spew in a rubbish bin.

“I felt like jobbing the weak old prick,” Marty said. “Don’t think I didn’t - but, you know, a job’s a job.”

“Yeah.”

Janus felt empty. He simply needed a little more philosophical happiness in his life….

“Anyway… You can’t talk sense to Henri,” Marty leaned close, careful to avoid the mess on the floor. “I’m not afraid of him but he’s insane. He’s liable to shoot you…. or anything… if he does his block. I saw him in a brawl here one night. He can handle himself. He decked a few guys too….”

“Yeah! I was on stage that night,” said Janus. “I remember, it was crazy.”

Everything was crazy. Janus tasted self-disgust in his mouth. His face felt sticky. The music stopped. Daisy swept backstage, trailing the curtain and applause in her wake. Sweat dripped and she wobbled dimpled thighs, smiling gaily.

“Now I feel better,” she chuckled, as Janus handed her a lighted cigarette.

“And something I gotta say,” Marty told Janus, with a glance toward Daisy as he prodded Janus in the chest with a blunt finger, “About those Jewish jokes of yours. Don't forget, Henri warned you not to do them. I wouldn’t - if you know what’s good for you. You're lucky he wasn't here tonight. Isn’t that right, Daisy?”

Daisy’s smile disappeared. Janus shrugged, “Henri isn’t here. So, what’s the problem?”

This time Marty shook his head. His huge shoulders loomed forward, menacingly.

“Don’t say I didn’t warn you. That’s all.”

Marty strode away, his purposeful lope enhanced by the expanse of white shirt stretched across his back with muscles moving beneath it. Marty seemed to swell up or shrink in accordance with his self-importance. Now he was big again.

“Be careful what you say to Marty,” Daisy hissed as she wrapped herself in a towelling robe. “The creep can act nice when he wants, but don’t drop your guard. He tells Henri everything.”

Pasty-faced Janus raised an eyebrow, and snidely enquired, “Everything?”

Daisy avoided the cheap knowing look.

“Almost everything,” she muttered, dropping the cigarette to the floor away from the patch of Janus’s mess, and grinding the butt with the toe of her red high-heeled dancing shoe.

Suddenly there was a crash in the nearby doorway, as Al flung a heavy iron bucket with brass mop-squeezing rollers to the floor.

“Hey, you two, I’ve got a joke to tell you….”

Al always had a joke to tell, most of them old, not always funny. They were often drawn-out ordeals punctuated by quaint giggles in Al’s excitement. He adjusted the dog-eared book half-hanging out the back pocket of his overalls. And began using the mop.

As far as books went Al read only paperbacks. Hardbacks were too heavy. He could not afford them on his pay. With the paperback nestled safely in his pocket, Al snickered and gave a wink to Janus.

Al spoke as he mopped the floor where Janus had thrown up.

“This is a really foul joke. You can use it in your act if you like. It’s an old gaol joke. I don’t mind. Tell me if you’ve heard it before.”

Al began as he quickly had the floor cleaned, “This skinny little guy gets locked in gaol with a huge, tough psychotic murderer and the little guy is scared. And the big guy just sits there staring with blood-shot eyes and an evil smile, and the little guy is shaking with fear in the corner all the while, until the big guy says, Hey funny little man. Let’s play a game. The little guy is too scared to say no, so he mumbles, Okay.

“Heh-heh… And the big guy says, Hey, let’s play Mothers & Fathers. Do you want to be the mother or the father? The little guy by now is almost crapping himself with fear. What is this big guy up to? You can just imagine. There’s nowhere to run - and the little skinny guy can’t think of any way out, so he says, C-c-can I be the f-f-father?”

Al cracked up laughing before he could finally blurt out the punch-line…

“And the happy big guy says, Sure. You’re the Daddy… come here, Daddy, and suck Mummy’s cock!!!!”

Daisy laughed uproariously.

“Have you got any more?” she laughed still, while Janus gave a desultory dark-faced grunt, with sick look and he muttered, “Yeah, that’s a good one, Al.”



Chapter 7


“A woman likes to look at a nicely-made bed, but a man prefers 
to look at the nice messed-up bed after they’ve done it.” - Hugh Janus.


Janus was depressed. All his profound truths added up to nothing. Life’s dance of chaos had become ridiculous, and he felt its big foot had stepped on him. He decided to give it all up until he realised there was nothing else. He tried to speak to the one person who knew him better than all others. But there was none. He was bored sick. He contemplated the idea of suicide, not with a plan, but just the idea. Something about it appealed to him. He filed the idea in his mind to use it in his act.
After his wife picked him up from the Club one night, he said, “Deanna, I’m worried.”

She said, “Me too. I’m worried about Daisy. I’ve been worried awhile now. I think she’s losing it.”

Janus did not know why Deanna worried about Daisy. She should worry about him. Daisy seemed fine. Janus let Deanna talk all the way home. She was burned-out and edgy. She was like that always but she carried it well.

Take it or leave it, that was Deanna’s attitude, and Janus loved the way she was, although it was sometimes not easy to love her.

And maybe love was not even the right word, but he was married to her…. sweet inscrutable Deanna, always in control with her secrets, all her unfathomable phone calls and her temperamental obsessions…. now she was going on about Daisy, blab, blab, blab, crazy woman talk, She feels this…. but not that… and he said, but he doesn’t…. everybody knows it’s not true…. and of course…. but then…. and if that, then blah-blah-blah…. you’re all the same…. if only…. Whatever….

She drove like a maniac. She gave him no chance to talk of his problems. To his surprise it made him feel better, totally disconnected from himself. He meant nothing to her, or did he? It seemed not. He stared at her face, hoping if she crashed the car, all his troubles would be over. He hoped she would survive and when he died, she would feel guilty. He sat back in subliminal bondage and let her verbally flog him with her worries about Daisy.

That’s what Sylvester says, but he’s different…. that’s what she needs…. but of course…. And something else…. but what can you say? People don’t listen…. Etc…. etc…. etc.…

Deanna and Daisy had been friends since forever. Janus could not see anything they had in common besides Henri. Of course they were both crazy bitches and great in bed… or wherever convenient. They were both insatiable substance abusers and speed-freaks on and off the road. A lot of their problems had to do with Henri, naturally. Bad things happened years ago apparently, terrible unspoken things, Janus imagined. What bad things they were he could not be sure, and he was scared to ask when he saw the look on Deanna’s face whenever he broached the subject.

The two women was each nuts in their own way. Daisy was a total nut case. Deanna was more of a tough nut. Deanna, the less nutty of the two, paradoxically was the one always running off to see the psychiatrist. They were both women, maybe that the main thing. They enjoyed complaining about men and talking about their problems. It was always the same when Henri went away leaving Daisy alone.

Daisy had obviously given Deanna an earful of her owl-eyed guts-ache. Now Deanna was giving it second-hand to Janus. The faster she talked, the more agitated she grew, the more violently she wrenched the manual stick-shift through the gates between gears. Automatic transmission was too much an abrogation to the machine. Deanna insisted on control in her own hands, behind the wheel of her large sports model auto as much as in all sectors of life. Janus watched the speed gauge begrudgingly. He should be driving, not her. Their lives would be less at risk and maybe then she would concentrate on what she was talking about.

Dammit, she reminded him of Henri sometimes.

Of course, Janus did not suggest he drive. Deanna distrusted men behind the wheel. She said men are too aggressive. It was a hormonal thing, and they suffered from a visual defect to the extent they are unable to see past a mini-skirt. Anyway it was her car, so what was the point of arguing. She had her crazy ideas and there was nothing Janus could do about it. The bulletproof glass was an affectation, like the handgun she often carried. It all seemed unnecessary. The procession of mobile phones she went through, like some master spy seemed such a waste of time. She was in love with secret business fantasies. It was common to overhear her spouting in tongues over the phone.

She would posture like a movie villain, “Sha chum lang!”

Her exaggerated inflections were accompanied by gestures, “Paket nije dostavljona…”

She seemed to Janus schizophrenic, one moment innocuous, another deadly.

At times she growled, or snarled and at times she sang, “Bine, bine, bine ai…”

She was the same behind the wheel of a car. Janus watched his wife’s driving critically. She changed gear with sword-master precision, switching lanes like a fighter pilot, accelerating at every half-chance, violent with the brakes and fierce on the gas pedal. It was the way she lived. He had no idea of what she did in her working days. Obviously she was up to something.

He was puzzled the time he heard her console a caller over the phone, “Don’t fret. The Arabs and the Israelis will turn a blind eye.”

Then she laughed like a lunatic. Whatever it was it was complicated. That was the only thing he could be sure of. Her private life took place in a different dimension. He did not care about it. What he cared about was more basic and narrow - the passionate woman she was. He knew what she was like, with her mind a writhing maze of intrigue. She always loved high pressure, risk, intensity and romance. She was always obsessive… especially about sex. That’s why he first liked her. He fondly recalled times gone by she was as bad as he was. Now, unless she had changed, he knew she was only getting half of what she needed from him.

But he was too self-centred to be disturbed by the matrimonial decline. He knew that. His selfishness was his salvation. Otherwise he would be nothing more than a floating speck in society’s stream of floating sewage…

Janus almost jumped out of his skin as Deanna pumped the gas pedal and jammed on the brake with her heel at the same time tickling the accelerator with her toe to maintain motor revs, double-declutched, shifted down a gear and speared across lanes, tailgating the sucker in front of her as she flew up the inside lane of a 16-wheel interstate transport. The speedometer darted to double the speed limit. Deanna jabbered the entire time in pace with the tachometer needle bouncing off the red zone, and at the last moment she swerved around the speeding vehicle in front in a blur, crossing lanes in front of the road transport with inches to spare all round, and left them both with a blaring klaxon behind her. All the while she never shut up.
Blah! Blah! Blah!

“For God’s sake, Deanna, will you slow down?”

“What’s wrong?” she sneered, “I'm not going fast….”

“I mean talk slower!” he snapped. “How much speed have you done tonight? You shouldn’t be driving if you’re high, Jesus Christ you drive like a teenage boy with tits!”

“That’s got nothing to do with it. I’m worried about Daisy, that’s all,” said Deanna, eating up the open road.

“Poor Daisy, she's crazy at the best of times. And now with Uncle Henri away she is worse than ever. What do you know about this thing in the overcoat she’s mixed up with?”

“Nothing much - small time arsehole, beady little eyes and rat-like snout, wears a huge ugly coat like he’s forever on the way to a fancy dress party…”

“I should sort him myself…”

“He’s just your usual drug dealer,” Janus shrugged. “I heard he’s an undercover cop. Or he’s in business with them. That’s what Al reckons,”

Other people’s problems did not easily interest Janus.

“Do you want me to drive?” he asked.

“This creep has some hold over Daisy,” Deanna said. “It’s weird. I don’t know what it is. She won’t say, but I think she is terrified of him. It’s an unhealthy relationship if you ask me.”

“She’s one weird chick, that’s for sure,” Janus said. “She scares me too. Not with what she does but you never know what she might do. All her relationships are unhealthy.”

“What do you mean?”

“Just listen to what she comes out with, in that innocent voice of hers. I don’t know how many times I heard her say she could cut Henri’s throat as easy as that!”

Janus snapped his thumb and finger close to Deanna’s nose.

“And she says it so cold and calmly. I’m convinced she's capable of doing it someday.”

Deanna nodded sadly. They were silent most of the remainder of the drive home. The only other thing Deanna said was, “Get a joint out of my bag, Baby? All this talk of Daisy is bringing me down. Maybe when I get a day off work soon I'll have a word to Uncle Henri.”

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Janus laughed.

Deanna said no more. For Janus the unsettling thing about Daisy was the mixed feelings she stirred in him. At the same time she exuded an easy sort of welcoming comfort. Too easy sometimes…. It was hard to tell what was real and what an act, with her. Everyone is the same. But one thing, her tits were real, with nipples that at times seemed bright and other times dark in contrast with her natural candle-wax white flesh. Maybe that came from the eastern European ancestry she alluded to. What was the difference? The world was a giant bordello anyway, if only people knew. If only they realised the truth, people wouldn’t swallow so much bullshit. They’d be too busy sucking cock and pussy…. and beautiful tits like Daisy’s. They were gorgeous, especially for an old chick. Not that big or firm, they just looked great, same with her ass and so on. Her legs seemed longer than they were. The separation of her thighs disguised their size, real dancer’s thighs, and her round belly offset the nonchalance of her breasts. Her body did not so much sag as she aged, but relaxed.

So much about Daisy was soft and snuggly, like a satin sofa piled with cushions by a fireplace in a warm boudoir, but she was too weird to want, too much trouble and she belonged to the boss, and Janus was married anyway, but it did no harm to think about it, with that doll-like caked-with-make-up look, the curved marks, thick or thin depending on her mood drawn above shaved brows by the special pencil she carried everywhere. On stage the fake eyebrows were a splash of glamour to go with big flashes of veneered teeth, but in real life they made her seem perpetually alarmed. Beneath the wigs she wore on and off stage her gold-dyed hair was pretty, in parts she was losing it. She was nicer, sort of more human without make up, but normally she looked bold, brassy and unreal, a picture that to Janus both appalled and appealed.

*

Daisy spooked Janus, like after the New Year’s Eve stabbing she said, “Next time I’ll do a better job.” And Janus changed the subject slightly with a cheerful note, “I had to laugh when Henri’s thugs grabbed you…. and Deanna told them to let you go… And they did! That was the funny part.”  Daisy calm-eyed Janus for a moment, as though assessing the internal size of his cranium, and she said, “You haven’t worked it out yet?”

Janus grunted, “Huh?”

To which Daisy shook her head, “After all this time, I don’t believe it. Can’t you see? Deanna is in charge…..of everything…. she controls Henri…. this place…. and all the other business…. she controls the whole operation…. Those two goons work for her. They’re there because….”

Thump! Clunk! Daisy and Janus swung their heads toward a scuffle across the backroom, a scrape, a crash, something banged…. the presence of someone in-hiding was betrayed with a painful gasp…. Janus jumped to his feet and Daisy lunged for her bag. She cast the bag aside, drawing from it a knife with a long blade.

Al Toogood’s face appeared from under the cloth sheet hanging over the table in the far corner, his body clambered out clumsily behind. Fumbling with an open book, hastily closing it to stuff it in his rear pocket, chubby Al apologised profusely, “I’m sorry. I must have fallen asleep. I didn’t hear anything. I’m sorry about that. This is embarrassing. I didn’t mean to….”

Al eyeballed Daisy in horror and he rushed from the room. Janus turned from the empty doorway in Al’s wake, with his heart pounding.

Daisy giggled like a naughty kid, “Did you see the look on his face when he saw the knife?”

When Janus told her she was crazy it only made her laugh more.

To Al it was no laughing matter. The sight of the dagger in Daisy’s hand made his heartbeat stumble. Luckily Janus was there, otherwise Al imagined Daisy attacking him. A lesser danger worried Al, if Daisy dobbed him into Henri it could mean his job.

Al was already in trouble after Marty caught him reading his book in work time. Al had no way of knowing Mandy the waitress had dobbed him in to Marty, when Marty caught Al with his book in the dunny.

Mandy had sacrificed Al to save herself. She figured if Marty harassed Al, Marty would leave her alone, and he might stop trying to catch her stoned at work. She told Marty he would find Al in the toilets with his book. Marty was encouraged by Mandy’s cooperation and perhaps intended to reward her later when he traced her steps out the back to the staff toilets.

Al was paranoid Marty would get him fired for reading in the toilet. He worried about it for hours.

Later, that day, Al heard Mandy scream, he saw Marty rush down the corridor with blood trickling from his head, then Mandy came out of the toilet with tiny spots of blood on her face.

Al had to sweep up shattered bits of soap dish scattered across the blood-spattered toilet floor. He put two and two together. It cheered him up. Less than ten minutes later in a happier frame of mind Al came from out the back and overheard Marty dobbing him in to Henri.

“Jesus bloody Christ,” Henri growled. “Al’s been working for me longer than all of you. He knows what he’s doing…. and he knows to keep his mouth shut! Leave him alone. Anyway, what happened to your head? Don’t get your shitty blood on me….”

*

Al overheard many snippets of arguments, conversations, and phone calls, and witnessed the odd incident over the years.

Henri seemed to enjoy arguing over the phone, especially when it sounded like someone needed to be taught a lesson, but not always so. Like the time Al overheard the boss barking over the phone at Deanna. Henri told her she was a fool to save Janus. Al wondered what that was about.

“Let Imran deal with him,” Henri reasoned. “Janus is the one who fucked up…. He’s not worth it, Deanna. You’re crazy…. the guy is a liability…. he’s a grub, that’s unforgivable what he’s done.”

As usual when Henri spoke to Deanna over the phone, Al noticed Henri did a lot of listening and fuming. In the end Henri slammed the phone down so hard it flew to bits. He yelled for Al to come and fix it back together. Like that, Al developed the habit of putting two and two together.

Al heard Deanna Kaye bellowing at Janus in the Club too, chucking things at him and so on, but her ire was more often directed at Henri, telling him what to do or not do something else. And there were many times in back of the nightclub she would be carrying on whispering or barking into a mobile phone, partly in English and partly in foreign lingo.

“… fuck off… urazorik ez, nir anaia….”

As she wandered round, stomping her foot and hissing smoke and waving her hands in the air... sometimes she raised her voice in icy tremor.

“Cocola susuer…”

Al understood not a word, but he knew from the tone of her voice when she meant business.

She spat fire, “Fadicha… janan!”

The ominous tone of her voice gave Al the creeps - with a vision of some unfortunate wretch being shish-kebabed. “Defah lu vu lecka be bel mi la lu lecka!” Or she would on occasion seem almost convivial, laughing, “Damn, he’s such a blagan!”

It was meant nothing to Al. Janus’s wife ignored Al’s existence as he would squeeze by her in the walkway to put bins or rubbish out in the lane. Sometimes able to still hear her voice, Al would linger in the dark alley, looking uphill to street-level, watching small figures of people and cars go by on the main road, just to give her privacy - but if she really wanted privacy she could have shouted softer.

*

Over time Al heard and saw enough to put many two-and-twos together. He doubted Henri was a genuine crime boss, despite his bodyguards, big-time bragging and occasional “jackpot” from some mystery dealings. Henri seemed more a travel agent and dating-service for roughneck associates. Al knew plenty, from keeping his eyes and ears open, and keeping his mouth shut, Henri organised passports and various other documentation for his friends. He was obviously involved in the periphery of something big-time. It gave Al more the impression Henri fed on crumbs from other people’s mischief than his own. Al paid no credence to Marty’s bullshit about spies, drugs and arms smuggling, secret intelligence services and bent coppers.

Marty would confide to Al his conspiracy theories about Janus betraying Henri’s trust, and Janus endangering Daisy in some way which required Marty’s constant vigilance…. and Janus needing “to be well and truly taught a good lesson”….

“If you see anything, let me know,” Marty breathed in Al’s ear.

With a hearty slap on Al’s shoulder, at the same time Marty deftly slipped the paperback novel from Al’s hip pocket. An expert lifter of wallets, it was a delicate art Marty perfected as a pickpocket at the trotting track in his youth. Al didn’t feel a thing. Marty thought he would teach Al a lesson about reading on the job.

By coincidence, Janus later was hunting for drugs in the back room. He went Daisy’s usual hiding places, searching for a stash. He found Al’s paperback where Marty hid it in a backroom cupboard.

Janus thought Al must have left the book there until hours later he heard Al bemoaning the loss of the book to Candy. Janus saw baldy-headed Marty lurking round the corner of the bar, smirking at the confusion. Janus had a quiet word with Al and said he was pretty sure Marty hid the book in the cupboard.

Everyone on staff was interested then, when Al loudly offered a twenty dollar reward for the return of the book, no questions asked… confidentiality guaranteed. Marty’s jaw dropped and he hurried away as soon as he heard that.

Janus followed Marty to the backroom and watched. Then Daisy joined him. Al came next and swept at the floor a bit while Marty ransacked the cupboard trying to seem casual about it. Then he hunted round on the floor and looked about the place, checked another cupboard and retraced his steps, like a dog scratching about for a bone he buried but forgot where. Al almost burst out laughing. Soon Al wandered off, leaving Marty stroking his goatee in befuddlement, till he finally stormed off.

Marty loudly bemoaned the lack of security in the place and the fact that Al’s book was clearly stolen. Marty told anyone who would listen he was pretty sure who stole it too….

Marty was beside himself later when Al bragged to everyone - the book had been returned. Marty tried to wheedle from Al who returned the book.

“It was Janus, wasn’t it? I’ll kill him one day.”

Al reminded Marty the reward he offered went with confidentiality guaranteed. Al said his integrity was at stake in that regard.

Giving it a second thought, he said, “Maybe it might technically cancel the guarantee of confidentiality – you know, like if the twenty dollar reward money was returned to me …. If you follow my reasoning...”

Marty thought about it.

He stroked his goatee and said, “You mean you’ll tell me who gave you the book, if I pay you twenty bucks?”

Al grinned like a greasy-lipped fat fox.

Marty thought what he could do with the information, he then sneered.

“It’s not worth it….”

With Henri gone Marty had a lot on his mind, doing his own job and Henri's at the same time, always trying to be in two places. He would go one way looking for something he needed to find, while rushing in some other direction with something he was trying to hide. He drew up a list of priorities. He watched Al with an eagle eye to make sure the little fat guy wasn’t shirking; he acted the detective, trying to catch Mandy doing drugs on the job. He maintained protective watch over Daisy constantly; that meant more than anything, to ensure Janus kept his hands off her. The only one on staff Marty could rely on was the girl behind the bar. Unfortunately she once mistook Marty’s professional friendliness for something else and she slapped his face and threatened to scone him with a wine bottle. After that he kept a safe distance, and she was no further trouble.

Under the stress of management Marty fretted. He fussed over the biggest difficulty to get the books up-to-date. He spent so much time fiddling with numbers, he forgot other things, and the place almost ran out of beer. At the last minute he remembered, much to his relief, when Al joked that Henri would be pleased they sold all the beer. Marty dashed to the phone and rang the wholesaler to arrange urgent beer delivery.

Al was pleased when Henri returned before the beer was delivered.

Yep, Henri’s Club sure was a spooky place to work, but interesting, and sometimes fun. Al had endless entertainment. Marty spied on Janus messing round with Daisy. Janus stared at Daisy like a lost child. And Daisy made Al often look the other way, more from respect than self-control. He even plastered up the secret hole in the wall that once gave him so much amusement. He realised he was in love, and he laughed aloud in the corridor, saving his tears for the sleepless night ahead of him.

*

Night after night Daisy seemed oblivious to Janus admiring her lecherously, but when she did notice, Daisy looked pleased, especially when they were alone and the two stickybeaks, Al and Marty, were nowhere round.

“What are you looking at, stupid?” she turned coyly toward Janus, while she shaped her pubic hair with a tiny electric trimmer she sometimes used on her armpits.

Janus never knew many women with such easy niceness. He remembered his wife had something similar when she wanted something. That was okay. The last thing he needed was Daisy messing up his life, and she seemed to sense it. Even when she teased him it was in harmless fun, usually. And he usually enjoyed it in a meaningless way.

“Don’t you like me anymore?” Daisy sometimes cooed to Janus if they were alone.

When Henri was overseas, Janus enjoyed the stirring of harmless flirtation. He responded to the risk with a tingle of excitement. The way she smiled mischievously scared him. At times she looked purely evil. She was a mixed-up chick desperate for reassurance. And she took advantage of him to get it. Whenever he weakened and he touched her, she stared into his eyes with such innocent surprise his throat stiffened with each throb of his pulse and his weakness was irresistible. Now Henri was due back from his mysterious trip to Israel it was a different matter….

Backstage, in quiet time, Daisy offered to Janus’s mouth the filter of her cigarette. Janus took an involuntary drag, tasting more than tobacco and a slight numbness coming to his lips.

“Shit, that’s nice,” he sighed.

She winked. He snatched another drag on the cigarette and handed it back. Daisy slyly stroked her fingers between his legs and he flinched away, doubling over, fending her with a forearm, with a shy glance over his shoulder.

“Don’t be stupid,” Janus hissed. “Are you trying to cause trouble? You know what Henri is like.”

“I’m not scared of him. We don’t need him….”

She was kidding herself, of course, and Janus knew it. Without the Club, and Henri’s beach-side place, Daisy had no job and no home.  She was dependant on Henri in many ways besides the money he gave her to spend on clothes, make up, wigs and drugs, and she knew it.

She didn’t seem to be thinking of that when she laughed, “He won’t be round forever.”

They heard footsteps on the steps. Daisy laughed more when Janus jumped away from her like a naughty boy. Marty stuck his head through the doorway and sniffed the air. He ground his teeth as Daisy stretched her arm through the sleeve of a robe and wrapped it round her body, with the electric shaver in her hand.

“How about a bit of privacy around here,” Daisy moaned, with the cocaine-laced cigarette in the corner of her mouth.

Marty fixed his glare hatefully at Janus, and he growled, “You heard the Lady!”

Marty was a pain. Even the girls saw that. Before the Club opened Janus fetched a pack of cigarettes from the bar and another drink, and a pack of nuts. Maria noted it down in the book and she went back to shifting racks of glassware out of the ancient glass-wash machine in readiness for the evening. She looked almost demure with hair in a ponytail, silver cross on a chain round her neck, long-sleeve dark blouse covering her tattoos.

Apart from her on one side of the bar and Janus on the other, the busy bar felt deserted.

“Thanks Maria,” Janus said sweetly.

She said her name was Candy now!

It was time for a change. That shook him for a second. She was too young to have an identity crisis. So now Maria was Candy. Life was killing him with complications. He could only think of her as Maria, for the moment he avoided calling her anything.

“Marty is a weird dude,” said the girl.

Janus nodded as she rattled glasses into a wire rack.

“Why do you say that?”

“He’s got this thing about you, man. He said if I hear anything I should tell him…. isn’t that we-ird? He thinks you’ve got some secret hold over Daisy, but he said he’s going to fix that. He said killing people feels good. Isn’t that scary? Don't tell him I said anything…..”

“I wouldn't tell him anything. And you shouldn’t either. Be careful what you say in this place. You can't trust anyone…. None of us! It gets worse than weird sometimes.”

“Tell me something I don't know. The strangest thing he said was you know everything - like what’s really going on in this place….. What the freaking hell is that all about?”

“Christ knows. He’s crazy. I wouldn’t have a clue about anything in this joint. Or anything that idiot says.”

“That’s the impression I get,” said the girl and Janus did not like the tone of her voice, but he forgave her when she smiled.

He scratched his backside. As he scratched, Mandy the little waitress walked behind him to clang her tray of empty glasses on the bar.

“Some people should never chew their fingernails,” Mandy said, staring at Janus.

Janus stopped scratching and he asked the girl behind the bar, “What’s up with her?”

Then he looked at the waitress. She was an idiot, even with her university education and smart lip. Maria paid no attention to Mandy. Her eyebrows rose above dark eyes surrounded with black eye-shadow.

Marty slunk in through the back door, a stiff-backed ledger under his arm. Mandy quickly unloaded the last glasses from her tray and hurried away. Maria gestured with disdain and lowered her voice to Janus.

“You're not like him and the rest of them. There's something different about you. I don't know what it is?”

Marty approached the bar and Maria turned away. She went on shifting steamy glass-racks. Marty slammed the heavy ledger on the bar. Maria flinched at the hefty whack it made behind her.

“Hello Candy!” Marty grinned, “How are we tonight, Baby?”

Janus snorted, “We???”

“Good evening, Marty,” said Candy without turning her head.

When she moved to the far end of the bar, Marty hissed at Janus.

“A friendly warning: Keep away from her!”

Marty smiled when Janus rose to the bait indignantly.

“You must be joking, I'm just chatting with the kid, you freak.”

“I'm not talking about her. I'm talking about Daisy. I warn you, if you do anything to hurt the dame, you will be sorry…. very, very sorry. Take my word for it.”

“Yeah….” Janus sighed wearily. “What are you suggesting?”

Marty sneered, “Let your imagination run wild….”

“Are you trying to scare me?”

“Sure am, partner.”

All menace mysteriously departed from Marty. He sprang from his stool with the ledger stuffed under his arm and he sparked.

“Look, here's the Boss now!”

“Uncle Scrooge and Daisy Duck….” Candy muttered under her breath.

Janus liked her attitude. He turned to see Henri steer Daisy into the Club. Two thugs tagged close behind.  The bargirl Candy was a third Daisy’s age, but the two women had something in common. They both hit a deep chord in Janus. He spent a moment wondering what it was. It was early before the show…. and Janus relaxed, elbows on the bar, forgetting Marty's bullshit, watching Candy and seeing Maria, wishing he was twenty years younger. He scratched at his backside and wondered why the Hell it was always itching. He feared it could be serious…. Like people died of bowel cancer! Maybe it would be wise if he should get it checked by a doctor….

“I’m so glad Daddy is back,” Daisy gushed as she stumbled on high-heels alongside Henri.

She clung to the podgy club-owner’s coat sleeve. Henri smiled to himself and brushed her off. With her mouth closed hard, a sulky sound came from her nose.

“What’s up with you, Idiot Bitch?” Henri snarled over his shoulder, as Marty offered the ledger and Henri snatched it.

“Nothing, Daddy,” Daisy chirped. “I’m just happy you’re home again.”

“Home… you mean this convalescent home of cut-price comedy and Croatian cellulite!”

Behind Henri’s back, Daisy’s face darkened.

She thrust fingers deep in her mouth and she fake-retched in a mock vomit. Marty gulped and quickly looked away from her. Daisy shrieked with laughter at him. Henri gave Marty's red face a suspicious stare and asked if he was sick or something.

Marty said, “No Boss! I’m okay.”

But he didn’t look okay, and the longer Henri looked at him the more he saw Marty squirm. With a long distrustful look, Henri asked how drink sales had gone while he was away. Marty swallowed and coughed.

“They went great, Boss” he said.

Henri eyed Marty with a weary shake of his head, and Daisy winked at Janus and he ignored her. If she was looking for trouble he refused to help her find it. When Henri disappeared out back with the takings figures, Daisy wobbled behind, wiggling her backside in pink tights furiously.

“How come you get the bouncer to do the books for you, Daddy?” she cried.

“Why do you let him do it instead of me? Don’t you trust me?”

She kept squawking as Henri went through the doorway ahead of her.

“Or do you think I’m too dumb or something?”



Chapter 8


“In my old neighbourhood, we were so poor we thought cashews were the noises rich people made when they sneezed… like CASH-oo-oo-oo!!! I came from such a tough neighbourhood the local Boy-Cubs gang-raped the Scoutmaster.”- Hugh Janus.


Marty hated to be called a bouncer. He preferred to use brains than fists he said. Marty had ambitions, but he got nowhere trying to convince Henri that classier entertainment would draw a better audience. When frustrated, Marty sometimes beat up on a punk. It was a perk of the job. Marty said there were punks aplenty to choose from, the whole crowd was undesirable from his point of view. He spoke with authority. The worst specimens hung round him, buying over-priced deals of smack and such that he obtained from his swarthy pal in the dark-blue overcoat.

Al said Marty was too dumb to not be a dope dealer. And he would have been busted years ago except Henri’s Club was a demilitarised zone under unofficial police regulations.

Marty acted like his petty dealing was a big secret, though everyone knew and totally ignored the scam it was so pathetically small-time. He added to his status by tossing his weight around once or twice a night if it pleased him. Mainly he swaggered in the crowd, talking out the side of his mouth or standing by the entrance, acting big-time to amateur addicts who bothered with him. At times Marty would absent-mindedly potter about the backroom singing off-key: Oh Daisy, beautiful Daisy….etc…. etc….

Al laughed about it to Janus, “I can’t wait till Henri catches El Duce singing that stupid song. Man, I reckon sparks will fly.”

“Yeah, whatever….” Janus groaned. “They’re as bad as each other. I can ignore Marty, but Henri really shits me at times. He’s a pain in the ass.”

“I don’t know about that,” Al said. “Old Henri isn’t a bad bloke….”

Janus griped, “If you like a bad bloke!”

“Hey!” Marty yelled from the doorway.

“What’s going on here? Haven’t you got a job to do, Al?”

“Sure, Boss,” Al yelled. “I’m on my way.”

Al waddled off, humming under his breath the tune of Daisy, beautiful Daisy. From his bib-and-brace overalls a thick paperback hung with a rag out the hip pocket.

Marty declared to Janus, “So long as people do their job, I give them no trouble. If they don’t, I’m down on them like a ton of bricks. A fair day’s work for a fair days pay, that’s all I ask….”

When he wasn’t hounding Al or Mandy, or spying on Janus, Marty was friendly to everybody. He was especially friendly to Daisy when Henri was not around. Keeping a close eye on her seemed his favourite job. Accordingly, in view of his suspicions, Marty felt it wise he kept the other eye on Janus at the same time. Janus was weary of it and avoided Marty. All the same, the place was small enough, and Marty sneaky enough to catch Janus unawares. When he did, Marty whispered, “Poor Daisy! I think that bastard Zhiv is putting pressure on her again. We need to keep her away from him. She is always crying and upset, haven't you noticed? ”

The question did not deserve response. Daisy was a high-strung lady, whether high or strung-out she was always crying over something. When she wasn’t crying she was laughing like a freak. Janus shrugged. The man in the blue overcoat seemed to be Marty's pal. Daisy got her drugs from everybody, even Marty when she was desperate. It sounded like rivalry over a lousy drug dealing arrangement. Janus let it slide but Marty kept on about it.

“Maybe I should talk to Henri, but I don't know. Henri might take it out on her. We don't want that.  What would you do?”

Marty was full of shit. As Henri’s self-appointed right-hand man, he felt a heavy responsibility to keep the place running smoothly…. and he had ideas to improve the Club and move the place up-market as well. It bored Janus but one thing pleased him. It pissed Henri off.

Henri always told Marty, “I pay you to do what I tell you to do, not to tell me how to run my business. Just do your job. And stop hassling Al and the girls. They know what they’re doing.”

But Marty complained to almost everyone behind Henri’s back. Without Marty the place would go to ruin; Marty knew this for a fact since Henri ran the nightclub more for a tax dodge and a front for his clandestine operations than a genuine entertainment venue, although diplomatically Marty did not say exactly that to Henri.

The Club was unashamedly an underground haunt for ambiguous, seedy types and their late night purposes. Henri was not oblivious to the mundane environment of minor criminality. He encouraged it. It was camouflage.

To Janus, the sight of Henri prowling the shady crowd seemed not unlike a shark swimming calmly through murky water. The dump attracted the almost-down-and-out drudges from the drugged and drunken night-world, losers of all kinds, a trickle of worn-out ladies looking for pick-ups on their way down, artistic types going nowhere, jaded young punks and faded old piss-heads, and small time pushers passing through on their rounds. They sifted-in with wandering strays from the suburbs, and occasional parties loose on hen’s or bucks nights, lost office workers and other nocturnal refugees drinking desperately to escape their lives. That was the façade.

Among them came Henri’s shifty friends. They slunk in and peered round like owners of the place before joining Henri at his table, barely moving their lips. Henri greeted them like a brother, sprinkling ash on them as he hugged them, and in most cases kissing them on both cheeks with grandiose affection, nearly always with two thugs at his back watching. Henri refused to let his guests pay for their drinks and sometimes he slipped a wad of bucks to Mandy the waitress to shut her up if one of his pals happened to grab her up the skirt. Henri’s pals mostly looked like businessmen or politicians none up to any good, flashing expensive rings and watches, oftentimes with a buxom youngster hooked on one arm.

Janus avoided these evil-eyed men with pasty faces allergic to light of day, so dry and lifeless in a shipwreck they would not drown but merely float away. The Spies, Marty called them; and Daisy sneered, “It takes one to know one.”

Marty took that as a compliment. He often made mention of his part in the war “in the mad country”. He hinted his military career had something to do with intelligence.

Every time the word was mentioned for years Daisy said, “Obviously not his own.”

Marty heavily hinted he had been involved in surveillance, a sort of spy. Henri said he was a liar, no more than a two-stripe cook, if that. But, when Daisy said Marty was a spy she meant he ran with tales to Henri. That's what Janus thought of when Marty cornered him for gossip, whispering out the side of his mouth in the style of a bad man in a movie, much like any of Henri's pals. Marty was always getting round to something.

Janus wondered what it was this time, as Marty whispered in his ear, “This joint is a front. We both know that. You can’t tell me Henri gets his money out of this dodgy set-up. Come on! You know! What’s really going on?”

“Yeah, well, I don’t know about that….”

“It's intelligence-related. That’s obvious to me, with my background.  You only need hear the accents of Henri’s so-called friends. Israelis and South Afrikaans and Saudis and all that shit…. and that big Hungarian yank with a head like The Predator… and that Russian mafia guy…”

Marty dropped his jaw, “Duh? What’s with that guy from the embassy with the scar? Bah, Shalom this, Shalom that! You can't tell me he's no spook. Henri is the link man for them all, don’t you reckon? And you of all people can guess who's pulling the strings, of course. Ha! Don’t make me laugh. The coppers are in on it somehow too…. some of them. Why do you think this place never has trouble with the licensing pigs? That’s not half what I could tell you.

Marty looked round suddenly, as though expecting to be pounced on by assailants.

“Remember that big jackpot Henri talked about before Christmas? I’m telling you that was the pay-off… all that rubbish in the newspaper, remember? I heard Henri talking about it. That was only the tip of the iceberg. You know who cleaned up that shit? That was Henri’s boys. Fair dinkum. The guy is a fucking octopus with tennacles everywhere….”

“Yeah?”

“Of course! This racket is a smokescreen. It’s a laugh. If Henri was fair dinkum about this dump for Christ's sake he’d put on some decent acts. No insult intended. I mean big-time acts to draw a crowd, you know…. like BJ Bukake or Stiffy Wunda…. or who's that other guy with the buck teeth?”

Janus shrugged. He rolled his lip and creased his brow. It was none of his business and he wanted no trouble, especially not with Henri and his seedy pals; those scary big guys with scarred faces, little guys with snaky eyes and overweight guys with no eyes only blank mask-like faces with tiny empty-looking eye slits. On occasion Henri introduced one of his cohorts to Janus. The beast of a man crushed Janus’s fingers in a damp vicious grip.

Janus avoided Henri’s strange friends with their calculated coldness and hooded stares. Marty’s talk was as dangerous, in a less obvious way. Like if Henri overheard it. Marty wouldn't talk like that if Henri was about the place.

Janus had his own problems. He scratched his head and was surprised to feel pain, like the bone of his skull was bruised. He was rotting away at both ends. He scratched his backside. He sometimes thought to sooth the bum-itch and the pulsating pain in his skull at the same time by meditation, using thoughts of something peaceful and pleasant. He pictured Paris, and relived moments alive with her warmth, her smell, the sound of her laughter, her touch….  His occasional visits to her led to a special relationship. She seemed more interested in him than the money. At first he took it as a compliment. It became an expensive friendship rather than a simple business relationship in which only the hateful clock and the little boss-lady tapping on the door intruded.  And then again the voice of Marty invaded Janus’s thoughts.

“It’s no good ignoring it…. we can’t just sit back and do nothing….that’s not on – it’s no good just letting things get out of hand….”  Marty often muttered something like that, before loping on his way.

Janus figured shit happened anyway. He thought about it from time to time over following days. He reflected on it in his show.

“Avoid disappointment – want nothing!” he advised the audience.

He extolled the virtues of disconnection and inaction.

“Just look at the World. Who wants to be a part of that bullshit? Why not sit back and let it all go to Hell - that’s where it all belongs!”

In his private time Janus wondered why his wife had become more demanding sexually, but in an empty way, as though she were compensating for something else. Sure she treated his face like a circus ride and then afterward asked if he liked it. He had no reason to lie, and it pleased her fantastically to hear him say he loved it. After pleasing her, Janus could not get to sleep. Cramps bothered his neck and jaw and shoulder. Only his wife’s sleeping pills took his mind off the pain, then he suddenly fell into sleep like a dead man, waking in the morning with his arm twisted at an angle feeling amputated under his head, while his neck and all attached to it were disabled in agonised stiffness. When he told Blanche Appelby of his sleeping problem Janus made no mention of the itchy anus he suffered that kept him awake endless hours too.

Sleep deprivation led to him losing edge on stage for one thing. And for another, Janus found it impossible to achieve full erection. He pretended, with the encroachment of regular softness and his inability to climax, that the sex was better. He wondered whether his flagging capabilities were a sign of age, exhaustion or an evolution, an elevation perhaps to a superior spiritual plane of intimacy. In a way it was true, for him at least, the sex lasted longer and he became absorbed in the seemingly-perpetual quiver just beyond reach...

“That’s okay,” Paris laughed when Janus was with her and he was embarrassed by his lagging performance.

“Don’t worry. Sex is not important to a woman. You think too much. If you are happy, I’m happy. You want me finish you with hand…. Or just talk…. You want massage….?”

When they talked Paris spoke of a terrible sex shop; where she said they kept young girls in captivity, very young girls for rich men…. very expensive….

“You a good man…. you must never go that place,” Paris said. “Only for bad man – there is evil Chinaman manager and Indian boss make girl like slave. One Singapore girl only twelve year old…. is awful…. just a baby. Sometime I cry…. to think for her situation….”

And with that the woman did cry. Janus held her tenderly in his arms and her wet face rubbed near to his heart. Needless to say the conversation obliterated the sparkle of the moment. Janus and Paris lay naked on the sex-bed in each other’s arms, refugees alike from vastly-different realities with the clock ticking money down the drain. Janus heard the world laughing silently all round him like a giant madhouse.

Paris said the name of the place was Rima’s and the Indian boss was well known because he ran houses interstate too where Asian girls worked and she knew many who worked in them like her were illegals, on false passports or fraudulent study visas, but only Rima’s and two other houses she knew ran the young slaves. They were for select clients willing to pay more for the fresh pleasures. She named the Indian boss, Mr Imran he was sometimes called, or Doctor Sahib, and Janus said, “I’ve heard of a guy by that name, a rich man. Maybe it’s not him.”

Paris didn’t argue. She silently wiped her eyes, smearing mascara, and then blew her nose. She gave Janus a suspicious look.

Janus made some sympathetic comment. At the same time he felt a reluctant titillation that shamed him, wondering should he investigate the matter for himself. He believed Paris. She had no reason to lie, but her word alone was no basis for his vague impulse to be heroic. Yet her sorrow seemed genuine, and he was itching to make a big man of himself in her eyes. He kept telling himself it was not his problem. At the same time he saw the opportunity to impress her. Worry and excitement made his ass itch.

Janus needed to talk to somebody about it. Somebody meant someone sensible, someone he could share the disturbing problem with, and more importantly, who knew to keep their big cakehole shut. That cut out near every candidate. Only two remained in his mind.

It was either Candy or Al.

“Hey, Al,” Janus cornered his caretaker pal outside the backroom of the Club. “Have you heard about that place called Rima’s in the city? A bit up-market for regular guys like you and me, it’s a brothel for big-shots and toffs. I heard…..”

Al said he did not have a clue what Janus was talking about. As Janus explained, Al listened with quickly growing sympathy that soon had him seething.

“Of course I won’t say anything,” Al said. “But fuck them, the paedophile bastards!”

Janus was surprised. Al seemed to take it personal. With narrowed eyes Al’s face took a look of hurt hatred, and he spoke through tight-clenched teeth. Janus had seen Al so angry only once, that was the time Al barged in and separated Marty Martino from kicking a semi-conscious man on the floor of the nightclub.

“If I was you I’d lag the mongrels - anonymously. There are laws against slavery. I would myself. But the coppers won’t listen to some little fat black fellow like me. They’re more likely whack me back in boob for slandering a fine upstanding member of the community.”

Al grumbled, “When it comes to blackness, money is lily white. I can tell you one thing for sure. In the eyes of the law, poor Aboriginal is a lot blacker than rich Indian businessman….”

“Hey, Al,” Marty interrupted the discussion with a yell from the other doorway.

“Are you going to shift those empty kegs from behind the bar or do I need to hire someone who can do a simple job without me getting on their back every five minutes?”

Al gave a helpless shrug, “Sure Boss. I’m onto it.”

“Hey! Janus!” Marty hissed, as Al went out of the way.

Janus had no escape. He was surrounded in a corner of the corridor by backstage clutter. The bulk of Marty closed in with mad eyes.

“We've got to do something. I’m concerned about her mental well-being. You don’t know how fragile she is. She’s a bloody worry. Now with Henri back, I just hope she doesn’t say something stupid to him.”

“M-m-m,” Janus said, looking to go. “That’s always a worry.”

Marty put his hand against the wall, barring the way, “I’m not concerned for myself. I’ve got nothing to worry about. You would vouch for that, I’m sure. I’m only worried for her sake. You know what she’s been up to. I’ve tried my best to keep her out of trouble. You know, driving her home when I could. Not that I can talk to Henri about that, but, you know….”

“No, I don’t know,” grumbled Janus. “I don’t need to know... I don’t want to know... I just do my job and keep my mouth shut.”

He cast a scathing glare at Marty, and shoved Marty’s arm out of the way.

“That’s what I like about you,” said Marty, sliding his arm back to where it was. “But you must have noticed what she’s been up to. You know, she’s no angel….”

“You don’t say,” said Janus, half his mind elsewhere and the other half nowhere.

He grimaced as tightness in his shoulder hurt, when he reached behind to scratch.

“It's this bastard Doctor Z; he's the problem,” Marty moaned, moving his hand to more firmly bar Janus’s way. “He needs to be well and truly dealt with…. And…”

Janus backed hard against the wall with Marty moving closer, breathing heavily he smelled like he needed to see a dentist, as he said, “It’s up to us. Something needs doing. And doing quick…”

Marty’s tongue searched his mouth for words before saying, “He won’t be missed.”

Then Marty might have said, “Don’t you think?” Or he could have said, “Are you in on it?”

Maybe he said something else which sounds like that. Marty stared at Janus for a reaction, switching his glare from one eye to the other. Janus blinked and refused to speak. He stared back, more concerned with his other problem. Al was right.

Marty swallowed and shook his head, “I hate saying this, but she’s been really stupid, you know. Henri would kill her I reckon if I told him all I know.”

Marty narrowed his eyes accusingly. “Henri asked me to watch her, you know. But what can I say? She's too nice to say no. I want to help her but I can’t do it on my own….”

“Hm-m-m-m….”

“Look. To be honest, I know Zhiv has something over her. What if he says anything to Henri? You don’t know what the bastard is like. I do!”

Janus snapped out of thinking how to get something done about Rima’s.

“What who is like?”

“This Zhiv…. he’s not just a bloody drug dealer. That's the unfortunate thing. He’s an undercover cop of some sort.”

Janus shoved Marty’s arm away from him, harder this time. Marty stood back. He glanced to the left and the right saying, “Is that news to you? He’s connected to the Hungarian too, though I’m not sure he is a Hungarian at all. I think the Hungarian is working for the long-haired Russian. He’s a very dangerous individual. I’m not sure who he represents. I think he’s a Fed. But I could be wrong. The local cops think he’s investigating them. They’re shit scared. But he could just be a narc. Or maybe he’s a spook.”

It was all gobbledygook, and Janus said nothing. He felt only a slight ache in his head and shoulder, and the itch he scratched, and he wished Al had taken the problem into his own hands, and not left everything up to Janus.

“Of course,” Marty said bitterly. “You are so innocent. You freak me out sometimes. Just think about what I said.”

Meanwhile, Janus was thinking something had to be done about the problem. For all he knew the poor twelve year-old kid was going through Hell at that very moment. Maybe he should follow Al’s advice and make a simple anonymous phone call. Then with a cold shudder he thought better of it. But he also imagined the look of gratitude on Paris’s little face, if he did, and when he told her what he’d done. And still Marty wouldn’t shut up.

 “Surely you can see why I’m so worried about Daisy. None of them gives a fuck if she gets hurt. Not even Henri, not Zhiv, none of them really cares about her. She’s expendable! So, what do you think if….”

“Marty! Where the fuck are you,” Henri shouted from somewhere out in the Club. “What is this, letting bar stock run so low?”

Marty shuddered. He shook his head. The mad look suddenly drained from his eyes.

“Marty, you idiot, where are you, you....”

 “Coming, Boss!” Marty yelled.

He licked his lips and touched them with a pointed finger in a shushing gesture. Then he scurried away, shaking his head and muttering, “This is heavy shit, man. I never know what she'll ask me to do next….”

Janus remained where Marty left him, with his back to the wall…. the ache in his shoulder going down his arm….. He was bored with pain and discomfort…. a thousand thoughts gathered in turmoil…. he was trapped in a clock….. Janus imagined haunted blank faces laughing in the darkness… all around him they whirled…. some sad-eyed Asian child’s face he’d never seen before weeping under a faceless businessman…. he could not just sit back and let it happen, but he could see no alternative, as with glazed vision he cowered before the most haunted face of them all, stranded in the wall-mirror across the walkway, staring with eyes of helpless panic. A solitary thought dominated his witless confusion. Shit happens, whatever you do or don’t do, so what’s the difference?



Chapter 9


“Experience is important, but it’s not everything! Just because you have been hit by a car doesn’t mean you know how to drive the damn thing. Let’s face it. You don’t need brains to get an idea.” - Hugh Janus.


Janus went crazy with worry. When he got the chance he confided in Blanche Appelby without mentioning Paris. He said some guy told him about some kid held in captivity in a brothel and rented her as a sex slave. Blanche eyed him with one eyebrow raised.

She said, “So you’ve been to Rima’s and fucked some kid and now you feel guilty about it. So you should!”

Janus ignored it. He said maybe he should do something about it, like maybe ring the Feds. He meant it as a question. Blanche simply looked at him, which did not help. 

His head twinged when she asked, “Why would you do that?”

“Well… somebody needs to do something…”

“Did the girl ask you to do something?”

“I haven’t spoken to her. I told you I’ve never been there. I haven’t even seen her. For all I know she might not exist. I told you someone told me about it. Don’t you believe me?”

“Sure I believe you,” Blanche half-laughed. “But if you think about it straight, you will keep your nose out of other people’s business. On the other hand if you are looking for trouble, sure go running to the cops. Blow the whistle on them all. Make a big hero and a nuisance of yourself. Do you think the cops really don’t know these things already, for fuck sake! I know the business. They’re in on it. Come on-n-n-n. Don’t be so naïve.”

She shook her head gravely, “They’ll thank you. You know…. people really show their appreciation when you give them grief…. especially criminals like you’re talking about….”

The trouble with Janus was he couldn’t think straight because of the headaches. They came with the chronic ringing in his ears he had gotten so accustomed to, he almost no longer noticed it. The headaches on the other hand came in nervous fits that made his body tingle and his hands shake as though from cold. He suffered flushes of fever. His nose dripped and his throat ached. He only felt normal when he was on stage or having sex, or drugged senseless.

Thankfully, moments of relief came frequently. Yet they were never enough for his liking. The rest of the time he spent in physical and mental turmoil. He thought he had the ‘flu and accordingly overdosed on junk medicines. He itched at night so in his sleep without knowing he hacked at it with fingernails. Itches and pain woke him repeatedly. In the end he did not know when he was sleeping, awake or dreaming. During the day his abrasions inflamed so sorely he dare not wipe after having a shit. He could only wash, and the water stung like acid. Drying with a towel excruciated. He concluded he was dying of bowel cancer. And if not bowel cancer, something else, sooner or later… that was the cruel and simple truth… it poisoned living.

The truth is hard enough to see at the best of times. It is even harder to face up to. And to do something about it, that is the hardest thing of all. And if his life was to end, Janus decided he would do at least one good thing for somebody while he still could. That was his thinking. It seemed a natural progression, almost inevitable when he rang the Federal cops. He borrowed Deanna’s car since she was at home, not using it. Obviously he could not ring the cops while she might overhear. She had an appointment but would take a cab, or she might cancel.

“Sure,” said Janus, not hearing a word as he left.

After a few whiskeys and several coffees at different cafes to gather courage, he toured the outskirts of the city aimlessly. He found himself lost on a ring-road circling the parklands, far away from his wife’s prying ears. She would not approve, and she would not be easily fooled with his lies. He parked and fished out a few uppers from the glove compartment and swallowed them and he made the call.

At first he got a wrong number. Second try, he spoke with a recorded voice, when a man interrupted. Janus started over again. The idiot kept asking questions after Janus finished reporting all he had to say. Studiously Janus avoided mentioning Paris or her involvement. The guy over the phone treated Janus like a crank-caller. It was almost as bad as being harangued by Deanna… Janus was exasperated by the series of dumb questions put to him.

So you haven’t seen the girl yourself? You sure you haven’t spoken to her? Do you believe everything anybody tells you… with absolutely no evidence? Who told you? How do you expect me to take this seriously if you give me nothing to go on? Have you spoken to the local police about this?

On and on the guy went like he was stalling…. Janus gave him a load of cheek and then heard a dull voice in the background.

“Got him!”

Janus went cold at the sound of the second voice and he cut the line. It was all too much to handle. He felt too weak to give a damn anymore. Floating above things is hard work. Getting involved is worse. Something was wrong now, that was for sure. He should have listened to Blanche. Maybe he was paranoid. Maybe it meant nothing…. Got him?

What was that about?

Bullshit takes its toll on a man in secret, like a cancer rotting away the lungs of a healthy man as he goes on gaily sucking on a cigarette. Janus felt the evils of the World had invaded him.

He stared at the cell-phone in his trembling hand. He was too weak to think. As dusk loomed Janus stumbled decrepitly from the car, and gazed in all directions, across the golf-course, through the trees where a man might easily hang himself and not be discovered for days. The car door slammed behind him like the chop of an axe. He staggered over rough ground among trees…. like a homeless drifter. A magpie swooped from the skies, clacking its beak at his ear loud as a gunshot. Barking dogs in the distance reminded him of bloodhounds. The snap of a stick beneath his foot startled him as he fled. When he heard no more dogs he felt no safer. The ground flattened and trees were gone, as though they had been sucked up from the earth and devoured by buildings that now surrounded him.

Janus wandered backstreets, avoiding all signs of life and sat at a deserted bus stop. He formed a dejected figure. His eyes wet, his mouth dry, thoughts banged at the doors of his mind, but none entered, lightning flashed in his eyes and gloom thundered. The thunder became real when a transit bus with headlights glared suddenly and loudly drew to a halt alongside him and the pneumatic door slapped open as the motor growled …. Janus snapped out of his daze, and jumped up and quickly rushed away….

Deanna would have gone crazy at Janus, if she knew where he was and what he was up to. If she discovered where he had gone with her car and what he had done. She had meanwhile, enjoyed his absence, devoted her day off work to her sorrows. She dropped a sedative and kicked her briefcase under the bed and poured a fancy drink. She rang Dr Sylvester Malone and he sent a car to pick her up.

She took the bottle with her but, instead of her miseries being washed away in the drink, her miseries swam in the alcohol, and so many of her miseries wore the face of her Uncle Henri. An even greater number wore the face of her husband Hugh. She was tired of pretending to make love to him while she let him fuck her. Life was a farce. 

Dr Malone said he knew how she felt, when she fell into his arms. He brushed her aside and slid across the room in a silky motion and snapped the door-lock and he prepared a shot. She shuddered and released her grip on his arm. She opened to him, and opened herself to him again.

Deanna said she remembered herself as a sick child, when she almost died, but instead of dying she got well, and her father died instead of her, and Uncle Henri took her, and she never stopped blaming herself for her father’s death. She felt in some stupid way partly responsible for everything.

Now in addition, she faced the living death of a woman unable to bear a child. Instead, she found herself married to one!

Janus was a joker. Their marriage was the joke. Janus was her parasitic mistletoe. He did nothing but spend her hard-won money wasting it on a stream of throw-away bimbos, and gawking hypnotically at TV when he wasn’t making a public ridicule of himself. Even his own family wanted nothing to do with him. His father a prominent judge once spoke to her at a law conference and suggested he could arrange for her a teaching post in the States so long as she took his embarrassing son with her. It was tempting but Deanna could not say there was a very good reason she stay out of the USA, on account of something years ago she had done there for Uncle Henri, stupidly leaving traces where they should not be, a slight case of unmentionable delicacy years before she became involved in the big picture stuff, and long before she fell into her marital quagmire.

When as a younger woman she first knew Janus she thought his rejection of his family a sign of independence. The way he turned his back on all he had. What she once mistook for aloofness she now knew to be mere apathy. If she had known what he was really like she would have never married him. The wild, edgy sex, his romantic eccentricities and the novelty of his quirky outlook was worthy of a short-term romance at most.

She could have instead married a nice malleable Jewish boy from a good family, like a sensible woman, like everyone encouraged her to. That was the problem. Her wilful unco-operative temperament let her down. Uncle Henri was right then, she was stupid. As a confident young lawyer, she once believed in rubbish like love, justice, success and independence. Now she realised the idiocy of believing in anything.  Despite the many times Uncle Henri made a misery of her life, he failed to interfere the one time she needed him to save her. He could have saved her from Janus. How different her life would have been free of Janus. Alas, Uncle Henri had other things on his mind at the time. Had he grown bored with bullying her, or had his cruelty become perfect?

“You’re barren,” Henri said. “It doesn’t matter who or what you do. Go be a lesbian for all I care, or marry your sloppy gentile turd, it’s all the same to me. Go on… you’ll be sorry. I wash my hands of it…”

Henri made a great show of miming the act of washing his hands.

“So you would disown me, just like that?” she cried, hiding her face, watching between her fingers coldly with one eye.

“I would not give you the satisfaction,” Henri sneered, “You’ll be sorry, even without my help.”

In those days Uncle Henri was always right. Pity whoever got in his way. He simply loved to win, no matter how minor the gain, no matter how trivial the game, or the depth of the sin. That made finally turning the tables on the old man so satisfying when her chance came. He grew bored with bullying her and he turned his back on her.

Talking rapidly, she said all this, but large in her mind at the same time what she did not say to Dr Malone is it never failed to bring a smile to Deanna’s lips, even after years had passed, recalling that in fact Henri turned the tables on himself. He never saw it coming. He was mixed-up in a deal out of his league, tagging along behind the big boys, feeding on crumbs from their table. He was peripherally involved in a scam to have a civilian airliner go off course over North Korean airspace. It was a risk, but one that promised certain benefits to certain parties. Henri was concerned only with the benefits, ignoring the rest. It made him bold. Those North Koreans don’t fuck around. To the public it seemed a simple navigational error. Big mistake all round. In the end there was more going down than a planeload of passengers and crew! Henri was in a jam. Heavy interests became aware of Henri’s involvement and they were unhappy. Henri was desperate. How Deanna loved the moment he ran crying to her he had been “set-up”. Only her contacts saved him; she made the phone calls and stitched together the fix. She got him out of his mess, but there were strings attached, like everything. She dealt with that. Big favours were bartered.

At that stage of her life she had established herself as a top-line “fixer”. Her personal life was a mess, but her work went well. Obscurity was her secret weapon. She dealt in favours. She pulled invisible strings, a trader in concealment and a broker of evil, a lubricant of larger forces, she knew people who got things done, and she knew how to get them to do it. Henri was impressed. He was grateful. He was not only impressed that Deanna was able to do what had to be done. But more… she had the guts and balls to do it. She saved his skin. She was ruthless, and he liked that.

Henri later confessed to Deanna, “If I was you, I would have let them kill me.”

What he saw on her face he never wanted to see again, a brief stab of icy, sadistic smile.

And she laughed, “If I was you, they would have no reason to kill you. Why should I let them kill you anyway? I’m not that weak.”

Henri was awed by his niece at that moment, resentfully indebted and powerless to resist. She pretended to not relish her victory. Even that she denied him. She was an ambitious, bitter woman. She dwelled on disgruntlements that belonged in the past. When she turned the tables she was vengeful. She treated him like a geriatric delinquent thereafter, tolerated but not fully trusted, for his own good. He suddenly realised she already knew more about his affairs than he did, and she used the knowledge to undermine him. His closest cronies proved to be subservient to her influence for years already, and he had never seen the slightest sign. That’s how good she was - she had style, invisible as cancer and twice as deadly. Henri submitted to being watched over by Deanna’s goons, his activities curtailed and his sway shrunk to nothing. Anything he had that amounted to anything she simply took over - contacts, connections, links and dealings. What she did not want, she scuttled. And she cut him out of his own loop.

Worst of all Henri hated Deanna’s secrecy, never knowing what she was up to. She kept secrets too well. She called him a danger to himself, past his prime and left behind by the times. It hurt his feelings - but he denied her the satisfaction of admitting how much he hated it, and her. She gave him orders over the telephone in short fashion, rather than talking to him, which suited him, to at least avoid the face-to-face denigration. When he had the chance, he gave her what shit he could. In the meantime he had no choice but to do things her way. The muscle she flexed he knew was greater than his, while she had the upper-hand. That could change.

Henri figured it not easy for her to stay a step ahead of him, a crafty old schemer. Some day when his chance arrived things would be very different. Meantime she kept him almost behaving himself. He dared not initiate an enterprise without her approval. She had close eyes on him, to ensure the old fool confined himself to small dealings, for instance his little passport business and the nightclub. Deanna could not afford his out-dated bravado to compromise all she had at stake.

*

After a session with Dr Sylvester Malone and her favourite injection, Deanna drove home sedately. There she lay in bed, sucking one by one a small box of hand-made chocolates and drinking a liqueur. She smiled with reminders of Sylvester’s simplistic sophistication. Her fingers curled to re-feel the puncture of her flesh.

Reliving the sweet moment she had with Dr Malone, she reminded herself of their first surprise understanding…. the first long-ago kiss and the following fusion….. Ah, her first surrender in a swirl of amazement…. So many random delights came to mind…. Memories melted the hardness from her face as she relived recent dizzying heights of need….

The first time Sylvester made her angry she had threatened to kill herself, but of course she did not mean it at all.

“Don’t talk such rubbish!” he laughed.

Of course, it was rubbish, but when he laughed she screamed she should kill him instead.

Like a mischievous brat Sylvester chuckled, “Now you’re talking sense!”

He was such a big sweet boy. And he smelled so nice. How could she not love the time she spent with him, the tender, selfish, honest bastard, the way he knew how to make a woman feel. So what, if he was a sluttish bastard, he was not dishonest about it. That's what made him so irresistibly real. And he talked about everything! He made it seem so simple and obvious, so ordinary…. and with him the ordinary soared!

Her thoughts of Sylvester Malone made her cheerful. But he was not there with her now. That made her sad. At least being alone, she was free to daydream. She sighed…

“Oh Darling, my little Darling,” she was thinking of Sylvester, with a glass of wine in her hand.

Good as gold in a creamy silk top, she felt so fine she decided she would ring Uncle Henri about Daisy immediately. She sang a few lines, as she danced through the living room, silken softness caressing her breasts, and she hummed the rest of the tune, twirling to look for the phone, and spilling blood-like speckles of wine on the carpet, without her pants on, feeling raunchy and free, the way she imagined Daisy did dancing on stage. Then fumbling with her composure and taking a couple of diazepam and something else to soothe her nerves with a cigarette and a swig or two from a tumbler of tonic-flavoured gin, before making the call, she had an unpleasant realisation.

She was too drunk, and she was spinning out on Sylvester’s stuff, but she put the thought out of her mind, considering Daisy's problem, and how Uncle Henri might help… if he felt like it.

What a pleasure it was to be free for a few moments, free from the need to be wise and free of the necessity to be at the top of her game every living moment. She laughed and sang more and danced, and she loved it. She did a big loud fart. She was disappointed when it ended. And if Uncle Henri was not careful she would read him the riot act. Drunk or not she knew how to make him squirm. Deanna centred her thoughts, and resolved to approach the matter sensibly. It was only a game. As hard as Henri played it, she would play tougher. First of all, she would appeal to his common sense. The very idea made her laugh. She warmed to the challenge, feeling a little sleepy. For her, confrontation was child’s play. She could do it in her sleep. If only she could bring Henri to see the benefit of being human for once… pffff…. anything was possible.

She lit a cigarette and was surprised to find it was a joint, until she remembered rolling the damn thing. She set aside the empty tumbler and refilled her wine glass from a nearby open bottle, ignoring a spill of wine on the cloth as she rearranged stuff on the table. She felt wonderfully clumsy. It was a nice easy way to begin the day. No problems, no calls to make, no mad husband to listen to trying out his banal joke routines, nothing at all to concern her. She felt fantastic to have a time free of everything, and everyone. It made her strong, carefree and single-minded, not a state of mind for the slightest serious business, she knew. For that reason she hesitated to make the call. Talking to Henri on a personal level was not something Deanna enjoyed, not at all like telling him how to run his business. She poured herself a massive soda and vodka.

Henri was the last of her family. She was the end of his bloodline, and he was all that truly belonged to her. Because he had survived through Hell she forgave his many faults. In some ways he was not so bad, now that she had outgrown his clutches, and he was forced to listen to her. In business she called the shots, and he bowed to it. But in personal life she must rely on reason and goodwill. For that reason, she had to be careful what to say. He used any excuse to take things the wrong way, but she felt she must try. She was worried. Daisy was teetering again, fragile and needing support. If Henri was the problem he should go easy on her. If that creepy guy in the big overcoat was a problem for Daisy, Henri could fix that in his spare time. Deanna grew drunker, and with it more strongly grew the motherly urge to interfere.

She could not sit back without trying to help. If it was a business call she would have done it when her mind was straight, but her private life was different. She rang the Club. Marty answered the phone. He put the call through to Henri but he did not hang up. Instead Marty listened-in and heard Henri laugh when Deanna said she was worried Daisy might need help.

“Lets you and I not waste our time interfering in each other’s lives. Don’t waste your time worrying about Daisy,” Henri growled with an unlit cigar between his teeth.

“Anyway, I have idiot Marty watching her. Not that I can trust the crawling bastard as far as I can throw him. I’ve seen the way he mooches around after her. Bloody wanker! I’ll have his balls if he touches her. You just mind your own business and keep your nose out of it.”

“I’m her friend,” Deanna said with a hiccup, feeling strangely girlish. “I’ve tried to talk to her, but I’m worried she might do something stupid to herself like….”

“So what’s new? She’s always doing something stupid. She’s a stupid bitch, that’s why! And she’s got you worried? I thought you were smart.”

“Call it women’s intuition, if you like, but….”

“Intuition, my ass…. If the bitch has been running round with tales behind my back again I’ll fucking talk to her - don’t you worry about that.”

“Don’t be silly, she hasn’t mentioned anything, except to say she missed you while you were away…. God almighty! Can I talk to you as a human being? You know she is fragile…. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt for you to go easy on her, now you’re back, that’s all. Keep an eye on her, but be nice. I’m just concerned. I don’t want to see her harm herself again.”

Henri laughed, and then he went silent when Deanna said, “I’ve been wondering about this so-called Doctor Zhiv guy too.”

“What’s he to you?”

“Don’t be stupid. She mentioned him a few times, but never said anything. It’s the look on her face says something’s up. Has he got anything on her? Do you know anything about him? Is it just money we can fix, or…”

At first Henri said nothing. While his eyes narrowed he plucked the cigar from his mouth. Outside in the nightclub proper, Marty ceased chewing gum behind the bar, his jaw dropped open as he eavesdropped intently. In his office out the back Henri spoke slowly.

“I’ve heard of the punk. He’s a nothing and a nobody, he don’t have shit on a stick. Why do you ask?”

“I don’t know… but if he’s got anything to do with Daisy you should at least check him out for her sake.”

Marty heard Henri mutter coldly, “Well, maybe I will, maybe I won’t. Not that it’s anybody’s business. I’m busy…. must go!”

The line went dead. Marty replaced the receiver. His face was pale.

“Shit!” Deanna hissed.

She regretted mentioning anything about Daisy and Zhiv. But she hoped there was no harm in it – damn! It was easier to do business with Uncle Henri than waste her time on a personal level. If he took things out on Daisy, Deanna would need to teach the nasty fool a lesson. Men were hopeless. She spilled wine from the bottle over the edge of her glass and lit a cigarette while another burned in the ashtray. Bloody men… All she wanted to do was to look after her dear friend Daisy. Halfway through her second or third bottle Deanna realised how deeply lonely she was in all her lives.

And she cried, “Won’t somebody look after me…”

*

It was dark when Janus found the car where he’d dumped it in the parklands and he returned home to his wife but she was not there - so he thought. He noticed only the stink of stale cigarette smoke in the place. His mind swirled with guilt and confusion. He called out and heard no answer. He flicked on the bedroom TV and flopped on the bed to watch a series of simulated killings in close-up forensic slow motion. Blood and guts were interrupted by hi-fi-advertising screamers.

Before his eyes, time whirled. Moments grew into wars, hurling years upon the World in an endless plague of evil, wreaking famine in which children died of a disease injected by news-bites. Everywhere wealth was a curse, while the lawful pimps of commerce did their worst. And with these thoughts Janus unexpectedly felt himself return to normal.

On his trek to the living room to fetch a glass of good wine, Janus saw the dull glow of wonderful femininity sprawled near naked on the lounge in the dark. He touched her cold foot, and when she did not stir, he raised Deanna’s dangling arm. It was cold too. Her arm fell lifelessly. He gasped. He thought she was dead until she groaned.

He tried to lift her. Maybe he was getting old. It was easier to surrender to gravity and leave her there. He wandered toward the bedroom for a rug to cover her where she lay, when she groaned again.

“Come here Baby...” she moaned, and slurred something else….

Janus was unable to understand her. He pressed close and sat with her, sliding his arm round under her naked waist. The silk of her skin slid beneath silken cloth under his touch. He slid closer in the dark, as she snuggled, and she sighed half in her sleep, something that sounded like, “....my dear… darling-g-g-g, sweet silver… star-r-r-r....”

Janus with ears attuned to his own hungry groan of desire, fumbled much, he caressed her smooth-shaved firmness and his touch sank within warm soft lips, and among familiar murmurs of darkness soon they were as one. She whispered Sylvester's name once more and then gasped….

“What are you doing???” she screamed and going rigid, she pushed Janus away from her. “You filthy animal…. You filthy, despicable….”

And then she threw up.

Janus tried to explain.

It was a waste of effort.

She fought against him, as he helped her to bed. Fouled silk clung to her, awry like bad wrapping. Leaving a plastic bucket beside her, he went to clean the mess in the living room. He held his breath and scooped up blood-coloured muck with his bare hand. As he did he winced repeatedly to the sour smell of second-hand booze before him, and to the sound of her being sick in the other room. When he returned to the bedroom he saw she narrowly missed the bucket he left there, and another time she did not make it that close. He cleaned up mess from the floor and on the bed. After washing his hands in the en-suite he lay straight with hands on his chest alongside her and fell asleep.

In the morning he woke and faced her accusations. He said it was a misunderstanding, and at worst, an innocent mistake.

She said with cold vehemence, “The legal term for it is Rape!”

“You asked me to,” he protested, feeling the slight exaggeration inconsequential. “You were into it…. for a while…. otherwise how could I?”

“You're a monster, that's how! A rapist in the night, that’s all you are - the Midnight Rapist!”

She glared with ferocity that forced Janus into sheepish silence, though he knew well the incident occurred many hours after midnight by the time he cleaned up her spew. He simply raised his hands helplessly.

“For God's sake, how on earth could I be into it?” Deanna howled. “I was asleep!”

Again she glared, defying him to offer any defence. Had he any defence, the only purpose of it would be for her to flay it to shreds. But he had none. There was none. Rape is rape and Deanna was unforgiving. Every chance thereafter she called him the Midnight Rapist.

Janus escaped to the Club early to get away from her. He killed time at the bar chatting with Candy. He felt better. He was entranced by the barmaid’s sombrely-highlighted eyes and the hint of suffering intelligence they betrayed, but what most attracted his attention was the interest she paid to what he was saying about the big changes he planned to try with his act that night. He planned to slow his delivery, to project himself in a different way, in a more measured and relaxed manner. Candy approved of the idea. She said sometimes even she could not follow the drift of his routines, and she’d heard many of them many times.

“It’s probably my fault…” she admitted.

“No. I think you’re right,” said Janus, both to set Candy at ease and to reward her genuine interest in his act.

Candy seemed impressed with Janus’s brainwave. He saw no need to confess the concept of his new style he stole from a religious guru on a late night TV show. Instead he said he also had some new material in his head, a carefully-honed script departing from his usual ad lib material, he wanted to come across more light-hearted. Admiring her breasts, he ignored the tattoos in favour of the pleasant paleness, the roundness and the firmness, and the delicate, perky peaks of nipple. Comedy was the same, he said, and in trying to explain what he meant, he described the way he saw the World. It was like looking at her breasts and perhaps not even noticing the tattoos, he said. He felt grateful when she laughed. Her laughter rippled with simplicity, as sharp and shallow as the glint of light skating across the surface of the whisky in his glass. Together, the girl’s laughter and tight bulbous posterior as she bent behind the bar, and her skinny, shapely legs in fine-net black stockings, and the whisky… eased his dismal mood.

With a girlish chuckle Candy gave subtle, magnetic glances, the kind of eyes that do things to a man if he lets them, and Janus did. He reluctantly wandered away with his drink, and killed time in the backroom, sipping whiskey and smoking, thinking of Candy and watching Daisy as she laboriously fiddled with gunk in front of the mirror and plastered on the foundations of her face for the show. A weak joint smouldered in a nearby ashtray like incense. Once upon a time Daisy must have been young and fresh like Candy. Maybe in those days she had real eyebrows.

When Daisy laughed now it came from deep inside her, and it gathered the flavour of other emotions to itself on the way. It depended on her temper. Janus sighed. Life was the same. Even the simplest moment was flavoured with complications, pressures and competing demands. It wearied one. Being on stage freed him from all that. He wondered if his new material and delivery would work, as Daisy reached for the remains of the joint and she swelled her chest full of smoke, arching her back, squaring her fine shoulders, her breasts stretching her simple dress, her nape and her head quite clearly shaped to be held by a man’s hand in the act of love. It was only natural a man should admire her, even with passing disinterest….

“You seemed a trifle flat when I first saw you tonight, Hugh,” Daisy said, regarding him in the mirror.

“Oh well. You know how it is.”

“Yeah, I do….” Daisy pouted briefly.

Then she turned on Janus a scrutinising stare, the kind he was more familiar to receiving at home.

“But I notice you seem a lot better now. It appears you are getting on very well with your little girlfriend behind the bar. What’s her name?”

Janus sneered and said nothing. His interest in Candy was nothing, just friendliness, and if it was anything else, it was nobody’s business.

Daisy smiled like she knew better, thinking aloud to herself in the mirror, “She’s a nice girl. I’m sure she’d be great in bed, a real moaner. I can tell that sort of thing. Do you think she would be interested in having a threesome? Why don’t you suss her out?”

Janus found himself grinning. Indeed, worse luck could befall a man….

“I suppose you’d enjoy that, wouldn’t you?” Janus said to Daisy, with a devilish grin.

Daisy without missing a beat said soberly, “I didn’t mean me.”

She gave him the same scrutiny as before, and said, “I meant with you and your wife!”

Janus was momentarily unable to conceal his deflation. And not enjoying the discomfort of Daisy gloating at his expense, retreated in the direction of the dingy toilets out back. He wet his hands and roughly styled his hair to make it look unkempt but not scruffy. On the way back he overheard Henri in the walkway near the rat-hole office.

“Don't worry about the coppers. I’ll have a chat to my friend. I'll see that other little shit gets fixed though. I don’t know what he thinks he has on me….”

Henri chewed the wet end of a cigar as he growled to one of his regular mystery pals. Janus recognised the pal at a glance, a seedy individual in an immaculate, smooth-fitting business suit, with the prominent scar on his cheek. Maybe the scar came from a bullet graze Janus wondered.

When Henri saw Janus, the tone of Henri’s voice calmed.

“This is my niece's husband Hugh. You've seen him before. He thinks he's a comedian.” 

Henri introduced the fancy-dressed, scar-faced pal without saying his name. Janus surrendered to the man's iron-like grip. His fingers ached later in the backroom. Janus figured men wore suits and doused themselves in cologne to disguise their true nature. His own appearance as he recalled, reflected his own true nature - unassuming, humble and honest. Maybe that’s why people liked him. Janus did not warm at all to Henri’s pal. Back in the backroom with Daisy, Janus overlooked for a moment her previous smart-assed jibe. He asked Daisy did she know the guy with the scar.

“Stay away from him and keep your mouth shut when he’s around,” she said nervously, “He's Henri's, you know…. bad news!”

She looked like she had her mind on something else. Then she slipped out of sight still dressed in street clothes, probably sneaked off to slyly hit up, Janus thought. When it was time for the show to begin soon he could not find her in her usual hiding places, not in the loo or anywhere. Before he went onstage he checked again. Her bag was there. But she was not, nor was her coat. He decided to simply not introduce her, until she turned up from wherever she was.

He looked round the edge of the wings to check the crowd before bursting through the curtain, and he noticed through the crowd and darkness, Marty arguing with a man in a long blue coat, though Janus did not see his face. It was the only overcoat Janus had seen like that in real life. And Marty ushered the guy out of the Club in nervous haste.

When Janus did his stint on stage, barking at the audience, Marty was nowhere to be seen. Janus thought he would be wise to go easy on any hecklers, in case Marty was not there for a lifeguard. Patrons wandered smoothly in and out at will, an obvious measure of the value of Marty's job. Henri sat at his table with his scar-faced crony whose fancy clothes were out of place in the joint. Partway through the show the pal disappeared, then Henri wandered over to the bar, talking to someone with his back turned to the stage. Watching from the stage, Janus thought only of his new happy-marriage routine. But first he warmed the audience with light banter….

“Not all thin women are really as thin as they look. Many have simply lost a lot of weight. You’ve seen them, running round…. or starving themselves…. or in the torture chamber down the local gym!

“Of course, there’s nothing wrong with that! But for my money - and I mean that literally - a rack of bones don’t feel as good as a smooth curve of warm, firm meat! I knew a woman once who went so weight-loss-crazy she wasted away like a bank deposit, Man, her vagina shrunk tight as a nostril…. You couldn’t even fit your finger in!

And hey…. You’d never credit it. She was a marriage counsellor….? What is it with these marriage counsellors? They go to college… they study for years… they read thousands of books… then all they do is sit in an office and dish out advice, like a dog in a car in the street barking at people passing by. Any fool will do that if you let them!”

Janus was trying for a proper professional performance feeling the urge to prove something. He began strangely nervous with a dry mouth, with the premonition his life was at a crossroads and his act was developing in an unknown direction. Concentration gave him a dull headache. The audience seemed far away and his own mind outside him.

 “Don't laugh,” Janus said and the audience obeyed.

Janus followed his carefully thought-out script as well as he could remember. It was written down only in his mind.

“I'm speaking with 200 years of experience. I haven't been married quite that long, but believe me, sometimes it feels like it. So, I speak with authority – don't bother taking notes ladies and gentlemen. The secret I tell you is contained in no more than four words – in four words, the secret of a successful marriage is simply this - A Man Must Listen!”

Janus raised his hand in a magnanimous gesture, as though to quieten applause, though there were no more than a couple of esoteric chuckles, and he spoke slowly, in the manner of the tubby guru in a suit and tie he enjoyed watching on TV late at night into the early hours of morning. Janus thought the little guru preacher had perfect comedy pacing, though the material was paltry and repetitious, Janus was captivated by the nauseous emphatic pausing... between…. words…. and phrases that…. that seemed to entrance… and hold… and bind tight….. the attention of a huge audience….. ever keeping the listener…… spellbound…. notwithstanding…. the banal….. even trite… and… the usually, rather obvious rhetoric…. of… the happy, little guru guy….

And it seemed to be work for Janus. Laughter filled his drawn-out gaps.

“The ultimate marital aid is in fact a man's ears! Some of you ladies may think I am referring to your habit of using your husband's ears as a pair of convenient handles. However, we may leave that important subject for another time. Like, when you get home maybe….”

He gave a wicked grin he copied from black funny-man Stiffy Wunda on TV, and the audience greeted Janus’s unexpected facial contortion with perfunctory laughter.

“The fact is - a man will never make his wife happy unless he listens to her. Fact number two - to listen successfully, a man must do more than simply hear the words and obey. Those are important functions. But it is also essential that he follow two compulsory rules. Firstly, he must be Thick-skinned, and secondly, and most importantly…. he must Keep…. His… Mouth…. SHUT!

As Janus said the word shut a loud BANG came from somewhere, like a gunshot, so unexpectedly it was impossible to tell from which direction it came. Janus froze. He wondered what it was, and so did others looking round. Janus put his lips to the microphone.

He croaked ominously, “You missed me-e-e!”

And the place cracked up!

Amidst relieved laughter Janus resumed his routine, “You know I get hours and hours of fun, listening to my wife complain about me every day. But I have learned to keep my mouth shut. This allows her to go on endlessly, about all my deficiencies without unnecessary interruption, and I love it…. And deep down I think she appreciates me for that. She has a multitude of information and data that she needs to impart…. important life-and-death information about how I don’t do this or that – or how I do something else wrong… And what a fool she was, to think I would ever change.

“I love marriage! It’s so cool! But be careful what you say…. If, like me, you’re stupid enough to even open your mouth…. which of course is where I go wrong every time. And yeah, as usual, I put my big foot in it the other day. So now she is rea-ea-eally mad with me.  True story…. she said I’m an asshole…. hard as it may be to believe a woman would say such a thing about her beloved….”

Someone in the crowd yelled out and Janus ignored them as he continued, “Such an ar-ar-ar-ars-s-s-s-hole!!! That’s what she called me. That's when I broke the first golden rule…. I was too thin-skinned and I let it upset me. Then I broke the second rule…. I didn't keep my mouth shut. I said to her, I said, “Well, if you fuck me and I’m an ass-hole…. That makes you A Bit of a Prick, doesn’t it?”

Someone laughed at full volume. It spoiled the flow of the piece. A smaller number of smaller laughs would have been more satisfying, more real.  At the bar Henri turned his head and looked round the Club, amazed by the size of the laughs. Angrily Janus tried to flush away the joke quickly.

“Well, saying anything was my big mistake! I should have kept my mouth shut. That stupid thing I said made her think for a moment. You know what that means, when a woman starts thinking? So I guess…. that’s the end of my sex life, for the next week or two.

“Actually, it’s not really a guess…. she’s been Very Clear about it!”

To Janus it seemed the little routine went forever, one or two breaks too long, too many pauses; he felt he lampooned himself. Weak laughs told him the audience was not rapt. When Janus came offstage Daisy was waiting, panting heavily behind the curtain to go on. Her wig was awry and he helped her straighten it. Her hands were wet and shaky. She was already sweaty before going on; make-up seemed melted to her face. Janus immediately wondered whether she’d just taken a hit of speed, smack or adrenalin. He asked how she thought his new routine went and she said gruffly she missed it and she was a dancer not a comedy reviewer, thank you!

She looked a fright ready for a fight. The sight of her reminded him of the night she stared with crazed eyes after she knifed Henri. Janus asked her where she had been and did she hear the loud bang like a gunshot. She said she was in the loo with gut pains and had not heard his routine or the loud noise. Janus said she wasn't in the loo when he looked there. She snapped.

“What? Are you taking over Marty's job? Or do I have both of you bastards stalking me now? Oh, for God’s sake! Men…”

She bolted onstage angrily and the applause she had was light as she came off in less than normal time, leaving music playing to the empty stage behind her. Janus noticed when she came offstage she was relatively relaxed, now hyped-up, back to her normal self, fussing, smoking and laughing insanely. When Marty mooched round later, Janus noticed him slip away with Daisy to a corner. Whatever they were whispering was none of his business, no doubt about some drug deal, or something about Henri. Daisy was freaking out and Marty was trying to placate her. It was obviously important to them.

Janus ached to talk about his new routine and his new method of delivery, in fact his new act.  The ache lingered after the show when the cleaning up was through. He sat alone at the bar easing down his last drink. He intended to catch a cab home, reluctantly since Deanna was still furious about a recent misunderstanding. Sometimes she seemed to actually hate him, he thought….

Odd snatches of worry broke the surface of his mind before being swamped by others. He wondered why Al wasn’t round the Club for a while, and another bloke was doing Al’s job, and what did Candy think of his new style of act, and did the Feds do anything about the young slave girl at Rima’s, that is if Paris was on the level.

He felt sick recalling the words “Got him!”

Janus wondered where Daisy was hiding when he could not find her and what she was up to when she went missing. He felt twinges of irrational jealousy in turn, imagining Marty with Daisy, or Blanche with the odd guys she sometimes entertained in her fashion if she were in luck, and poor tiny Paris too, in the process-line gang-bang of her work-a-day life. And for how long would Deanna sulk this time? The whole time he leaned his elbows on the bar thinking.

Janus was slightly unnerved when he noticed Marty and Henri whispering quietly away from the bar. He furtively watched in the mirror behind the bar while Henri muttered to Marty. Marty’s face was shrunk and white like he had been sucked dry by a vampire. Obviously something was going on.

Then Janus self-consciously noticed Henri's squinted eyes staring at him from the mirror, slyly watching Janus the whole time. Then there was heard a dull siren, from somewhere far, far away in the streets of the city outside, coming closer, growing louder, then another and another, until they seemed to be coming from everywhere. The roar of sirens bore down so loudly like air raid sirens they seemed any moment to burst in the building.

Janus felt his heart race as he looked round the Club to reassure himself the place was not on fire.


 
Chapter 10


“I just love the sound of police car sirens, don’t you? 
When they’re chasing someone else, not me.” - Hugh Janus.


Ambulances and police sirens roared and coppers ran everywhere, cordoning off the streets with blue-and-white-chequered plastic crime-scene tape. A throat-slashed corpse was found deep in the laneway behind Henri's Club. Cops of all kinds, reporters and camera crews milled at the crime scene for two days among gawking onlookers. For the first hours watchers were shocked by the sight of a man down the lane covered in plastic. The corpse lay off the main road, far downhill from the main street in the dark lane, obscured by a jumble of dumpsters and rubbish bins clung together in shadows.

Broken chairs, piles of trash and gaudy graffiti fading on walls in the background provided a sense of atmosphere that assaulted eye and nostril. Oblivious to all, the covered corpse with blood puddled on the ground around it clung to the air with unmoving fingers. The corpse lay askew, tangled in a voluminous blue coat.

At the lane entrance a crowd milled in high heels, rubber heels and leather. An ambulance with flung-open doors pulsed with red and blue lights; sightseers gawked into the laneway at the turmoil. Automobiles moved to a standstill in both directions along the street at the lane mouth.

“Stand back, please! Right back!” a uniformed cop commanded the crowd, a silver number pinned to her bulging tunic, a two-way radio in her hand; black gun-butt and other paraphernalia of her trade jiggled from the wide belt surrounding splendid hips.

“Move on please!” the cop said in a neither friendly nor unfriendly way. “Let us do our job without hindrance.” 

The crowd was herded out of the lane and onto the street from where they craned their necks, able to observe only enough to feed their curiosity. Police immediately declared it a homicide. With little delay the victim was identified as a well-known drug dealer.

“It’s a bloody public lane way, for Heaven’s sake,” Henri Kaye complained next day to a newspaper reporter he knew, when the media frenzy caught up with events. “It’s got nothing to do with me or my nightclub.  Print that!”

To TV reporters as they thrust microphones at his face Henri grumbled, “No comment! No comment!”

He brushed past the cameras with his elbow raised to half-hide his face. On news bulletins Henri resembled a charging rugby forward disguised in a crumpled suit, or a disgraced public figure fleeing scrutiny. Either way it was not a good look.

“In a way, this is a lot of publicity for the Club, isn’t it?” Marty said meekly.

“Yes. In a bad way,” Henri growled. “We don’t need this shit!”

However, the police investigation did not much disturb Henri or his business. The cops poked round the dingy nightclub, when they sauntered in. After closing time, detectives chatted to Henri briefly questioning everyone, first Marty, then Janus, the girls, Al and Daisy and finally reporting to Henri. To the attentive policemen the waitress and the bargirl answered questions with grave innocence. Like everyone else they knew nothing. The girls told the cops the dead man was a total stranger.

“Aren’t we all?” Henri quipped.

The detectives laughed as they lounged round Henri’s table. They were particularly interested in the Club’s odd-job guy, due to Al’s previous criminal record. Henri urged the cops to give the poor guy a break, poor old Al had a bad heart. In fact Al almost had a heart attack when the gunshot went off. He was reading his book down near the toilets when the shot rang out in the back lane, and he heard familiar voices shouting at each other under their breath….

Immediately before the gunshot Al heard the hated sound of Marty squawking, “No need to do that…” Then Bang! And after the shot, Daisy’s voice, “He deserved it!”

Then the cops got involved and of course, Al could have told them plenty. And equally of course, he said absolutely nothing.

Nor did he mention to anyone else what he heard.

Janus and Marty slipped discretely out of the way and sucked beers backstage. Marty’s hands were shaking as he lit a cigarette. He kept licking his lips like a man with very much to not say…

“What’s up with you?”

“Nothing.” muttered Marty. “All these coppers make me nervous. I don’t trust them.”

“Oh yeah….”

“I just hope you-know-who keeps her mouth shut. Zhiv was her main connection.”

Janus noticed the heavy sweat on Marty’s face but that was not unusual. Janus thought it natural for one of Marty’s pig-heritage.

“You know why he wore that big overcoat, eh?” Marty went on mumbling. “But he had no worries with the coppers. He either had them paid off, or scared, but I think he was one of them. A guy like that you don't just pay with cash. He was scum. He had a hold over her. I can’t say what it was. He had her scared witless. I'm still worried about her. Although he isn’t a problem now….”

“Bah!” Janus scoffed in the middle of Marty yapping….

“Keep it under your hat,” Marty whispered. “I think that jealous bastard Henri might have had the hit done by one of his pals. I wouldn’t be surprised. What do you think?”

“I think I need another drink,” Janus said draining his beer.

Janus rose to get more beer, and Marty grabbed him. Janus glanced over his shoulder, wondering what was bugging the idiot.

Marty grumbled as Janus shrank from his grip, “It wouldn’t surprise me if these local cops weren’t in on it. Be careful what you say to them too. The main thing you ought to…”

Marty’s words faded as Janus got out of earshot. In place of Marty's voice, the laughter of suit-clad detectives at Henri’s table filled Janus’s ears as he came out on the main floor among the tables and chairs. Behind the bar, a pink cardigan covered most of Candy’s tattoos as she cleaned up the usual mess. Mandy was cleaning herself up and slipping into a fluffy coat. At his crowded table Henri entertained the detectives, with an arm draped round Daisy’s neck. He leisurely poured slugs of various liqueurs and hard drink into glasses and handed a cigar to whichever cop wanted one as Janus went to the bar. Compared to Henri’s usual gang of pals the cops looked gentle and innocent. They accepted the cigars appreciatively and sniffed their fineness.

“Looks like a pay-back hit,” the cops told Henri, ignoring Janus. “No sign of a robbery.”

“Who knows?” Henri waved a cigar in the air.

One by one the detectives coloured-in part of the picture, here and there with a wry smirk as tough guys do.

“They didn’t even take his wallet or the fat gold ring on his finger. When we checked that fucking overcoat he wore, he had a stack of gear… like a walking supermarket… all stashed in little pockets sewn in the lining, a real operator, and as far as we can tell none of it was touched. He was loaded. That makes it suspicious.”

“How much was on the prick?”

“Can’t say… might be embarrassing…”

“Ha ha-ha ha….”

“Maybe there was something else more valuable he had. But it's no good guessing, unless we come up with something.”

“Maybe he was expecting trouble. He was carrying the midget artillery piece, but he only got a chance to get a single shot off before...”

The cop drew his finger across his throat. Another cop described the handgun that was found on the deceased. It had been fired.

“Don’t know yet whether he hit someone. I never saw one of those Chow jobs before. You could only tell by the maker’s mark – is there anything they don’t make. Christ almighty. It was a rare looking piece…”

“Yah, it sounds like a copy of the Minimax,” Henri muttered as he and the cops chimed in turn.

“Cute enough little thing, well-made... Has a nice action. Pop, pop, pop.”

“Depends on your taste, I suppose, huge calibre, but short barrelled…”

“…a highly hide-able, heavy hitter! More for the back of the head than the front…”

The cops nodded as Henri chuckled, “About the right weight for a rat to pack…. But only got one shot off, eh…. nice action? But not nice enough….”

Detectives took up the story.

“Nothing else much to go on, no bloodstained footprints, a real professional hit with a single fatal-enough blade-wound in the back…. apart from…”

The cop drew his finger across his throat again before resuming, “Big knife too I guess. Obviously somebody knew what they were doing. Pity the blade didn't get stuck between the ribs. It would at least give us something to go on.”

“And made less of a damn mess too…”

Overhearing the discussion from the bar Janus shot a glance at Daisy. He noticed Henri give her a strange look that could have meant any of many things, while Daisy smiled serenely toward the detective who went on with the story.

“Probably a gangland payback, maybe he never saw it coming. He had plenty of enemies.”

“That type always do,” Henri muttered, then turning again to Daisy he asked, “Hey, Baby, you never seen that guy round here before, did you?”

“No Daddy, I never ever seen that guy at all before, not here or anywhere…. not till they showed me the photo. They all look the same to me, except you….”

She turned and winked at Janus with a grin as he went by on his way back from the bar clutching four beers. Janus was thinking Henri or Marty surely had something to do with the murder, or maybe both of them, and possibly Daisy too; more than probably, if as Marty said the dead guy was hassle. She might have not liked it.

On the other hand if as Marty said the dead guy was an undercover pig, the murder could easily have something to do with Henri's weird pals. Janus had an eerie feeling about the gunshot. He tried to recall who was there at the time he heard it. More importantly, who wasn’t! Like the guy with the scar, the one he met and Daisy said he was bad news. That guy was missing. Daisy was missing. Henri’s two thugs were missing. Marty was missing too, at the time, as near as Janus could recall. He saw Marty with the dead guy moments before the gunshot, but no one mentioned that to the cops. Anyone of them was a likely suspect, and the list was growing the more Janus thought about it.

At least he had an alibi. Janus said nothing to the cops about anything. Later at home, he said not much more to Deanna, because he did not want to worry her. She wasn’t talking to him anyway and she might say something to Henri. When Janus reported the murder to Deanna he simply suggested that since the dealer in the overcoat was always hanging round the Club (though you could not tell that to the cops) and since the dead guy was no doubt dealing to patrons and members of staff (which also you could not tell the cops) perhaps, Janus conjectured, perhaps it was possible that...

Deanna showed zero interest.

When she had enough of Janus’s Sherlock Holmes act, she whined, “Okay, so now you're an amateur detective…. as well as an amateur comedian?”

After decades suffering the brunt of her sarcasm, he took no offence. He narrowed his eyes in a withering stare of reproach, unable to rule out the possibility Deanna was somehow secretly pulling the strings behind it all.

*

Weeks that followed, saw the sensation over the killing dim. The show went on. Janus drew from himself new material, like an alchemist searching for the magic elixir to draw forth laughter. A seepage of ideas tirelessly boiled down in verbiage that congealed into routines. He thought about his act while he ate and slept. He grieved he had no one to talk to about it, except Candy. And the time he had with her across the bar was limited. He fantasised about asking Candy to see him outside work, but he was shy she might take his interest the wrong way. Blanche Appleby was unable see him. Deanna rejected him and refused to compromise, she even cut-off his access to her money. Janus was therefore unable to visit Paris at the brothel in his penurious state. When he asked Henri for money the old guy roared laughing, and he slapped Janus on the shoulder and walked away without a word, still laughing.

Janus found now when he stared at Daisy behind stage she seemed more smooth, soft and glowing than ever, her presence was aromatic and atmospheric. He found himself often close to her. So close he could smell her scent rising from the warmth of her person, and on her breath a mix of smokiness and sweetness from the spice she chewed to numb a nagging tooth.

Her proximity disturbed him. She appeared to not mind, and each day she seemed nicer to Janus than the day before. She watched him with a foxy smile. It increasingly intrigued him. At the same time he remained preoccupied, his mind a crucible of ideas ceaselessly stirring with his latest comedic concoction.

So familiar with him over many years, Daisy was accustomed to Janus’s zombie behaviour but she knew he was worried about something. She asked how things were with him and Deanna. Janus almost shed tears of frustration. He wondered if Daisy was a mind-reader, or an instinctive genius, or probably she had been talking with Deanna.

In any event she showed nothing but compassion when he mentioned money.

“Don’t worry, Darling,” Daisy said. “You know how I feel about you. I don’t have to tell you I’m here for you when you need me. Anytime! With anything, in any way! Okay?”

She winked as she reached into her bag and extracted a thick, long envelope.

“Don’t open this till you are alone. And I don’t want to hear about it again. Don’t mention it to any one, hear me? Especially not Deanna! Or Pig-Face!”

The envelope formed a thick crackly packet. Janus needlessly put the pack to his nose. The surface of the envelope gave the unmistakable scent of Daisy too with the overpowering stench of skunk-buds from within.  He smiled. What else did he expect? She was right, he knew how she felt about him and at that moment he loved her for it.

“Gee, thanks Daiz,” Janus gushed. “You’re the best.”

He kissed her and she slid her tongue between his lips. As she licked inside his mouth he tasted clove.

“Don’t mention it again,” she said. “Now piss-off out of here, you crazy kid, you got my knees trembling.”

When alone, Janus obediently opened the thick envelope and he was astonished at the small amount of skunk it contained, and the strength of the stink it gave off. Daisy might smoke that much in two days although it would easily last Janus a week. The envelope was padded with a sachet of snowy crystals and a dozen fifty dollar notes. The money had absorbed the scent of the dope and needed airing. His first thought was gratitude. And he wondered how easily Daisy got hold of the cash, in case he needed more in future. He hoped she did not need to stoop low to get it. His second thought was to make a quick trip to Paris. Next afternoon he gave himself a thorough wash-down, shaved and dressed in his least dilapidated jeans, T-shirt and runners. He wore socks to protect his feet from the smell of his footwear. He took a cab to his favourite sex-shop in the back-street of workshops, little factories and small-storage facilities.

The establishment seemed not so erotic in the midst of normal workaday activity. Under the absent glare of gaudy flashing lights, Janus pressed the buzzer and received the standard welcome. With the usual small ado he was alone with Paris and after that he was satisfied. They talked. She showed less than her usual interest in his conversation; in fact when he tried to tell her he had rung the Federal Police, she interrupted and instead she talked about the mysterious disappearance of several young girls. They disappeared only the day before immigration authorities swooped on all the Asian brothels across town.

“It’s very suspicious,” she said. “The cousin of the Indian doctor is a very high man in the Federal police, and his brother very important in Immigration department. Many girls were arrested with visa problems now. Many friends like me, unlawful non-citizens. Police and cops even came here to this shop. Lucky I was bleeding and did not work that day, or I would be gone. Very big trouble! My best friend was deported and they took all her money. Six month she work here seven days a week and now she must go with nothing. Me so scared now. I want to go home.”

“To Thailand?”

Paris looked at him like he was a fool and then she smiled as she wrapped the used condom in a tissue and binned it and began to wipe Janus clean.

“No,” she laughed. “I live interstate. I’m very respectable lady there, ho-ho! I only work here. My neighbours think I go all the time on business trips. Ha-ha.”

Janus checked the time on the wall-clock and seeing there would soon be a knock on the door, he said sadly, “You know I really enjoy the time we spend together. I’d like to pay for your time for a whole day. We could do something normal, eh? You know, maybe go to a hotel down by the beach and relax. How much would that cost, do you think?”

With a laugh Paris melted his heart momentarily, “Oh you very sweet man. But I cannot do. It is impossible. You should see some other girl. I am sure she will go with you…”

“Hey, it must be possible,” Janus reasoned. “It’s just business. We don’t need to have sex all day if you don’t want. Take it easy. We can just relax like normal people.”

Paris shook her head, which encouraged Janus in his fantasy.

“Fuck me! It’s only money, isn’t it? How much do you make in a day? Let me talk to your Boss, surely we can arrange something…”

Paris wrapped a fluffy towel tight around her body, firming flat her breasts and she shook her head unhappily, with eyes downcast her face grew heavier than before, “It is impossible. Don’t even think about it. My husband would not be happy.”

“Oh… you have a husband? You never told me you were married?”

A loud knock on the door caused Paris to shout something Janus did not understand, she shrugged and when she spoke she did not meet his eyes. Janus slowly dressed, staring at her.

“Not married like you,” she said. “How can I? I would be catched by the immigration man. I am an awful non-citizen … an unlawful non-citizen, you know? Like an alien they say. Ha-ha, do I look like I am from Mars? I have white boyfriend, same-same like a husband. Many foreigners same like you say I am nice girl. Why am I bad?”

Janus was perplexed.

“Does your boyfriend know you do this job?”

Paris shrugged matter-of-factly with a strange feminine smile.

“Of course… it is okay for him,” she scowled ominously. “But he is a very jealous angry man if I like any customer...”

The news upset Janus and he was not sure exactly why. It was more than simply the rejection. He returned home in a blur and turned on the TV. He dropped a tab of acid he’d been saving since the previous Christmas but it seemed to have gone stale and had little effect except for the lightshow and making him feel sick. He did not smoke or drink or change channels until Deanna returned home early from work. He tried to act normal and when she asked what was wrong he laughed, “Nothing. Everything is fine. How are things with you?”

“Fine,” she said, almost defensively. “What are you watching?”

“Nothing really…. Do you want to watch something?”

It seemed Deanna had stopped sulking. But even so, it was unusual for her to not make some smart remark. He snatched a beer from the cool-box and she sat with him and they held hands and shared one of her special joints and watched a pseudo-celebrity panel show. Janus complained about the comedian-guests on the panel. He absent-mindedly stroked Deanna’s inner-thigh, appreciating smooth flesh wrapped in fine wool slacks and the delicate garment underneath as his fingers gently squeezed a wedge of human silk.

“Can’t you even wait till after we eat?” she groaned.

He said, “Sure, Baby.”

Janus considered himself a patient and optimistic man, always happy to simply hold his wife’s hand and watch TV. He went to fetch another beer. The happy curmudgeon he was, he might at times view an American romantic drama or some other religious program. He would accompany the show with a blow-by-blow dispute over its formulation and performance. News and current affairs were full of comedy ideas, and he said if he could not do comedy he would like to be a newsreader. He had his own ideas about comedy. If his idea of funny did not agree with everyone it was not his problem. He felt in some ways born before his time.

You can’t please everybody and he did not try. He was married to the boss’s niece. He had job security. Other small-time comedians envied his luck. He had the privilege of being original and doing whatever material he wanted, so long as he didn’t offend the boss. And he felt his act was headed in new, ground-breaking directions. Maybe one day he would be as famous as the two comedians trading blows on the panel show, the round-shouldered white guy with a small head and the skinny little black guy flashing big white teeth.

“That Stiffy Wunda is lucky,” groaned Janus, flopping back on the couch and opening the beer.

To his great amusement as he popped the top, beer frothed over his hand and onto the lounge.

“Ha-ha-ha! Damn!”

Janus slid closer to his wife to get away from the beer spill and said, “Just look at that Stiffy. He gets around the whole country. He's known everywhere. But that pin-head Flip Smith makes twice the dough, and he’s got his own show and he's totally up-himself. He’s got nothing to say and he takes himself so seriously. Everything he does is so predictable. He loves himself but he's not half as good as Stiffy.”

“At least he's funny,” said Deanna, scowling at the mess of spilled beer. “How long have you been drinking today, for heaven’s sake?”

“Which one of them is funny?” Janus asked, flicking down the volume, “Anyway, you can't tell. It's edited bullshit with canned laughter. TV is the sanctuary of second-rate mediocrity.”

“And you are a first-rate mediocrity I suppose,” said Deanna. “If you were asked to appear on TV, would you refuse to do it?”

“I wouldn't say no,” said Janus with half a mind, while the other half floated in bright-coloured fantasy. “But I'd go on just to show them up. It might be a nice change from working under Henri's racist regime.”

Deanna laughed, “What do mean? Say what you like about Uncle Henri, he's not racist. He hates everybody.”

“Of course he is,” Janus laughed as if it was obvious. “He’s obsessed. You can say anything you like about Christianity, Muslims, Hindus, black fellows and anyone. That’s okay. Rubbish shit out of them all. They’re all fair game, but don’t you dare say anything about Jews or Israel. He freaks out. It’s so dumb.”

“Well, he’s the boss,” Deanna mumbled, clearing the table in readiness for their microwaved TV dinners.

“Henri doesn't care about sexist jokes, racist jokes and fat jokes, or even gags about cripples and tragedies, but he has this weird hang-up about anything Jewish.”

“What do you expect, after what he’s been through?”

“It beats me,” said Janus, sitting grandly. “After all, they’re just jokes. And you know what he said to me one time? He said I’m an anti-Semite. For fuck sake! Me! I’ve got nothing against anyone. I genuinely don’t give a fuck.”

“Well if you don’t give a fuck, what’s the problem? It sounds very much like you’re the one who is obsessed.”

“Listen, I don’t care if you are Jewish or a one-legged albino lesbian with two heads, if you can’t laugh at yourself, you’re pretty pathetic. What is it with you people?”

Deanna stiffened until she saw the waste of energy coming.

“We people have no trouble laughing at ourselves,” she said between grit teeth, “Maybe it doesn’t occur to you, that just maybe, we simply don’t like to be vilified.”

He knew it was hopeless talking to her once she started coming out with the big words. Her look softened to an icy glare. He knew she liked none of his humour whatever it was about. He was obsessed with wars because they were always on TV. He was prejudiced against the law, justice and all authority because of a dysfunctional relationship with his father; he was a spoiled, self-indulgent sex maniac; unmotivated, ungrateful and unhelpful round the house.

His act was not funny, nor was he clever. He embarrassed her. She tried to avoid seeing him perform at the Club but she sometimes made the mistake of arriving early to pick him up and drive him home. She heard enough of his sick act with filthy jokes about marriage, his political prejudices and vapid nonsense about sexual relations between grasshoppers, elephants and lawnmowers. He was obnoxious, obscene and offensive.

“If you think Uncle Henri is being unreasonable,” she said bluntly, “you should quit in protest.”

“Maybe I will,” Janus stared harder at the TV and raised the volume. “Maybe I just will. Sh-sh-sh! The late news is starting. They might say something about our murder.”

The newsreader stared large from the TV screen and Janus watched her huge face as though mesmerised. He stared intently at the screen and the newsreader stared fixedly at the camera, with her floating face and dancing lips. The newsreader enthralled Janus as intensely as if they were alone together, and he squeezed the remote control gently. He suddenly realised he was very drunk as the news revealed police had little progress in their homicide investigation. The camera-shot cut to a face at a press conference. A bewildered-looking police boss in impressive regalia urged members of the public to come forward with any information regarding the victim, or the murder. Onscreen flashed a grainy mugshot of a man in uniform remotely resembling the murdered man.

“What’s the point? Who is next?” Janus cackled. “That’s what people need to know. Hey, Deanna, what do you think of this idea? I come out on stage covered in blood - fake blood of course – and, you know, maybe rap a while about…. you know, whatever. But the punch is right at the end…. I eyeball the audience, slowly like this…. just staring at them individually, like I’m crazy, and really drag it out. Heh-heh! Then I pull out this knife, and WHAMMO…. I splash this fake blood spurting everywhere all over the stage and at the audience, Man…. like while I snarl like a vampire or something: Who wants to be next? And BANG! Kill the lights, chuck the place into darkness. Shit, they'll all fucking freak out! Cool, huh?”

Janus looked up and he realised Deanna had left the room. She was making a phone call down the hall. With the television blaring and his heartbeat skipping Janus could barely make out the words she whispered frantically into the phone, as the microwave went ping!

“No you can’t come around, we’re having dinner now. Yes, he’s still here,” she said. “Don’t be like that. I’ll call you later.”

“Hey!” Janus yelled. “Hey, Deanna, did you hear, I’ve got this idea…”

Next day he went shopping. In his search for fake blood he came across a partitioned adult section in a theatrical paraphernalia store. There his eye was caught by an oversized red dildo. What that had to do with theatre, Janus could only imagine, estimating the damn thing maybe four inches in diameter… three at least. The saleslady was nearby and Janus asked, “Do you sell many of these?”

The saleslady glanced over the brim of her spectacles at the big red object flopping in Janus’s hand and said, “You would be surprised. An old lady bought one yesterday. Her husband recently died.”

“Was she married to a horse?”

The saleslady didn’t laugh. Janus thought of purchasing the dildo to use in his act, but he did not want the saleslady to think he was buying it for himself. She delicately but firmly removed it from his grasp and returned it to the display. Janus settled for the blood. He was excited when he arrived at the Club that night with the embryo of his new routine developing in his head and cradling the bottle of fake blood. He was eager to discover how the new routine turned out on the night.

He was excited by a dream he had the night before, when he felt himself lifted and thrown into the air and he flew, he flew above laughing crowds and the laughter grew louder the lower he flew until laughter grew so loud, it woke him. The bedroom rattled with the applause of rain beating in waves at the window. Janus felt it a positive omen. When he arrived at the Club the sight of old Al back at work added to the excitement.

Al had returned after missing a week of work on account of a minor heart attack and Henri’s Club missed him. The respite seemed to have done Al good. He greeted Janus cheerily.

The temporary replacement caretaker in Al’s absence was a morose depressive who never smiled or said hello. Rubbish stacked up behind the bar and the temporary guy repeatedly allowed the toilets to run perilously short of paper. It was not totally a bad thing to discourage wastage, Marty said.

“It wasn’t a serious heart attack,” Al reported.

“I expect I’ll have a bigger heart attack when I get the ambulance bill.”

Al looked at the bottle of blood and at Janus, and the blood in the bottle and he shuddered.

“I saw enough of that red shit in hospital. “Speaking of shit…” Al said as Marty came snooping round.

“What’s going on here?” Marty grumbled.

Al said, “I was just telling Hughie, how the heart attack hit me in the doctor’s surgery when I went for a check-up of my diabetes and half a dozen other terminal diseases associated with my short life-expectancy as an aboriginal man. I was lying on the waiting room floor half-conscious.”

“How did they know the difference?” Marty tried vainly to interrupt.

“Next thing I know I can smell this woman, the doctor’s receptionist touch me. As she knelt down,” Al chuckled. “I looked up her skirt and saw she had these lovely little frilly white panties. It was unforgettable. I thought if that’s the last thing I see before I go, I’ll die a happy man. But I held on as hard as I could in case she gave me mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. I didn’t want to miss that.  Anyway, here I am now. They tell me I have to give up the drink. But if I do, I’ll still only have a few years left anyway. I might as well enjoy them.”

“But the main thing is you’re better now,” said Janus, reflecting half-heartedly on his own mortality. “It could happen to any of us.”

“Yes, I’m okay, except for a slight case of terminal obesity, congenital poverty and malignant ulcers… a broken kidney, renal dysfunction and chronic alcoholism,” Al chuckled mirthlessly. “Not to mention years of institutional abuse and neglect thrown in… and lifelong depression for good measure! That’s the medical diagnosis at least. Not to mention workplace harassment.”

“Poor guy,” said Janus when Al went off to do a job or to tell someone else his news.

Marty said, “One thing for sure, he never had the heart attack on account of overwork.”

Then he stared at Janus’s load.

“Hey, what’s that?” Marty asked pointing to the bottle nested in the crook of Janus’s arm.

“Blood! What do you think it is? It’s for my new routine about the murder, Man!” Janus grinned with an evil leer.

“It’s going to freak everybody. Wait till you see. People will shit themselves. It'll be a classic.”

Janus was disappointed Marty showed no sign of shock. When Janus later described the new routine to Al and Mandy they looked stunned.

“You’re a crazy bastard, that’s for sure,” Al laughed. “I’m sticking round to see this. But we’ll probably miss the best bit when they turn out the lights and people are fainting everywhere in the dark. I’m going to get a torch.”

Al rushed off looking for a torch and Mandy set her tray of empty glasses on the bar, muttering something like she should get a job in a proper place among sane people. Candy on the other hand was impressed. Her role was important and she took it seriously as she listened carefully to her part of the plan. When Janus held her hand and said, “I’m counting on you Baby,” he saw her eyes glisten and her nipples seemed to swell, if only in his imagination.

“I just hope I don’t let you down,” she said meekly.

With swelling anticipation Janus admired the bottle of fake blood on the table backstage. He had a long chat with the guy who did the sound and lights, except instead of killing the stage lights, the guy wanted to flash them off and on. It would have more dramatic effect, he said. Janus said that’s what he meant. Later, when Janus introduced Daisy’s act to the audience he was pleased to see more than a dozen early punters at the tables around the stage.

Then during the dance act, with no one in sight Janus used an old plastic funnel to gurgle the blood into a large plastic balloon left over from Henri’s New Year party. Fake blood went everywhere. He tied the neck of the balloon in a knot and mopped spilled blood off the table and floor, excited like a kid. He hid the balloon in a cupboard till he was ready. It sloshed and sagged dangerously, bleeding a trickle from the neck, and was bound to make a glorious mess when he unleashed it. All he needed now was to borrow the large knife used for cutting slices of lemons behind the bar. And while there he would remind Candy she was to watch for the finale of his last set, and then to scream her guts out as loud as she could and kill the remaining house lights when he drew the knife out of hiding and splashed blood everywhere. As he scurried to the bar to get the knife and to go through the plan again with Candy, Janus heard Marty’s voice behind him.

“Henri wants to see you, boy” Marty said, shaking his head.

“Fuck up on this and you’re finished,” Henri warned Janus. “Don’t mention the killing and forget all the rest of the bullshit. Don’t even think about it.”

“Why not?” Janus asked, rubbing fingers through his tangled hair in exasperation.

“Because I said,” Henri growled. “Don’t forget who’s boss round here.”

Henri was crazy. A murder on the back doorstep was comedy gold. It was topical. It was shocking. It was perfect. But mindful of who was boss, Janus feigned innocence.

“What makes you think I would say anything about the killing?” Janus asked.

“I know you, boy,” Henri said. “And get rid of that blood in the bottle!”

Janus swivelled in the direction of Marty who stood at the bar with his back turned. Janus glared at the back of Marty’s rat-shaped head, at the same time seeing Marty’s rat-like face reflected in the mirror.

There was no sense to argue with Henri. Janus wondered why Henri should care what was said about the murder unless Henri was somehow mixed up in it. Janus could not believe Henri had nothing to do with it.

“Don’t stir up shit unless you have a very long stick,” Henri advised Janus, “Otherwise you might find yourself splashed with it.”

Maybe Marty was right all along. Maybe Henri was behind the murder after all. But maybe Marty was involved in it himself, with Daisy. They were all crazy enough. When he went on stage Janus did harmless old jokes. With a hand on one hip, he thrust his paunch at the audience in defiance. Inside he felt gutted by Henri's censorship.

 “You know, I wonder if Jesus Christ was executed in modern-day America, would Catholics in a thousand years wear little gold effigies of electric chairs on chains round their necks, instead of gold crosses?”

A familiar voice in the small audience shouted, “It wasn’t funny last week, and it’s still not funny now.”

The heckler, no doubt some Catholic, caught Janus by surprise. Janus shrugged and his face went red. All he could think of was fake blood going to waste.

“Thank for that contribution, Sir. Do you like grasshoppers?” Janus could almost hear his tongue lick dry lips, “There’s a lot to be said for the little green bastards. That’s not racist, grasshoppers are green, and their parents weren’t married. They’re not so bad. Grasshoppers might not go to school but they’re good citizens. They don’t join the police force and they don’t lock each other up for eating marijuana leaves, but they do okay in life. Don’t they?  Grasshoppers don't drink and drive and run around shooting civilians and building skyscrapers to jump out of when the stock exchange crashes. You don’t get corrupt grasshoppers, or fanatical grasshoppers, or some rich, old half-dead green bastard married to a bimbo butterfly fresh out of the cocoon with an IQ half her bra-size…

“You never hear a grasshopper complain, you never see an unemployed grasshopper, and hey! That’s no grasshopper fucking my wife behind my back neither. So they have a lot in their favour.”

A cough echoed and Janus dropped the bit about grasshoppers.

“Why go to school anyway? Our education system is simply a giant lawnmower designed to cut us all down to size. Education is a waste of time. It was for me anyway.”

That drew wry laughter.

“After ten years of schooling I came out as dumb as I was when I began.”

“You can say that again,” an annoying voice from the rear yelled.

Janus ignored the heckler amidst shallow laughter.

“The education system pumps out two categories of people. You can immediately see the difference. When people read is when you see it best. Educated people follow the words on the page with an intellectual look on their face…. and they move their eyebrows up and down as they read…. like this…”

The weird look on Janus’s face raised laughs, with eyebrows pumping frantically.

“On the other hand, you get your Uneducated people… and they follow the words with their fingertip…. and they move their lips when they read, like this.”

He did a second imitation nearly as good as the first and it got nearly as many laughs.

“All the rest are just a variation on the two themes – a couple of successes at one end, and a few failures at the other end… and all us shit in between. At the top of the academic shit-heap you get your Educated professionals with a university degree on the wall and reading glasses on the tip of their snooty noses.

“Then you get the other type, as we all know - the average poor Dumb bastard with a high school certificate stuck in a cupboard, and their faces stuck in a bullshit newspaper on the bus after work…. ”

When it was obvious there was no more of the joke, a few people clapped….

“And what is it with women these days….”

He felt a cold ache in his brain as he wiped his sweaty face with his hand. The audience was cool. His aborted comedic theatre-piece about the murder in the back lane would have done better than old jokes. Maybe he would get a chance to do it some time when Henri was not around, if it were not too late by then and opportunity lost.

“Have you heard the latest news?” Janus kept slugging away with tired old punch-lines. “Japan has been declared Winner of the Second World War on a Recount!

“And heart-scientists have proved the health benefits of Lesbianism – the Fat-free Marriage! 

“I’ve got nothing against gays and lesbians. My brother is a poofter, dead set – and I love him…. or at least I used to… I got to tell you….”

“Please don’t,” some idiot shouted.

“Yeah, as I was saying before I wasn't interrupted…. my brother is a poofter in the pure sense of the word – true story, I kid you not - he used to live with me and my wife. We rented him the room upstairs. But I didn’t find out the truth about him till later. I felt sorry for him, poor guy had no job and no girlfriend…. but I later found out, my poor brother used to come downstairs every day after I went to work and jump into bed with my missus….

Janus lowered his voice coldly.

“What a weak bastard! Only a poofter would fuck a man’s wife while he’s out at work!”

Some laughed, not many, not much, and Janus took the opportunity to cut his set short and ended it then.  As he left the stage, Marty barred his way.

“That’s really funny…” Marty said. “I never knew you had a brother….”

Janus pushed Marty aside and bumped into Al who stood in the hall holding a torch.

“What happened to the blood and everything?” Al asked.



Chapter 11


“I’m so dumb I thought digital rape was a computer crime,
But I sometimes think love and understanding is the only knowledge worth having.
Like how good would it be, if they gave out diplomas for broken hearts?”
 - Hugh Janus.


Al sympathised with Janus’s complaints about the sabotage of his knife-and-blood show.

“It would have been fantastic to see,” Al said.

To cheer up Janus, Al told him an old Aboriginal joke. Al said it really happened to someone he knew, a mate when he was a boy.

“Yeah, he was just a little fella, you know, a scrawny, scabby sprite playing around all the time getting into mischief,” Al explained. “Anyway the little fella fell in the flour bin, a huge barrel of flour they had in the kitchens for making damper. You know what damper is, eh? You ever eaten damper? It’s not so bad with a cup of billy tea you know. Cook it in the coals and all.

“Anyway, the kid climbs out of the flour bin and looks down at himself and he’s all covered in flour. He looks in a mirror. He sees himself white as a ghost and he thinks it’s a miracle so he runs to show his mother how he has turned into a white-fella. He says: Mummy, Mummy look at me. And she says: Not now, son. Can’t you see I’m busy washing clothes? Go off and play. So the kid rushes off to show his father, and he says: Daddy, Daddy look at me. And the father says: Not now, son. Can’t you see I’m busy fixing the car? Go off and play. So the boy runs off to show his big sister. He says: Sister, Sister look at me. And she says: Not now, little brother. Can’t you see I’m busy with my friends? Go off and play. So the little fella cries out: Damn you mob! I’ve only been a white fella for twenty minutes and I’m already sick of you all you black fellas!”

Janus enjoyed the joke but not as much as Al did. Janus said he could not use it in his act because people would think he was being racist. Al said maybe Janus could change it to have a white kid fall into a cocoa bin or something. That would be funny. Janus said maybe, thinking definitely not.

Then, when he went to the backroom cupboard he found the balloon of fake blood gone. He was furious. He went straight to the bar and started bitching to Candy about the episode, the betrayal, the stolen blood, and Henri’s tyranny….

Before he went further, Candy touched his hand with her fingers and stroked it with her thumb and told him to calm down and forget it. “They’re not worth it! Those assholes aren’t creative like you. Here take one of these. You’re bigger than this dump.”

She slipped him two blood-coloured pills, they could have been anything and he gave one back. She did a quick look around and slipped the pill between her black lips, took a drink of clear liquid from a glass she plucked from under the bar, and she minced away, dragging a rag along the bar surface as she went, winking a mass of false eyelashes over her shoulder. Janus dropped his pill down his neck and drank from the glass. The unfamiliar taste of water surprised him.

Nothing was worth the trouble. He always knew that, now more than ever it seemed worries were leakages from Hell into the World… to bemuse the brain-dead and dreamless. Finding a phone was only part of the problem. He felt jumpy, like a frog, or more like he wanted to be with Candy some more but she was busy when he went back to the bar. He figured the last thing he should do was give a damn about the balloon of blood. He found himself at the basin washing his face in the staff loo. The heat in his flesh evaporated the water. He saw Al, or he thought he saw him, and he said, “They stole my blood, the fuckers.” And Al, or he thought it was Al, said, “Who?” And Janus blurted out in all seriousness, “Who else! The fucking Vampires of course”

Then Janus laughed at himself in the mirror, “You’re not Al. You’re me, you fucking idiot!”

He found the phone and remembered how to use it. Janus left work in a good mood after ringing his old friend Blanche and finding she was available, although she seemed disappointed to see him when he got there. On the ride he saw a strange blue creature rushing alongside the cab, and people staring at him from the sidewalk who were not there. He was high as a cloud and had nothing for Blanche except money. When she overcame her disappointment that he was flying off his face and she was not, she rolled him a joint to calm him down and next thing he knew he was sitting naked in bed with her, listening to old cassette tapes of Astral Weeks, Blonde on Blonde and Living in the Food Chain. It was all raucous, derivative psycho-hippie bullshit, a mishmash of blues, high-brow folk, low-brow jazz and wahoo. The words of a song, American Love Affair drove him mad ringing in his head in tune with his drug-enhanced worries.

Whoompa, whoompa, whoompa! He was happily helpless. Blanche liked to make love to the soundtrack of her youth, from days she was a lithe and frantic rock-n-roll Goldilocks. Now her heyday was gone, silver hair dangled over her bony shoulders; she was a sweet old-fashioned girl with a hospitable body. After her ever-blossoming physical welcome, it was no big deal for her to finish off a man’s emotional needs with open ears and half-open heart. She lit a cigarette and listened to Janus raving. He complained his act was ruined by the boss’s censorship and his wife’s disinterest. Janus drew the doona to his chest and shivered.

“Wives are like that,” said Blanche. “I was like that when I was married. Remember Charlie. He's too big-time now to talk to me, although he still sees my kids. But Charlie always complained I didn’t understand him. He was so defensive. You couldn’t say anything without him getting in a huff. But for God’s sake, his early writing was amateurish. And he was always sulking because I didn't like it. He only improved after I left him. And even then he wasn't much good, but at least he had to finally look critically at it without hiding behind the excuse of blaming me for everything.”

“Yeah well, it’s completely different with comedy. You can’t judge a gag simply because it might ruffle a few feathers. That’s what comedy is all about, stirring people up, you know.”

“It’s all timing, don't forget,” Blanche said. “The jokes people once laughed at now make them feel uncomfortable these days, especially when they’re racist or sexist. You need to take that into consideration.”

Janus knew what she meant. It was true, but he did not agree it had to be that way. Nor did he care what Blanche thought. He was after sympathy, not advice.

“People take themselves too seriously,” he said dismissively. “Like politics and religion! They’re stupidly insensitive to the fact - what they censor today will inevitably become acceptable in future. It makes no difference whether the gags are about Jews or some dead drug dealer…. or the mass slaughter of innocents in an act of terror. Everybody gets so hung up all the time. They’re either insane or crazy! I’m not sure which.”

“Well!” said Blanche. “That’s all I’m saying. If you don’t take it into account you’ll only alienate your audience. People are easily offended. They don't want to hear you go on about kids starving all the time, or whatever it is you go on about these days. Not like that stupid joke you used to do about the guy blowing his head off with a shotgun in a bus. They want something light-hearted…. to help them forget their worries. That’s why you come here to see me, isn’t it?”

“Yeah well, people die, thank goodness. But the terror and injustice go on. And, whether people like it or not, the comedy goes on without them. And the bastards and assholes can just put up with having their own shit rubbed in their faces. That’s what real comedy is about. Art is the war of comedy against the tragedy! Ultimately it all cancels each other out and means nothing in the long run. The sooner people realise that the better. What I hate most is all this two-faced hypocrisy along the way….”

“Comedy is a funny business,” Blanche sighed.

She stubbed-out her cigarette in the ashtray alongside the condom.

“As long as you believe in yourself, that’s all that matters.”

Janus remembered her saying the same thing to him years before, early in his career, and he smiled remembering at the same time it was early in her career too. In those days she was beautiful to look at and everything she said seemed so wise and insightful, before she ruined her brain with junk and her body with children and growing old.

As long as you believe in yourself, that’s all that matters, she said. It was true then, and it remained that way. She looked fantastic in those days long ago, in her bloom exuding the nectar of pleasure, back then in his prime when he fell hopelessly in love with her. He was too young to know better. And she treated him kindly, professionally, when he asked her if she loved him she said nothing until he pressed her for an answer. At first, she smiled gently that's all. She could see she was dealing with a dunce. Finally, when he insisted, she replied.

“How can I love you or any of you? I don't even love myself. As long as you believe in yourself, that's all that matters.”

Now he was over it. His infatuation had years ago grown, or died, into something else. But he never forgot how her words gave him the final shove that helped him face audiences on stage trying to make people laugh. All those years ago, Blanche’s rejection shattered him, but her advice pulled him together. Ever after, failure did not touch him. He believed in himself.

“You should come and see my act these days.”

“I did a couple of times,” she said, lighting a cigarette. “It was okay….”

“Yeah, but that was ages ago. I’ve developed a bit since then.”

“Well,” Blanche said, reaching under the doona. “I’ve got no complaints. But then again I'm easily pleased, or that's what Charlie used to think, the selfish bastard.”

“What did you see in him?” Janus asked.

“More to the point, why did he marry me?” Blanche chuckled. “I was his meal ticket. In a way like you and your wife, I guess. But Charlie lived off me like a big bludger. He never minded my money, although he complained about every other thing. And he still says I was the one who held him back. Even his new wife told him it isn't true, my kids say. But he still blames me. You know his first book was about me. You haven't heard of it? Whore Wife he called it. What a weak bastard. But the publisher made him change that, in case I sued him. Huh! What a joke!”

She flapped her hand at smoke in the air.

“Who cares? I was a whore, but I was a good one, better than he was a writer; I bet he had more “walk-outs” than I ever did. I had none, not ever, not once in all these years. Not many girls can say that. But I never met anyone who ever read more than a few pages of any of Charlie’s crappy books.”

Janus fell silent, feeling terrible, thinking of his own walk-outs, hecklers, protests and complaints….

*

Night after night, the same gig, the same sort of crowd…. the same old shtick….

In the backroom of the nightclub, Janus told Daisy he was sick of working for peanuts. He felt like giving it all away. He might as well become a beach bum. Audiences were too stupid to appreciate good humour anyway.

“They laugh, don't they?” Daisy said.

“So do mental patients in the fucking madhouse.”

“Don't be silly, you get a warm reception….”

“You mean like a steaming turd served on a plate to a swarm of dung beetles. And Henri doesn't make it any easier, getting on my back, cutting the best stuff out of my act.”

“Don't worry about Henri,” said Daisy. “He is a tight-assed, washed-up fake. I have to squeeze anything I want out of him. And he bullshits me like I’m some schoolgirl. Why do you have anything to do with him? You know what he’s like. You can do better than this.”

“Yeah, well…. I don’t know about that….” Janus grinned weakly.

He went on stage that night with no heart in him, scavenging bits from his repertoire about the latest war news, animal vivisection, stem-cell research, health foods and marriage; slinging shit with a sneer, at whatever came to mind.

“I can remember when it cost a penny to take a crap - back before public toilets became extinct. You can judge a nation by its public conveniences. Buckingham Palace is the second-biggest shithouse in the world, after the New York Stock Exchange.”

He slid into a weak joke about the guy with terminal cancer. Daisy heard it before, and she groaned as Janus stretched it out of shape, trying to make it new, only making it more awful.

“Well, there’s this guy dying of cancer…. you know, sick with suffering the pain of the disease and internal bleeding, the endless treatments killing him as much as the cancer, with no life quality, getting worse and worse…. sick of the indignity, almost dependant on someone to wipe his ass. If he was a dog the vet would put him down, out of his misery – but not the medical industry, not while there is still a buck to squeeze out of the dying guy’s bleeding ass…. so the dying guy rides his wheelchair down the road, carrying a long, heavy parcel wrapped in brown paper across his lap, and he gets loaded on a bus, and everyone’s looking at this white T-shirt he’s wearing with the words Legalise Euthanasia he’s painted in red ink, like blood, on the front of the T-shirt. It’s his protest, see, as he sits in the bus, slumped in his wheelchair with a grumpy face like he’d be happier dead. and after a few stops he un-wraps the brown-paper parcel…. and he pulls out a shotgun…. as you do! Yeah, you know how it goes…. Like you feel your finger on the trigger….. And you wonder….. hm-m-m-m, is this really such a good idea….. Oh well, sure. Come to daddy!”

Ka-chink-ka-choonk!!! Janus made like he was doing the manly thing with an invisible shotgun, and then does an imitation of the barrel thrust in his mouth and suddenly he screams close to the microphone… Blammo!”

Janus hurled himself across the small stage and crashed into the side wall dragging part of the stage curtain with him and laughed. Was that overdoing it?

With a Cop-This! Grin, he goes, “The poor sucker blows his fucking head off!! Right there in the back of the bus! KAPOW!!! …WOW-W-W!!!”

The sound echoed horridly.

“It's his protest, see. Everyone…. all the passengers, they shit themselves! There’s blood and bone, and splats of brains blown everywhere! Fuckers are screaming! Young women piss themselves in the pants! The muck and gore gushes out of what’s left of half the guy's head!”

Janus grotesquely mimed a fountain of spurting blood. That got a few awkward laughs….

“Blood’s dripping off the ceiling of the bus! People have been wounded by shotgun pellets and bone shrapnel! People are speed-dialling ambulances…. relatives…. police headquarters…. TV stations and the riot squad! Blood spurts out of the guy’s neck, saturating his clothes and spreading all over the floor of the bus, like some red fondue-fountain hanging out of the wheelchair. People are covered with bits of brain, blobs of blood and stuff, with brown panic running down their legs.”

In grotesque mime Janus made like the fountain of blood spurting all over the stage.

 “It’s a disaster! It’s a fiasco! It’s a terrorist attack! It’s a tragedy! It’s a protest! And they carry the headless body off the bus through the crowd. Everyone is upset. Some are angry. It makes no sense. It’s an act of madness and insanity. And to make matters worse, the T-shirt is covered with blood. Nobody can read the guy’s protest!

“The poor guy went to so much trouble - to make a logical political statement - and by the very act of his protest, he obliterates His Message!!! Everyone ends up thinking he's nothing but a fucking brainless lunatic, like Mao Tse Tung!

Janus screamed hard into the microphone, “How Can a Man Win?”

Coming offstage, Janus asked Daisy, “What did you think?”

She squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head.

Janus tried to explain with a lingering gawk, “Brainless??? You know? Like the guy’s head is blown off…. Don’t you get it - Brainless???”

Brainless I know, she thought to herself, giving Janus a solid stare on the strength of it; and she said, “What’s to get? It’s sick, so sick it’s not funny…. just weird and horrible.”

“Yeah,” said Janus happily.

“Hugh has always been totally off his tree,” Daisy later told Candy at the bar. “That’s sweet, but I worry for him when he goes crazy like tonight. One day he will go too far.”

“Yeah,” said Candy. “His act is a bit crap sometimes, but he's a decent guy. He’s unique…..”

Daisy watched Candy work up and down the bar, and when the young one drew near again, Daisy said with a teasing smile, “You like him, don't you?”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Candy screwed her face. “He's harmless.”

Harmless? Janus? That was a joke. Daisy was still laughing to herself later when she told Janus he had a big fan behind the bar.

“So what?” Janus said blandly. “Maybe she’s not as dumb as some other people.”

Daisy assured Janus that Candy had the hots for him, and she scrutinised Janus’s reddening face.

He scoffed, “How ridiculous. She's a friendly kid, that's all.”

Janus pictured Candy behind the bar…. her soft breasts firm and friendly, resplendent with tattoos and her dark eyes, alluring and blasé. He was mad about them. She was obviously only there for the pay, and he wondered what she was really like. He wondered if she had a guy, though that was irrelevant, and many other things, though she was still so relatively young. Maybe it was wrong, but he smiled every time he thought about it later. He didn't raise the subject even in a sanitised way with Deanna, though he had an impulse to brag how the kid admired his act. It seemed his humour had more appeal for a younger, less conventional audience than Deanna.

He slept well on his thoughts though he woke from a disturbing dream. He had a fierce itch and in the act of scratching he forgot what the dream had been about. On his way to do his show the next afternoon, he dropped in to see Blanche Appleby. When he mentioned his young admirer, Blanche agreed maybe his act was getting somewhere, and perhaps his immaturity would appeal more to the young. Janus appreciated the support, and he mentioned Candy's name and her tattoos.

“She also has one on her back I don't know what that's all about,” Janus said with a salacious cackle. “Like if she can’t even see it herself, who is it for, right above her ass-crack?”

“It’s the fashion. They’re a dime a dozen these days,” Blanche snorted.

Later Janus mentioned Candy again and said, “Maybe that's a sign, you know, my act is catching on with the younger audience and people are starting to get it. What do you honestly think?”

Blanche smiled, diplomatically, too kind to speak her thoughts, as a woman might in many situations.

She said, “You’re not bad, but you obviously haven't yet reached your full potential. You wouldn't talk like you do if you did.”

“What do you mean?”

“You still like the sound of your own voice a bit too much. Maybe you should...”

“The dumber the question, the more stupid the answer,” Janus grunted.

He felt an allergic reaction to the word should.

Blanche wondered what he was uptight about.

He grumbled, “What do you mean…. I like the sound of my own voice? Are you crazy? What's the time? Hey, I should be going.”

He rode a cab into town earlier than he intended. He loitered in the street outside, above the stairs to the Club. He experienced an unusual reluctance to go down. He thought of Blanche's words. They bothered him, and he wondered what she almost said. Maybe he Should what?

He thought maybe he should have listened longer and given her a chance to say it. If only so he would know what she was going to say.

From below, stale darkness tainted with old smoke emanated from the stairwell. Janus anticipated his usual self-enchantment before descending, but it was slow to come. He thought of Paris the Thai girl and how he would like to impress her by inviting her to see his show, even if she did not understand most of it. But maybe her husband wouldn’t like that.

Janus proudly admired the faded advertising poster glued to the hoarding alongside the entrance. The poster spelled out Henri’s Club in artistic gold lettering and beneath it in smaller font Hugh Janus - resident comedian over the largest words: Topless Waitresses. Many thoughts occurred to him. He had an urge to develop his act further, to strive against the deformity of structure, to connect, to reach out and touch his audience, to make it real, and more alive. Mainly he was thinking of himself and how to resurrect his act after it had been betrayed by Marty Iscariot and condemned by Henri the Pilate.

He consoled himself by admiring his name in bold letters. Resident comedian - it meant something in the show biz world. An occasional assault by the proprietor on his artistic integrity was a small price to pay for such status. Henri’s Club appeared to survive financially by the sale of alcohol, but entertainment gave life to the venue. Janus saw himself the essential ingredient. Part master of ceremonies and part funny guy, he was the pumping heart of the whore. If his jokes were considered off-colour, and liable to incite protest or yawns, that was the burden of art.

Comedy was not a game for the frail or faint-hearted. It was a manipulative and confrontational discipline. If sometimes it was a claustrophobic pursuit, it was also an intellectual martial art. Some punters seemed there for no reason than to heckle an act. Be that so, Janus was not beneath the challenge. He felt possessed by heroic responsibilities as he descended the stairs into his arena, the Comedy Coliseum.

That night as he did his bits Janus hoped to impress Candy, yet every time he glanced to the bar Candy never looked up from her work.

“We all know what love is,” Janus spat at the microphone. “Love is a very powerful thing, and it affects us all in different ways. For some of us, love is what a lawnmower does to a grasshopper. You're lucky if it only breaks your heart, instead of ripping off your fucking head.”
Janus roared through gags like a harvest machine, stage-lights burned hotter than summer sunlight. He dripped from skin-pores and mouth alike.

“But of course there are some people who love money. Anyone here tonight love money?”

The question was met by loud, jolly roars, and laughter followed easily.

“That’s nice. I knew a woman like that once. It was an emotional thing with her, a romantic and quite sexual attachment actually. She loved her money. She loved her money so much she didn’t keep it in her purse. And when she went shopping, the cashiers at the supermarket could never figure out why the money was always so warm and wet and sticky….”

Mandy was directly in front of the stage with a tray of drinks and she glared at Janus. Janus gave a nasty smile down at her, and she clearly mouthed the words, Fuck off, then she turned and walked away, to which Janus called out like a heckler….

“What’s the definition of a wise crack? I’ll tell you:  the definition of a wise crack is, it’s a woman with a university degree!”

With a wave of light applause Janus grinned sadistically at Mandy as she snapped a snooty glare over her shoulders and continued her rounds in a huff. Janus almost did not hear a nearby jeer of disgust.

“Cheap rubbish!”

Janus looked for a table of short-haired women rolling cigarettes, instead he saw a fashionable woman with a boyfriend in a sharp suit-coat. The man’s shoulders were near wide as a doorway, but luckily Marty was nearby and Janus grinned, hoping to impress Candy and anyone else.

“Thank you my dear, I wondered if you were listening…. Hey, if you think your boyfriend is ugly, you should see his girlfriend. Ha-ha, boom, boom!”

Janus smiled at the couple. The furious woman sprang to her feet, seized a handbag and stormed out alone, leaving behind the tough-looking boyfriend who rose awkwardly, leaning on the table almost upsetting it, seizing up a pair of crutches from the floor he hurried clumsily after the girl, rattling metal crutches, swinging deformed legs and a body wasted below the hips. He shrugged off Marty’s clumsy attempt to provide assistance. Suddenly Janus’s sun ceased to shine, an ominous quietness descended upon the nightclub. Too afraid to look at the bar or meet eyes anywhere, Janus shrank within as the disabled man made a clumsy departure.

Oh-oh!

Janus half-died internally. He bravely held his ground on stage like a soldier trapped in no man’s land with nowhere to hide from a blinding searchlight, with no protection but his belief in himself. And it was gone. He pressed on, for a moment his voice the only sound on the face of the Earth.

“We were so poor when I was a kid we couldn’t afford to buy a dog. Hey man, we had to shit all over our own front lawn….”

In the whole place Janus heard only a solitary ghostly laugh at the front, like someone too polite to admit they had heard the gag before. Under a hushed barrage of indistinguishable murmurs, Janus retreated to Iraq with a shout that may have passed as a cry for help.

“Hey—y-y-y-y!!! You’re probably wondering where I went last night. I toured Baghdad on my magic carpet. Just me on my magic-carpet ride! Anyone here tonight, anyone…. been to Baghdad recently?”

There was no response and Janus took a deep breath, “Maybe you haven’t been there but I bet you've seen what's left of it on TV…. big bad Baghdad, centre-ring in the international K.F.C. franchise – Killing Fucking Civilians.

“Yo Bro’, that grand old USA entertainment… the Usual Slaughter Addiction… the USA Blood and Guts Circus, with Screaming Half-Starved Kids, pure  TV news entertainment…. Bring it on!

Janus gestured like a champion tennis player, psyched up after a winning point, “Come On!”

A voice in the crowd yelled brainlessly, “Oi! Oi! Oi!”

“Don't you just love it? It's the real thing! I gotta have it every night. Give me my kicks in full screaming, bleeding, kicking colour…

“Woahh-h-h yeah, if you can’t get out and do the kill, at least you can join the high-voltage experience as an armchair witness. Don’t miss out! Let the latest disaster brighten your day tonight when you go home. See the people. Boom! See the dust explode. Where did all the people go?”

Groans showed at least someone wasn’t ignoring him. Janus gave up and slunk from the stage feeling humiliated. He hoped his rapid-fire monologue had distracted people from his embarrassing faux pas with the guy on crutches. He was grateful that polite applause balanced the Boos and catcalls. At the end of the hard night Janus blew a joint, drank beer and dropped pills to settle his nerves, and he helped stack chairs and clean up the joint before he sat smoking with Henri. For a while Marty the security guy joined them. Marty leered with obvious enjoyment at Janus looking dour, till Henri told Marty to piss off. Henri seemed strangely happy, simply to sit there smiling, and shaking his head and staring at Janus who fidgeted and avoided Henri’s eyes. Janus’s gaze strayed over the table cluttered with glasses, bottles and ash surrounding the ashtray. His ears resounded with Henri’s praise.

Henri said Janus did his best act in ages.

“You did good tonight, kid. You got a lot more laughs than usual. Except for that political crap. The bit I liked best was when you took the piss out of that crippled guy. Gold that was, Hughie! And the bitch with him, she was a looker alright, but you stuck your finger up her clacker good and proper, heh-heh… I thought for a minute she was going to jump up and glass you. That would have been funny, hey?”

Henri giggled and said he would have paid to see it himself.

He swore Janus was almost good enough to work in vaudeville in the old days, before television, when entertainment meant something, and the crowds would fill theatres…. standing-room-only, just to throw rotten cabbages and spit-balls at the lousy acts.

“Audiences are like women, they don’t know what they want till you give it to them. It’s no good giving them what they don’t want. Show business is no longer what it was. Take your stand-up comedy caper, for instance, everybody likes a bit of cleverness, but it doesn’t stop the traffic like a fucking car crash! They might feel sorry for the crippled guy, but you wait and see, I guarantee tomorrow night they’ll come back to watch you make an ass of yourself. That’s entertainment!”

Janus did a dumb face. Despite what Henri said, no one in the audience laughed when Janus accidentally made a fool of himself. Damn those crutches! It was useless saying what he thought. Henri would ignore it. When it came to comedy, Janus had already learned at the point of a gun to be wary of Henri’s opinions.

Bargirl Candy on her way home for the night interrupted Henri and Janus. She gave Janus a deeply sorrowful and sympathetic look, and turned to Henri.

“You ought to get that glasswasher looked at, Henri. It’s dangerous.”

“Yeah, I know,” Henri said with a chuckle. “Leave it with me….”

“I hope you didn't think I was taking it home,” she said.

Henri did not appreciate her sarcasm and to take the heat off things, Janus smiled and said, “She’s right, Henri. You ought to get a new machine. That old thing sounds like a jet taking off. It’s a wonder people can hear me when I do the show…” 

Henri’s glare silenced Janus. Candy nonetheless smiled gratefully for Janus’s support. Janus felt drawn toward her, and increasingly so, as he stared at her walking away. The way her backside wriggled, almost begging him to seize her by the hips. He imagined his face buried in her crack, and his lips brushing her puckered rose…..

“Listen to that smart bitch tell me what I ought to do,” Henri's voice startled Janus.

“And you!” Henri snapped. “When I want your opinion, I'll pull the chain. Idiot! You know what I think. I reckon you do too many gags about lawnmowers and grasshoppers…. for fuck sake, what do you think this is Playschool?”

Janus shrugged, and muttered almost to himself, “I think they're kind of funny.”

“You might think they are funny!” Henri growled as he leaned over the table, pausing to breathe. “But you’re not sitting in the fucking audience and buying the drinks. They are….”

Henri laughed through his nose. Janus nodded with an embarrassed smile, knowing he had done one of his worst-ever shows. Nonetheless Janus was unrepentant. After all, it was one bad night! And more important, Candy seemed to still like him. He was comforted by the image of ripe young Candy in her fullness and poignancy smiling sweetly at him… and much more. With an expression of deep thought, he pictured the perfection of her floating away and he felt sad.

Henri raised his hands in despair at Janus appearing to sulk in silence.

“Isn't it about time your wife came to take you home?”

“No,” said Janus. “She has an appointment with her psychiatrist.”

Janus was self-conscious as he prepared to leave the Club early, but he was restless to get where he was going. Henri watched with a knowing grin as Janus departed. To Janus the boss’s grin did not mean a thing, what bothered him was his conscience. As he walked out, he attempted to conceal his eagerness by returning Henri’s grin and waving innocently, as though he had nothing to hide. Then in the street before he hailed a cab, first Janus looked around. It was a waste of time, he knew by now whichever way she went, Candy would be gone. He jumped in the next cab that came his way.

“Hello Mr Janus,” said a huge guy crouched like a black panther-cat in the driver seat with an arm curled round the steering wheel.

Janus recognised the guy but forgot his name. He spied the driver ID on the dash and said, “Hi Sunil,” and he gave an address that caused Sunil to smile.



Chapter 12


“Where I grew up we called acne Love Bites with Cream!” - Hugh Janus.


Janus dismissed Sunil and turned from the taxi to familiar welcome lights flashing vivaciously over a featureless building. The familiar door-buzzer sounded inside Janus’s head a moment before his finger touched it. The door of the brothel slowly opened. A sultry deep voice with a quaint accent hit Janus, as a warm waft of scent-laden air wrapped round his face.

“Hello-o-o Darling! Come In.”

Janus was greeted not by the usual chubby, dyed-blonde. This new boss-girl was stacked on treacherously high heels that made her seem shorter than she was, with a short black skirt and short red hair. This Asian red-head with a ballooned bust moved like a sleazy cartoon super-lady. Elongated red nails made her hands look deformed as she threatened her friendly smile with a cigarette, before waving the cigarette in the air and exhaling smoke, an oriental femme fatale.

“And how can we help Sir this evening? Shall I bring out our beautiful girls? We have three lovely girls tonight. Very friendly, special girls…. guaranteed to give Sir a wonderful time.”

Her round, brown eyes slightly skewed as they met his, maybe she could tell he was stoned. She scared him. Maybe she was stoned. There was something unnatural the way she looked, the sort of woman you could never tell what she was thinking. They were all the same.

Janus did not feel right. His head span slowly. She ushered him into the red ante-room and Janus asked to see Paris. It was too long since he had. Hunger for her comfort beat in his breast and warmed him elsewhere.

“Paris? Hm-m-m… No Paris. You like young girl or mature woman?”

Janus explained he had come to see Paris and he would come back another time.  The long-nailed redhead politely escorted him to the door and invited him to return anytime.

In thanking her and saying he would think about it, Janus forgot to ask her to call him a taxi. He eyed the door shut in his face and he looked round. There at the kerb, he saw Sunil’s cab parked as though awaiting him. Janus slipped into the front seat, feeling disgruntled and hanging out for solace. Without looking at Sunil, he gave Blanche Appelby’s address. The cab sped off in the opposite direction and swerved almost immediately into an unlit alley-way where it screeched to a standstill at the dead end.  Janus smacked into the dash. Sunil killed the headlights, turned off the motor and silenced the cab radio. He produced a pistol, holding it at gut level and grinned at Janus, squinting with both eyes in a sadistically amused way. A bright red spot gleamed on Sunil’s brow between his eyes. Janus saw it for the first time and remembered he met the guy at Henri’s New Year party. Sunil was one of the Indian quacks henchmen, but so what. Janus arched in terror hard back against the door panel with his hands raised timidly, his mouth and eyes wide.

Janus stared at the big barrel. His heart beat insanely. A quaint, tremulous sound came from his throat. Ridiculously, he had a flashing thought - it was funny…. a passenger gets robbed at gunpoint…. by his own cab driver…. and…

“Okay? Now listen carefully to me Mr Janus. Not a word. Just open your mouth very wide and listen…. Keep your hands up there just like that.”

Janus shivered and breathed in panic, the barrel encroached near his face. His lips parted more. His fingertips scraped the cloth roof-lining of the cab. Cold metal scraped his teeth and brushed his tongue. The hand of a man who once shook his, now held a gun in his mouth. It was no comedy routine. The tang of cold metal shocked Janus until his blood chilled at the blurred sight of the gunman’s slowly squeezing finger, inches from his face.

SMACK!!!!

The trigger clicked loud. With a sudden jolt of the pistol, the mechanism clanked with force inside his mouth and chipped his teeth without firing a shot. Janus died inside himself. Instantaneously his heart stopped beating and his mind went blank. Yet he began again to breathe as he felt his heart with a painful wrench beat again… unharmed. And Sunil’s voice rang in his ear clear as the echo of the unheard gunshot, ringing. Hissing static charged Janus’s mind.

“That’s a warning! Next time it will be loaded,” Sunil slipped the pistol out of sight. “You are a very lucky man…. a very lucky man, indeed. Your life has been spared by Mr Kaye. Mr Kaye has spoken on your behalf and my employer has listened. Now it is your turn to listen. Do you understand?”

Janus gripped his fists tight with explosive unthinking anger. Then he heard another voice from behind.

He and Sunil were not alone, as a huge hand grasped his hair from behind, forcing him to look upward at the roof lining, almost separating his vertebrae, near snapping his spinal cord. Coloured lights flashed in his brain and he gagged for oxygen as his windpipe kinked.

“Please do not try to turn your head, Mr Janus,” said the unrecognisable voice politely.

Janus could not tell from the accent what colour it was.

“Your life is still not guaranteed.”

The grip on his hair eased.

Janus gagged on saliva in his dry throat and sucked for breath as the voice stated soothingly, “Mr Kaye needs to speak to you urgently… immediately!”

“This is crazy,” Janus gasped. “What’s it all about?”

“All your questions will be answered by Mr Henri Kaye at the nightclub,” the voice from the back seat intoned.

Janus could not believe Henri was so screwed up about a man going to a brothel behind his wife’s back. His hair was released. Again Janus saw Sunil smiling at him.

“Do you understand? Is it your wish for us to take you there now for you to speak to Mr Kaye… with no further delay? Is that your wish, or do I blow your fucking head off right here now?”

Janus nodded to each of the three questions, and whimpered yes with tears of fear trickling from his eyes.

*

Outside Henri’s Club, the cab door opened. Janus slid out. He stood on legs of jelly, afraid to turn round. His senses were gripped by the flickering of the street awash with night lights, and the clack-clack of heels on pavement, the whir of rubber tread on bitumen, the bite of a breeze on his face, the electric flavour of stale saliva on his tongue. He stunk of sweat and his head ached, his itch howled and his spit tasted of oily cold metal. The cab door slammed behind him in the dead-quiet deserted street, the cab drove away with the madmen inside.

Janus gingerly ventured into the dark Club stairway. He crept down to he knew not what. Behind the curtain at the Club entrance, crowded by shadows of chairs upturned on tables, at his usual table, clouded by smoke in the glowing haze of a single light, with the dark shapes of thugs behind him, Henri sat, glumly.

Henri bade Janus with a tragic shake of his head, “Are you really such a stupid fool? Do you have any idea the trouble you have caused?”

“So?  I was at a brothel. Is that such a big deal? That’s no reason….”

“That has nothing to do with it? What business is it of yours to go ringing the cops anyway…. Any cops, let alone the Feds, for fuck sake? You dumb….”

Henri humiliated Janus mercilessly. Janus feigned ignorance, but he gave up when it was clear Henri knew all about the phone call.

“I didn’t want to cause any hassles for anybody....” Janus soon said. “I didn’t think that…”

“Don’t…. don’t waste my time, you idiot. If I hadn’t stepped in you would be rat-shit in a drain somewhere right now. I’ve had to make a total fool of myself to pull you out of your own shit…you…you… You know you almost set the dogs loose on a friend of mine. Why? And why shouldn’t I just turn you over to Imran’s boys like I would if I had any brains, and if Deanna wasn’t such a….”

“I don’t know….” Janus began to explain. And his eyes met Deanna standing behind the thugs. “It was a…. I was just…. you know…..”

Janus saw beside his wife the figure of a vaguely familiar Indian-looking man. Then he heard footsteps enter from behind. Henri nodded with a grunt. A brief chuckle ended suddenly. Janus heard in the darkness, a murmur of acknowledgement too; then Sunil, the cab driver appeared in from the entrance…..

“Shut up shit-head,” Henri snarled at Janus. “I’m not wasting time on you. You ought to be dead…. you’re worthless alive…. but you are lucky your wife is too busy to deal with the paperwork for a missing husband. Maybe the silly bitch has a soft spot for you.”

Henri lowered his voice grimly, “The rest of us don’t!”

Janus scanned the faces of the otherwise silent audience. In Deanna’s direction his gaze lingered, a helpless, beseeching expression on his face. She showed no sympathy, no care or any emotion for that matter, as Henri’s voice commanded instant attention, “So, you understand?”

Janus face showed he truly did not understand, under layers of fear and trepidation.

“It’s time to pay for your phone call….” Henri emphasised each word with menace.

“I understand. I probably shouldn’t have done it, but I was screwed up and crazy, and I was worried about this kid that….”

Janus heard Deanna voice in the background, “You compromised me. I ought to top you myself.”

“What kid?” Henri growled. “There is no kid? You idiot! Show him there’s no fucking kid.”

The two thugs stepped forward and one set about Janus with his fists at first, while Janus squealed and tried to block the blows with his arms to protect his head only for the impact to unexpectedly crack into his ribs and rip into his kidneys, or otherwise they hammered at his face or the side of his skull when he lowered his guard. Curling like a beaten cur he flung himself defensively to the floor and a kick in the guts turned his squeals to cries, and he bawled for Henri to halt the torture….

“Please Henri! Tell him to stop! He’s killing me!” Janus begged and howled.

With more blows he screeched like a rape victim. “I’ll do anything you want!

Anything you say! Oh-h-h Henri-i-i-i!!! Stop IT!!!”

“Okay, cut it out!” Janus heard Deanna say, “That’s enough!”

He looked up to her through the bruise of one eye, the other blinded by blood from a split brow, more streaming from his mouth and nose. He struggled to his hands and knees. Deanna towered above him, grim-faced and her hands on her hips. As far as vicious beatings go it was a mild one, whatever Janus might think about it. Deanna shook her head at his pulverised face gaping at her. She was repulsed more by the sight of his cowardly gratitude.

“Baby….” Janus cried, raising a trembling hand to indicate his face, and cringing away from the nearest thug. “Wh-wh-wh….”

“Don’t Baby me,” she said.

 “He almost knocked my teeth out….”

“You are lucky to still have that big mouth of yours to keep any teeth in,” she snapped, “You brainless fucking waste-of-energy…”

Henri shook his head in deeper disgust, as Janus cried to his wife, “I don’t deserve this. Look what they’ve done….”

“Don’t worry, I saw it all,” she sneered.

“And you just watched?” Janus cried.

The two thugs stepped back, impassively watching, with the scuffed knuckles of one beginning to slowly show a little blood.

“You just stood there…. And watched them do that to me?” Janus sobbed on the floor.

“Not all of it,” she replied resentfully. “When you started crying like a little girl I had to look away. You don’t deserve it, but Uncle Henri has just saved you your skin. That little beating you took was part of the deal. I trust our good friend will be satisfied….”

Deanna turned to Henri and Sunil in turn, Henri shrugged and the crazy cab-driver consulted with the mysterious dark figure. Sunil nodded with a smirk. The other dark man shrugged noncommittally and smiled and reached into his pocket. Janus freaked, until the man pulled out a handkerchief and blew his nose.

Henri groaned as though grieved to waste his time, “Consider this your re-education! Now, all you must do is pass the exam - by keeping that big fuck-hole of a mouth of yours shut! Do you think I can rely on you for that? ”

Janus nodded slowly, his hands clasped between his thighs…

“Are you sure, you dumb cunt! You are more fucking trouble than you’re worth, you stupid…”

Henri spat at the carpet near Janus, and he burst into a vicious diatribe in a foreign tongue that blazed with spit and fire. Janus took it like a chained and muzzled hound where he kneeled with his head bowed and nodding, dribbling a string of bloody spit, his chest heaving with sobs. After that…. followed by more mouthfuls of abuse, with Janus meekly copping it from both Deanna and Henri…. Henri told Janus to fuck off.

Janus timidly blubbered, “Where to?”

Deanna said, “Just fuck off! Go to whatever it is you do. And when you come crawling back home, don’t get blood on the couch or the carpet. Or I’ll scrub it off with your balls.”

“What about my face?”

“Take it with you,” Deanna growled. “Go and wash it first. You look a fright. Here….”

She flung a paper boutique bag at him.

“Don’t worry about him,” Janus heard Deanna mutter behind him, as he staggered toward the back toilets. “He’ll be okay now. He just needed to be woken up. You have my guarantee.”

“Bah,” Henri growled to Deanna, “Look at the punk! He’s nothing but a pain in the arse!”

Half under her breath Deanna muttered sadly, “Yeah, but he’s my pain in the arse.”

*

Janus stumbled through the dark back passageway to the door into the toilet block, leaving smears of blood on the door and wall, blubbering and clutching the paper bag. In the bag he found a change of his clothes from home, and a foil strip of paracetamol tabs; Deanna’s sense of humour, obviously. He dumped the tablets in the waste bin. He cried in shame and pain and despair as he half threw up. He washed off blood and bile from his face and stared in the mirror. He spat blood in the basin and he cursed.

Except for the shallow split in his eyebrow, the damage didn’t look so bad, though the bones in his cheek and his nose and his hand, and his ribs and leg-bones throbbed, and his throat felt torn by his desperate screeches for mercy. His ass itched violently as never before. He tore off his bloody clothes and changed. He wet a clean corner of his otherwise bloody T-shirt and dabbed the cooling cloth on his burning anus.  In the jaundiced glow of dusty lights above, Janus muttered empty threats, he flung his bloodied rags into the plastic-lined wire trash bin, his heart beat like that of a flogged dog afraid of more. Above the wild ringing in his ears like alarm bells he heard a strange noise that he realised was his heart pounding in panic still, and he sobbed and sobbed clinging to the basin until he had no energy anymore to pity himself.

When he slunk back into the depths of the Club it all seemed back to normal, so normal, with no sign of Sunil, the other dark guy or Deanna. Henri sat sedately in a luminous haze of smoke with stone-faced thugs behind him like nothing had happened and the table before him littered with Henri’s treasured filth. Janus glanced for blood-stains on the carpet.

“Here,” Henri said, gesturing with a fan of 100 dollar notes. “Go get fixed up. You look like you need it….. but…. don’t forget what I told you. You know you done wrong. You slipped up. Now you know better. Keep that gaping hole in your face shut or it will have two little pals - one in either side of your cunt of a head.”

Henri gestured with a finger to a point in the centre of his own forehead, and he snarled, “In right here, and pwoof!!! out the back.”

Henri flung the money in the air at Janus. Janus stared where the notes fell.

Stick it up your ass, you insane old sadist, Janus choked on the thought, as Henri shook the cash at him and then threw it, but the words never reached Janus’s mouth.

Janus descended to his knees and cried painfully, Argh…. as he gathered the hundreds scattered on the carpet.

“Thanks,” he said meekly as he rose ungainly from the floor. “I’m sorry, Henri. I really am. I’ve learned my lesson.”

As directed, Janus departed the Club, upstairs out into a heartless city, awkward on uneven pavement, leaning against the cool plate-glass of a shopfront, he sagged, his head in faint swoon. A passing couple stepped aside with shared disapproval, staring at him. Janus saw a cab and threw himself into an alcove, flat against the wall, peering round the corner with his blurry eye.

Phew, the driver was not Sunil. Janus missed that cab, and he hailed the following cab with one arm and the other dangling, the cab slowed, the driver stared and drove on.

Twice more the same happened and Janus found a public phone. With a pocket full of hundred buck bills he had not a coin for a call. Throwing aside pride he asked passers-by for a coin. They tried to avoid him. One guy gave him two coins and wished him luck. Janus embarrassed the guy with gratitude. Somehow with stiff fingers he managed to reach Blanche Appleby’s number. While he juggled the phone-piece he noticed the figure of a man sink into the shadows alongside a dark car parked down the road.

“Shit, man,” the voice of Blanche gasped in the earpiece.

She gave a cough and swallowed.

“What’s going on? You’re lucky I even picked up the phone. I’m having trouble sleeping. I’m here if you feel like it.”

Janus cried he was in a fix. He told her he was desperate, and begged her to drive into town and pick him up. She tried to explain it was impossible, she was too smashed to drive even if she wanted to.

“Plea-ea-eas-ease….” Janus cried forlornly as he heard Blanche ring off.

*

Janus managed to hail a cab by waving a fistful of cash in the air. That was the kind of world he found himself in, where everything was a substitute for something else, but there was no substitute for money.

He checked out the cab’s rear window as it swerved from a standstill into the stream of traffic. Janus saw a dark car pull out from the kerb behind them. Janus asked the cabbie to step on it, but the guy didn’t go much faster. All the way the cab driver eyed Janus like he might be an escaped mental patient, sticking to main roads that doubled the length of the ride and the fare, and repeatedly reporting his position to base over the two-way radio.

“Have a hard night?” the cabbie asked, and Janus grunted, “Yeah…”

When he got there Janus paid the fare with one of Henri’s hundreds but the guy didn’t have change.

“Forget it,” Janus grumbled, it was only money. For a man who had narrowly escaped with his life fifty-odd bucks meant zilch. He saw the dark car had followed and it parked far down the road with lights off. Let them follow me, he thought. That would be Henri’s little game, or Imran’s maybe, or Deanna’s. Fuck them all!

Crippled with soreness he staggered up the path and banged his foot on Blanche Appleby’s front door….

“Who is it?” Janus heard her call out.

He heard the sound of a scuffle behind the door, like Blanche was hurrying to get dressed or in a fluster hiding something, as he answered.

Blanche stared through the crack in the partly opened doorway. She gave a grim gasp at what she saw.  Janus was pleased to make such a dramatic impression as the door fully opened.

“What happened to you?”

She stepped aside and let him in.

“Have you been in a fight or something? You obviously lost. Are you okay?”

“Don’t worry,” Janus said toughly. “I didn’t lose this.”

He waved a couple of hundreds under her nose and Blanche made them disappear.

“Come with me,” she led him to the bathroom and wiped away some fresh blood; not much.

“You’ll be okay,” she said, as she tightly taped the eyebrow cut.

“I think I got a couple of broken ribs….”

“Ha! I’ve seen worse, believe me. I’ve had worse! Your nose isn’t even broken. You’ll be okay in a few days…. maybe with the one little scar. What happened?”

Janus replied, “Forget it. You don’t want to know.”

“Okay,” said Blanche with no further show of curiosity, touching his swollen lips with hers. Janus flinched with pain but wrapped his arm round her and drew the bag of bones of her body against him. Blanche sank into his embrace with a murmur of expert submission. She caressed him with the tenderness of a nurse and pressed him with her soft warmth. He reached round as he kissed her, and in secretive shame scratched madly for a moment at his itchy through the backside of his baggy jeans. Normally the itch only occurred in the night, but now it was all the time. Many times he dreamed he was itching and woke to find he was scratching at it as he slept. The barrier between dream and real life thus blurred. He had steroid ointment from the pharmacy at home which helped but he wasn’t smart enough to carry it with him everywhere. He consoled himself he was fortunate to not be a cripple, like the guy on crutches one night at the Club, or to have a heart attack like poor old Al, or bastard Henri…..

In fact, Janus knew after the events of the night, despite the beating and humiliation, he was lucky to be alive. Things could be worse he thought.

“How are things with you?” Blanche asked. “….apart from your face?”

“They could be a damn sight worse,” he said as he led her down the hall toward the room with her bed.

“You’re not lying,” she agreed.

Blanche Appleby was a good friend of many years that were unkind to her in some ways. She had gone to the pack but her decline was divine, now her former youthful beauty was supplanted by undemanding understanding. Janus loved the ease and efficiency of their harmless friendship. He liked the way she tossed her clothes off and wandered round gathering one thing here, another there, cross-legged on the edge of the bed, preparing a hit….
It surprised Janus when Blanche said in the middle of what she was doing, “I’ve wondered why you act so strange these days? Is it the young girl at the Club you’ve got the hots for?”

She gave a devilish smile, “Don’t tell me it was her jealous boyfriend who did that to you…. was it?”

“Don't be ridiculous. She's a child,” Janus said. “This is nothing. I said forget it.”

“Well,” Blanche finished taking the hit. “It’s none of my business if you don’t want to talk about it….”

To Janus getting beat up was simply one more unfortunate episode in the ongoing saga of Henri’s bullshit. Deanna somehow got drawn into it. It all had to do with that phone call. It made Janus wonder for a while, until Blanche kissed him and said the taste of his blood turned her on. Janus wondered if she meant it, as she quickly tidied up her stuff. She slid her outfit safely in the bedside drawer and slipped her stash into a hiding place. She flung the rubber strapping from round her arm away from the bed. With a groan and grimace Janus now naked settled on the mattress beside her. To Janus it seemed the shit she took had little or no effect on Blanche any more, except her face and voice turned instantly vague as she depressed the plunger, and then grew more muffled and indistinct as she settled in her zone of comfort.

“Maybe it's something else,” Blanche mused. “What about your wife? How are things with her? You shouldn’t come see me if you feel guilty or unfaithful, you know. It does you no good.”

“I’ve got nothing to be guilty about. My wife’s got nothing to do with anything, I've told you before, I’m not unfaithful to Deanna, I’m faithful to myself. Don’t bug me, Blanche. I come here to get away from all that. Sometimes just to talk about nothing is all I need more than anything.”

“Sure,” Blanche laughed hysterically. “Remember the time you thought she had you followed by that bearded goon, and it turned out to be the security guy from your nightclub in disguise? Did you ever find out what that was all about?”

“Shut up, for fucksake!” Janus grabbed Blanche by the throat and squeezed playfully.

Her face turned bright red and her eyes widened, and he grit his teeth, shutting his eyes and gasping with pain and let go. Blanche laughed warmly, “That’s not like you.”

Janus then had sex or made love, he wasn’t sure which, or if it made any difference to Blanche. Either way she seemed easy. Maybe after so many years of friendship it was a little of each, sex and love and so many other things…. compassion, understanding, charity and respect, and of course there was the money…. Janus gave up thinking, partly dulled by pleasure, at the same time tortured in the nagging grip of his fiery itch; he held Blanche gently to avoid antagonising his aches and pains; she responded to his unusual tenderness gratefully, but he wondered if he was man enough to cum. At the same time he reached round behind his hip to savage his itch with a clawed finger. The sensation heightened his arousal….

Janus momentarily felt he wasn't even there, just as he knew much of the time Blanche wasn't there either in her way; then with a sudden gush, his ecstasy congealed immediately into regret. Janus returned to his state of battered pain and itch-crazed distraction.

*

Janus found he was relaxing more often with Blanche now in recent times. He wondered if that meant something, and he wondered what had become of Asian Paris. Most of all he was scared to go home. He dreaded to face Deanna again. After what had happened he could not trust her. She was a female Jeckyl and Hyde. He hoped she might be somewhere with Henri, or be working late at the law office or maybe have an appointment with her psychiatrist.

Janus only left Blanche when her snoring grew so he could bear no more. In the early morning he drove across town in a cab, checking out the back window to see the dark car behind hanging on his tail. At the house, Janus paid with a $100 bill for a less-than-$50 taxi fare for the second time. He was convinced cab-drivers kept their cash stashed away so they didn’t have to give change. And the guy on his tail parked down the road.

Janus stared at his home like a thief casing the scene before a heist. He sneaked in through the back and with dread he tip-toed to check every room and cupboard, silently easing doors closed behind him, wherever a thug might hide. He found Deanna asleep as though nothing ever happened. He lay beside her so to not disturb her. Soon she murmured and rolled toward him wrapping herself in close and holding him firmly with her arm. He froze and listened with the edge of his nerves as she whispered, “You’re late. I was worried about you. I’m glad you’re here.”

“You’re crazy,” he almost choked with suppressed rage. “Last night was the …. “

“We’ll talk about it later. Make love to me,” she whispered.

The touch of her lips hurt his ear but he did not flinch. With deep breath he calmed, preparing to tell her what he thought. But he knew not where to begin; nor what to say. There was no point he could see. Arguing usually pleased her. Rather than reject her advances and possibly provoke her, he reached round and stroked her thigh. He fought against the almost overpowering desire to scratch his itch. He squirmed to face Deanna in the darkness and embrace her in anger, and he grumbled, “No kissing. My face is too sore.”

“You poor darling, Hugh,” she cooed, and sliding her breasts cloaked in slimy silk down his thighs, stroked the bulge of his belly with her fingers. “Can I kiss you down here, my poor darling boy?”

She was a mystery he had no power to understand at all.

She whispered, “Ooh your flavour is so strong. M-m-m-m and so smooth and creamy… and rubbery…. how lovely-y-y-y….”

His thoughts were abominable. In them she was a spider, devouring him alive before mating. He was incapable of responding to her as a man, but she wasn’t off-put, tickling with her lips and tongue, intermingled with whispers of sweet comfort and reassurance.

“You do mean a lot to me. Don’t forget that,” she said. “No matter what!”

He gave a meaningless laugh and pretended to stroke her hair, bracing her head to pump in rhythm with his rocking hips. He felt the glacier of reason melting…. and by morning when he woke she was leaving for work, with a departing whisper in his ear as he lay stonily pretending to sleep.

“I will always stand by you if you don’t let me down,” she whispered.

*

Janus checked his face several times next day - and for all the pain and humiliation inflicted on him there was little sign, apart from the plaster above his eye, a bit of blood here and there, blood still in his nostrils and showing through splits in his lip, a few patches of grazing and bruises and two blackened eyes, the worst of which barely opened. But the damage looked not as serious as it felt. Henri summed it up in three words when he saw Janus.

“Not so bad!” he said.

Others took a lot more notice.

“What happened to you?” Candy almost choked with concern.

She looked shocked. Mandy seemed to say the same with the look on her face, but not a word. Al showed no surprise at all, he merely enquired likewise, and joked with a rascally smile, “She was worth it I hope.”

Marty seemed happy when he saw Janus and he chuckled, “Whatever happened to you? I bet you deserved it. Now you see how it feels, buddy.”

*

Daisy didn’t ask a thing. When she saw Janus she looked sad and patted him on the back. She briefly rested her head on his shoulder in empathy. Maybe she knew what happened. Maybe she didn’t need to know. If anyone might understand it was Daisy, Janus thought. But it made no difference to his act when he appeared on stage. He slid through his sets unthinking. His face glowed like raw meat and his blackened eyes contributed to the cadaverous impression that suited his mood. He received more than usual laughs, perhaps from fear of his savage countenance, or pity. It meant nothing to Janus, nor did the absence of heckling. He simply did not care anymore. After performing he had no idea what he did. He was not in the moment at all. He had too much else to think about.

He looked forward to relaxing with Blanche after the show, before he had to go home and face Deanna. Deanna was right in so many things she said the night of his bashing.

Janus did not look forward to hearing more of that crap. He had a little left of the money from Henri, minus what the thieving cabbies took, and less the few hundreds that sweetened Blanche. He smiled dismally.

Ready to leave the Club he tossed down the end of his last drink at Henri’s table. He glared at the thugs standing behind Henri. He was annoyed by the big one with the knuckles of his right hand covered in tape ignoring him. Janus felt an impulse to pick a bottle from the table and smash it across the mug’s moosh.

Janus stood, he turned his head toward the exit, and with the look of a man slapped across the face with a wet fish he saw his wife walk into the Club. She was dressed in a business suit so tight if she were a man it would have cut her balls in half. Deanna watched Janus with sad eyes. She shook her head.

“You look terrible,” she said to him; then to Janus and Henri both with a sweeping glance, she said, “You bastards are pissed!”

Inwardly Janus sank and deflation showed on his face. He wondered if now his chance of seeing Blanche was gone. Henri's grin grew wide spotting Janus’s sudden discomfort at Deanna’s unexpected arrival.

Deanna said, “What’s up with you?”

And without waiting for a reply she dragged a chair toward her and slumped on it.

“What a day!”

She whipped a carved silver container from her handbag and set to rolling a joint, delicately licking the rice papers and constructing a four-paper skin. 

“What are you two ugly old boys drinking?” Deanna asked.

It was plain to see on the table in front of her what they were drinking. Neither man replied, knowing it was only her preamble to ask for something different.

“Get me the other vodka will you, Hugh? You know the one I like. Not that communist shit. Grab the stuff he gets from Finland. Be a love, bring the bottle. I’ve had a pox day after cleaning up after your little poo-poo last night…. among other things.”

She heated a small block of hashish till it smoked sweetly and crumbled the warmed dust into a strip of tobacco before deftly rolling the papers with her fingers and thumbs.

“Ah-h-h! Young love! It’s beautiful,” Henri smirked as Deanna ripped a business card and constructed a makeshift filter, “Ah-may-zing things a young woman-in-love will do for a man.”

Deanna lit one of the joints and gasped to capture the smoke in her lungs.

“Young? You must be joking, Uncle Henri. I’ll be fifty next month. Or do you forget? Have you thought of buying me a birthday present for a change?”

“Of course not,” Henri reached out and caressed her hand. “I haven’t forgotten.”

She whipped her arm close to her breast, beyond reach of his clammy paw and she squirmed with a look of revulsion.  She handed the joint to Janus and he sucked on it with tight lips on his way to the bar. Henri's face expanded as he looked beyond Deanna. She turned to see two strangers, a middle-aged man with the look of a roguish cop in an expensive suit wearing dark glasses, followed close behind by a neatly-dressed skinhead with a neck like a young bull. On the skinhead’s thick neck the cliché Carpe Diem was tattooed in fancy cursive script.

The thugs behind Henri stepped forward as one, until Henri half-raised his hand and greeted the newcomers.

“Come in guys, you’re early,” Henri gushed. “That’s fantastic. Everything is ready for you. No problems. It's all-go.”

Henri turned his face but not his eyes to Deanna and quipped aside, “I gave you your birthday present last night, do you remember? It’s over at the bar now getting you a drink.”

“Hey,” Henri motioned the newcomer to Janus’s vacant chair.

The middle-aged man in dark glasses nodded and sat, he wiped his mouth with a white handkerchief. The young bald one stared about, his menacing gaze latched on Janus returning from the bar with a bottle of Finn vodka and a glass. The glass rattled with rocks of ice. The young tough sneered appreciatively at Janus’s battle-worn face, as the comic set the glass before Deanna. She plucked the joint from between his fingers and grabbed the bottle with her other hand.

“Don’t worry about the young lovers,” Henri laughed, waving his cigar at Janus and Deanna. “They are just leaving.”

Deanna emptied the ice cubes onto the floor and partly filled the glass with vodka. She took her sweet time to drink it, packing her belongings and finishing the joint. She carried the bottle of vodka under her arm when they left. As she drove home she took a blast of it now and then. Between swigs she passed the bottle to Janus for “safety sake”. If she meant the safety of the bottle, or her driving, Janus was not sure.

Out of the blue, Deanna lit another joint and asked Janus, “Do you want to come to see Paris with me?”

“Are you joking?” he gasped. His thoughts flew off in a dozen directions like a flock of pigeons startled by a gunshot. Was it not over? He did not want to drag Paris into it.

Deanna thought about Paris while she drove. She handed Janus the smouldering spliff. She was driving sedately, uncharacteristically. Janus glanced out the rear window, thinking maybe they were being followed by a cop car. He saw none. Maybe she was just happy with herself. Women get like that sometimes, and it worried him a little.

“I might have to fly there next year to sort out one of Henri’s fuck ups. It should take no more than a week. After that we could go stay a few days, down on the coast. I have a gorgeous little house on the hill there. I might not have to go yet. I’m not sure. But it looks like it. We can have a holiday for once in our lives.”

She laughed under her breath, “I think Henri stuffed up on purpose to get me out of the way…. so he can get up to mischief while I’m gone. That’s why I think you should come with me. So I can keep you out of trouble.” 

She cast at Janus a quick friendly smile.

“Uncle Henri is a bastard,” she said, and breathing deeply added. “And so are you!”

Janus held his breath hard and let the comment drop. It was excellent hash. He was ripped and his mind revved. It reminded him of a time he tripped on poisoned mushrooms. Thanks to the hashish his brain swelled in his skull. It seemed to drain the dead blood from his bruises. He pictured Blanche being disappointed that he failed to turn up with no explanation. But in his heart Janus felt the happiest man on earth. He was half smashed as with every heartbeat the effect of the hashish surged through his brain to the surface of his skin where it sparkled in his nerve-endings.

On a good night performing in front of an audience he felt almost the same. It was better than sex, or nearly as good. It all depended on many things. Just like the first impact of great hash. He remembered years ago telling Blanche that performing was as good as sex and she said, “That's because you're getting old. I bet you wouldn't say the same thing if you went for a couple of months without a fuck. Ha-ha-ha….”

Janus remembered that girl, the one before Maria…. and Candy…. Lola was her name, a cute little wide-hipped hippie chick with a throat he never found the end to. Janus liked her because she didn’t give a damn. But a temper, holy Moses, she had a tongue that spat nails when angered. But when Janus was on stage and she was behind the bar she laughed so hard and loud it brought the house down. He loved that! Henri often warned Lola behind the bar to shut up but she took no notice. The only concern was when they were alone together she often farted helplessly when she laughed. She couldn’t help it, the cute little chubby Argentinian fire-ant. He wondered what became of her after idiot Marty dobbed her in and Deanna made Henri get rid of her.

“What are you laughing at?” Deanna asked, softly changing gear, and slowing to allow a slow vehicle to merge into her lane. “Here give me that bottle.”

Janus mumbled he just thought of a joke and handed Deanna the bottle. His mind drifted back to his thoughts, as his eyes vaguely soaked in the coloured lights flying by the windshield, and he remembered Blanche saying in those old days, “Once upon a time you used to feel the same about me, or at least thought you did.”

“I feel exactly the same now,” Janus told Blanche not so long ago. “Just it's different. But nothing is quite the same as hitting it with an audience. It's sort of religious.... like I mean transcendental….”

Without warning, Janus was flung forward, a four-wheel-drive tank cut in front of Deanna as though she weren't there, and she slammed on the brakes and swerved viciously, blasting on the horn and yelling. The seatbelt dug into Janus, jolting him suddenly back to where he physically was. The joint slipped from his fingers to the carpeted floor.

“How did your show go?” Deanna asked, cool after the near collision.

Janus checked out her face with suspicion. The show had gone well. He knew he was getting better, so he said it. He did not mention that his home life was perhaps less so. He did not ask if he could ever trust her again. He remembered how grateful he was in the past when she stopped calling him the midnight rapist, never realising one day she would stand by while a pair of thugs gave him a vicious kicking. He pined for days long gone when his only worry was her nagging about his comedy act. He fished round and retrieved the joint from the car floor and puffed it back to life and he watched the lights and colours fly by, filling his lungs.

For all her psycho-analysis Deanna was only becoming more neurotic. Despite her politeness in public, in private she carped and nagged, sometimes she screamed, and not to mention just standing by without lifting a finger when a gang of thugs beat his head in.

“Grow up! You’re wasting your life with your so-called comedy!” Deanna’s words echoed through the years.

Janus shook his head ruefully as Deanna drove. He sat blinking in silence at the world flying by.

“It’s not comedy to me,” Janus protested in those good old days.

He remembered it well…. every stupid insult.

“It’s my life. It’s the shit I do,” he protested. “The same as yours all that shit you do. It’s my profession.”

And her interminable argument was, “The difference is the shit I do, as you call it, happens to put a roof over our heads and feed us.”

That was her line.

“Give it a rest,” he often groaned in despair.

All the senseless bickering came back to him. It almost spoiled being stoned. But being stoned dulled the sharp-edged recollections and made them almost bearable, almost ludicrous in a way. Luckily Deanna’s complaints never changed anything.

Janus gave a laugh. Now the lights of the city whirled pleasantly. Deanna always claimed she hated arguments, and she said she knew he knew it. All the while she appeared to thrive on them. In times when arguments reached their heights, Deanna stayed out all night to escape them. And when she returned in the morning, it annoyed her that Janus did not ask where she had been.

“I respect you,” he told her in those good old days. “You don’t answer to me. I’m not your boss.”

He did not sulk or complain. He prided himself on that. He did worse, Deanna said. She claimed Janus acted like his failure was a form of success, a badge of honour. And he admitted it, if by that she meant a badge of artistic integrity….

Then with a gust of cold air, real time once again intruded. Deanna slammed opened the car door and growled at Janus to wake up and get out of the car or she would leave him there all night to freeze his good-for nothing ass off in the driveway. He realised then, the one thing he most of all wanted…. that which he so craved, it was now given to him. He felt incredibly relaxed, at peace and in relief… it had stopped at last… at last, he was free of it, the torture had ceased… his ass had miraculously stopped itching. It was the effect of the hashish, he had no doubt.

“Do you feel okay?” Deanna asked with concern. “You look sick.”

“I feel great. I feel fabulous…. absolutely great. You have no idea,” Janus laughed. “You, have no idea.”

“What do you think of Paris?” Deanna asked.

“Never heard of her….” Janus laughed boldly.

He wondered what became of Paris, and where she was now….

Then, he noticed Deanna’s inquisitive smile and with a flustered blush he said, “I mean yeah, I’d like to go there….if you want me to come with you.”

“What do you mean: you never heard of her…. her who?”

“Oh that was nothing,” said Janus. “I was thinking of something else. Do want a drink before we go to bed?”

Deanna liked to think she wasn’t stupid. Obviously Janus had something to hide about some woman called Paris. It should be an easy enough name to trace; not a common name and not the name you’d necessarily expect to find attached to the respectable girl next door.  Knowing Janus, Deanna figured it would be worth asking Sunil if he knew of any working girls by that name round one of his uncle’s “houses” or one of a hundred others round the place. In the meantime, sure, a drink would be nice….

*

Arriving inside the house and settling down to finish the vodka with a little lime juice and soda and a few hash joints, Janus relaxed with his feet on the coffee table, while Deanna massaged his hand. She said they should plan to take a holiday each year; it was silly to work so hard all the time. She felt she had been ignoring him. Maybe that’s what had led to the recent troubles. She blamed herself partly.

Only partly? Janus blamed her entirely.

While they were discussing their future together, Janus hinted the beating he suffered had injured his confidence in her. Deanna argued that she was not an unreasonable woman.

“…not at all. I really only want one thing from a man,” she said.

“Oh well, if you’re going to be fussy…” Janus joked, with an awkward laugh; but he did not feel like joking.

He said, “Seriously, I never criticise a thing you do. I don’t complain about what you don’t do. Never! And no matter what! You know that…. But…”

The expression on Deanna’s face was as if to say, so what?

“It’s your life,” Janus told her. 

A sad thoughtfulness possessed the features of her face.

“My life?” she seemed much younger and many years older in the moment.

“Humph! What’s the point of it?”

“The point of what…?”

“The point of life…”

Janus laughed, “The point of life comes at the end, like the pointy end of a lump of shit. We shall wait and see. We only live once. Why can’t we at least live the way we want?”

“What? Just you… or both of us?”

He ignored her Perry Mason tactics. If she wanted to play games he would not play along. She felt the same. All she wanted to know was who was Paris? The mystery amused her and she smiled as she listened to Janus’s stoned raving….

“If being a lawyer makes you happy, I’m happy for you to do it,” he said. “And all that other mischief you get up to with Henri. I never interfere. If it makes you happy, that’s okay with me. So why is my happiness such a drag for you? Can you explain that?”

He put up with her smiling. Sometimes she acted so superior. Perhaps if she stopped smoking dope and doing speed all day things might be different. But last time he mentioned it she said being stoned was the only way she could handle her constant disappointment in him, so this time he said nothing. It reminded him of old arguments over the years, in the car, at the Club, in restaurants, everywhere. Not to mention the ding-dong battles at home.

Like now, Janus felt the warning signs again, as Deanna playfully asked him to give her one reason she should not divorce him, especially after he was sneaking behind her back to see old junkie women and prostitutes, and could not even keep his filthy hands off the bar staff…

“Only one,” Janus tried to set the record straight. His memory of Deanna going on like a broken record about divorce put an end for the moment to Janus’s attempts at friendly conversation. Deanna sat smiling a while, then she leaned forward and gripped Janus by the hand, she locked eye-contact on him, still smiling.

“Now let’s talk about Paris….” she said….



Chapter 13


“I went to such a low-class school, instead of handing out milk at recess time 
they gave out cigarettes.” - Hugh Janus.


The thing about Deanna for Janus was she had this superpower type of thing, when she looked him eye to eye. He found it impossible to lie.

Not that there was any hope of lying to her. He gave up without a struggle. He told her all about Paris, except the good bits, and Deanna laughed herself silly. So long as she was happy Janus had no reason to complain.

“You poor, silly little man,” Deanna hugged his head.

Janus let his mind wander as she spoke to him like a child. She mocked his inability to control himself in any way at all. But, how could she be angry with such a pathetic fool.

*

Life showed its treacherous face feature by feature that fateful year, following the night Daisy stabbed Henri. Janus till then never doubted himself. Everything changed on account of the stupid phone call to the Feds – the one time in his life he tried to do the right thing. He partly blamed Paris for that.

His beating at the hands of Henri’s thug was not the first sign of things getting out of control. But it was the first sign Janus noticed, that his life was lurching toward something he could not see coming. Until then he treated life as a game. He treated Henri as a joke, a rotund cuddly bear of a man with a short fuse. Janus found out the hard way, long ago, about the short fuse, one of Henri’s less pleasant characteristics.

The thing about Henri for Janus was simply brute force. Henri gave Janus a sudden awakening in his early days on stage. Janus had innocently used a “piece” that came to him in a dream. In the dream he dreamed he hit the big-time. He dreamed he was an international success appearing in Las Vegas. It was a senseless, happy fantasy; he had no interest in celebrity bullshit, it was too false; but in the dream he felt it so real he almost cried with disappointment to wake up busting for a piss in the early morning, and the cold realisation hit him. His success and his happiness was only a dream.

He cried back to sleep. Later in the morning, when he woke for the second time, he managed to remember only parts of the dream, but in particular, he recalled one gag he performed in the main theatre of a huge glittering casino….

“There is this Jewish guy in ancient olden times who gets burned at the stake during the Spanish Inquisition. And he goes to Heaven and he says to God, Father, why have I been so cruelly persecuted and burned alive? And God says, Oh, my son that is because you are a Jew.

“Then the same sort of thing happens to hundreds of thousands of guys in England and other places in Europe for hundreds of years. And always the guys ask God the same question, Father, why have I been so cruelly persecuted and burned alive? And God gives them all the same answer, Oh, my son that is because you are a Jew.

“Down through the ages God gives the same answer, all the way into modern times. And there is this Jewish guy who gets exterminated by the Nazi’s during the Second World War, and he goes to Heaven and he says to God, Father, why have I been so persecuted and gassed cruelly to death? And God says, Oh, my son that is because you are a Jew.

“Then fifty years later there is some Palestinian guy, a Muslim, walking through a refugee camp some place in Gaza and Israeli missiles start zeroing in on the joint. There’s an explosion and a burning school collapses on the guy and he gets buried alive. The guy slowly burns to death under the smouldering bricks.

“When he goes to Heaven, the Muslim guy says to God, Father, why have I been so persecuted and buried under rubble and burned alive.

“And God says to the guy, Hey, my son that’s because you are not a Jew!”

The first and last time Janus did this bit in his act, Henri went berserk. It was bad enough no one much laughed. But when Janus left the stage, Henri belted into him behind the curtain while club patrons on the other side of the thick velvet drape carried on drinking and smoking, talking over the drone of background music and clink of glasses, oblivious to the entertainment hidden behind stage.

“Stop! Stop it, Henri!” Daisy yelled under her breath with her hand over her mouth in horror, “Don’t kill him!”

Big, lumpy Henri savaged his knuckles into all parts of Janus, head, body and shadow, often with glancing blows and sometimes missing altogether in furious rage, but hard blows. Daisy groaned.

“Henri! Not again! Oh no! Please!”

Henri collapsed exhaustedly, sprawled atop and all over Janus. The two men wrapped their arms round each other. Janus sobbed, trying to break free and Henri grunted, trying to break Janus in two. When Henri gasped and collapsed in the grip of violent palpitations Janus and Daisy helped him to his feet. Henri grabbed Janus by the ripped T-shirt and dragged him to his rat-hole office. It was more of a junk room, with an ancient half-desk jammed between service pipes and boxes of toilet rolls and such. Henri rarely used the so-called office because he was almost too fat to squeeze in with the junk. The two men crushed close together in the small space.

“You don’t do that shit again, and nothing… not anything like it. You understand?” Henri huffed and puffed. “I’m telling you just once. You don’t do jokes about my people. That’s all, as simple as that. Otherwise fuck off now before I put a bullet in your head.”

Henri slid open the desk draw and drew out a handgun. He jammed the muzzle against Janus in the neck.

“I mean it, my son. Don’t ever tempt me. Don’t think this would be the first time either. I’m not afraid to do it, you smart-ass schmuck.”

Janus was afraid to mention the incident to Deanna, or Blanche or anyone else, but he often thought of it when he saw Daisy smearing make-up over her mysterious bruises. At its worst Daisy’s bruising showed as exotic shadows through her stage make up.

If Janus did not love doing his stand up, or if he knew any other way to get a booking in some other venue, he might have abandoned Henri’s Club years before, to get away from the crazy violent old bastard. But as the wise man said, what can't be cured must be endured, and Janus dropped the offending Jewish-bit from his act at Henri’s insistence. It got weak laughs anyway, not like in his dream. The Vegas crowd loved it. They went crazy…

After seeing Henri go crazy over the joke in a different way, Janus continued more carefully in his role of warm-up man, and Henri returned to his affable self. Henri had his own way of seeing the world, and he was entitled to it, he was the boss. Janus respected that. He tried to not upset the old guy, but he continued to pay little attention to Henri’s mad chat, especially when it concerned show business or personal matters.

Henri confided in Janus many times over the years, concerning Daisy, “I am married to the entertainment business, I just fuck the bitch.”

Janus noticed, Henri was now a lot more careful what he said in front of Daisy, after she stabbed him at the party. Even before the stabbing Henri confided to Janus with a wink that he was tired of dealing with Daisy’s mental problems.

“She’s the kind of woman that needs a lot of freedom, but at the same time, strong discipline, like a half-tamed animal,” Henri chuckled. “She loves to be dominated. She needs it. You know what I mean?”

“Not really,” Janus said cagily.

Henri seemed delighted. He slapped Janus on the shoulder.

“At least you're honest,” Henri said. “Here have another drink. You know Daisy is extremely jealous. If I look at another woman she gets sulky. She found nothing but faults in other dancers I auditioned. That’s why she’s the only one. She can’t stand competition. She nagged me. Sometimes she threw tantrums in the Club. You've seen her on the floor here, screaming and kicking her feet like she was possessed. I could have choked her some nights, but what can you do? I'm god-damn over seventy years old!”

More like over eighty, Janus thought. He was unable to imagine Daisy’s tantrums getting far with Henri. Janus recalled Henri’s marital advice many years before, when Henri gave him a fatherly pat on the back….

“You’re part of the family now, my boy,” Henri said when Janus married Deanna. “You are one of us. Well, not one of us really, but listen to my advice. What goes on in a family, stays behind closed doors, you understand?”

Henri pressed his finger to his nose with a conspiratorial wink.

Janus said, “Sure.”

“You keep your mouth shut to outsiders,” Henri told Janus. “That’s our way. You close your door at night, and you keep your voice down. And above all you never, ever, no matter what happens… never hit your woman in public. Never under any circumstances! It looks terrible. You follow me?”

Janus was too scared to say anything but half-nod politely, and Henri laughed madly at some private joke of his own.

Janus guessed in those early days that Henri and Daisy were a far from normal couple. The looks they exchanged suggested deep not always pleasant meanings.

After Daisy stabbed Henri for a New Year’s Eve surprise, Janus realised things between Henri and Daisy were stranger than he imagined. He wondered if Daisy survived as the solo dance star because of her tantrums, or because it saved Henri money, or maybe Henri really was scared of her. Then Henri returned from Israel after his mysterious business trip, before events led to Janus taking a beating, Henri confidentially asked Janus about Daisy. They were alone before the early crowd wandered into the Club.

Al Toogood vacuumed the carpet nearby. Henri’s thugs stood by lifelessly. Henri asked about Daisy again, each time Janus dodged giving a straight answer. He wondered if anyone heard the conversation above the roar of the vacuum cleaner. He wished he couldn’t hear it himself.

“Have you got something to hide?” Henri asked.

“Of course not,” Janus laughed. “I'm not comfortable talking about people's private lives. It's none of my business.”

“I know that’s one good thing about you Janus. Why do you think I trust you? Smell my hands.”

Janus hesitantly sniffed Henri's outstretched cigar-smoked paws. Al Toogood gave Janus a strange look as he walked by dragging away the vacuum cleaner silently behind him.

“Anything??? No smell of death? Nothing strange??? The bitch says my hands smell of death. She's crazy! She knows nothing.”

Janus was totally confused. He was embarrassed to be seen sniffing the boss’s hands like some idiot pooch. He said he smelled nothing at all, and Henri said that was good. He lowered his voice.

“She's crazy. I don't know what the hell she's up to,” Henri said. “But something is going on. I'm too old for all this shit. Ever since I flew back she’s given me this feeling. I can't put my finger on it. I don't know if it's her or me. I'm too soft. I know I should get rid of her.”

Janus looked blank.

 “And now with my heart I have other problems,” Henri did a sneak look over his shoulder at the thugs behind him.

Then he whispered. “You know what I mean? Two heart attacks and God knows how many anginas. I'm a wreck. Sometimes I can't get it up for days at a time. What about you? Who cares about you? You're young. She plays with my mind. It's her only weapon, but it works. Trouble is she loves showing off. What can I do? You know what an exhibitionist she is. If I told you what she’s really like, you would be shocked. I can't trust her.”

Janus pursed his lips, and raised his eyebrows thoughtfully, and fiddled with his cigarette packet before flicking it down empty. Henri enquired, “Have you noticed anything?”

Janus shrugged. He waved Mandy to come over from the bar. Mandy had a university degree and did not take kindly to being waved at like a bus. Janus waved again and she shook her head and continued sorting stuff off her tray. She gave a wary sidelong look at Henri lost in his devious world whispering in Janus’s ear.

Henri confided, “It’s purely art and business to me when she's on stage. I don't take it personal, but I would kill her if I caught her with another man. I tell you that only because you are family.”

He slapped Janus on the back and chuckled, “Even if they were only kissing would be enough to completely send me over the edge of insanity. I’m very possessive of what’s mine. It’s not my nature. I’ve learned to be that way.”

“Yeah,” said Janus. “I know it's hard, man. I should go get ready for the show.”

People by now were sitting at a nearby table.

“I just need someone to talk to sometimes,” said Henri sadly. “Or I would go off my head. And you're the only one. But just look at you; you're a fucking idiot. You don't mind me saying that do you? We can be honest with each other. Man to man. Be careful of Marty. He keeps coming to me with stories about you but I don't believe half of it. I’d as soon kick his ass…. but I need him to keep an eye on the bitch. I’ve got plans for him and her….”

Janus was too scared to mention the snot dribbling from Henri’s nostril, but he wished the old guy would wipe it. At the same time he was intrigued how far it stretche in a state of tense suspension, perhaps an inch long. That’s how friendly things were up until the night Janus took his beating. It seemed to Janus everything was peachy.

One normal night backstage, Janus told Daisy he was going on in a few minutes. She was yet to wig up and he knew she was in a rush.

“Be a dear. Rub the colour on my back, Hugh. Thanks mate,” she cooed.

She stared up to him from under paralysed arches pencilled above where her eyebrows belonged. He pictured her with natural eyebrows, imagining them where it was clear they should be. In his imagination she would look innocent and sullen…. with a misty air of intelligence. Daisy moved. The apparition instantly disappeared. Janus reluctantly thrust his two fingers into the tanning crème. It yielded to his fingers like her flesh did as he smoothed the lotion down her spine and laterally. He willed his eyes to roam the room, rather than risk being stirred by her velvet-smooth soft warmth... He regarded the framed photograph, news clippings, and the piles of rags, odds and ends, furniture and hardware. He looked upward at the dangling remnant of a stage curtain draped from an angle-iron girder to conceal a corner stacked with more clutter on top of the broken-down fridge; and in the row of dusty mirrors lining one wall where the jumble was reflected he saw curved the svelte form bowed toward him, a salacious visual offering distorted at the angle, her backside rounded, cleaved and welcoming. With a huge heavy breath Janus massaged Daisy’s grateful flesh.  She squirmed as though with deep aching….

“Oh Baby, that is so good. You have such a beautiful soft touch, not like that sadistic pig.”

“You’ll be ready and okay to go as soon as I introduce you, will you?” Janus mumbled, with a backward glance at the doorway. He brusquely finished colouring her in. She turned to smile over her shoulder. Hair fell away from over her face and a dark patch showed through thick face powder.

Janus said. “What the Hell happened?”

“Don’t worry about it. I fell out of bed.”

Daisy turned, grazing him with bare breasts and she said, “Show me your hands.”

She grabbed his wrists and turned his palms upwards scooping them under her breasts. “Don’t those little honeys feel good? Huh?”

Janus snatched his hands away and desperately turned his eyes to the door.

“Don’t be crazy,” he growled as he darted from the room, grabbing a towel as he went, rubbing off the stain from his hands.

“Admit it…. you loved it….” Daisy called after him.

Behind the bar Henri waited for Janus to come onstage and warm up the crowd with his sick jokes and meandering monologue. The nephew-in-law’s gags were weak and his act unpolished but the crowd would forget that when the old girl wobbled on stage in her strategic scraps of satin. Each few weeks Henri’s Club re-advertised Daisy’s act under a different name. Henri was big on adjectives, alliteration and rhyme. His favourites were erotic and exotic, especially together as in “the erotic and exotic Pussy Niagara”, without forgetting, “the exotic and erotic Carla Marx”. The name-thing was Henri's entrepreneurial gift, in his role of nightclub impresario. He said it was necessary to jazz up the dance act with “promotive flair” since Daisy refused to move with the times.

Daisy hated it. She claimed she was never treated like that when she danced at the Crazy Horse revue in Paris, although another time she said she hoped to visit France some day before she died because she had never been there. She was generally evasive about her past. She answered questions about her childhood simply saying she never had one.

Janus sympathised when she told him she wanted billing under one of her real names. She was infuriated when Henri billed her as the Exotic and Neurotic Nympho Nostalgia and things like that.

 “He thinks it’s humorous, but I don’t. Carmeleta Cameltoe was not so bad, but the rest of them were a choice between rubbish and crap.”

Soon afterwards Henri complained to Janus that Daisy was giving him grief over the stage names. She told him it was demeaning.

“Where'd she learn a word like that?” Henri growled at Janus. “Have you been winding her up?”

“She probably got it from Deanna,” Janus said quickly.

Every show Daisy did the same dance routine. She often rushed home in a cab to the beach, where she cooked a late supper for Henri – ready for if and when he returned after closing the Club.

Whatever else she was, Daisy was a hard worker, she danced two or three sets a night, depending on the crowd and how much Janus ate into her time with his act. She wore bright metallic ribbons or rattly clusters of bangles over grub-sized old scars on her wrist. Sometimes she cut the dance short because she was tired or she had a slight dose of emphysema, or the crazies.

She fussed over choice of music and she demanded the colour of stage lighting be changed according to her mood. She drove the sound and lighting guy nuts.

When Marty one time complained to Henri that the sound guy was gay, Henri said Daisy’s nagging demands had driven the poor guy to hate women. Despite the many technical changes demanded by Daisy her choreography rarely varied. Onstage she demurely removed item by item one of her brief costumes of various cut and colour to reveal two paste-on patches sometimes with glittering tassels swinging from her breasts, and a G-string speckled with sequins. She struck classical poses and moved between them gracefully. But that wasn’t good enough for the boss.

“You’re not Isadora Duncan! The audience is not there for backyard ballet,” Henri mocked her. “People don’t come to see out-dated pantomimes of modesty. It does nothing for the show. If you think it’s fucking Art, that’s your business, but for God’s sake flash a bit of pussy.”

Daisy insisted she would not stoop so low. Anywhere else, but not on stage! Not for God’s sake or anyone else’s. She moaned about Henri's insensitive attitude. She complained to whoever listened. Janus heard of the humiliation. So did Deanna, Candy, the waitresses, and Daisy’s hairdresser; so too did whoever Daisy was scoring from that week, the sound and lighting guy, even Marty, all except the clean-up guy. Old Al seemed to admire Henri, so Daisy told him nothing.

Al heard it from Mandy. It hurt him to hear Henri was being nasty to Daisy. Al did his best to cheer her up with a titbit of gossip. One of the girls had reported Marty for snooping round the toilets, and Henri was pissed off.

“Henri said if he catches Marty hanging round backstage like a peeping-tom again, he’ll kick his ass inside out! You should have seen Marty try to wriggle out of it.”

Daisy said she didn’t think it was so funny.

Al laughed, “Neither did Marty. He didn’t think it was funny at the time when Henri told him off.”

Soon after that Marty whined to Daisy, “What can I do? Henri is the boss. You didn't say anything to him about Me and You did you? I think he suspects something.”

“Don’t be insane, there’s nothing to suspect,” said Daisy until a dark cloud of thoughtfulness slowly passed over her face, and from its shadows she asked with a glint in her eye, “Unless you’re man enough to do something about it?”

Daisy knew Marty would do nothing about anything. He was too scared of Henri. She too feared Henri. She knew better than Marty how scared Marty should be. She feared Henri in many ways, but she was most terrified by his power to end her stage career. It would kill her she said to Janus and Deanna, then she guts-ached to Marty, then Candy. She even told Henri it would kill her. Then she told her hairdresser how cruelly Henri had laughed. But she felt none of them understood how desperate she was.

“Henri might think he knows more than me,” Daisy moaned to Deanna. “Well, so he should, he’s old enough. But he knows nothing about the art of dance. The only dancing he cares about is on the end of his little soft dick….”

Daisy’s hand quickly covered her mouth too late to catch her words.

“Don’t be coy,” Deanna grumbled. “I know exactly what he’s like. I don’t need you to tell me.”

*

Poor Daisy got sick. The debilitating fever lasted nearly a week and she was ordered to rest. She was too sick to do anything about it when Henri hired another girl to dance. The new girl acted like she was too good for the place. She arrived ten minutes before her spot and left fifteen minutes after she came offstage. She was barely half Daisy’s age, and barely half as friendly, she spoke to no one unless she had to, and she demanded her money cash-in-hand before she went behind stage. She handed Janus a written script and demanded that be word-for-word the introduction he gave her.  She acted like she hated the job.

Onstage the new dancer removed her clothes like a washerwoman in high heels ripping laundry off a drying rack. Henri sneered at the performance but he was pleased she flashed a bit of pussy. Afterward he complained she did it with as much erotic appeal as opening a can of sardines.

Daisy meanwhile was dying to get back to work. She was abstaining from the booze and drugs for a couple of days because of a minor operation on her insides. For days she got round without a wig and make up. She looked like she lost interest in life, but she said she did a lot of thinking, and she said to Janus, “What if he kept changing your stage name all the time with these stupid things he comes up with, wouldn’t you think that's demeaning?”

Janus shrugged and said he had never thought about it, he had no stage name. Daisy warned him maybe he should give it a thought.

She said, “You never know some day your destiny may be snatched from your hands. Your life could be ruined forever, and you find yourself powerless to even imagine how to possibly escape. You begin to hate yourself. Then you realise there is no escape. You eventually lose the will to do anything. It’s like you are worthless, filthy and despicable.”

Listening to her was near as crazy as listening to Henri. She stared…. pale and raw faced, fake eyebrows gone, make-up gone, hair tied back schoolgirl-style and dressed in demure street clothes. Her voice sank a key and turned eerie.

“…and then, you find yourself surrounded by nothing. Nothing except your own inadequacy, and your own fucking guilt, nothing but fucking shame, and fucking failure! And then…”

 “Jesus Christ!” Janus grumbled

He was scared by Daisy’s wild-eyed talk, by her cold smile and her measured slowness, like she was winding up ready to snap.

She said through clenched teeth, “And then, sucker… you'll know exactly what it feels like to be me!”

*

Janus later shook his head, recalling Daisy’s crazy talk. She freaked him out. The only way he could deal with the incident was to forget it. Like the time Henri almost blew his head off for telling his old Jewish joke.

Janus never mentioned Daisy's outburst to Deanna. When he told Blanche about it, Blanche had a cry. She sprang from the bed in tears and asked Janus to leave and he went. But thank God, after that everything went back to normal, and the next time Janus saw Henri and Daisy together, it was with Deanna. They double-dated dinner at a high-class Korean restaurant, all on their best behaviour. Deanna said she had grown addicted to Korean food during her long-ago visits to Pyongyang on business.

Deanna was celebrating something that had gone well for her, and Henri seemed to know about it. Daisy seemed to not care about it. And Janus wondered only vaguely. Everything went well for Deanna, and he was glad of that. She was unbearable when they did not. And things had changed as things went better. She no longer went traipsing off overseas at the drop of a hat how she did in the old days. Now she ruled her world by voice control – if the satellites fell out of the sky she would be paralysed. Meanwhile, Janus simply enjoyed the domestic normalcy of being in a civilised situation for a change, not Henri’s Club, eating real food not microwaved takeaways, and with his wife with her phone turned off.

They dined on the restaurant balcony so Henri could have his cigars with the meal. When between courses, the table candles blew out in the breeze a Korean waiter immediately flashed a gold zip-top and relit them. Janus stared at the intelligent young man with a face smoother than anything Janus had laid his lips on in twenty years. The kid wore a pair of designer spectacles over shifty eyes concentrated only on the candle and Deanna. Daisy seemed put out. She arched her shoulders back. Her breasts almost swelled onto her plate and she raised her chin with poise.

Deanna said, “Gamsahabnida.”

She called the kid by name, which made Janus stare at her hard. The kid wore no nametag. Janus imagined Deanna knew him from being there before with her bitchy, man-hating friends - or who knows, with her psychiatrist or professional colleagues? It bugged him but not in a jealous way. It just bugged him mysteriously. The waiter and she had a brief chat in Korean, before the goggle-eyed kid reluctantly retired to his place. The intrusion momentarily interrupted the intimate family atmosphere round the table. Janus did not like the way the kid watched Deanna, but she took no notice. The look of the kid gave Janus the impression he was ready to pounce on any excuse to come back over. Deanna admired the city lights below. Daisy said it reminded her of a place Janus never heard of. Henri was reminiscing in fine form. More food came and much of it disappeared down Henri’s neck, much ended splattered over the tablecloth round his plate to Daisy’s constant amusement. The women went to the toilet together repeatedly for what Daisy referred to as a quick blast. Janus felt part of a happy normal family almost, and a pity it was not more like this at other times.

To ease the boredom Janus watched a large man at a nearby table, the guy was accompanied by a flashy woman picking at a dead lettuce and watching the guy monster a steak as big as his own head. Henri was boasting about his dangerous war-time exploits and the candles trembled as though shaken by the vibrations of the old bragger’s hot-air. Food dripped down Henri’s chin and bits stuck in various places on his face, hands and clothes.

Sure enough, a breeze blew out two candles again. One remained lit and Janus felt that good enough, still he reached into his pocket intending to relight the others and keep the young Korean away – to preserve the private ambience – but he was not quick enough.

Flick!

The Korean reached across the table and relit the candle with his gold lighter that made a mockery of the little plastic throwaway that appeared in Janus’s hand, a moment too late. Deanna smiled, first at Janus sympathetically and then at the Korean kid gratefully. She was high, her face glowed, her long fingernails stroked the linen as she leaned on one elbow, gracefully drawing smoke from the cigarette to which she seemed almost to make a strange form of love, and she eagerly showed off her foreign language thing. So what? She could speak ten languages. Good for her. She could not toast a sandwich! When she started spouting to the kid in glasses, so no one else at the table understood a thing, Janus nudged her with a mutter: settle-down, take-it-easy, Baby.

She patted his leg and said, “Relax.”

She went on in conversation with the waiter. Janus felt it was different to when she did her talking in foreign languages over the phone. That was her work! Janus wondered, would she feel so ready to relax if he jumped up and started delivering one of his comedy routines. He turned his attention back to the guy demolishing the steak.

The guy ignored the woman with him and divided his attention between the steak and watching Henri wave his hands in the air, spitting, splashing drink and flicking cigar ash about the place. Henri ignored the conversation between Deanna and the waiter, while he bragged he had stared Death in the face many times and every time Death backed down.

Henri seemed unconcerned if he received little attention. He simply spoke louder. Maybe the guy at the next table enjoyed it. Janus wondered. But Deanna interrupted her conversation with the waiter and turned to Henri.

Deanna said, “I think Death more likely took one look at you and said I don’t want him!”

Henri laughed louder than everyone except Daisy. The kid waiter retreated to his post and stood at ease with his hands clasped behind him.

“Make sure you leave a big tip,” Deanna said. “He’s a nice lad.”

She shot the waiter a large smile, and Janus lit a cigarette and sat with his lighter in readiness should the candle blow out again.

“Don’t fucking tell me how to wipe my ass,” Henri growled good-naturedly. “I’ve been tipping waiters since before your Father was one.”

Deanna shot Henri her open mouth full of unfriendly teeth. Janus knew it for a warning, and so did Henri. Daisy too, probably, she looked from Deanna, to Henri and back to Deanna expectantly. Henri shrugged, and he looked toward the sky as though checking for rain. For him that did as an apology and the tension slowly eased as Daisy leaned across the table toward Deanna, with a glance at the watching Korean.

“What were you two talking about?” Daisy half-whispered to Deanna, loud enough the kid’s deaf Great-Grandmother would have heard it in Seoul graveyard.

“Fuck all,” Deanna snapped back, not quite yet returned to her happy self.

Daisy shrieked laughing and cried, “That calls for another blast!”

While the two women were snorting cocaine in the Ladies’ Room, the guy at the nearby finished eating the big steak and paid his bill and drained his wine glass. As he rose to leave the restaurant, Daisy almost bowled him over on her way back from the toilet. She was ripped off her face.

The guy apologised and Daisy laughed, “I should think so, Sonny Boy.”

She seemed ready for a fight, not an angry fight, just a brawl for fun. Deanna grabbed her and dragged her back to the table, both laughing like billy-o.

The steak guy and the lettuce lady came over, and the guy shook Henri’s hand, calling him Mister Kaye. After a bit of small-talk and introducing his companion, the guy went and Henri muttered, “He’s a pig,” and Daisy shrieked laughing.

Everybody was happy. Henri picked up the bill, of course in his usual big-hearted way. No one in the place could mistake who was paying.

Deanna laughed sarcastically, “Good old Uncle Henri.”

Daisy laughed, “Good old Daddy!”

They slapped each other and laughed some more. The women were off their rockers after doing coke all night in the toilet and Janus was numb in the mouth when every time they came back from the ‘loo Deanna rubbed her powdery fingers in his mouth.

Henri said to the girls, “If you two can't walk I'm leaving you here.”

Janus laughed, “I'm not sure I can walk either.”

In the end it was Henri they had to almost carry to the car, with the help of the young Korean and two other waiters from the restaurant.

Soon, all that domestic bliss and family joyousness would be tainted and transformed into something far less agreeable. Janus was to find himself with a gun shoved in his mouth, and then his face beat to a pulp, humiliated and traumatised, as his life span speeding out of control and he barely sensed it. Everything caught him by surprise.



Chapter 14


“A woman knows a man really loves her,
when he tells she’s beautiful even with her pants on.”
- Hugh Janus.


After Janus took his beating because of one silly phone call, Henri acted like it never happened. He was friendlier than before. Stinking of drink, Henri confided in Janus all was forgotten, and Janus was lucky he did not have Henri’s secret worries. He told Janus of his health dilemmas and his sexual problems. He complained about Daisy.

“She likes to be violated and humiliated. That’s one of her little peccadillos,” he said. “She needs it. She loves the rough stuff, and I’m getting too old for that.”

Janus was not interested. It was easy for Henri to say forget it. Janus glared sheepishly at the nearby thugs. He was angry about the beating they gave him. He was disturbed by the heartless way Deanna stood by and watched. That was the hardest part, harder to take than the beating, damn it, she was his wife! Yet, it was obvious he could do nothing about it once it happened.

Compared to the way Henri mistreated Daisy, Janus always treated Deanna like a queen, he thought. Henri on the other hand talked to Daisy like dirt anytime, anywhere, for any or no reason. Strangers at a glance assumed they were father and daughter, but not for long. The age gap seemed part of the appeal for them both. Daisy stood inches taller than Henri, but she shrank almost out of sight when he bullied her. Janus sometimes wondered with amusement at the likely nature of their sex. Henri acted publicly with confidence and disregard but he confided to Janus that he had problems in that area, and he distrusted the woman. Henri said no addict could ever be trusted and Daisy was not only addicted to drugs but she was addicted to causing trouble. And she was also a nymphomaniac and could not contain herself with that either.

“That's why I have to control her,” said Henri. “She needs to be dominated. You got no idea…”

Henri watched Janus closely as he spoke. Henri claimed he sometimes refused to eat food Daisy cooked because she might poison him. He suspected she laced his food and drink with a sexual suppressor, like bromide or bromine.

“What other explanation can there be for my occasional impotence problem? Why else? You're the only one I can talk to about these sensitive subjects, Janus. The doctors are full of shit. And who knows? Maybe she is responsible for my heart attack too.”

Henri’s eyes swelled with the idea.

“I often wonder - if she did not poison me. If I ever die I want a thorough autopsy done. You remember that. I’m relying on you.”

The two thugs at Henri’s back showed no sign of hearing. They did not move to scratch a nose or shift their weight. Janus avoided looking directly at the one who had given his head a battering. Henri glowered, maintaining his gaze to emphasise the importance of what he said.

“Why would she poison you?” Janus asked, as though the idea were preposterous. “I thought you got on great together. She’s devoted to you.”

“Yeah…. but women are actresses. You know that. And if you don’t know now, you’ll wake up sooner later… and with a shock probably!”

Henri basked a moment in a self-assured glow before his spirits sank back to gloom.

“If you don’t control them, they will control you. They’re the same as the rest of us. For all I know she might have someone on-the-side. He’ll regret it if I get my hands on him. The bastard! It wouldn’t be the first time. I’ll shove his balls down her neck if she’s so fond of them.”

“Don’t be silly, Henri. Man, how many times have you told me she can’t live without you?”

“Bah! Foolish, wishful thinking, that’s all. I want you to keep an eye on her, Janus. See what she is up to.”

Henri gave a bodily tremor, with which his jowls quivered, “No! Forget it. I don’t want to know.”

Henri squirmed under pressure of his thoughts, “Jesus Christ the bitch is driving me crazy. Maybe that's her plan. I should get rid of her. She adds nothing to the show.”

“Sure she does,” said Janus. “People love her. She’s great.”

“What about the stretch marks on her tits? And those bruises she gets from her skin complaint. They don't look good.”

“I thought you were the skin complaint,” Janus wanted to say.

Instead he said, “The audience can’t see things like that. You know. You see what they see.”

“Bah! I see second-hand speckled cellulite. Bleh! I see a flabby old sow sometimes. What about you?”

 “Me?”

“Does she still turn you on?”

Janus stalled under Henri’s gaze of mistrust and menace, and the patient grin on his wet lips. Henri belched and asked Janus again, did Daisy turn him on. Janus thought it equally risky to suggest either she was an old bag or a living doll. He saw no half-way house on the road between.

After thinking a while carefully, Janus slowly said, “What do you mean?”

“You see her when she gets her gear off. Do you ever think about putting it into her? Huh?”

“Don’t be ridiculous.”

“You filthy, lying bastard,” said Henri. “Don’t worry. I won’t tell Deanna.”

Henri eyes twinkled as he gave a conspiratorial grin.

“You’d love it. Admit it. I’ve seen you look at her like a dog. Don’t ever let me catch you laying a hand on her. I won’t be responsible. You know what I’m like. There’s no telling what I would do.”

Janus was able to think of nothing he had courage to say.

Henri laughed, “You’re all the same, you men. You're like dogs, filthy brainless dogs. I oughta kick all your asses out of here, Marty especially. All except Al, he’s okay…. He’s the only one in this place I really trust.”

Janus found it better to say nothing when Henri was in a mood. It is unwise to make jokes about any boss’s problems. The next night Henri was back to his normal self, but still obsessed when he again collared Janus.

“You’re the only one I can trust, Janus. Daisy told me herself, she finds you utterly pathetic and repulsive. She even thinks you try to turn the audience against her with your dumb gags before she goes on stage. But don’t worry. I stand up to her. She makes threats but she doesn’t scare me. You’ve seen the way I stand up to her. I’d as soon smack her across the chops as look at her some days. She can’t bully me.”

“Sure,” said Janus. “I believe you…”

“I made her what she is today. She’s a headline act. I treated her like she was my own daughter. The bitch doesn’t even know her father’s name. You know what she was before. Bloody hell…. Women! She’s a kid-killer. You would never catch me selling myself like they do. Nothing is too low for them to get what they want. What did I ever see in her? I’ve been too soft…”

Henri took a quick puff on his cigar, waiting for no answers, “Why is it, Janus? Is there something wrong with me? I've been too easy on her. I should have shoved her teeth in when she stabbed me, but like an old sap I didn't. Now she thinks she can get away with anything she likes. I've got news for her, big news. Remember my words this time next year when you see what I've got hanging off my arm.”

Janus raised his eyebrows. The stretch of his tender face hurt his freshly-healed brow-cut. He twisted his lips with discomfort. He gave a strange, strained look and he said nothing, not daring to wonder what Henri was getting at.

Henri’s eyes glowed with festering nostalgia, “Comedians, dancers, musicians, singers, I've seen them all. The good, the bad, the sad and the pitiful… they all let me down, they let themselves down. And she thinks she's such a Big Star! Fuck me dead, she’s a joke! A joke, I tell you. And she reckons you’re not funny at all, Janus. What does she know? I told her humour has nothing to do with it. When it comes to comedians, comics and so-called humourists, give me a clown like you, any day!”

Henri’s warts seemed to swell. Shadowy jowls contained his face. Dark bags sagged under his eyes… eyes that had seen a thousand entertainers come and go in many years in show biz. The thing that disturbed Janus briefly was he did not have the gumption to treat Henri the way he deserved. Henri was nothing but a glorified heckler.

Harsh words gathered in Janus’s mind. They showed in his eyes, as he stared at Henri with sullen scorn and loathing. Henri either did not notice or he did not care. He was busy deriding Daisy, while Janus swallowed a mouthful of hatred he would save till later and maybe let it come out in his act.

“Don't worry, Janus,” Henri pinched Janus on his stubbled cheek and it stung. “She'll be gone long before you!”

*

Listening to Henri always made Janus tense, whatever the mood, even when Henri turned complimentary. Over the many years Henri always liked to give Janus guidance. He said some nights Janus was bad but there was something worthwhile about him. Yet Henri was unable to put his finger on it. He said polished, rehearsed routines were the antithesis of humour. Like colouring-in-by-numbers compared to Art.

To Henri nothing was funnier than some buffoon failing to be funny, with hecklers ripping him to pieces until the sad fool fled behind the curtain without a shred of self-confidence remaining. That was the best. More than funny, it was hilarious. Crowds lapped it up. In a way it was the same with Daisy. But Henri repeated his previous threat that he would be soon finished with her. It was none of Janus's business and if he breathed a word to Daisy or Deanna he would be sorry. Henri drew an invisible line across his neck with his finger.

“We don’t want your big mouth getting you in trouble again!”

Henri waved his cigar in the air over his shoulder to dispense with all that, bumping his cigar against the coat of the nearest thug behind him. The thug’s coat looked like it had seen better days, maybe on someone else’s back. Henri said hecklers were the heart-and-soul of comedy, far more important than the onstage talent. Anyone could smugly tell a string of jokes parrot-fashion. Sure, it might be amusing… maybe… A yo-yo is amusing too.

Worst were the try-hard, would-be Comedy Kings reeking with overblown self-admiration. Janus was not always like that, said Henri.

“Sometimes you are funny. But like every comic, deep down you are up-yourself, especially with the politics and satire. Audiences see through that bunkum instantly.”

Janus, like Henri’s thugs showed no emotion. He sank into numb oblivion, disconnected from his surroundings in all ways but for his physical presence. The fading-bruised flesh rimming his eyes lent an impression sulky and hostile. He listened as though drugged to Henri’s droning insults while the beginnings of an audience trickled down the stairs into nearby chairs around. Mandy flitted by with her tray held high. Candy rattled glass behind the bar. In the semi-dark, the small flock of early-arrivals pecked cigarettes into ashtrays. Some stared at Janus’s face like he was a circus freak, quickly averting their eyes when he might turn their way. He had the look of an unfit boxer. Scattered round tiny tables, dull hungry stares followed the wandering half-dressed waitresses, glasses grew empty, and time smouldered to the staccato of drums and bass over the PA.

Glad to get away from Henri, Janus escaped out back… and in a while, the stage curtain flapped aside and Janus strode out under the lights.

“Felicitations fornicators!” he greeted the crowd with customary bravado, springing on his toes.

Music faded. Eyes transfixed on his beaten face, his bruised eyes and the healing split skin. He swung mike-in-hand to the centre of the low stage. Janus enjoyed looks of interest from every direction. Under floodlighting his beaten face glowed with toughness. Janus sensed a visceral connection with the image he projected. It was a good feeling. He felt the air alive with a new harder Janus….

Henri watched the stage with fingers crossed. The lights and sound guy clicked a switch on the control console. Canned music died mid-beat. A solitary straggler slumped at the bar, a weird guy with a fresh out-of-gaol look, like a man plotting someone’s downfall, maybe his own. But Henri knew the guy was simply a resting vulture, an evil necessity in the scrapheap of humanity. He was a journalist.

As the bargirl shoved a tray of drinks over the bar to the wandering waitress, the journo’s leer lingered on the two half-clad girls till they went different ways and he grinned with stained teeth.

“You know,” said Candy to her creepy admirer, “There are plenty of empty tables near the stage. You’ll be more comfortable sitting at a table where you…”

The guy leaned on bony elbows, straining the sleeves of his coat, watching her over the top of a liquor glass.

He replied with an enticing grin, “I don’t like to be comfortable…”

“Thanks folks,” said Janus on stage, fingers wrapped round the battered microphone bandaged with gaffer tape.

Someone in the crowd slow-clapped as Janus moved the mike stand aside. Henri, behind the bar slapped his hands together to make the small applause in the place less feeble.

“You’re fantastic. I’m Hugh Janus. You know what my friends call me?”

The microphone choked on his words with a hiss and an electronic screech.

“My friends call me Whenthey… short for: when they want to borrow money.”

The cluster of black loudspeakers fixed high on the wall spat out his voice with dust and rusty rumbles.

Janus licked his lips, “You know why they call them stuffed olives? You’d be stuffed too - if they cut-out your guts and shoved a lump of red pepper up your ass.”

Someone near the front roared laughing. Janus smiled toward the laughter, a snicker followed, a small group at the back, laughed deep in private conversation, adding to the atmosphere of levity.  It was a good low-key start to the show. The two minders guarded Henri’s empty chair. Rolling interjections from the back of the crowd annoyed Janus but he tried to ignore them, losing track of his familiar material, going off on an angry tangent.

“And what is it with this multi-billionaire rich guy in the news who bought a guy’s kidney for a million bucks?”

Janus looked round for the answer and he showed surprise when it was nowhere to be seen.

“Sure, it saved the rich guy’s life!” he raised his hands helplessly. “And anyway the experts say, the generous donor had two healthy kidneys and he only needed one at the time. Good boy, why not get the best out of your asset. A million bucks – that’s five hundred times the going rate in Manilla! Not bad…”

Janus held out his hands as though to halt a deluge, “But hold on! The ancient billionaire is Old Enough to be dead. Let us not forget that. His body tried to die. It was robbed of the right to die by another man’s kidney.

“Let’s get our economic priorities together here, people. That kidney could have fed four hungry refugees for a day. And what about the million bucks? Even more! Was the payoff a sign of friendship or just a business transaction? Did they pay GST? Let’s be honest about it, the million-dollar friend was not a Million-dollar Friend until he coughed up a kidney… Chop! Chop! Thanks a lot, my friend!”

Finally Janus let his voice boom from the speakers in an attempt to interrupt the interjections.

“Can you hear me up the back there? I can hear YOU!”

A shadow from the back yelled, “Shut up and stop interrupting.”

The hecklers won applause with louder laughs from the crowd.

“Ladies and gentlemen, please….” Janus gestured in the direction of the interjectors, “Allow me to introduce my partners in my act tonight: The Chinless Big-Mouth, Mr Dick Sucker-r-r and Willy Wanker, the inventor of the edible panty liner.”

A few patrons laughed and some clapped, Henri groaned. Hopefully the antagonism would not lead to a disturbance. Hecklers deserved to be treated with respect. Henri did not like trouble, but he licked his lips at the possibility of it. As a man he was aroused by the scent of a brewing fracas. As a businessman he hoped there would be none. Too much publicity might attract the attention of licensing regulators.

Henri nodded to Marty and indicated the table of stirrers.  Luckily the majority of human beings are gutless. They would march in a herd to war, before they stand up for themselves. He had seen it a thousand times. Hecklers shrank into surly silence, trying to ignore the stares of fellow patrons eager to witness a further flurry of insults.

A brawl was undesirable. As a struggling show biz promoter Henri trod a wobbly high-wire. The murder of the man in the back-lane, when the moron in the overcoat got fixed, was not far enough in the past for Henri to enjoy the prospect of more controversy. Many of his associates remained concerned about it. Fortunately Deanna seemed pleased about the death of the bastard.

“Hmmm,” Henri scanned the room from behind the bar for something else to worry about.

His two thugs had moved to one end of the bar like big dummies, watching a bizarre individual in a cheap suit; his cheap smile showed teeth edged with black and gold stains that made the grey parts look white. He grinned with eyes for nothing but Candy, while the show continued on stage. Candy caught a glimpse of the weirdo’s reflection in the mirror leering. She sneered and flicked a switch. The rusted electric glass-washer shuddered, it’s vibrations rattling bottles and glasses.

The seedy journalist admired the hemline of Candy’s briefs through skin-tight black tights. A small wave of laughter rose in the auditorium accompanied by the rattling applause of glass and metal behind the bar as the glasswasher hissed and roared.

“No sense getting excited folks. I’m not leaving until I finish here. I don’t care how loud you clap.”

Janus again gestured toward the rear of the room where in the dark the shadows of the hecklers lurked, “Don’t worry, when the grasshoppers roar, the lawnmower doesn’t run away…”

It was one of those nights that make other nights look good.

“You know what I’m saying….. We’ve got a great night ahead for you. A top-class line-up… Don’t despair folks, I will be back. And don’t forget the one you’re waiting for….”

Desultory hand slaps followed the waitress winding her way among the tables delivering drinks and taking orders, and removing emptied glasses and dirty ashtrays. Not all the applause was for Janus.

“Thanks folks that was really mighty. What a wild crowd you are tonight. Get those drinks into you and keep Henri happy.”

Behind the bar Henri clapped at a job well done for a change. Janus pitched his sets perfectly to disturb table conversation, without distracting patrons from drinking. It worked well when Janus did not go running off at the mouth like a gag-whore on heat.

*

“Splat! Splat! Splat! Like shooting paint balls against a wall,” Janus once described his act after a good show; and when Janus was gone, Marty quipped to Henri, “More like a sick dog pooping in the gutter. Splat! Splat! Splat!”

Even when his jokes didn’t go well, Janus could rely on a positive audience reaction at the end of his set, when he introduced Daisy’s dance.

“I know you boys can’t wait to have Carla in the parlour. She’s our temporary sensual analgesic - the Red Queen of Erotic Nostalgia and Voyeuristic Delight! Who wants to see her-er-er-er-er?”

Imitation carnivorous-roars arose from senior male citizens alone at separate tables, with a mild crescendo of smooth-handed applause. There was an electric buzz in the air, an eerie earthquake-like floor-shudder. Behind the bar the electric glass-washing machine jangled madly. Candy stared in horror at a stream of smoke stinking of burned varnish.

“Oh no!” she cried out.

“Some say she is a striptease artist,” Janus raised his voice. “A prude would call her lewd. Let’s face it, you can’t blame Carla. It isn’t her fault. She is allergic to c-l-lo-o-o-oth-th-thes-s-s-s…. Start warming your hands boys….”

Tables shook around the room, as the Club shuddered.

“Let’s hear it for MISS CARLA-A-A-A   MA-A-A-AR…”

Janus expected at the moment a musical outburst from the PA speakers. Instead, in the midst of his words Janus felt a tremulous upsurge. The main switch in the fuse box blew its guts with a Whoomp! Instantly his voice died mid-word, and the place lunged into darkness. The glass washing machine shuddered to a steaming standstill behind the darkened bar. Nothing was to be seen in the Club anywhere. The only light came from tiny red specks of burning cigarettes. All else was black.

The muffled voice of the lights-and-sound guy hollered, “Right on….”

Janus shouted at the invisible audience in the blacked-out cavern, “Don’t worry, people. This is just part of the performance.”

Without amplification, his voice penetrated the grumble of bustling darkness to little depth.

“Did you feel the earth move too?”

No one answered. For a moment he was alone in the world, despite the disgruntled clamour all round. Daisy in the dark behind the stage curtain howled…

“What the Far-ar-ar-ark is going on?”

No one heard her. Janus recognised the sound of Henri barking orders in the hubbub. A lonely scream echoed like the end of a person’s life subsiding in a self-conscious whimper, among murmuring and shouts: What the Hell? Turn on the lights! Stop that, you dirty bastard! Get you hand off me! Fuck you! Turn on the lights! Where’s my drink? Let me go! Ouch!!! Turn on the lights! Where’s all the white people gone? Let’s go! I’m not moving… Get your hand off my ass you pig!

Janus raised his voice above the cacophony, yelling to the crowd as he removed his sweaty shirt.

“Remain calm, people! Do not panic!”

“I’ll panic if I want to,” a woman screamed near the stage.

Janus shouted, “Welcome to the End of the World, as we know it. Do I look like I’m worried? I hope not. Dig the darkness, you blind bastards!”

Janus wrestled his sneakered-foot out through the leg of his baggy denims, as he balanced on one leg in the dark, stripping off his jeans, then his underpants….

“We are all blind bastards crushed in the hands of a Mad God!”

“Shut up, you’re crazy,” someone yelled. “Get those lights back on.”

People lit matches and burned their fingers, and Janus like a mere heckler bellowed into the mayhem, “By the way…Ladies…next time you catch your husband in bed with your best girlfriend, give her my phone number!”

The main circuit breaker on the electricity board was banged back on. House lights flickered on and off and on again. Big speakers grumbled, sputtered and hummed. Shouts and mumbles mingled, as the lights flashed on and off… and then on again blindingly.

A roomful of widened eyes transfixed at the stage. There Hugh Janus, the resident comedian stood exposed upon scrawny white speckled legs, bare-assed naked. His guts sagging, his arms thrown wide in a gesture of embrace, wearing only socks and sneakers, with his jeans, shirt and undies dumped beside him on the stage, his breasts bare bulges of white flab. His belly heaved large with each breath, like a spinnaker swelling in a strong wind, and bare for all to see, his penis hanging beneath it like the broken end of a worn-out, wrinkled rope dangling with his lopsided sack of balls.

“Dah-dah-ah-ah-h-h-h…..” Janus sang with outstretched arms…..

He received the loudest, longest laughter of his life. Behind the bar Candy’s jaw fell open. Ozone and cooked metal fumes mingled with odours of stale people, cigarette smoke and panic. Through upward streaming smoke, the seedy journo at the bar grinned with bad teeth and wide eyes at the big mirror where the reflection of naked Janus posed Christ-like. It was a night to remember - the journo turned his head.

“How will you clean the glasses now?” he quipped aside to Candy, but his eyes for now were on the stage.

Candy mumbled something unladylike, without diverting her gaze from onstage where Janus picked up his clothes and disappeared behind the curtain. Slow clapping accompanied nervous murmurs and aftershocks of laughter.

Behind the stage curtain Daisy paced impatiently in her dancing costume, rivulets of sweat gathering, as she waited to go on. Her glare descended to the exposed penis of Janus shrunk tight, smaller than she’d seen it many times before, as he sauntered by, naked in a daze, clothing bundled underarm.

“What happened to you?” Daisy asked him.

Janus gave no reply.

“And hey!” she shouted at his wobbly backside speckled with pimples as he went by. “What about doing my introduction properly?”

Then a crazy black man with long grey hair burst through the curtain. Daisy recognised his big grin. She had seen him on TV. The guy threw his arms around Janus’s naked body in a passionate embrace.

“Fuck me, man…” cried Stiffy Wunda the famous comedian.



Chapter 15


“I know I’m dumb. Like as a child, I was expelled from school for not going to school…
 I still can’t figure that out. Another thing I never understood was why they build fences 
around graveyards! Those dead fuckers are not going anywhere!!!”
- Hugh Janus.


Stiffy Wunda had gone to Henri’s Club after he heard about the wacky comic there. The wacky Janus guy was developing a small cult following. Stiffy decided to catch Janus in action on a quiet night.

Shortly before the blackout at Henri's Club, Stiffy arrived. He grinned with big white teeth. His face shone, bright, bold and black, and he shrugged to straighten the hang of his green suede jacket. He was eager to catch some of Janus’s act on his way to headline at a venue two blocks away. Stiffy’s career was booming. Other comics were jealous, especially established stars on the circuit. Behind his back, a few complained Stiffy was such a success on account of his colour, but they were nice about it in his company. Reverse racism, they said. He’d been on TV a few times, and he was always asked back. Someone told Stiffy this new Janus guy was worth seeing and Stiffy doubted it. But he wanted to know for sure.

White comics were pretty much of a muchness, except for one. There was the exception, a mad junkie Charlie Charles who outraged audiences by forcing himself to vomit onstage as part of his act, and with horrendous one-liners like Lesbians are just poofters with cunts. Many times booed off stage, poor Charles, the young lost soul and quickly forgotten genius was crushed between two forms of oblivion - his own personal self-detestation and that of the perennial pariah.

Someone said Hugh Janus was like the poor dead guy, Charlie Charles, only not quite dead yet, much older and not so funny or original, or anything really… just “off-the-wall”.

Arriving early on his way to his own gig, Stiffy limped into Henri’s Club, accentuating the impression of an old rodeo injury he faked. Stiffy went alone because it was business and he was serious about his trade. He intended to catch ten minutes of the show and get away. You could get the gist of most acts in five. Stiffy played the role expected of a star performer 24/7. But it was bullshit as far as he was concerned, the whole business was bullshit. If he had to act the part of a pumped-up big shot, the way people expected, he tried to at least be sincere about it. Stiffy shook Marty’s hand and slapped the bouncer on the shoulder.

“Gidday Buddy!”

“Gidday Stiffy,” said Marty. “Good to see you.”

“How ya doing?” Stiffy laughed. “How's the missus?”

“Great…” said Marty, a little confused.

Marty wondered how the little famous guy knew anything about him. Though Marty’s wife dumped him years ago, how was Stiffy to know? Naturally Stiffy knew nothing. Marty soaked up Stiffy's attention like a white biscuit dipped in black coffee. Stiffy’s grin shone wide across his silky face, and the whites of his brown eyes glowed, as he savoured the groan of a chuckling crowd deep in the smoky dinge. Suddenly - a blinding flash exploded alongside the basement entrance. And that’s when all the lights went out.

“Holy fuck!” Stiffy squealed and flung up his hands to protect his face.

Shrieks came from inside. Immediately Stiffy realised the cause of the blast. It was only the switchboard, a mere electrical fault, nothing exceptional in the shit joints all comics worked week in, year out round the country. This was not the first time. If it wasn’t electrics it was plumbing. Lighting, sound systems, drainage, crappy stage set-ups, lousy backstage facilities, they were all botch jobs. Stiffy trod gingerly into the cavern of darkness, eagerly inching toward the shouts and grumbles inside. He flicked aside the heavy curtain at the inner entrance, bumping into unseen bodies as he went.

“Where’s all the white people gone?” Stiffy shouted into the uproar.

“Do not panic, people!” some idiot cried, as the panic continued unabated.

“I thought it was a terrorist bomb,” Stiffy laughed in the pandemonium, stretching his hand ahead to feel his way.

“…Ladies…next time you catch your husband in bed….” an unseen idiot shouted.

Stiffy chuckled. It was a wonderful show, Dada mayhem, a total fiasco! The bulk and weight of a human hippopotamus unseen in the dark collided with Stiffy as Henri Kaye stampeded toward the Club entrance.

“Good evening,” Stiffy cried gaily, as the dark shape thundered by. “Everything running smoothly I see….”

In no time Stiffy was blinded as the nightclub flooded with glare. Quickly, the glare faded to the Club’s normal haze. Stiffy guffawed, slapping his thigh and doubled with exaggerated laughter, at a spectacle ahead of him, on stage the speckled white misery, a naked man with a battered face, starkers except for footwear, beside a pathetic pile of rags.

The naked white man raised his arms in mock-crucified reverie before a dumbstruck audience in havoc. The naked man’s face wore the stupidest look of doomed defiance that Stiffy ever saw on an animal without four legs.

Amidst the uproar someone shouted, “Call the police to arrest that flasher!”

Rushing backstage in the wake of the white man, Stiffy burst through the curtain and threw his arms round Janus and hugged him.

“Fuck me, man….” Stiffy cried with tears in his eyes, and shaking his head of long black curls. “That was cool. I never expected to see anything like that! I heard you were crazy. But that was screwball!”

“Did it go okay?” Janus asked.

Stiffy howled. “It was a bomb, a freaking bomb! Osama Bin Laden would have been proud of that one. You should have seen the crowd. You poleaxed the shit out of them.”

Grateful and astonished, Janus mumbled, “Yeah?”

“No, not really,” Stiffy said.

He glanced round and flashed a wink at Daisy resplendent in her garishly-dyed feathers.

“I just said that to make you feel good…” Stiffy quipped at Janus; then he cracked-up and shook Janus by the hand.

“No really, Man. I mean it. It was colossal… really something else…. You’re star.”

“Real nice!” Daisy grumbled. “Are you going to introduce me properly…”

“Sorry. Daisy! This is Stiffy Wunda.”

“I know who he is,” Daisy snarled. “Are you going to introduce me out there onstage…. or do I go straight on or what now?”

*

After the huge explosion and the blackout were over, Marty Marino crouched to the floor behind the bar, poking at the glass-washer with a screwdriver.

“She’s knackered,” he muttered.

“You don’t say,” said Candy.

The creep at the bar shoved forward his empty glass.

“Same again….” he said with a sick leer, “Yes sir-ee-ee… that Show tonight sure was different. I never saw anything remotely like that before!”

He took a pen and notepad from his coat pocket, and asked to make a phone call. Candy apologised it was impossible, staff only. Henri overruled her in a fluster, falling over himself to get the phone, explaining “He's a journo….”

Marty Marino hurried toward the bar, and he panted to Henri, “Did you see Stiffy Wunda was in here before? He's a pal of mine. He even asked me about my missus.”



Chapter 16


“You know married people are like catamarans. 
We all need a little something on the side.”-  Hugh Janus.


After the wild night of the blackout Janus enjoyed his deepest sleep, drifting off with a smile of satisfaction, reminding himself of Stiffy Wunda’s praise. He put far from mind the beating Henri’s thugs gave him and his other worries. Even his itch was only slight. Everything was perfect. All was quiet…

Ringing shattered the stillness of the darkened bedroom, otherwise tranquil apart from the gentle hum of slow, heavy breathing, and Janus’s intermittent rumbly snore. He heard the telephone ring but he refused to let it disturb his memory of Stiffy’s praise. He calmly snuggled in semi-slumber, ignoring the call of the phone. Deanna slapped at the alarm clock but the ringing did not stop until she lifted the phone receiver and barked, “Who in fuck is it?”

The snoring of her husband continued while Deanna held the phone to her ear. She glared at the sleeping heap of Janus partly covered with bed-clothes.

“You’re joking,” she gasped. “No I haven’t seen the papers yet. What page is it on? I could kill him.”

She nudged Janus with her elbow. His snoring ceased. He squirmed before snoring again, until she kicked him. “Huh?” he grunted. “What’s up?”

“I’m fed up with you.”

She slung out of bed and wrapped something round her body. She stomped in slippers from the bedroom, muttering, “Absolutely and totally fed up!”

When Janus emerged from the bedroom, scratching and yawning, she glared at him through a haze of smoke. In one hand she held a mug of coffee, in the other a cigarette. He stared hungrily at both, and rubbed his swollen face badly needing a shave. He grinned on his way to the table to pour coffee from the warm pot. He gently eased the cigarette from her fingers and sucked it.

“It’s not enough you go running around like a cash-dispensing tomcat behind my back; not enough that you go blabbing your guts to the pigs about small time shit that has nothing to do with you, and I have to go make a fool of myself to save your skin. Now this!”

It was too early in the day to argue. He felt good and he did not know or care why. The sharp taste of burned tobacco and his first sip of coffee made him feel even better. He wanted the good feeling to last.

“Is it Monday or Sunday?” he asked.

“It’s Sunday. Remember you did the show…. if that’s what you call it…. last night? Maybe you’re trying to forget….”

“Oh yeah-eah-eah-h-h…. that’s right.”

His success the night before came to his senses. Ah, sweet life! Tangled hair stuck out one side of his head; it was matted on the other, pressed flat overnight by the pillow where he lay. He looked a wreck but he felt great. His comedy had risen to a new level. Stiffy Wunda praised his performance. As usual Deanna would carp at home. He did not need her approval.  Maybe they were married too long for it to be any other way. She should have thought of that before she let him be beaten to a pulp. Cruel words came to her easily, a habit, like a smoker reaching for an empty pack, as though the reason for words was gone.

She said without looking at him, “Your so-called comedy career has hit rock bottom now! You are a disgrace. You need to grow up. You need to get a proper job…”

She shoved the morning newspaper toward him across the breakfast table.

“Slow down….” he groaned, paying the newspaper no heed.

Deanna pushed the newspaper closer.

“Have a look,” she said.

“What do you mean? How many times have I told you I’m not hunting jobs out of a newspaper, you’re kidding yourself. I’m happy doing what I do.”

“Happy? Doing what you do? Don’t make me laugh.”

“Maybe it’s not much in your opinion, but I….”

As he spoke she folded the newspaper open to an inside page and thrust it under his nose, pointing to a brief article.

“Look at that!”

“You’re kidding,” he gasped as his eyes scanned a few paragraphs. “That’s fantastic!”

His face split in a grin, rereading the brief item concerning his performance the previous night. The report was jammed in a back section. He read the bit again.

“The weak bastards didn’t mention my name.”

“Thank goodness,” she said. “A pity they had to mention anything at all.”

“Wow!” Janus crowed.  “I tell you Deanna, the place was buzzing last night. You should have heard them laughing. Henri was stoked. Stiffy Wunda was there and all. It was a gas.” 

He rose from his chair and carried the page grandly round the table, studying the snippet as he walked. Deanna stared at the figure of her husband dressed only in baggy underpants and she cringed at the thought of him naked in public.

“I might work in the dark again. I could do my whole act with the lights off. There were no distractions - just me alone and the audience, total connection. Perfect. I loved it! People were captivated. That’s what I call Dark Humour. You should have seen their faces when the lights went on. Bang! They were absolutely stunned with their mouths open. Do you know what happened to my old blood-stained T-shirt? Wait till they see me come onstage wearing that thing!”

When he had a good laugh at the idea, he stayed smiling, slowly shaking his head at the memory of his impact on the crowd the night before, and he stared at the news snippet.

“I really stretched the balloon last night. It went down rea-ea-eally well.”

“Lead balloons are inclined to go down really well,” Deanna moaned. “Read it properly. It makes you sound like a sexual deviate.”

“Yeah, well. That’s comedy for you.”

“Can’t you see it’s not comedy, and never will be?” Deanna cried. “It’s simply an exhibition of overgrown juvenile self-indulgence. Your outlook is perverted. The things you say are not funny. They are screwball! You offend people. They all think you’re a nut case. And now they know.”

“I don’t give a fuck what people think.”

Janus was indignant. His white guts swelled over the elastic of his underpants dangling above skinny legs as obscene to his wife at that moment as those of a plucked chicken. A hairy ball-bag peeked out the loose leg-hole of his undies.

“Screwball is good. Even Stiffy Wunda said exactly that. He said I was screwball. It’s a compliment. Things don’t have to be funny, Honey, if they are true, that’s Art.”

“True? I’ll tell you what’s true,” sneered Deanna. “You are lucky you weren’t arrested for indecent exposure. Don't expect me to defend you if you front court over something like this. I’ll have nothing to do with it. Everyone is laughing behind your back. You made an absolute buffoon of yourself. I’ve already had two phone calls. And…”

“I gave ‘em something to think about last night,” he said. “That’s all. At least they were laughing. I challenged their illusions. You should have heard it. I poleaxed them. Stiffy Wunda said I was a star, and I pole-axed the shit out of them, Man! That’s his actual words, and he’s a pro.”

“People will think I’m married to an exhibitionist!”

“Well, you can read for yourself. I made an impression. Look here, the paper says artistic innovation…”

“Look again,” Deanna cried in exasperation. “It’s in inverted commas! They're being ironic.”

“All the same, innovation is important to an artist’s…”

“Oh my God! He’s an artist now!” Deanna shook her head. “You really think taking your clothes off in pubic makes you an artist? People get arrested and put in mental institutions for that kind of behaviour!”

Janus grinned, not caring what she said, he enjoyed her attention. At last she was taking him seriously.

“Since when has exhibitionism been declared an art?” she continued to jab at his ego. “Maybe I could understand it if you looked half-decent.”

She regarded his body critically from head to toe, and back again, lingering for effect over his protruding pale mid-section and finally, glaring at his grey-stubbled face with courtroom disgust - and a sneer that would intimidate anyone but a husband. Even when not punched-up he looked a horror. Now, with traces of purple round his eyes and scabby grazing he was…

Deanna shuddered in despair of finding adequate words.

“Oh, heavens, you’re giving me a migraine,” she massaged her eyes and moaned. “I need a joint. Where’s the stash… and my chocolates? I must make an appointment to see Sylvester.”

Janus had an afternoon nap after fossicking through Deanna’s stuff. He gathered a couple of tit-bits of hash to share a robust six-paper joint with her. The front doorbell later woke him.

He ignored the ringing doorbell, and when it rang again he opened one eye, and he noticed it was mid-afternoon. He’d been asleep for unknown hours and Deanna had not woken him for lunch. Obviously she had gone out, or was still sulking. The doorbell rang again as he lay there. He heard the toilet flush.

“Who the bloody Hell is this on Sunday morning?” Deanna snarled as she strolled past the bedroom door and down the hall, checking who was on the surveillance monitor, raising her voice. “A woman can’t even take a piss in peace…”

Then she yelled as she neared the front door, “It won’t want to be you fucking Seven Day Adventists again, I’m warning you.”

“It’s me,” shouted Henri from behind the unopened door, followed by Daisy’s voice chiming, “It’s us!”

“Why?” Deanna moaned as she opened the door.

“We haven’t slept all night, have you?” Daisy chirped.

She forced her way past Deanna, swaying unsteadily, “We’re on our way home.”

Greasy marks stained Daisy’s hands and clothing as though she had changed a car tyre.

“This isn’t your way home.”

“Yes, but we can’t drive any more. We’re too drunk,” Daisy laughed.

Deanna gave Daisy a questioning stare. She saw hair in a mess and a split lip fixed in an unnerving forced smile, and clothes scrunched and grubby. Panda-like smudges of mascara ringed Daisy’s wet red eyes. One of her wrists was bleeding but it did not look like a razor slash.

“Did you have an accident?”

“Not just one…” Daisy shrieked…

“I need to see Hugh,” said Henri, “One of you will have to drive us home. I’ve lost my driving glasses again, and Daisy knocked over a street sign. The stupid bitch was all over the road like a mad woman’s shit.”

“And the footpath too,” Daisy boasted with demented glee. “I banged my face. See the bruise. Isn't it a good one? It's as big as Daddy's hand….”

“I can’t drive anywhere,” said Deanna. “I have a migraine.”

“Where’s Hugh? Did you see the paper?” Henri growled.

“Yes. It’s terrible. That’s why I have a migraine.”

“It’s so exciting,” said Daisy. “Everyone is talking about it. Hugh is almost a celebrity after last night. It was on the radio all the way here. Is my face badly bruised? My leg is killing me from being squashed all night.”

“Janus!” Henri yelled. “Where are you hiding?”

Janus appeared barefoot and dishevelled, topless and zipping up a ragged pair of faded denims.

“Huh?” Janus grunted, “What’s going on?”

He noted the absence of Henri’s thugs and relaxed, “Who wants coffee? Deanna, will you bung it on?”

“Sure,” she said coldly. “I’ll bung it on. Daisy will you help?”

“Yeah,” laughed Daisy, wobbling on high heels and swinging her handbag dangerously by the strap. “Let’s bung it for the boys. I like to bung it on. Let’s bung it on together. Ha-ha-ha….”

Daisy leered at Janus as she went by, and Janus ignored her, listening as Henri talked about the night before. The publicity now was sure to swell the crowd pulled into the Club.

“Not just the little bit in the paper,” Henri whispered. “But people talk. They’re talking already. News spreads. I’ll arrange an interview for you too.  That piss-head journo owes me a favour. Lucky he was there on the night and saw your act. He’s interested. He was really impressed. That’s great. He said if he had a camera you would have been on the front page...”

From the kitchen Deanna let loose a tortured groan.

Henri winked and Janus slowly smiled, “Yeah?”

“Yeah, you showed a lot of guts last night.”

“Thanks mate.”

Henri roared laughing and poked Janus in the tummy, “You sure did show a lot of guts!”

Janus smiled weakly, and sat in silence a moment before excusing himself. He returned soon wearing a shirt.

Janus drove Henri to the beach in Henri's car. He noticed under the dash on the passenger side a pair of handcuffs sliding round the floor, while Henri raved how great things would be and how Janus should handle the newspaper interview. Henri was arranging everything as the would-be impresario burgeoned within. While he filled the car with cigar smoke Henri also made asides how some bastard would pay for something else that wasn't clear; and how Daisy was ruining his life. Maybe he would sell the bitch, he said.

Deanna followed behind in her car with Daisy complaining about Henri going crazy, slapping her around, forcing her into the boot of the car in handcuffs and driving half the night over every bump in the road he could find, looking for somewhere to dump her body.

“What an idiot. I knew he was just trying to scare me. And those two big useless goons of yours sat in the front seat and drove round all night with me locked in the trunk. They never lifted a finger to help me….”

“Don’t worry I’ll have a word with them,” said Deanna. “But….”

She stabbed a finger in the direction of the car ahead, as she said, “You know he's insane! Nothing will change until you leave him.”

“He's boring,” Daisy groaned. “I almost died of thirst. I was gasping for a smoke. God, I would let a dog have me for a drink or a joint. And the gag was almost choking me.”

Deanna flipped the top of a cigarette pack and handed Daisy a small ready-rolled reefer. Daisy lit it with hands trembling, and she latched onto a near-empty wine bottle from under her feet and swigged.

“The worst part was I had no cigarettes. Probably just as well… I could hardly breathe from the fumes when he filled the tank at the gas station. I swear I was so-o-o-o pissed off with him, I would have blown us both to kingdom come if I had a lighter.”

When Deanna drove on the return home journey, her migraine had migrated to the back of her neck. She had Janus massage her shoulders a while as the car went along. She turned the radio to a soft music station for calmness. Then she had to tell Janus to keep his hands off her, he was too rough. She sat with eyes closed at the traffic lights, trying to relax.

“What did you think of that?” Janus asked her.

“Think of what?”

“Henri getting me a newspaper interview…. pretty big time eh….”

“They only want to know when you are going to take off your pants again. So they can get a photo of you being arrested. I’m not happy about any of it.”

“Bah!”

“Anyway,” said Deanna opening her eyes. “I’m still worried about Daisy. She needs help. I’ve known her a long time. I’ve seen her like this before. Henri is a selfish bastard. I don’t know how she lives with him. If....”

“Why? They both seem happy enough?”

“Happy? Did you hear her giggling like an idiot the whole time? That’s hysteria. I know what it feels like. She’s terrified of him.”

“She was pissed,” said Janus, “She didn’t seem so bad.”

“Bullshit, she wasn’t drunk. She just said that in front of Henri. It’s part of their act. She hadn’t had a drink. She told me. How could she, because he had her locked in the….”

“You’re kidding. She must have....” Janus mumbled.

“I’m not kidding. He’s a bloody sadist. You would not have the faintest idea. He’s vicious….”

“So I wouldn’t have the faintest idea. Is that right? Oh I’m sorry…. I haven’t had the information kicked hard enough into my head….” Janus laughed so loud Deanna winced.

She kerbed the car at home and killed the motor, and Janus carried on laughing.

“You can laugh. You don’t know where Daisy was all last night after they left the nightclub?” Deanna challenged Janus.

He asked in return, “How would I know?”

“I told you, she spent the night locked in the boot of Henri’s car. That’s where. He’s psychotic. She’s covered with bruises. And...”

“Henri says she’s a haemophiliac….” Janus muttered as they clambered out of the parked car, and Deanna shook her head wearily.

“The worst is what he does to her mind. He’s a fucking psychological cannibal. Didn’t you notice how…”

“A what?”

Deanna glared at Janus. He heard what she said. He simply wanted to hear the words again. They rang sweetly enough to use in his act... Psycho Logical Cannibal....

“You wouldn’t understand…” Deanna said.

Her voice was cold, her words chopped bluntly. Janus was somehow slightly ashamed without knowing why, and he felt uneasy to again bring up the subject of the newspaper interview.

He waited for an opportunity to make a phone call in privacy. He dialled Blanche Appleby’s number and asked if she was busy. She said no, but it was not a good time for her to see him.

“That’s cool,” he said without asking why not. “Did you read this morning’s paper?”

Blanche ignored what seemed an inane question and said, “I thought you were going to call in here the other night.”

“I was,” he said, “I’ll explain later. It’s not a good time now. That’s what I want to talk to you about. A lot of things have happened.”

“Oh well, today isn’t a good time. I’m flat out. I'll talk to you soon. Maybe I'll call you next week.”



Chapter 17


“I imagine poor, old God spends half his day trying to explain 
to the new dead people arriving in Heaven why he could not hear their prayers 
down on Earth. That’s because of the cacophony of cash registers and war bombers all 
round the place.” - Hugh Janus.


After the debacle of his success, Deanna watched Janus round the house. He was getting worse in every way. She decided to bide her time, but she was determined to rid him of his comedy nonsense. The best way she imagined would be a clean cut. To be rid of him and his comedy both. Strangely she noticed he had taken to admiring himself in the mirror with a puzzled scowl. She shook her head and stomped away, seeing him turn side-on and straining to suck in his gut. Later she heard a loud gasp from the bedroom.

“Nine…”

She discovered his body sprawled face down on the bedroom floor with his belly squashed. Straining to rise again with arms shaking, his tummy remained in contact with the carpet while his arms struggled to extend, his back bowed in a downward arc.

“Ten!” he grunted.

Gradually his elbows bent outward, trembling, until he collapsed to the floor again.

He gasped breathlessly, “Eleven!”

When he noticed her watching he looked ashamed.

“What are you doing?” he puffed.

“I was about to ask you the same question,” she said.

He muttered something about keeping in shape. She said Good Luck…. and wandered about the room, gathering clothes to wash, saying no more but shaking her head. His recent success motivated him to get in shape, he explained. He felt invigorated with renewed purpose, unperturbed by her apathy. She left him there – exit stage right, hugging a bundle of soiled garments, both his and hers. The odour of his sweaty shirt in her arms she still noticed despite so many years of living with him. It peeved her, as she grumpily dumped the dirty clothes in the front-end loader and she dashed back to the bedroom. She hurried through the bedroom, stepping over Janus and through to the en-suite, flicking the switch by the door to set the ceiling fan spinning. She sat shaking her head, staring through the open doorway at his legs splayed across the bedroom floor. His legs were near white as the carpet. The rest of him lay out of sight behind the bed. She listened to his puffing and intermittent groaning. He was ridiculous. His push-ups were a parody of the real thing. She wrapped enough toilet paper round her fingers to bandage a broken hand and wiped. A loud flush of water signalled the end of the event. She regretted it was not so easy to get rid of Janus. As she washed her hands the phone rang again.

Phone callers asked for Janus all morning. Deanna was curt with several callers who said they were sorry they missed Janus’s big performance but they would be at Henri’s Club to see the next one. She handed the phone brusquely to Janus and stomped away. A few asked if the blackout was in fact an electrical failure or a staged part of the act. Without a second thought Janus told them it was a highly co-ordinated special effect. He was unsure if he would repeat the performance - he thought surprise-factor important. Then Stiffy Wunda called but he did not mention the night before, except to say some time after midnight one of Stiffy’s mates, a comic Janus knew only by name, had passed away. Stiffy seemed to think Janus knew him too, and Janus did not say otherwise.

“That's a shame,” said Janus.

For a moment his success seemed unfairly less important, in the broader scheme of things. He was reminded of the fact one day he too might die…

“That’s a bummer. I hardly knew the dude, but he seemed a nice enough guy,” Janus told Stiffy.

Stiffy said, “Actually he was a cunt, but he was still a mate.”

Deanna had more calls from her friends. With satisfaction she reported to Janus they were not impressed. They saw Janus’s behaviour as childish and they sympathised with her. They could only imagine what she had to put up with.

“At least your friends have stopped ignoring me now,” he chuckled. “They obviously realise I’m a performer worth talking about.”

“They see you as an immature attention seeker.”

Janus said. “That’s fine by me. At least now you cannot say I am not making an impact. Too bad if you can’t dig what’s happening? I think I’m starting to reach my potential.”

“Oh, don’t worry… I dig what’s happening,” she laughed. “You are reaching your potential as a lazy, boring and self-indulgent, over-grown second-rate failure!”

“There's nothing wrong with being second-rate. We can't all be Perry Mason. And maybe some of us don’t want to be some invisible international know-all. I’d rather be real. And if boring I may be, at least I am not bored!”

He glared without hostility, thinking to emphasise the point that at least he was not bored like some people forever complaining about going to work every day. Deanna returned his defiance with amusement.

“Tell me,” she joked, “If you are so Real what do you think you really are?”

“Who says I have to really be anything? Everybody wants to be something. That’s what is wrong with the World. It’s a big prison of compulsory ambition. Either you’re a prisoner or you are free. You want to know what I really am… you have to smash down the wall to find me. And when you break down the wall, you know what you find?”

“A rat!”

“No-o-o-o! You find the wall is gone, and everyone is free. That’s what I'm about…. breaking down walls, destroying barriers, ripping away the….”

“Jibberish! Jibberish! Jibberish! You’re self-indulgent,” she laughed. “That’s the beginning and end of it. That’s what’s wrong with you, pure self-indulgence. You wouldn’t even get one gig if it was not for my Uncle Henri. If I did not bring in money, we would never have food in this house.”

“Food,” Janus laughed at the Takeaway Queen talking about food.

He sneered. “I only need enough food to give me energy for my next fuck.”

“That explains a lot,” she said in exasperation, “You think it’s funny? I need to live a normal life. I need to be seen to live a normal life. For crying out loud, you have no idea the risks I take in my work. Otherwise you would be a damn sight more careful… and grateful! I need to appear to have a normal life. I would like to be seen to go places and do normal things, together with my husband, like a normal couple, without feeling that I am half some pathetic joke in people’s eyes.”

“How many times do I got to tell you?” Janus cried. “I am not normal. I don’t do normal things. What is so wrong with being different? I would hate to have a normal life. Normal people are the problem. Normal people are boringly normal and normally bored….”

Deanna glared at Janus. He was right about one thing. He was not normal. He was the mistake of her life. But she was too worn out by his stupidity to scream. She could not be bothered to slap his face. She felt the need to be stoned just to look at him… Yet, though Deanna would never admit it, Janus did serve a purpose he knew. He gave her something to complain about. He was a reason for her to run to her friends. And at times his existence provided a convenient excuse for her to avoid unwanted invitations. That was three purposes! Oh well. While the dishwasher hummed and purred, and in the laundry the washing machine sloshed and surged, Janus wandered about, playing with ideas for gags in his head while Deanna rolled a joint and smoked it, staring out the kitchen window with her back to him. Janus ignored the insult when she did not offer him a toke. He had an idea for a gag. He longed to try it out. But he knew what Deanna would think without asking. Housework often had an unpleasant effect on the woman.

Janus thought aloud, “There’s this guy and he’s been married for years. And his wife catches him in bed with another woman. And the guy jumps out of bed and he says, ‘It’s not me!’ And, his wife says, ‘I know that.’ And she points at the other woman, and she says, ‘But does she know it?’ Ha-ha!”

He laughed some more. Janus knew it was a weak gag yet… but he might work it in to better shape. He needed to bounce the idea off someone. He wondered if Blanche Appleby would see him.

Deanna wondered what Janus had to laugh at. Could he not understand a woman desires more than the mere superficial shell of a relationship. She is entitled to more. But there he was, like a big dumb dog around the house in a stupor. Somehow he had become embedded in her life. He looked the part of a dopey pooch, with his knock-about moosh, like a brawling mutt from the back streets. She took a final drag on the joint and dumped the roach in the garbage disposal. She flicked the switch and the machine roared sympathetically. She wished Janus would, if only for once, offer an apology or somehow try to make peace. She could at least have the pleasure of rejecting him.

*

Some days later, Daisy was desperate to talk with Deanna. And Deanna wanted to complain about Janus. They met in a cross-fire of smiles, cheek-kisses, questions and laughter, for coffee in an open-air bistro. They bundled shopping bags onto the spare chairs and took possession of an isolated table.

Deanna sneered at happy couples going by, “Look at them…”

“Take no notice,” said Daisy. “Everybody acts nice in public. But in private they treat each other like shit. The world would be a better place if we all fought in public and were nice to each other when we're alone together. At least the fights would be more civilised.”

Deanna could not resist a quip - the words just came out without thinking, “You mean - like stabbing each other with cake knives?”

Daisy's face lit up. She hunched her shoulders to her ears and giggled, “Do you remember the look on his face when I did it? …. The big fat bastard shit himself!”

“Didn't you?”

“Of course I did! I thought I'd hurt him. You know I didn't want to. I blame that business of his overseas. You know he was under a lot of pressure. He thought he was walking into a trap.”

“That's enough of that,” said Deanna looking round warily. “It's his business. He ought to know what he's doing.”

Some things you just don't talk about. Daisy would one day get someone killed again with her big mouth. And somehow, Deanna never got to talk about her own problems, as she listened to Daisy grizzle about Henri. Finally when she ran out of cigarettes and was hungry for a joint, her eyes roamed…

Losing interest in Daisy’s laments, Deanna said impatiently, “If it’s as bad as you say, and I’m sure it is, just leave him!”

“It’s impossible. He’s in here,” Daisy said, pointing to her head. “I need to kill him to get away. And even then how would I get him out of my head. It’s not the cruel little games of his that are destroying me. It’s the way he makes me feel I don’t even exist sometimes. When he had me locked in the boot of the car…. if I had anything sharp you wouldn't be talking to me now.”

Deanna nodded sadly, looking to make sure they were sufficiently out of hearing range of others, “I know what you mean. But I could have a chat with him…”

Daisy’s face went grey with a gasp, “Don’t you dare!”

Deanna nodded knowingly.

Soon she said, “I’m sorry Daisy. I wish I knew what you should do. But apart from escaping from him, I don’t know what the best idea is.”

“The best idea?” said Daisy, “I don’t know the best idea either…. I could kill him, or I could kill myself. That’s the choice. Put your money on the quinella.”

“Don’t talk like that. I could give you the name of an excellent psychiatrist. You know my friend Sylvester? I’ve told you about him. It helps to have someone who will listen.”

“A psychiatrist for Christ’s sake….” Daisy chuckled. “What? You think I’m a loony?”

“The way you put up with Henri, I do,” Deanna said. “I always did, even when I was a kid.”

There was no room in Deanna's mind to deal with Daisy's problems. Deanna decided on the drive home alone Henri was not the problem. She smoked a joint behind the wheel and realised Daisy was the problem…. her staying with Henri was the tragedy. Deanna had the terrible feeling Daisy would stay until Henri destroyed her. There was something inevitable about it… Deanna had lived on the ever-trembling slopes of the same volcano, since she was a young girl, suffering then as Daisy now did. Sure, there were good times, not many and they did not come to mind. In a way Daisy was no better for herself than Uncle Henri was for her. Meanwhile Deanna had her own problems. She needed someone to talk to. Janus was too self-preoccupied. One face came to mind, a handsome, intelligent face smiling warmly. At home she rang Sylvester but he said it was not a good time. He would get back to her soon. He missed her.

Strike one! Deanna took note….

She maintained her composure over the phone, but after hanging up she grumbled, “Who the fuck do you think you are Boy-o? Not a good time? Well, we’ll see…”

While she seethed, Janus came wandering down the hall, fiddling with his backside and he asked her, “You know what I think?”

She did not answer. She did not care. She was fuming. How dare Sylvester let her down when she needed him? She was of half a mind to ask Janus what the Hell he was up to playing with his bottom all the time. But he was so contrary. If she showed any concern he was liable to keep doing it purely to annoy her. She did not want to hear his voice, or anything he might have to say. She was sick of listening to him, he was useless. Because of his total lack of co-operation Deanna had to hire a gardener and a maid to come in once a week. It was a mistake she knew, with her life. To have around the place the prying ears and eyes of strangers, it was a risk….

Meanwhile Janus helped with nothing. Everything he did was a source of aggravation. She remembered the time he once sat in the kitchen for an hour scribbling on paper until she became curious. The way he eyed her with a smile as he drew made her think he was sketching her. She finally peeped over his shoulder to see an amateurish outline of a flabby figure sitting on a rock, as though inspired by Rodin’s Thinker and portrayed by a semi-talented ape. Janus said it was a self-portrait he might use on the cover for a book of his comedy routines.

Deanna sneered, “It looks more like the Buddha squatting on a toilet.”

The stupid sketch lay round the breakfast bar for days. She was sick of looking at it, but refused to acknowledge its existence. The paper gathered spots and crescent-shaped stains of coffee until in exasperation she screwed it in a ball and tossed the crude drawing in the dustbin.

“Where is my artwork?” Janus asked the minute it was gone, though while there he paid it no attention.

“You mean the Buddha on the ‘loo… I threw it in the trash bin… where it belongs.”

He smiled.

His indifference infuriated her. After that, he referred to the dustbin as Nirvana, like it was some joke she was supposed to share. Was it any surprise she needed the help of a psychiatrist? She needed someone to listen. She wanted a source of sense she saw no way of finding in her home life. And if her affections strayed from time to time, what harm did it do? If a whore-hunting husband refused to mend the fence between he and his wife, how could a neglected woman be blamed for having her needs met somehow? Janus was lucky she returned to him. He was lucky she had not thrown him out on his ear… yet! The only reason she could think of was mere habit… beyond that her only excuse was convenience. She could not understand why she did return to him, and maybe one day she wouldn’t. But the thought of getting rid of him came with the thought of him not being there. It gave her goose-bumps, bad goose-bumps.

“One of these days,” Deanna grumbled so many times she became sick of the words - but they returned to her lips again and again.

Each time she uttered the words her lips drew tighter and thinner. Every time she savoured the thought of being rid of Janus, she went weak at the thought of him not being there when she needed him….

Shaking her head once again she repeated her mantra, “One of these days…..”

The light-globe in the ceiling went ping! She grumbled into the kitchen and back again, and she climbed on a chair and changed the globe herself, rather than asking Janus to do it and allowing him the satisfaction of being slightly useful.



Chapter 18


“It’s a miracle of evolution that men are not born with their penis growing on their faces. 
But if they were - sneezing would become an Olympic sport.” - Hugh Janus.


Following the success of Janus and his impromptu strip show, Henri had a new banner installed in the street at the entrance above the Club. The advertisement shone with fresh colour and two lines of enlarged lettering. They read Comedy Sensation - Hugh Janus. Beneath the dominant lines at an angle was a head shot of Janus from a photograph ten years old, cut in the shape of a Star, with below that, like an afterthought, in normal-sized font the words Henri’s Club.

Janus liked it. He admired the new poster for several minutes before going downstairs. Behind him in the street he heard a couple nearby muttering excitedly.

“That was him!”

The words rang sweetly in his ears.

Henri grabbed Janus by the shirt when he came through the entry curtain. Janus remained pleasantly disturbed by the echoing ring of recognition. If That was him, who was he now? He barely listened as Henri told him to go easy next time he introduced the dance spot.

“Forget that crap. And don’t go straight back onstage after she comes off. Build up the suspense. Keep them waiting. You’re the star of the show,” Henri said. “She doesn’t add anything.”

While Daisy was dancing, Janus slipped out to the bar to have a drink though Henri disapproved. Henri sidled up to Janus followed by his two thugs.

“Take it easy, Champ,” said Henri. “You need to stay sharp when you’re on top.”

Henri pointed out his shifty-eyed journalist-mate down the bar, “Go have another word with that prick. Butter him up. He may be useful.”

Janus screwed his face. The journo watched the stage where Daisy threw herself about valiantly under the bright lights. But the guy’s eyes followed Candy as she rushed to and fro with beads of sweat dripping from her. Janus noticed. It bugged him. He felt like punching the weird punk to teach him manners, but he knew he was close to deserving the same thing… for the same reason. He turned his gaze toward Candy and he smiled heartily when she winked.

Henri whispered to Janus, “He writes the little reviews for the Sunday News and the Morning News. He said you’re more newsworthy than Stiffy Wunda. But the editors are the problem.”

“Maybe they’re racists,” Janus grumbled sullenly.

“It’s because you’re a local act,” Henri said. “But don’t worry they’ll wake up to themselves. They can’t ignore you now. You’re drawing crowds as big as The Nut-house. And those bastards headline three acts a night. We’ll soon beat them, billing just you on your own.”

“Don’t forget Daisy too.”

“She’s finished. I just haven't told her yet. I’ve already arranged to pass her on. We don’t need her,” Henri scoffed with an air of only vague interest, as he surveyed the crowd packing in.

“And I certainly don't want her. She's stacking on the pounds and the strip joints are doing porn shows. We can’t compete with that. Not with Daisy’s aerobatics. Plus, don't forget she stabbed me. I can't let her get away with that. I should have dealt with her, one way or the other long ago. I'm getting soft in my old age. Not only down there!”

Janus glared at Henri, as Candy leaned topless and tattooed across the bar awash with spilled drink. The rubber-backed bar mats were saturated and no longer absorbed the slops that dripped over the edge to stain the grimy carpet. The girl bellowed in Henri’s ear.

“Henri! If you don’t put on help behind the bar, I’m quitting. I mean it.”

“I’ve advertised. What more can I do?”

“Come and help me, please!”

“Maybe I should put Daisy behind the bar instead of onstage,” Henri chuckled as he waddled on his way to assist behind the bar, and he turned to Janus and shouted, “That new sign out front was a brainwave. Do you think Deanna would put in a couple of shifts of bar work?”

“Don’t be stupid,” Janus shouted back.

Henri chuckled at his great joke, “I should ask her. Shit! Can you imagine? She would go off her trolley. Ha-ha-ha…”

Henri’s voice faded abruptly with the grumbling, spurting sound of the new glass-washing machine. Life to Janus was running smooth, purring as slickly as the shiny machine. Everything was thriving, so well Janus began to feel paranoid, remembering last time he felt this good everything turned shit-face and he got his head kicked in. The injuries to his ribs and face had cleared with little trace, nonetheless he learnt his lesson. The one time when he didn’t just sit back and let life take its natural course, the first time he showed an ounce of initiative, worse shit happened, psycho-shit! He thought of Paris, with a nostalgic pang, and a sense of guilt. He hoped she was okay. While his mind wandered his eyes glazed in the direction of Daisy dancing for her life in the spotlight, not knowing Henri had her in his sights, ready to pull the lever and send her plummeting through the trapdoor! Janus hoped she would be okay too, whatever happened…

*

The cash register behind the bar rang hot. Now each time the till sounded, Janus heard it like a bell tolling for Daisy. Janus scratched himself, considering his own mortality. He wondered when his time might run out, both professionally and in life. In the meantime, he fretted to know what he was worth. Henri never mentioned money in that way. When Janus mentioned it the conversation went nowhere. Other venues paid top comics a proper appearance fee, on occasion plus commissions, and many did only one set a night, while still Janus after doing his three spots was never sure what Henri would pay him, if at all. Good reviews and a packed house fed the ego, and Henri’s pocket…. but not Janus’s.

One review read: “The audience at Henri’s Club cannot get enough of the unpredictable Hugh Janus. On this night mercifully the volatile Mr Janus left the exotic dancing to the nightclub’s buxom bevy of one.”

Now as Janus made his way through the Club various voices muttered, “That’s him!” and “There he goes!”

“Sorry, Mr Janus,” a newly-hired waitress shouted as she rubbed her body against him in the crush, “I didn’t see you.”

She was skinny as a greyhound. Her mouth neared his face as she apologised. Janus took a second look and thought he wouldn’t mind smelling more of her breath. There was uproar in the crowd. Onstage Daisy snatched her flapping G-string. That was unusual. It caught his eye. Half-covering up in panic she dashed behind the curtain. Before she was gone she turned and smiled bravely round the place, before disappearing. It was a weird change to normal and the big fanny-flash did no harm, though it made little impact on Janus. He was pissed off. He was jealous of waitresses and bar staff. They were paid union rates and received regular wages. They knew they were worth something. He never really minded the money so much. He felt unvalued that was all, especially since he became a genuine headline act, a comedy sensation with more to come perhaps. It was professional pride not greed that caused him to sulk.

“You’re packing them in again tonight, Champ,” Marty chuckled as Janus skipped up the steps to the backroom. “Henri is over the moon. Anybody who’s anybody has been here to see you. Here have a beer, there’s plenty of time before you need to go on.”

“Get fucked,” Janus growled.

Janus took the beer but he didn’t feel like drinking. He found Daisy crying in the backroom, slumped in a cane chair with her face buried into folded arms.

“What’s up?”

She removed her tassels and with the G-string in her hand flung them at the wall.

“Stupid rubbish!” she cried. “They don’t make anything properly anymore. The damn catch snapped in the middle of my dance. Henri is right. I am getting too fat.”

Janus recalled the incident on stage. He had observed but it did not register at the time. It was nothing, but Daisy was over-reacting and he felt sorry for her. He imagined how she would feel if she knew what her real problem was.

“Don’t be upset. The crowd loved you. Didn’t you hear them? They went wild. They thought it was part of your act. It looked hot. Honestly it just seemed natural.”

“They’ll think it’s a strip show,” she whimpered, her small eyes more pathetic than ever.

“It's undignified. You don’t know what it means to me. I feel demeaned.”

Janus felt sorry for the poor kid. But she was silly. He shut the door and locked the World outside. She needed a friend right there and then, he could tell. He patted her bare shoulder and she placed her hand over his. She looked away, her face sagged, her head lowered, she sniffled with quick breaths and black tears fell to the floor between her legs. Janus wanted to hold her, but he was afraid of being swallowed by the depth of her need. He felt an urge to tell her to jazz up her act before Henri cut her off the bill, but he knew she would be crushed by that. Or she might explode. There was no telling how she would overreact. Janus wanted to help her, to give reassurance. She looked helpless and vulnerable. He sighed. The right thing was to frankly tell her the truth. Then he remembered the beating he took last time he tried to do the right thing.

“There’ll be no complaints,” Janus consoled her. “They liked it, Daisy. I was out there. It gave your performance punch. I saw it. You were unreal. It looked classy. You deserve attention, so take it. Just be yourself. You are a sensual phenomenon, Baby. You should not have one speck of self-doubt about that. Honestly, if you sat out there on a chair reading a frigging newspaper in your slippers and dressing gown they should be lucky to watch you do that.”

“Classy? Do you mean that?” she stared gratefully.

“Of course, you’re a doll! Damn it, I can hardly take my eyes off you half the time.”

Daisy laughed with lumps of mascara washed down her cheeks in black streams.

“If I’d known I would have at least shaved properly. I was thinking of it anyway. But you know what really upsets me? Henri says I’m getting fat and old fashioned. What do you think?”

“Don’t be silly. You look great. The audience want you. They want you. You heard them. They can’t wait to see you again. Just give them what they want. They love you because you’re real. No need to shave….”

He had the cruel thought she was too old for that, with a vision of menopausal pre-pubescence to match her crazy leaping eyebrows. Giving what was on his mind a miss, Janus soothed Daisy more tenderly.

“That’s not the point. You do a real show. And the patch looks great! Damn it, especially these days, with all these tin-pot strip joints with bony bald pussies a dime-a-dozen. They’re no more than Sub-Teenage-Virgin impersonators. Next thing they’ll all be shaving their heads and wearing nappies. You’re different. You have a touch of elegance, with your whole show, compared to what’s around these days. Classy is the best way to put it. Chin up, Buttercup!”

She laughed and as her face brightened she curled her arm round his neck.

“Thanks, Darling. You're so wicked and naughty. You’re the classy one.”

She closed her eyes. Her lips drew near his face.

“You’re so sweet…”

 Janus untangled himself, “Hey! Let’s not change the subject. We’ve got a show to do.”

“You didn’t say that last time,” she cooed.

“Five minutes, Mr Janus,” Henri’s voice called from outside the door.

Janus looked alarmed and Daisy grinned.

“What the fuck is that about?” Janus grumbled. “Mister?!!!”

His mind was murky when Janus reached the backside of the curtain behind stage. He was exhausted before going on. Dealing with Daisy had totally drained him. He wanted to be alone with his head curled in the crook of his own arm in a dark place where there was no noise and no sea of faces staring at him. Onstage he confronted a barrage of eager eyes accompanied by wide-spread smiles of expectation in the dimness. The place was packed. He began an old routine lazily, intending to ease into newer material. But people laughed loudly anyway. He got stuck in the rut of doing old jokes. His mind stumbled as he fumbled through a string of gags and crowd hilarity.

“In Heaven the newly-forgiven sinners are forced to listen all day to the prayers of the living down here on Earth…. Man, it freaks them out. They can’t believe we are all so stupid….

“The prayers are delivered to Heaven daily by truckloads of computers. Don’t ask me how that works, I’m an atheist…. One thing I do know is - of course up in Heaven the Atheists control everything - because they are the only ones God can rely on to do anything without running to him every five minutes with problems, and pestering him…. and of course, things aren’t problem-free there either. They have a shortage of haloes in Heaven - due to the worldwide plague of Roman Catholic saints back in the twentieth century….”

Janus felt flat. He accidentally left out a few bits and covered the gaps off the top of his head.

“You know, Heaven is not all it’s cracked up to be. Nor is it a place to be avoided at all costs… as the medical industry seems to think. Let’s face it, dying is Not So Bad…. it’s the last bit of living that usually is such a Screaming Bummer! Fuck that…”

Janus pretended to strangle himself with his tongue out making a hideous gurgle. Laughter flowed. When people laughed at anything, nothing felt funny anymore. Janus was half-thinking with sorrow for Daisy, when he saw a grey-haired black face among whites in the front row. It was Stiffy Wunda with two white guys, two well-known comics, the pin-head pin-up Flip Smith and weird, buck-toothed Cheesy Forskyn.

Janus was flying on automatic pilot with his gas tanks empty.

“In Heaven the wealthy and powerful ghosts and angels have their assholes confiscated, to stop them shitting on everybody like they did back in their lifetime down here on Earth….

“And you know, true story, Heaven is locked in perpetual darkness due to the clouds of blind faith rising up from below….

“And all the sex tourists among the angels line up at the Pearly Gates to go to Hell for their vacations….”

He left out a few good bits, but the crowd laughed anyway. Janus felt nasty and it showed in his voice.

“As some of you may have heard, I’m just back from a tour of Baghdad. I spent the last three days there, in front of my TV.

“Woah boy! Isn’t war a beautiful thing? If you don’t believe human beings are architects of our own destruction, Hey Man - you ain’t been to Baghdad, Baby!”

“What the hell is he on about?” Henri grumbled. “Is he crazy? Why doesn’t he stick with the jokes?”

“Do you want me to turn off the lights?” Candy asked. “He might take off his clothes again.”

Henri snarled, “Leave the jokes to the idiot onstage….”

Janus rambled on, “Human beings are really bad Man! Did you know? God created Man in his own image? All I can say is God must be a Hell of one Ugly Cunt!”

A young bearded kid near stage shouted out an unimaginative insult and caught Janus by surprise; he laughed at it, then in his friendliest tone of voice enquired of the heckler, “Did I just crap myself in my pants?  Or is that smell of shit coming out of your mouth?”

The whole place cracked up and Janus found himself unable to stifle a yawn and people laughed at that too. The laughter reminded him of the same uproar he heard when Daisy’s G-string snapped in the middle of her act, and he felt sorry for her, especially sorry that she knew nothing of Henri’s plan to get rid of her.

“Fuck me dead!” Janus groaned. “Talk about mindless destruction, all the wars and poverty, and progress and suffering? Get out and kick God’s ass. Don’t let him blame the Devil. You know the Devil doesn’t really exist, it’s just one of God’s trading names! He just diversifies his dirty work!

“Down at my house for instance, he’s got my wife doing his dirty work! He has her planning My Destruction…. Oh well, I can’t complain. She’s an angel!

“Sure, she might be ruining my life, but… she IS doing God’s work! And the way we're going here, you and me… between you beautiful people and me… we might just finish the job off right here…. on this stage here tonight!”

Janus gave a long lazy smile toward the nearby heckler, avoiding the eyes of the comedians in the audience.

“Come on pal… help me out here.”

The bearded guy joined in the laughter. The more Janus wore on, more helplessly drunks in the crowd cackled. Janus felt he was feeding crumbs to seagulls. They were insatiable, the drunks belting tables with their hands and laughing the whole time. Janus glanced toward the front and he saw the three famous comics were gone. Others sat in their chairs. Janus was relieved. He was embarrassed. He was disappointed the comics walked out. If he had known they were coming he would have used more impressive material. He stopped feeling sorry for Daisy…. and he took over feeling sorry for himself.

Janus slunk backstage after the set. Voices drowned in applause. Janus was not interested in anything anyone had to say. His shoulder was seized in a firm grip that halted him and spun him round. He found himself confronted by Stiffy, Flip and Cheesy. Janus almost tripped over his feet as Stiffy dragged him to the backroom, where Daisy stood alone smoking nervously with her arms folded, ready to go onstage.

“This is a dressing room?” Cheesy sneered, looking round jealously, “It's ten times bigger than the cupboard I've got now.”

“Hey Baby. You look great tonight,” Stiffy greeted Daisy and introduced his two companions.

She looked aghast at Cheesy's yellow buck-teeth flashing at her. She shrugged and flashed her faultless pearly veneers. Then she withdrew in her stage-finery toward the door.

“See you later, Baby,” Stiffy called as she went.

Daisy turned to slowly eye him up and down, while he did the same to her. She removed the cigarette from her plastic red lips. For a moment it was like sex at ten paces, each daring the other to take the next thrust.

She said with a smile, “I’ll be back.”

Stiffy said, “I’ll be here.”

Janus felt a strange de ja vu without knowing why. Before he could guess what, Cheesy surveyed the vicinity with his eye focused on a partly-hidden old fridge.

“What about a drink?” he said, heading toward the fridge.

Janus said. “That’s just there for mice and rats to hide behind.”

Then he yelled, “Hey, Marty! Get the boys some beers!”

Marty appeared red-faced from behind the fridge and the huge curtain hiding it.
 
“S-s-sure, sure,” Marty stammered. “No problem. I was ah…. Er… just looking for something there, you know? I’ll be right back.”

“I really dig this guy,” Stiffy said, slapping Janus on the back. “He’s not one of your gammon bullshit-artists. He’s a real deal dinkum bullshit-artist.”

Janus apologised for the quality of his material in his act tonight. He said he wished he’d done his good stuff.

Cheesy nodded, “I never do my good stuff. I’m scared Stiffy will steal it.”

“I would too, if you had any.” Stiffy said.

Flip Smith touched Janus on the forearm and said, “Nice tattoo!”

He read the words aloud, “Fear No Cunt!” and he laughed.

“Where’ve you been?” Cheesy sneered. “Don’t tell me you never heard about it. That tattoo is more famous round here than Janus is himself. Isn’t it?”

“Not for much longer I’ll bet,” Stiffy laughed.

Banter and friendly insults flowed to and fro, till Marty reappeared with beers for the guys and one for himself.  Marty made Janus sick, the way he fawned over the famous guys till the beers were drunk. Cheesy and Flip soon said they had to go, and Janus asked Marty to see them out. Janus locked the door behind them quietening the music from outside. Soon there was a knock at the door.

Janus yelled, “Fuck off!”

Stiffy advised Janus that now he was famous he should be more polite, or people would think he was big-headed. Then Stiffy yelled twice as loud as Janus.

“Fuck off, please!”

Janus said to Stiffy. “I’m jealous of you. You’re so naturally funny. The way you smile and suck the audience in, it’s infectious. You’re totally professional. I just do shit…. like tonight. Man, I was embarrassed when I saw you there with those two guys. You three are comedy icons.”

“Hey Man! I didn't come to see comedy. I’m sick of comedy – it’s my job! I came to see you. Don’t kid yourself. We’re all the same, just products. I'm a fucking product. Black washing powder, that's me. Cheesy doesn't do comedy. He does recitations. He does the same act word for word every gig, for six months at a time. And Flip pays a gang of guys for his gags. His old man bankrolls the whole deal. It’s really his Dad’s act. None of it is Flip’s. Comedy is just another business, its White Culture…. you know that, you’re an old-timer now. Those guys should look up to you, Uncle.”

“Thanks. I just know I’d feel a lot happier if I got half the laughs you do.”

“Sure they laugh… most time I feel my brain is being gang-banged by drunks. The hardest part of my job is grinning like a slut like I’m enjoying it. I envy you. You get out there and do any shit…. bang, too bad if they don’t like it. You are totally uncalculated, almost innocent, in a yucky way! I wish I had the guts to do it free-fall like you do. Your stuff tonight wasn’t great, but you didn’t act like it was. That’s the difference. You see Cheesy do his act? He acts like everything he says is hilarious, but it’s not. The suckers fall for it like sheep lining up to be shorn or crutched. He only gets away with it because of that weird-looking head on him. Total bullshit….”

“Man, this is cool,” said Janus. “You know what gets me? Even when your jokes aren’t all that funny it’s the way you say things with that infectious smile. It makes people laugh. I can’t do that.”

“Well that’s what they come for. They want to laugh. The more they laugh the less I need to work, eh.”

“At least you know what you’re doing.

“Ha-ha…. turn on the charm like a tap. I got no shame. But it’s all the same. Some nights I feel like I’m pissing on their faces… and they love it, that’s the bit that fucks my head. The easier it gets the less good it feels, believe me.”

“How do you do it?” Janus asked. “They laugh at everything. It’s uncanny how you get them.”

“It’s a con,” Stiffy said. “People never used to laugh at my gags in the old days when I was shy. My material was funny-as. I stole some of the best jokes round. From the library and all, real funny stuff but shit, no one laughed much. Then I started grinning all the time like I do now. And they started laughing. At first I just did it because I felt nervous when I was trying to remember my next line. I used to have all these mental blockages. I was so nervous I used to leak piss Man, so I just grinned like an idiot, you know, the same as you do when you’re a kid trying to get out of trouble at school….”

The dull Boom-boom music died down outside. Janus wandered over to the door and unclicked the lock.

Stiffy chuckled, “Then when I saw how good the trick worked I just practised it and did it all the time. I got better at it too. I worked out there’s different grins and smiles. All the white guys do it. They have one or two trick looks. A black fella to be anything needs twice as much going for him than a white fella, so I have half a dozen.”

Stiffy shot of grin at Janus, then a menacing scowl. Janus shook his head amazed.

“That one is my Don’t fuck with me look. It’s my natural expression, and the oldest one I use on stage. I learned it in school to protect myself.”

Stiffy laughed, “It got me in more trouble than it ever got me out of.”

The door to the room banged opened. Glittering with sweat Daisy rushed in dangling her G-string like a trophy. Stiffy’s eyes met hers and audaciously strayed downward with bold candour. Daisy noticed. She posed. Stiffy’s low gaze remained fixed while his smile broadened appreciatively. Daisy shook her head slowly at the gall of the guy, with no attempt to mask his randy interest.

“It’s all too complicated for me,” Janus said trying to regain Stiffy’s attention.

“Well, I hope the bastards enjoyed that!” Daisy laughed, wiping down her hard breathing belly.

“Dunno about the bastards out there, but I’m enjoying it,” Stiffy said, with one of the smiles he had shown Janus. “You’re making me smile all over.”

Stiffy swung with his hips in her direction. Daisy snorted. She’d had enough of eyes all over her on stage to last a while. She noticed Janus looked like a sullen child. She watched the two men while she dabbed a fluffy towel over her face, breasts and inner thighs. Janus was like a woman charmed by Stiffy. They were talking about Stiffy’s smiles and to Daisy it was a ridiculous conversation.

“But this is my favourite,” Stiffy said to Janus.

Daisy saw a black hand with the pale fingertips touch Janus lightly on the forearm, almost a caress, as Stiffy tilted his head with a pathetic, ingratiating smile.

“I copied that from a hungry little skinny kid in the street in Moree. I saw him there one night begging for a feed,” Stiffy said. “It's a knock out isn't it?”



Chapter 19


“When I was a kid the people next door to us were poorer than we were. 
The guy next door built a corrugated-iron slippery slide for his wife 
because he couldn’t afford to buy her a vibrator.”- Hugh Janus.


Janus felt increasingly famous as audiences swelled and strangers recognised him in the street. People rang on the telephone. Even Deanna took him seriously a bit. She showed him a newspaper clipping that tagged him “compulsively repulsive”. And he wondered what it all meant. He went to Blanche's house without first calling on the phone. He knocked confidently on her door. Some guy Janus did not know stuck his head out her bedroom window and growled, “What do you want?”

It was a question Janus was unable to answer even to himself as he went away.

After the nightly show, one early morning, he said goodnight to Daisy as she left the almost deserted nightclub. Janus prepared to leave too, first taking a crap in the back loo before going, and as he came out of the cubicle Henri came in through the outer toilet door, holding his gut, groaning. He clutched at the wall beside the rusted napkin-incinerator. He began to buckle at the knees and stagger.

“Are you okay,” Janus gasped.

He grabbed Henri, trying to hold his breath after the big man released a burble of putrid gas.

“I'll be okay,” Henri panted gratefully. “But you better get out of here. I'm still not convinced the bitch isn't somehow poisoning me. Oh God, it hurts. I got that many tablets inside me they're clogging up my guts.”

He whimpered, “I think half the time these medicines are fighting against each other, and they don't even know it. It's usually worse than this, I can tell you. Just help me to the can….”

Janus was sweating when he got out of there. The sweat was only in-part from exertion. On his way from the violently foul air of the dunny Janus heard Henri loudly grumble. His eye caught the glow of the desk light in Henri’s rat-hole office next door. Janus idly stepped in to turn off the light and hesitated.

On the desk, in the glow of light lay a large metal box. A tiny, elegantly ornamental key protruded from the lock. Fine fluted metal strips extended along the edges to meet at corners in discrete flourishes. The blackened brass embellishments, like the main casing were worn smooth and bright in places. Light focused on the box and drew Janus. His hand extended toward it. Henri's voice suddenly made Janus jump.

Henri was swearing his head off in the toilet, begging for mercy, for God’s sake…. then he went on groaning, sometimes grunting. Janus looked back at the box. He saw his hand was trembling. He checked over his shoulder. Then the key went Click!

The metal box flipped open to reveal a bunch of important looking documents. Janus flicked through them. Curiosity killed the cat, he knew, but he could not hold back. The metal box contained several passports of different colours. He almost closed the box lid. But, hearing Henri moan again, with heart-thumping curiosity Janus dared to pluck out a shiny blue passport bearing a coat of arms and the word Australia. He flicked it open. Like a trick, it was totally blank inside. Others, some freshly printed, others dog-eared and battered, he hastily glanced through. Two antique passports from different nations had photographs of Henri when much younger, but under different names. In one Henri resembled the younger Stalin with the name of Andre Lansky. It was greasy with age and page-edges stained with what could have been old ink or blood. Janus shook his head unsurprised but wondering what it was all about. Henri was such an enigma. Then his eyes narrowed onto the other shiny blue one.

His heart thumped harder as he read his own name: Hugh Janus. But the photograph was not his. It was the face of a stranger.

He glanced over his shoulder, afraid to pry further, whatever secrets the documents beneath the passports might reveal. He strained to breathe. Tense ribs squeezed his lungs. As his heart skipped several beats, he listened for the dull drone of Henri grunting and groaning, and whimpering, cursing Daisy's cooking and “filthy-rotten bastard doctors”.

Janus hesitated at the drawer where Henri kept his handgun. He slipped the fake passport with his name into his pocket and flicked off the desk light. He closed the metal box. In the dim light he turned to go, but at the doorway he stopped, listening. There was a man’s laughter from afar, outside in the Club’s main arena, and much closer the dripping of water, and Henri groaning on the other side of the wall, followed by a sound similar to a ship being launched in the distance, and Henri’s mighty shivering sigh, followed by what felt like a silence. With intense ringing in his ears, sweat leaking from every pore of his being and suddenly madly itching, Janus returned to the desk and put the passport back where he found it. He scratched his bum furiously with one hand as he closed the metal box and clicked it locked. With the hem of his T-shirt he wiped his sweaty handprints from the box lid.

*

Henri’s heavy panting voice was loudly thanking God. That… was over. The toilet flushed and Janus heard it with relief… that meant he had time to get away.

Before Janus scurried to safety he turned on the desk light and left things behind him as he found them. As he dashed down the corridor scratching himself he heard behind him the toilet flushed again.

Rushing into the heart of the Club Janus halted. In his path sat three hard-faced men at Henri's table, with Henri's empty chair guarded by the regular thugs standing by. Two of the seated men Janus knew by sight, one the ugliest man Janus had ever seen, the hideous one who Marty called The Russian, the other a memorable face distinguished by an impressive scar, the one who Daisy said was Henri’s you know. The third man’s face Janus had only ever seen once before. He had seen the third man’s face when he saw the photograph in the fake passport! He tried to avoid acting alarmed, but too late.

His jaw dropped as though he had seen his own ghost.

“Where's Henri?” said the one with the thick scar near his mouth.

Janus replied casually, “Er… I think he’s having a shit.”

The scarred one laughed and said, “Still?”

“Where do you think you're going,” said the Russian.

“Home….”

The ugliest of the three shook his head.

“Why don't you take a seat and just wait till Henri gets back?”

It didn't sound a request. Janus sat without thinking in Henri's chair. Without a word he waited, while the three men watched him silently.

Henri appeared, wiping his hands and face on a towel, saying, “Thank God that's over.”

He looked surprised to see Janus there, then questioningly at his friends. One after the other they shrugged.

Henri reached inside his coat, Janus felt sure Henri was reaching for a gun, but instead Henri drew from his breast pocket a bunch of papers. Janus pretended to not look. He was relieved none looked like the passport in his name. He stole a glance at the third man and gulped when he saw the man staring hard at him. Janus looked away and saw Henri drew from the inside pocket on the other side of his coat a fresh new blue passport and handed it to the man whose picture Janus had seen in the passport that bore his name.

Henri said, “This is for you, my friend.”

The guy took it and Henri said to Janus, “Get out of my chair, you fuck. What are you doing hanging round? Christ almighty. What is this? Now you're taking over the whole operation? Who do you think you are - your bloody wife?”

Henri laughed and started talking as though Janus was not there. Janus made his way to the door, Henri blabbed to the strange guys, “Don't worry about him he's nothing. Yeah. I’ll get it for you in a moment, but don’t forget how much depends on the other thing. No fuck ups. You do your part and there’ll be drinks all round.”

Janus turned to wave as he left. The familiar faces of Henri’s two thugs remained blank. The scarred face of the visitor did not move, only his cold eyes followed Janus. The Russian sneered. The total stranger sat expressionlessly, almost invisibly, and as he did so he flicked through the pages of the blue passport.

Breathing fresh air swirling in the street outside the Club, Janus was oblivious to people going by. They were to him no more than scraps of paper blowing in the wind. He stared at his name on the poster with less pleasure than usual, but soothed to see the photograph of his face by his name, and not someone else’s.

Whatever Henri was up to Janus hoped it did not affect him. He knew nothing about it, and he suspected he did not want to know. His mind squirmed eerily. Though he had seen the man’s photograph in the passport in his name, and he stared at the man at close quarters, if not for a long moment at least eye to eye, he did not remember a single feature of the fellow’s appearance. It was uncanny, as though the man had not been there at all. That's how it was with Henri's mysterious friends. They were more like shadows than true beings, drifting in and drifting out again, unnoticeable. They would make good spies, if they weren't already, Janus thought.

“What’s up with you?”

Janus blinked. There was Stiffy Wunda smiling at him in the street outside the Club. They grabbed a taxi-cab with no particular place to go. They had the cabbie detour through a bottle shop and Janus suggested they visit his friend, Blanche.

“She’s cool,” said Janus with his fingers crossed.

Janus was inside freaked out by the passport. But he was pleased to not be alone. He hoped, on the other hand, that Blanche was alone. The mystery man using his name worried Janus more than anything. He was glad to get to Blanche’s place, but when she opened the door she seemed disappointed to see him, and suspicious of Stiffy. The sight of the bottles they carried cheered her immediately.

“Come in. Why didn’t you ring and warn me you were coming?”

The place was a mess. She didn’t apologise. Two hours later Blanche and Stiffy had done all the talking, and most of the drinking. Blanche asked Janus one more time what was bugging him. This time she insisted he answer her.

“There are two things that cause most worry,” said Blanche. “Guilt and failure, which is it with you?”

That's how smart she was. Probably she had never seen a fake passport in her own name. She would worry too, Janus was sure anyone would. But what could he do?

He shrugged and again said nothing.

He was worried, but he had nothing to feel guilty about. All the same, he wondered about the new Hugh Janus with the fake passport. Janus brooded.

Clearly something was up with him. He barely said a word. Blanche and Stiffy had a laugh psycho-analysing Janus. With no idea of his problems, they agreed Janus needed to relax. And stuff like that. It was easy for them to laugh. As she wandered off, no doubt to her room for an injection, Blanche laughed over her shoulder.

“He's depressed a lot these days. It’s the lass named Candy at the Club. He’s got the hots for her. Maybe she's into antiques.”

Janus let it slide. While Blanche was gone, Stiffy told a couple of rotten jokes, too filthy even for these modern times to do onstage. When Blanche came back she fell asleep beside them. She snored with a cute little old lady snuffle. Janus worried in silence about the fake passport. He felt betrayed and violated. Stiffy was raving drunk, gulping bourbon like mineral water straight from the bottle, and he appeared to not realise that Janus did not participate in the conversation.

Janus was bursting to say something to Stiffy about the passport, but he was terrified somehow his big mouth might get him into trouble again. He doubted Henri’s patience. Janus rested against Blanche. Her breathing gently coaxed him toward sleep. His mind dragged worries into his dreams. Soon he partly opened his eyes. Senselessly, he wriggled to another position. Then Janus roused from his dream uneasy, drowsily sinking in warm ease…. He quivered. He shuddered, opening his eyes suddenly, seeing it was no dream he moaned, and reached to stroke Stiffy’s thick grey curls in his lap.

“Oh-h-h,” Janus moaned ambiguously.

Blanche woke with a start and looked at Stiffy on his knees like a lizard swallowing a smaller snake that extended in a bold arch from between the legs of Janus. She looked at the two men, one gagging the other gasping….

“Oh what?” she moaned and closed her eyes to the pornographic hallucination, wondering had her eyes played tricks on her.

Janus froze with a savage jolt at the sound of her voice. When he glanced her way her eyes were shut. Maybe she spoke in her sleep. Later Janus woke her. He said he and Stiffy were leaving, as though nothing had happened. Blanche didn’t mention what she had seen with her mind clear now, she knew exactly what she had seen.

She noticed Janus avoided looking at Stiffy. Stiffy looked pleased with himself and he picked up the conversation from the night before.

Blanche laughed, carrying on with her psycho-analysis.

“The trouble is Hugh has no children. He has no real sense of reality. He doesn’t even communicate with his folks you know. He has no idea of what it is like to be a parent.”

“I don’t talk to my family,” Janus explained. “It saves a lot of aggravation. I haven’t seen them in years. We don’t get on. They don't even like me, especially my father.”

“What about brothers and sisters?”

“They were all younger than me. I hardly knew them, little goody-goodies, total strangers to me now.”

Stiffy said he could never turn his back on his mob, his family meant everything. Blanche said the same.

Stiffy said to Janus, “That’s why I’m jealous of you working in the one town all the time…. not travelling here-there-and-every-fucking-where. I’d get to see my missus all the time, and my kids….”

“You’ve got kids?” Janus raised his eyebrows without looking directly at Stiffy. “You never mention them.”

“I certainly don’t mention them in my act. I would never make fun of my family. They’re too precious to me.”

“How many?” Blanche asked, and when Stiffy replied, she said she had three, two boys and a girl, all grown and far away though she was glad they kept in touch, although they didn’t often come home.

“They are ashamed of me….” she said. “Not without reason.”

When she showed Janus and Stiffy to the door Blanche hugged them in turn. She hugged Stiffy longer, clinging to his bony shoulders in response to his eager embrace, and was surprised by his firmness and ardour. She let him hold her tight, with unexpected warmth. She could feel him enjoying it as he rubbed into her. And she watched them go with a twinge of jealousy. They enjoyed serious purpose in their lives. As Stiffy limped behind Janus down the path they chatted, and Blanche felt deflated when she heard Janus say over his shoulder to Stiffy, “You’re the first person in my life who ever took my act seriously.”

“Well, don’t get carried away,” Stiffy laughed. “I don’t know shit….”

Blanche shook her head as she watched them go, feeling left behind in more ways than one.



Chapter 20


“I never aspired to failure. But I don’t fear it. 
Who wants to be a successful zombie?” 
- Hugh Janus.


As his life slowly cranked in close around him, compressing densely, Janus desperately clung to his former levity. He was not accustomed to seriousness. It was forced on him. He preferred to let things slide, yet they began to log-jam with doubt and apprehension. He was thinking of Stiffy on Blanche’s couch, almost feeling again soft curls thick between his fingers, and the shock of Blanche’s voice uttering the words, Oh what? The sound of her voice was less shocking than the dreamy pleasure that woke him, less shocking than the sight of Stiffy’s face smiling up at him behind a curtain of grey curls.

He wished he had never discovered the fake passport he found on Henri’s desk. That’s what led to it all. He wondered what was really going on. At the same time he was in no doubt, he did not want to know. Nonetheless, curiosity powered by a sense of injustice drove Janus to return against his better judgement to Henri’s rat-hole at the Club. As he went, he knew he should not go… creeping, almost not breathing…. but there was no sign of the worn metal box of worrisome documents in Henri’s office, nor was there anything more untoward than the usual. He was tempted to fossick through cabinets, under the clutter and opening drawers but he was terrified of leaving some sign that may be detected by Henri. Janus fled to the ‘loo where he dry-retched.

How suddenly life had changed. The recent glow of his popularity waned under worries. He lost interest in everything, his performances lacked zing. He couldn’t even vomit properly when he tried. His only contribution at home was the mess he created for Deanna to complain about. Watching TV was a bore. He found himself for hours looking at the screen and seeing nothing.

His miseries deepened when Deanna informed him she would be having friends around. He imagined the imminent invasion, a night of oppressive sociability, insults and pizzas. With relief he realised the occasion coincided with his attendance at the Club.

When Deanna's friends arrived, Janus departed. One said hello politely, the other hard-eyed him disrespectfully and shook her head, and with Janus gone she declared, “The truth is if any man were half what he should be, psychiatrists would not be necessary.”

As always Deanna's friends were right. Deanna described them as perspicacious. She changed them for others if they were not. She changed them often enough in any event. After all they were simply décor in the façade of her normal life. Friends in Deanna’s line of business were a disposal utility. It was rare for her to dine with friends at home. The hassle and mess were worthless, but sometimes it is nice to be able to laugh freely, without needing to mince words or lower the voice as in public. In private, ladies might freely smoke dope and plough through powder and in general enjoy themselves disgracefully. For this night she served a restaurant takeaway on plates under false pretence as a home-made creation. The friends chortled gaily when Deanna confessed the obvious deception.

It was a professional woman's prerogative, they laughingly agreed, just as Dr Sylvester Malone agreed, when Deanna told him, “I’m working full time and I run a household. I have social obligations. I need love. I have desires. I have nee-ee-eeds.”

Deanna cried to Sylvester the previous time she saw him, placing her hand on his knee. He nodded and stroked her knuckles. Somewhere down the hall a vacuum cleaner sucked at carpet. Sylvester’s consultation rooms were locked with blinds drawn. Alone together at last, he moved her hand till her fingers curled round the firm stretch of trouser. He said with a hint of self-mockery, “Yes, of course. Of course I see.”

She relaxed. It was a free consultation, said her dear friend, Sylvester. That was a joke but Deanna did not laugh. She made things crystal clear to him from the start as to where he stood, and what he might expect. When he added it up, he joked she would make him rich.

“I’ll do more than that to you before I’m finished,” she laughed.

Now she collected some of her money’s worth, soaking up comfort, indulgence, a shoulder to cry on, eyes to stare into, sweet breath to share, a strong, clean-smelling body to melt all over…. and most of all an understanding ear….

“I need a wife,” Deanna cried to Dr Malone. “I need a wife to attend to my needs, to help and support me. I need looking after. I don’t even have a husband.”

Sylvester enquired, “And what about poor old Hugh?”

“Hugh….?” Deanna laughed in exasperation. “A husband by definition needs to at least be a man.”

Hypothetically true - or broadly-proven otherwise, her statement was a clear indicator of Deanna’s harsh assessment of her husband’s performance. She dug through her feelings, until she struck bedrock of self-pity and self-hatred. Sylvester nodded in silence, encouraging her to deepen her verbal excavations. And she did, explaining how she was trapped beneath the molten lava of blame and loathing from which all emotion is formed. She enjoyed playing with the big words and big emotions. The images amused her. She said the man she married long ago was now only a deep crack in the surface of her life, an excuse that allowed her fury to erupt. The release of pressure was explosive, as the crack opened. The healing afterward closed under scab-like slag of resentment….

She found Sylvester’s sessions helpful. She told her lady friends of these things, although never in their fullness. The friends were impressed at her new found self-awareness, as she described it. They all knew exactly how she felt from their own experience.
 
The most important thing was Sylvester never tired of listening. Deanna described how like the maker of a maze she had remained too long within that misery of her own creation, lost in it, knowing not where to next turn, for she had tried everything. It was no longer an adventure, but a perpetuation. The marriage had become a drab metaphor for a cushion. At first the cushion gave closeness and pleasure, it felt to begin with like comfort, she snuggled to it. Such nearness closed out and kept away the World. Her eyes, once sheltered from light thus grew blind. The air at first warm and close, then grew stale, turbid and heavy. Now she gasped and struggled to breathe. The cushion of marriage was smothering her.

She said efforts to breathe only served the purpose of further exhaustion. And to make matters more confusing the inept and pathetic fool thought he was becoming a success. There were many things Deanna did not mention, the murky secrets of her muddied life and the constant flow to and fro of favours and gratitude, heavy happenings…. or worse…. to do with her big thing…. none of that did she mention.

Nor did she speak of the mistake Janus made calling the Federal Police, and how it took Deanna to stave off a beating that would have surely killed Janus - and how the ungrateful fool still did not thank her for saving his life. All he did was complain about the little slap around that was necessary to save him. Why she stuck by Janus, even Sylvester had not guessed. Deanna wondered herself. While Sylvester's smile calmed her, his interest flattered her, his gentle touch soothed her sadness, he led her by the hand and she followed his sweet smelling warmth, and for a short while she forgot her problems. Peace of mind turned her on. She could not blame herself if the only respite she found lay in the arms of a man on retainer.

Although she did not tell her friends all this, on hearing what she did tell them, they together sighed, “How lovely.”

When her friends departed after their jolly visit, and before Janus returned, Deanna was alone with her thoughts. She rang Sylvester's number and left a recorded message when he did not answer. She returned glumly to her thoughts. In particular, she thought how easily she would manage if she were free of Janus, whilst considering his growing success, so far small-time and most likely a temporary aberration…. but…. what if it continued to grow. It could be useful.

Deanna’s secret life relied for protection and anonymity on pretext of a day-job as lawyer, the family nightclub business, and her fashionably dysfunctional marriage. If Janus actually became a success, that would add to the depth of her cover. The idea of Janus possibly “making it big”, far-fetched as it seemed, made her think of Uncle Henri and how he would try to manipulate Janus and profit himself. She would not like that. She resolved to protect Janus since he was too stupid to do it himself. She would ensure Uncle Henri paid Hugh his due, and did not try to cut her out of the action either. It was a matter of what was right and proper, not money.

Blood is thicker than water. So too are many other things, but none as thick as the scars on the heart which cannot be seen and the secrets that belong to them. Deanna had plenty, many she never spoke of. She tried to not think about those things. They belonged to the past. She knew the man Uncle Henri concealed beneath gregarious charm. In business his manner might be compelling, if not always within reason. Socially he could be generous if it suited him, in small ways. Underneath it all he was a man of repulsive weakness.

Deanna considered herself more than his equal. She was accustomed in work and dealings to negotiate with men devoid of scruples, respect or integrity. Where reason and persuasion proved insufficient she had other means. She controlled Henri in most ways, but it was a constant job behind the scenes. She didn’t want him putting even a small one over her. She decided to have a showdown, determined to force Henri to treat Janus seriously. It seemed such a piddling matter, alas involving family pride. When she thought of how different things would be for her with Janus, if he had his own source of income, Deanna became obsessed with the idea.

She played out the scene in her mind, planning her move. When she finally confronted Henri and started talking money, Henri acted sensitive. That was a good sign she thought. She withheld her thrust….

“Don't you trust me?” Henri asked.

An unnecessary question, she thought, and she said, “That's not the point.”

“Your father didn't trust me either. Sibling rivalry they call it. I think he hated me. Maybe he was envious of what I had. I could never be sure. Deep down, he always resented me for saving his life.”

Already Henri got Deanna sad, thinking of her father. She did not want his memory besmirched.

“Don't be silly, Uncle Henri. Daddy loved you. He didn't always like what you were and what you did, but that has nothing to do with it. We're talking about Hugh.” 

Henri smiled when Deanna spoke, encouraging her to go on. Resentment promised to side-swipe objectivity and to bounce it off the road. Henri’s smile faded somewhat when Deanna returned to the point.

“You know what Hugh is worth to this place. But it's no use giving him cash. He wastes every penny I give him as it is. I want him out of show business. Until then you can at least pay what the guy is worth…. and straight into an account. None of this we’re all family - I’ll fix you up later - crap….”

“Take it easy on Hugh,” said Henri. “He's good. He's an up-and-coming talent. He hasn't yet unleashed his potential. With my guidance, perhaps he will. You should support him.”

“I've been supporting him for twenty years!” said Deanna.

Uncle and husband, selfish pigs both, each in his fashion ruined her life.  In childhood one failed her, betraying innocence and trust; the other now simply an all-round failure. She wondered what she had done to deserve them, and why did the two of them get her involved in such a nothing matter?

When she tried to explain this to Sylvester, before she confronted Uncle Henri, Sylvester smiled. “Deanna, don't punish yourself, you're more important than all these things.”

Nothing so pleased her as to sob at such times into a listening ear. With tears out of the way, and with Sylvester's words behind her, Deanna homed in on Uncle Henri and delivered her ultimatum.

“Either pay Hugh what he is worth or let him go,” she said. “Or, I swear, I'll take him, and you and I are finished. And you know what that means.”

When Henri Kaye laughed the room lit up. Whether nicely or badly, depended on many things. His laughter as she spoke made Deanna’s flesh crawl. His stare touched her unpleasantly. He laughed in a soft, lonely way, having outlived four brothers, and millions of others, with Deanna’s father among them. Henri was her last link with her past. Though he made her cringe, she could not let go of him, and he knew it, as well as he knew precisely what she was threatening when she said “you know what that means”.

Despite the trivial struggle, Henri Kaye loved the tense moment, as Deanna glared. Her words hung in the air, ticking. He felt the passion of petty combat, so mild, a skirmish over nothing, but sweetly tantalising. They each held a metaphorical gun at the others head; hers was loaded but she did not want to use it, whilst his was not loaded but he enjoyed waving it round, and she could not be sure how crazy he was… he liked it like that. As far as the argument went, she would have her way, but he was determined to have his fun while she went about getting it.

He had “been there” before in matters of life and death so many times. She was taking herself seriously and it was child's play for him, a matter so small, and yet to her, he could see by the muscle twitching in her face, so crucial. He smiled and she stared with eyes grim, while he considered slowly how much to allow himself to enjoy toying with her pride.

“You should have a child,” Uncle Henri suggested blithely. “It’s not too late to adopt one. It would ease your worries and bring you and Hugh closer together. I remember your father totally changed when you came along. Until you were born he was depressed and always dissatisfied. Fatherhood made him a new man. You would blossom with a child to love and care for. You would make a wonderful mother.” 

He smiled cunningly, “And it would take your mind off other things.”

He touched Deanna’s shoulder. She shrank from him, as she did from his every mention of her father, a good man whose name she felt sullied in her uncle’s mouth.

“At least stop building up Hugh's hopes with your show-biz bullshit,” she pleaded. “He should give it up. Come on. This small success is a flash in the pan. You've been around long enough to know how it works. Don't play him for a sucker. He’s too good for that.”

Uncle Henri gave a warm, seemingly helpless grin as she continued….

“But if you encourage his stupid fantasies, he will never see reason. It is destroying our lives. You know he is wasting his time. The least you can do is....”

“The boy has talent. He's a sensation. You've seen the publicity.”

“Publicity! If you bared your ass in public you would get publicity too, maybe once! The boy is forty-seven years old. You know how much it cost me to support him last year? I've been subsidising your talent, in fact. I'm not the Arts Council. This is small change to both of us, and you know it. But to me - and more importantly, for Hugh - it is important. I’m talking about my husband’s self-respect, my self-respect….”

“True talent is not measured in dollars,” Henri mused.

Deanna drew her cell phone from her handbag and held it under Henri’s nose.

“One call, that’s all it takes and your fucking world comes crashing down, you old cunt. You know it! Is that what you want? I’m not 12 years old now, you bastard.”

She shook the phone under his snout, “Is that what you want?”

“Oh, ho-ho… no need for that, my dear,” Henri said graciously. “I will see what I can do. I’ll have a word with him when he comes down to rehearsals. But I think you're being short-sighted. He is on the crest of a wave.”

Rehearsals!!! Deanna almost laughed. Janus knew no such thing. She did not take the bait. She held her breath.

“Trust me,” smiled Henri, pensively puffing his cigar though it had gone out. “We'll work out something….”

The cunning old devil could be trusted to the extent of his self-interest only.  While Janus drew paying crowds Uncle Henri would enjoy the ride. Deanna was reluctant to destroy him. Henri knew it, just as he knew she had the power with a single phone call to carry out her threat to do it. Henri with a fixed smile puffed on his cold cigar, and he wondered did Deanna’s stupid husband really mean that much to her. Deanna returned Uncle Henri’s smile with a fixed, pained stare, watching him pretend to puff on his unlit cigar.

“I'll let you think it over,” she said, rising and taking her bag with her. “I'll be back in a few minutes.”

Away from Henri and the claustrophobic aura around him she went out back, up the little stairs. She stared about the backroom where everything was old and dusty, cheap and tawdry, on covered racks and hanging out of cupboards with broken doors. The faint familiar smell of Janus’s sweat and Daisy’s cosmetics comforted her. Deanna scanned the place seeing her reflection from a number of angles in cracked mirrors mainly lining one wall. She saw herself by the table where clutter piled high. Above her head, light fittings without globes dangled on frayed cords between fly-speckled fluorescent strip lights. She saw in the mirror, signs of age on her face, surrounded by mess above and all around where she stood with arms folded, smoking a marijuana cigarette agitatedly.

Mess symbolised her life. The joint between her fingers burned along one side and she licked her finger and wiped spit on the rice paper to burn it more evenly. She made a quick overseas call to check on something, and she noticed Daisy’s bag in the corner. Deanna rifled through it with the joint wedged in the corner of her mouth, tilting her head to avoid smoke stinging her eyes, wondering what Daisy might have stashed to help her feel better. There was nothing but a scarf and a wig. Then she felt something hard. Just as Deanna suspected, there was Daisy’s cell-phone. And something else!

Deanna gingerly drew a long knife from Daisy’s bag. It was more a dagger than a knife. She creased her brow and shook her head, and slowly slid the knife back in place. She tried to wipe off any fingerprints with the scarf. She rang Daisy’s home number and asked what to do with the phone.

“Oh great,” said Daisy. “I wondered where it was. Take it and don’t let Henri see it. He’ll kill me if he hears my messages.”

Deanna mentioned the knife and Daisy laughed.

“Oh that! I have them everywhere. You never know what happens these days. They’re for my protection. A gun is too heavy, and noisy….”

“Protection? From what?”

“From everyone,” said Daisy. “Especially him!”

Crazy Daisy upset Deanna. When Deanna went back out to re-join Henri at his table, he asked, “What’s up with you? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”

“I’m looking at you,” she said, and Henri laughed.

Her petulance grew boring, Henri’s amusement with the game had worn thin, too thin to bother longer. Child's play, a thousand bucks here or there was of not the slightest importance, neither to him nor her. There were so many bigger things for him. Deanna thought herself such a hotshot with all her secret organisation too big to share with him. The bitch never was grateful for the start in life he gave her. Bullshit ran in her DNA. Henri had his secrets too, despite what Deanna thought. She thought she controlled everything, but she could not control what went on in a man’s mind. She had a couple of thugs to keep an eye on him. Henri let them because they added to his ambience he said, but he got rid of them whenever they became a nuisance. Deanna wasn’t as smart as she thought. She was not the only one with a secret project. Henri wanted to make something of his nightclub, to show them all. If Deanna found how seriously he felt about it, she would laugh….  Someday maybe he would make her laugh on the other side of her face.

“Okay, three hundred a night,” Henri said. “Minus drinks and smokes…. I've had Candy keep tally, you might discover I come out in front.”

“Well you better make it four hundred, just to make sure you don't come out in front,” she said. “Or there'll be trouble.”

Henri’s surrender was unexpected. She waited for more, for some trick, for him to try to whip the rug from under her feet. Henri shrugged like it meant nothing to him, and so it did, it all meant nothing to him, and her with it he tried to make her feel, as he puffed grandly on his relighted cigar.

The thing that gave Henri the upper hand now was it all meant nothing to him, but it meant a lot to her. That made him laugh but his face showed no laughter, merely a smile of amiable compromise as he held forth his hand. After a moment of hesitancy Deanna reached out and her small hand disappeared in her Uncle’s large paw as they shook to seal the deal.



Chapter 21


“Cooking shows on TV are like porn sites on the web.
They both whet the appetite, and dampen a person’s spirit;
The difference is when you’re watching the cooking shows 
you don’t sit there with ketchup smeared all over one hand.”
- Hugh Janus.


Money was one thing. Janus was another. Together the whole deal between Henri and Deanna was too pissy to concern either Deanna or Henri. Neither mentioned the matter to Janus. But they played it out as only family do. Four hundred bucks a night Deanna guessed, minus drinks and the rest, might mean three or two hundred, possibly a little less some nights knowing how Janus drank. Deanna figured for pocket-money Janus sometimes cost her about a grand a week. Independence might make him finally grow up. Above all it would give her at least a symbolic base to respect him.

In the meantime, she was stuck with the messy, TV-addicted, snoring machine. Janus slept all day most days, when he was not up to mischief. She was fed up, success or no success. What piqued most was realising she cared.  That’s why she started giving him odd jobs. Not just to make him slightly useful, as she told him, but also to at least get him out of bed of a daytime, but mostly she did it because he needed help. She felt responsible for spoiling him all those years, concentrating on her schemes, neglecting him, indulging him and allowing him to rely on her in every way.

She said. “I want you drive over to Uncle Henri’s house. Drop off Daisy’s cell-phone to her in the morning. Keep it in your pocket out of sight. Henri must not get his hands on that phone under any circumstances. Don’t let him even see it.”

“It sounds unnecessarily complicated,” Janus said.

“Daisy wants it urgently. Don’t blame me. She’ll be waiting when you get there. And don’t say anything to Henri about the phone. It’s important.”

Janus came up with a better idea, “How about I give it to her at the Club tomorrow night.”

“Forget about tomorrow night. Drop it off to her in the morning like I said. That way you can bring the car back in time for when I need it.”

He knew better than to argue, or he might have to sleep on the lounge forever. Things were deteriorating. She frequently did not let him sleep with her, even when she got home drunk and stoned. He mentioned sleeping arrangements. She told him she wanted to sleep alone.

“Can we at least have sex?” he pleaded.

“Yes,” she said, “When you change your ways. If not for you, at least for me… I can’t face it any more. You need to see a psychiatrist. And you need a proper, normal job with a routine. You need….”

“A job?” Janus mumbled. “My career is just taking off after all my years of hard slog. And you want me to throw it all away, now that I am getting somewhere. That’s crazy.”

“You can still do your shows if you must… in your spare time.”

Deanna insisted Janus get professional help from her psychiatrist, her old American friend, Doctor Sylvester Malone, and she asked Janus to sign a paper.

“What's this mean?” he groaned haughtily as she handed him a pen, and he read the title of the document.

“Power of Attorney… what the damn Hell is that?”

Relieved they were not divorce papers as he feared, he scribbled his name each place she indicated he should.

“This is our last chance,” she said, snatching away the signed paper, and inspecting his signatures. “….your last chance. Get a job. Get psychiatric help and make a man of yourself again, before it’s too late.”

Janus reached out and stroked her breast. She flicked his hand away like a fleck of lint.

“You are going from worse to worse. Act now. Please, Hugh. Can’t you see? I want this for you, for us!”

“What about what I want?”

Janus saw more rage than usual on Deanna's face. Because she could not answer his reasonable question immediately, he was smug, until she threw a travel bag at him and told him to pack his things. As the bag flew through the air, Deanna died inside, wondering what she had done but it was too late. When the bag struck his face she flinched before he did.

At first Janus did not believe she meant it. But he was not sure. And then as he thought about it he became more confused. Where could he go? Who could he turn to? Maybe Blanche would have him, maybe not. He was not so keen about the idea, and he guessed she would be no keener. He saw no reason Deanna should be so frustrated and angry. Or why what upset her meant so much to her. What was the big deal with her? After all, the travel bag hit him in the face.

He said he was genuinely sorry. He followed her round the place saying so. He would give things a try… the way she wanted. He would see the psychiatrist if it meant so much to her. After all, maybe she was right.

For some odd reason his saying so made her laugh like she had lost her mind. It was unpleasant laughter coming from her nose. Then it exploded from her mouth more like a cackling scream. It frightened the Hell out of him until she calmed down.

Janus kept to himself the thought he might glean comedy material from a visit to the psychiatrist. All big-time comics did gags about psychiatrists… and mother-in-laws, and so on… that was many years ago of course. Comedy had an insatiable appetite feeding on scapegoats and stereotypes, and it might be useful.

But as for the idea of him getting a job, pffffft…. Janus did not know where to begin or where he would find time to think about the preposterous notion. Nonetheless, he felt positive when he fell asleep that night in the living room. The travel bag was back safely in the cupboard, and he would waste a little time to see the psychiatrist. Deanna seemed partly if temporarily, not quite satisfied but somewhat less dissatisfied. It seemed two minutes later he woke with screeching in his ear and hardness in his pants. His heartbeat raced like a body clock gone mad. It was morning. The screech came from the digital alarm clock beside the couch. Deanna thought of everything, car keys, clock, Daisy's cell-phone and a message scrawled on a note. He thought of an idea, considering how conciliatory he had been. He might crawl into bed with her, and find how she felt while still half asleep when a woman is sometimes at her most receptive, or at least susceptible. He checked the note.

It read: “Do not wake me. And don't even think about IT!”

Her heavy-handed underlining of the last word put an end to his immediate idea. The clock claimed it was some hour of the morning but still there was no sunlight to prove it. As far as Janus was concerned it was the middle of the night. He staggered to the toilet. On the way he paused to gaze wistfully through the bedroom door at his wife’s form partly-covered with a bed sheet and glowing in the semi-darkness.

He sighed. Her big hips and thigh lay uncovered by the fall of the doona. He licked his lips like a snake detecting a delectable scent from far away. He felt an intrinsic impulse to slide close but he feared her temper. He was possessed by the feeling of a hungry hobo staring through a restaurant window at a fine banquet with the white sheet beneath her spread like a fine linen tablecloth. It was heartbreakingly hard to tear himself away. In the hall mirror, he saw his face a scrunch of dark shadows, dishevelled, unravelled, baggy, blear-eyed and bedevilled, with the tormented look of madness he was being driven to. He made an empty gesture of combing fingers through thinning hair to no sartorial effect. Strands of hair came away with his fingers. He was falling apart, inside and out. So what was new? His thoughts seemed obvious and inevitable.  His life was crap. He felt like crap, and he needed one. As he sat in the dark at that immediate business, he had a premonition of life hurtling to ruin. As he flushed the toilet, an overpowering urge to scream found no support in his depleted soul.

Since he woke up wearing street clothes, he did not bother to shower. Driving toward the beachside suburbs, not yet fully awake, his problems danced through his mind, at times in different directions colliding. He had the fanciful thought of questioning Henri about the fake passport. That would be a stupid mistake on so many levels. He would be an idiot to believe anything Henri said anyway.

Worse, he would be insane to admit to Henri that he had gone spying in the rat-hole office. Janus knew he didn't have the guts to say anything. He already had that much sense beaten into him.

When the road veered toward Henri’s beach-pad Janus was busy thinking. He forgot to make the turn. He ran into a short unsealed dead-end parking bay where he did a three-point turnabout alongside a stationary sedan with two suspicious guys in it. The dummies acted innocent, obviously up to no good even being out of bed at such a time of day. They wore dark glasses to prove it. Maybe they were gay guys on a pre-work date, or potential rapists out to ambush an early morning jogger, or repo guys casing their next robbery. They could have been innocent suicides waiting for the poison to work. It was none of his business.

He drove back to the bitumen and cruised slowly to the beach house. Henri’s pad was a split-level yuppie design of Mediterranean-style construction, with a guardhouse at the gates. The place was surrounded by an electrified chain-wire security fence overgrown by bougainvillea. The spiky tropical vine had gone berserk at one corner thus destroying the effect of an electronic anti-burglar system. Beside the house an emptied swimming pool was part-refilled by rain, dead leaves and algae. The building was walled mainly in huge sheets of mirrored-glass except for the iron-studded oak door surrounded by an arched bluestone entrance. Janus was relieved to see no sign of Henri’s car as he swerved into the drive with a lazy wave to old Tom the gateman. He knocked and rang the bell. The bungalow door opened. Swoosh!

Janus saw lingerie with nothing beneath it but flesh. She met him wriggling her hips, flashing perfect plastic teeth, without make up, fresh-licked lips puckered in a kiss, no eyebrows… Daisy dragged Janus inside. Her lashes fluttered with mischief, her upper lip swelled with a hint of bruise.  She had not the look of a woman of sixty except he knew so well the little looseness round her neck, at her elbows and slight creases beneath her breasts and buttocks, and faintly dimpled thighs. Sometimes there was strangeness in her breath too he noticed unpleasantly earthy. Such subtleties merely added to the spice of her warmth and motion. Aware of her powers as she stood close with her hips drawn toward him, he kept his eyes to hers and he handed her the phone. She whined.

“Henri didn’t come home again last night. He said he was working late at the Club, the liar. He’ll see me there tonight, that’s what he said…”

She threw her hand in the air angrily, at the same time the graceful gesture unveiled an arc of nakedness as the silky robe flung further open, and she snarled.

“If he’s lucky!”

She angrily lit a cigarette while one burned in an ashtray. Shadows of her shape showed through loosely-draped silk. She moved and carelessly showed more. Janus swallowed.

“Honestly, I could kill him when he treats me like this, the bastard. I know he always has other women, or boys. What for, I don’t know. He’s almost totally useless. But this time there’s just one. She either has no brains or a taxi meter between her legs. God knows what use he is to her, the old fool.”

“Calm down, kid,” said Janus with a pat on her arm.

Daisy stared at her arm, then at Janus, and she smiled.

“You’re nice.”

“I can’t stay. I have to get the car back.”

“I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t turned up, Hugh. You're such a dear,” she said. “The loneliness gets to me. You’re a lifesaver. Not just today. Simply having you to talk to sometimes… you make all the difference…..”

“Yeah, well…”

Janus knew what she meant; even Henri said the same thing. A pity Deanna did not see him like that.

Daisy told Janus what a cool guy he was. It took a while. He didn’t mind listening. She stubbed out another the cigarette, before he said, “I guess I better get the car back for Deanna.”

Daisy took a step forward and Janus backed to the wall.

She raised her finger to her lips and said Shush. Reaching down while she stared deep into his eyes and smiling with part open mouth she grappled with his jeans. Janus rubbed his eyes hard as Daisy knelt on one knee before him. While her fingers fiddled, fumbled and fondled, Janus swallowed spit, noticing sadly patches where she had lost hair. He remembered he had not showered. He stared at the door with slowly closing eyes. He submitted.

Daisy made soft kisses and licked her lips between caresses. Her deep devotion transfixed him. She gagged and he felt bad and she gagged again and he almost asked her to stop because he worried her drool might leave tell-tale traces on his jeans. When his lips moved, no sound came from his mouth other than a deeply easing sigh. He reached to push her away, but he grasped her head roughly instead. And he almost cried in mystic exasperation.

She was a sloppy mess of work, sweet crazy Daisy… wonderful feelings swept from all extremities to the core of Janus with the noise she made and her grateful murmurs like the tones of his own being, drawn from him and sung back to him…. then back again; he sagged against the wall and his breathing heaved with severe relief. Thank God it was over. For him it was, but not for her. He quivered once more then Daisy looked up to him, adoringly, smiling with watery eyes. She wiped her chin and licked her fingers, and swallowed.

“Hit me!” she begged, “Come on, Baby, I want you to please. Hit me.”
 
Her voice was birdlike and childishly innocent, as coaxing as the warmth of the sun to a cold-blooded reptile. Hit me! Hit me! It was crazy talk. Janus stared first toward the door, then at her slack face and the flick of her tongue removing the silver traces of his pleasure from the corner of her mouth while he restored his clothing to decent order.

“I’m not like that,” he muttered, in fumbling haste taking longer to do up his pants than she did to undo them.

“Did you like it? I wanted you to like it so-o-o-o much.”

The word so-o-o-o she invested with a depth of meaning that gave Janus sudden vertigo.

“It was wonderful,” Janus said, sounding boyish, and not the slightest bit manly. “I guess I really needed it…”

Sure. He needed it like a bullet in the head. Further words jammed in his neck. It would be a disaster if Henri walked in; even worse then, when Deanna found out. His marriage was already almost in ruins. The wonderful feeling was already gone.

“You’re nice,” Daisy said, rising….

“I did nothing,” Janus said, not fooling himself.

He knew he had done something. Not something to be proud of, something disloyal to Deanna, and maybe even to himself. And he knew too something perhaps worse. Though he honestly cared about it less - he had in wilful ignorance done something truly brutal to poor Daisy. He had picked her up, now with time only to drop her down again. Janus felt weak as her wet face beamed with gratitude surrounded by a halo of bedraggled hair. Dread descended, and his ass itched badly.

“You must hate me,” she smiled as he helped raise her.

“No, of course not,” Janus tried to resume normal conversation with a surreptitious scratch behind.

“I really ought to get back.”

He escaped. He stumbled over the welcome mat as he went. The last thing he wanted was to get back late with the car, and start a lot of questions. Deanna was not one to easily sell a lie to. On the way he imagined the scene had Henri opened the door, to catch Daisy on her knees and Janus with his pants round his. His throat dried at the visual thought. There was no telling what that old maniac might do. Janus guessed…

Bang! Bang! Bang!

As he sped out the gates, down the road and past the opening to the dead end Janus noticed the parked car still there with two guys in dark glasses peeping over newspapers, pretending they weren't. Janus drove a little quicker as though from disaster, away from Daisy and potential catastrophe, knowing he had done a stupid thing, in Henri’s own house now, further complicating his existence.

It horrified him imagining the risk he took. He wondered where his life was heading. He always knew Daisy was nuts. He saw again the mad look in her watery eyes when she stared. The madness in her was maddening, as he wilted to her warmth, and she drained the panic from him.

The risk she took turned Janus’s stomach. His panic returned, even greater now, he felt life spinning out of control, and as it did, agonising visions and fearful premonitions whirled in a blur…. that adoring smile, eyes sparkling with delight…. Daisy’s tongue licking at her lips and fingers…. like that of a biblical serpent he wondered…

Temptation he always adored, but!

He drove instinctively. The roadway and occasional traffic flowed inevitably round him, as another vision emerged from the blur… the moment with Stiffy Wunda…. then the sight of his own name in a passport alongside the face of another man…. eyes staring evilly… and other eyes… adoring eyes, scornful eyes, blank eyes…. Deanna’s icy stare, as he copped a beating…. faces laughing in a dark, packed crowd, some far away, some close…. a growling tiger mounted by a laughing naked she-devil…. a flying travel bag smashing into his face…. all these things with many others, round and round again. When he returned home with her car he tried to be nice to Deanna while she readied for work.

“What's wrong with you?” she asked.

She was busy rushing about, on the phone at the same time talking loudly and intensely. About what he had no clue! He cared not. So long as there were no more questions. Then she was gone. Then, too, the day was gone and she returned. That night when she went to bed without him he stayed up watching 24-hour news. There was a controversial videotape smuggled out of the latest warzone through illicit channels. It depicted an accidental shooting by US gunmen at a checkpoint in Baghdad. It did not seem accidental. Turkey-shoots never do. A middle-aged respectable Iraqi couple, civilians in a prestige sedan were blasted by automatic gunfire, no questions asked. Authorities regretted the incident and Janus watched the footage of the slain parents in the shattered automobile at night, as troops dragged a pair of terrified-stiff youngsters from the back seat of the car. The eyes of the kids grew huge in his mind. Janus sat with tears wetting his face. Lumps of guilt caught in his throat, as much to do with his behaviour with Daisy as the tragedy of the children. What bugged him most was the nagging memory of Daisy’s adoring eyes and her messy smiling face. To redeem himself, Janus resolved to do his best to yield to Deanna’s incessant demands. He would get up in the mornings; he would try to be less messy round the house and more considerate. He could not take seriously the idea of finding a job, but at least he would see the psychiatrist.

Meanwhile he slept on the living room couch. And in his sleeping mind over and over the two horrors played out, merging into one; the shooting, the eyes of the traumatised children, the eyes of grateful Daisy. His erratic mind visualised walking through a door into a gun blast, there was Henri in battle fatigues and a war helmet, Daisy and Henri covered in blood dead in the front seat of a shattered automobile, tiny brown children performing fellatio on faceless bloated white-bellied soldiers in the back seat, Daisy wiping blood from her face and licking it from her fingers, the children, the soldiers, the door opening again as Daisy chopped at his legs with an axe and he did not feel a thing… the smell of stale cigar as Deanna whispered I love you… but she wasn’t talking to him...

Janus woke trembling and breathing heavily. He blinked and wiped tears from his eyes, frantically looking round in the dark in fear of his heart’s thumping. By the time he remembered where he was he had forgotten the terrible dream, and he fell back to sleep crying.

*

As he promised, Janus reported to the appointment Deanna arranged at the rooms of Doctor Sylvester Malone. He hated the place before he got there. He went hours before his show at the Club. He hoped it did not take long. He filled-out the necessary form at reception and handed it to the heavily made-up girl behind the desk. She shook her head, seeming to suddenly age as her face darkened.

“Do you have a referral, Mr Janus?” the receptionist asked.

“My wife told me to come. She is a patient.”

“I’m afraid we have no Mrs Janus on our records, Sir. What is her Christian name?”

“She has no Christian name. She’s Jewish. Her name is Kaye. Deanna Kaye.”

“Oh! Ms Kaye!” the receptionist said.

The receptionist spread red lips in a wide smile with a look of pity. She regarded Janus with half-closed knowing eyes.

“She is your wife? I’m so sorry. I did not know that. I’m afraid Dr Malone cannot see you without a referral from a General Practitioner. It’s a requirement.”

“That’s fine by me,” Janus sighed.

He gratefully accepted he now had an excuse to get away. A tall handsome man interrupted, extending a hand toward Janus. The man gave off a subtle scent, his hand was large and smooth and dry. Something about his smell was vaguely familiar.

“That’s all right,” said the scented man, mentioning the receptionist’s name.

The tall, scented man gazed intently into Janus’s eyes.

“Come in, Mr Janus. Do you mind if I call you Hugh? Call me Sylvester. I’ve been expecting you.”

The receptionist glanced at the tall man, then Janus, then to each again. She pretended without conviction to do something else. She shifted aside a folded newspaper with an optimistic headline to do with the war going on in Iraq. The war was going well according to all reports. President Booboo was celebrating great victories. Then Janus remembered the haunted eyes of blood-spattered, traumatised children on TV. Back in the real world the scented man muttered something to the receptionist.

“Very well, Doctor Malone,” she said.

Janus looked from the receptionist to Doctor Malone. He saw himself standing in the middle of a set-up for a gag. Janus was waiting for the punch line.

“Come this way Hugh,” said the Doctor.

Doctor Malone insisted on informality where possible. He said it engendered trust and openness. Janus felt no more comfortable with the Doctor’s warmth than he had with the receptionist’s coolness.

“I will not pry into your personal concerns…. unless you wish,” said Doctor Malone with a grin. “But in a totally confidential environment you may wish to discuss areas of your life that give rise to certain feelings of confusion or doubt... I fully understand that.”

The doctor raised his eyebrows to their extremity and smiled expectantly. Janus thought immediately of Daisy. She needed psychiatric help, not to mention Henri with his psychotic jealousy. Janus wondered why Deanna did not send them to Malone.  Then he remembered what Blanche said about guilt and failure. He thought of what Blanche said about young Candy. Thinking of Candy added to his ill-ease. Then he squirmed with his memory of the Stiffy Wunda incident. Janus decided with his jaw clenched to steer clear of Stiffy henceforth. He wondered if Blanche saw anything that night….

Doctor Sylvester smiled like a mind-reader as Janus avoided answering even the most open-ended questions about his marriage. When Sylvester asked about his family Janus clammed up again and Sylvester said that was very interesting too. Janus felt he was on trial, an experience he resented so much when a child cross-examined by his father. Janus even resisted talking about his comedy show when Sylvester in desperation asked about that. When Sylvester finished with his bullshit, Janus rushed from the consulting rooms feeling the experience a waste of time. He didn’t get a single gag out of it. He dashed in a cab straight to the Club, feeling washed out, pissed off and nasty. He was relieved to get back to the real world of Henri's Club, until Marty confronted him.

“What's with Daisy, huh? What's going on?”

Janus stiffened, his face felt hot.

“How should I damn-well know?” he growled, wondering if maybe Daisy said something to Marty.

“I'm not as dumb as I look,” said Marty. “You know more than you let on.”

“What are you talking about? You're crazy.”

“She's really pissed off about Henri. But she doesn't care that he's running around with some young babe. She's suddenly acting like she's happy about it. Something doesn't add up. I think she might be up to something too. Has she said anything to you? You're pretty close to her.”

“Don't be ridiculous. It's got nothing to do with me. I just work here.”

“Are you sure?”

“What's that supposed to mean?”

Marty stared hard, hoping Daisy would never say anything to Janus about her plan to take care of Henri. Something needed to be done, she said. But for safety sake Marty wanted to make sure Janus knew nothing, or if he did suspect something at least he would not open his big mouth to Henri. It was dangerous even to listen to Daisy, but Marty wanted her. So long as her fool notions remained just talk, Marty went along with her craziness to please her. Frankly, it made her horny. But Marty was scared. He needed someone to talk with. But Janus just kept walking away like he didn’t give a damn about anyone except himself.

As he cruised by the bar Janus admired Candy's dark, thick brows. She smiled at him. Her open blouse showed much tiger, and a garden of indelible flowers looking very tasty indeed. Her eyebrows danced above sparkling eyes.

“Hey Handsome,” she said casually. “What have you been up to?”

Janus immediately lost his urge to talk, knowing such things he thought to say were best held for a time yet to come, and he said, “Not much.”

He gave her a wink, and a smile he wanted no one else to see. He was eager to get back onstage away from people. He tripped over his feet leaving the bar, with Candy's sympathetic laughter behind him.

Marty slunk to the bar in the wake of Janus and muttered to Candy sarcastically, “There goes our comedy sensation! What do you think?”

Candy walked away as though Marty was invisible.

Then in the backroom Janus saw Daisy in a bra and loose skimpy briefs of fine lace that showed more than they concealed and a loose towelling robe. She smiled at him hungrily, her natural look of animated calamity wild, her glazed eyes wide under exaggerated pencil-arches.

“I was waiting for you. Quick while we've got time….”

She was ready for action. She grabbed him and he tried to pull away.

“Don't be stupid!” she smiled. “Or you'll be sorry.”

Janus took the threat seriously. Her grip was strong on his arm and she had a bigger hold on him than that. If she started shooting-off her mouth shit would hit the fan in such loads, he dared not calculate the consequences. Daisy seized something from her bag and dragged Janus from the backroom down the walkway into the dunny and squatted on the porcelain throne ready for action….

“Look at this….” she said, and Janus suddenly felt a fatal weight lifted from his shoulders.

“Is that all?” he gasped with relief, almost wanting to kiss her.

“No!” she chirped. “I got a shit load out in my bag. It's party time, Babe. This blast will last weeks. Depends how much fun I have.”

She gave a nutty laugh, “Hey what about yesterday. I'm sorry. Pretend it never happened. I took advantage of you I know. But a woman has needs too.”

“Sure,” said Janus feeling more grateful than gallant. “No problem.”

She chopped up lines as thick as fake eyebrows, not as thick as Candy's real ones. Janus took a long hard hit of the shit, then another scouring both nostrils. Daisy had scored well. It smacked him between the eyes. Leaning between her legs, over the vanity mirror balanced on her knees, he smelled musk until he snorted up powder again as pure as the guilt inside him. Then he smelled nothing. He felt nothing… except an overpowering greatness that shone from within and spread out beyond all consciousness. It was just what he needed. He felt a jumble of discordant parts, some loosened and others stiffened. Daisy brushed the firm front of his jeans with the back of her hand.

“What a waste,” she said.

His head felt stuffed with cotton wool and she chopped up more and they snorted in turns.

Then came Marty’s voice from beyond the outer doorway, “Hey Daisy, Baby, are you in there?”

“Piss off Marty,” she yelled. “I warned you about bugging me down here.”

“What's going on in there? Daisy, are you okay?”

“Get lost!”

Janus laughed. He felt free and fine, feather-brained, and fecklessly reckless, now he had found himself again….

“Fuck off!” he yelled and Daisy laughed, and he laughed and they tumbled together out of the dunny holding each other for support as though nothing ever again would matter, at least for a little while….

It was great to be back in the real world of Henri's Club again, stoned again in the dunny with mad, half-naked Daisy. Janus giggled how dangerously funny it was. Marty on the other hand was seething. Marty stormed down the hallway away from the back loo. Al was leaving the Club to go home. Marty barged past Al, snarling, “I’ll kill him….”

The mind of Janus roamed free of thought and damn, though later the moment may add to his worries, the meantime was cherry-ripe and cruising. Partway through the night’s show Janus went to the bar for cigarettes, making an obvious effort to walk straight. It made him giggle to see fingers pointing. He lifted his feet one by one with mental strings, carefully placing them down on the slowly undulating carpet. Candy's tattoo-ink seemed sharper than usual, embedded in gloriously wounded paleness. She looked at Janus in a way more direct that he expected, with a hint of concern, or perhaps disapproval. Her eyes were intensely familiar. As she placed the pack in his hand her fingers lingered, almost stroking his palm, drawing away slowly.

“Are you okay? You look worried. How do you feel?”

Her voice cut through nightclub din, a voice fresh and sweet as liquor poured in glass. He felt an urge to reach out and tenderly stroke her face with gentle fingertips, and then the curve of her breast with the back of his knuckles, to show her how he feels and he was itching to tell her that.

Instead, he said, “I don’t feel much at all tonight…. sniff, sniff….”

“That's sad.”

Was it? He wondered…. of course not. He smiled, as he might if making love to her. There seemed no point to pretend otherwise. He stared at her and she edged away behind the safety of the bar. She poured a double-shot of tequila telling him maybe he needed it. He swallowed the silky liquor in a gulp. It went down his throat without touching the sides. Reality was losing its edge. Before he was to go on stage he borrowed a lipstick from Daisy, and he crushed red paste all over his chest underneath his T-shirt, until the stick was ruined.

“What on earth did you do that for, you crazy bastard,” Daisy shrieked, with popped eyes. “You're insane. You know that?”

On stage, Janus harangued the crowd like a madman as usual, but it felt a routine job, taking cheap shots at easy targets, he was so stoned it did not matter to him if he hit them or missed by a mile….

“You’ve only got to look at the World. God should hate us. We leave millions of poor bastards out starving in the middle of nowhere. We feed them on nothing but fresh air, dust and disease. And who gives a damn… while we wade round in insanity, like in shit up to our knees. Civilisation has crawled so far up its own ass these days we can’t see a thing… unless it opens its jaws to rip some poor bastard to shreds….”

“And you're up yourself too,” shouted a heckler.

Janus smiled. It was true. He knew….

“Yeah,” he agreed, barking into the microphone, his voice boomed from the speakers, “That's what my wife says. She’s smart, my wife. Smarter than me and you put together… You know she’s got it all worked out, not just about me! Yeah… she says, ‘Civilisation is based on the fact that it is cheaper to kill a man than to keep him alive!”

Janus sniffed and wiped his wet nose on his forearm.

“True!!! That’s what she told me. It is cheaper to kill a man than keep him alive!!! Is that capitalism??? Or is it Feminism???

“You know the main thing about women is….”

Candy watched the stage as she went about her work behind the bar. Janus seemed fragile, almost disinterested as he did a lazy couple of happy-marriage gags. Leaning on the microphone stand, he then slid into his tedious Iraq thing. Candy didn't see Henri come in. She overheard the boss chatting to Marty. She tried to ignore them.

Marty said, “You're not looking too well, Boss.”

“I'm stressed. That's the main problem. Even the doctors can see that. That young Sheila I told you about… heh-heh…. my personal trainer…” Henri chuckled. “Heh-heh… she’s playing up again.”

Henri gave an impatient glance at the stage before whispering to Marty and watching to make sure Candy did not overhear. Marty was watching her too, hoping he alone heard the gossip.

Henri said, “The young thing is so demanding you know, but she's crazy about me, and I don't like to let her down. But I can’t satisfy her. She's got me burning like a fuse at both ends. And then she’s running round all over the place the minute I take my eyes off her….”

Marty was ogling Candy behind Henri, while she watched the stage almost as eagerly as Marty hung onto Henri’s whispers. Henri turned to see what the blazes Marty was looking at with the stupid look on his face.

“Come on,” Henri grumbled at the bargirl. “Snap out of it, kid. What do you think this is? Get to work.”

Henri was grumpy. Picking up where he left off, he told Marty, “I really shouldn't be here. I should be with her now. I'm moving her in with me… as soon as Daisy is out of the way. You can have the old bitch when I’m finished, but it’ll cost you.”

“That's great, Boss,” Marty gushed. “I appreciate it. How much do you think?”

“What?” Henri seemed confused by Marty’s question.

He shook his head and said, “The only reason I'm here tonight is to make sure things run smoothly. In and out and I'm off again.”

Henri winked. Then his happy look departed as he glared at Janus on stage.

“I'm on a promise,” Henri winced. “But I tell you, I'm sick of this rubbishy heart inside me. I can’t trust it. Only the drugs keep it ticking. The rate the quack is prescribing shit to me I’ll end up the same as the rest of these bastards, they’re all on drugs, the lot of them.”

Henri jerked his thumb at the stage, “Like this rubbish. I'm too old to bother with it. I'm trying to run a successful nightclub. I’m tired of this idiot I-rak bullshit! It’s all over the TV, newspapers and now here…”

Henri patted his tummy, “It eats away my insides, night after fucking night after night! Who needs it, with my memories?”

On stage, now, like a dog with a bone Janus wouldn't let go his Iraq-thing. He snapped his fingers and took a lighted cigarette from an audience-member. He sucked it and stabbed the glowing end at the air from time to time for emphasis between words. Cigarette smoke arose from the crowd, with a laugh here, a groan there…. in a mixture of appreciation and abhorrence it seemed, and Janus paused to enjoy the mix with smoke coming from his nostrils as he smiled and scratched his itchy ass.

“Yeah, I was promenading down Shit-bag Boulevard downtown Baghdad…. out on Highway 61. That's where they want the killing done…. not in Our Street thank you… somewhere over there… Send my home-boys, yeah, my crew of gristle-grabbing Yank Wankers, Brit Shit and Aussie Khaki-Crawlers. Yeah, man, it is so cool, it's cruel…. fuel for the fool…. blasting shit out of every ass-hole that breathes, Man! Just like the old days, last century in Vietnam…. Hearts and minds and that other thing…. What was it again? Oh yeah, Tote that barge, lift that bale… fill them body-bags before you end in gaol….”

Janus wiped sweat from his upper lip and noticed a smear of blood from his nose on the back of his hand. It made him almost laugh...thinking blood! And he growled in verbal rage.

 “Military Sodomy, Collateral Mad-damage, Apocalypse, Armageddon and American-ammo rolled in one. A turd in the hand is worth two Bushes in the White Shithouse…. Welcome to the new improved Vietnam… Whoopee… My Lai Islam-style… Holy crap, Batman, the oil fields are on fire… beds and cots are burning, quick throw on more dead to extinguish the inferno… hide the evidence under the corpses. If anything moves, Man, toast it… Eah-yah-ah….. It's Show-time!!!

“And there I am, riding on my couch like an APC… I’m shooting down terrorists everywhere, tossing empty beer cans aside on the carpet like grenades. Killing kids, Man, what a bore, killing kids! Quick, get them - before they have a chance to vote in the democracy we're killing them to restore.”

Every word to Janus felt inevitable, guided by an unseen child tugging on an invisible leash, dragging Janus’s cotton-coated mind down into the manure of freshly squeezed history. He fell into a dark pit of slimy strained images of TV sewage. Small hands clawed with tiny fingers, little unseen dark-eyed demons writhed. Janus was trapped in TV Hell. Alone he faced the screen in his mind. The crowd watched from the gloom of Henri's cavern faraway on the other side....

Marty sidled along the bar to where Henri moved away from him, and he whispered in Henri's ear, “Listen to it. He's all the time about Iraq, the dickhead, as if there isn't enough of this shit already on TV. He’s off his fucking head. I think he’s stoned off his face as well. I heard him in the shithouse with… er… um…”

Marty’s voice faded in thoughtful silence mid-sentence, and turned toward the stage..

“Just listen to that idiot go on!”

Henri almost cried.

“He has not got a clue! Iraq is just a sideshow. Africa is where it’s been at for the past fifty years. No one gives a damn what the Chinks are up to. Listening to this shit is doing my head in. I've got enough problems. For the past two days I haven't slept or had time to shit….”

Candy watched Marty sympathise with Henri, hearing them both rail against Janus, and she sensed trouble. Her face showed concern, then disgust. Marty may as well have got down on his knees and licked the boss’s boots.

“He's a bleeding heart, Boss! That's the problem. He just vomits up bullshit without sifting through it first for the facts or anything.”

On stage Janus heard no laughter, only the war-torn sound effects of a TV documentary playing in his head. Maybe the audience laughed, maybe they jeered. Maybe they were all together burning in Hell and they did not know. None would be left behind in the great stampede to extinction…

Candy’s face darkened, one ear listening to Marty and Henri crap on, watching in the mirror behind the bar and seeing Janus going bad on stage. During Janus’s bracket Daisy sat in the backroom staring at the throbbing wall, hoping Janus would go on longer, so she could straighten her head enough to dance. The shit she scored was better than she thought. She wondered if it was cut with Semtex. She wiped a string of snot on a rag and she was too whacked to notice a smear on her cheek.

“Has he gone mad?” Henri groaned at the bar, when Janus howled with the microphone almost inside his mouth, “That's What I'm Talking About!”

A disgruntled voice echoed from somewhere in the sudden quiet that followed, “Oh my God!”

“Killing kids! Did you see the footage of the soldiers drag that screaming seven-year-old girl out of a blood spattered Mercedes full of bullet holes? Ha-ha-ha. Them fuckers didn’t know what hit them…. Yeah, Man. But me…me and that little shit-scared kid on the TV, we knew. Poor bastard Mum and Dad bled faster than they could shit all over their imported-leather car seats. Bullet holes in the windscreen! That'll slow 'em down every time….

“WOWEE, Baby! Come to my house. My television pulls no punches. It spurts blood and guts in your face. That’s the way it is. Get embedded with the Conquistadors. Woah-h-h, Man! Come on a-down my house. Let’s dance down them mean streets of Bag-Dad, Eye-Rack! Catch the scene. It's Bogeyman reality TV in full-colour while I eat my dinner. Hot meat fried in live footage. Those folks were already dead when the camera started rolling. Man! They was dead as-all-fuck already when they left the house, from the minute the soldier-boss stuck his fingernail on the roadmap and said, Take the cameraman with you tonight boys. Blow the shit out of the poor civilian cunts whoever they are, as they drive home with their kids, right THERE!

Janus stabbed his finger violently at an imaginary map and almost fell off stage. Meanwhile Daisy coached herself behind the curtain.

“You’re ready. You can do this! Okay? You’ll be fine…”

She listened to the distant echo of Janus shooting off his mouth, doing her best to convince herself everything would be good, while on the other side of the curtain things got worse with Janus ignoring the wall of silence building up and closing in on him.

“Luckily our soldier-boys are not so stupid… They found no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, but more importantly they found where those sneaky Iraqis tried to hide all their oil - in the ground. How fucking sneaky, eh?”

Even cigarettes ceased to burn. The air had become so incredibly thin, weak and weightless. Janus showed no intention of leaving the stage till he felt ready. He smiled warmly and looked round peaceably.

“Kids are lovely aren’t they? I’ll never forget the pretty little face of that innocent young horrified girl when the clean-shaved, skinhead soldier-boys dragged her out of the bullet-riddled car. She was shocked and awed senseless, the skinny little bitch was freaking. Her baby brother pissed himself in terror against a brick wall. The little guy was too useless to lift a finger to help his sister when the soldiers dragged her away screaming…”

“Give it a rest,” a voice called out.

“Wow!” Janus cackled, “It’s Vaudeville for Vampires and Wall Street Zombies, down where the blood soaks the sand and oil spews out like gold from a cut throat. You can fist-fuck an entire country with a studded glove and a straightedge razor with a White House lawn view. Hey man, it’s TV HIV!!! Enjoy the show….”

“I’ll kill him!” Henri groaned through teeth and wiped his face on a cloth as Marty nodded furiously. “Won't he stop?”

“You want me to unplug him?” Marty yelled.

“Don’t be stupid. People come to see the dickhead!” Henri hissed.

Over yells in the audience for him to get offstage, as though he never heard them, Janus raved.

“It's them against us, Terror against Terror. They're so confused they think instead of foreign soldiers they’re being invaded by Dark Side mutant aliens from another world. They can't understand our boys are the high-octane Angels of Democracy! After all, we are only doing it for their-own-good. We're there to save them all. Except the ones we kill. Like good old Mum and Dad, machine-gunned mince-meat shredded to shit. Don't you just love it? I love to see the terror on the little faces. Ain't them kids cute with tiny tears in their big eyes, like starved orphan babies in refugee camps? It gives my stockbroker a hard-on.”

“Shut up you crazy freak,” someone shouted.

“Yeah-eah-ah-h-h! The more poverty and suffering we spread among them, the more we get to share among ourselves. It's simple mathematics. I can’t get enough.  The Trade Centre is gone, but the trade goes on. All this prosperity is giving me an economic growth in my financial underpants. You wanna see blood? Get your gutful on the worldwide stock-market report. Oh yeah-eah-h-h! The Consumer Price Index just rose another thousand starving-baby points.....”

Henri hung his head in his hands on the bar. It was a disaster. He trembled with tormented memory of past horrors.

Janus himself was worn out too. His throat and jaw were sore. He did a clumsy soft-shoe shuffle of sorts, and people began to laugh. Shouts of abuse died while Janus fell about stage singing way off-key like a drunk in the street.

“Da-ancing in the Blood
We’re Da-ancing in the Blood
What a glor-rious fee-eeling
Just Da-ancing in the Bloo-oo-ood….”

Laughs thinned fast. Janus ripped open the front of his T-shirt. The wide-open shreds exposed shocking smears on his chest like wounds ripped in flesh. Red lipstick gleamed on sweaty flab. Janus then flung his arms wide and high with head thrown back, tongue out he screamed as though his throat was slashed...

“A-a-a-r-r-r-gh-gh-gh-h-h-h-h!!!!!”

The air between stage and audience froze in a prolonged outburst of stunned silence, then sad clapping began, growing louder with a few standing yells, and Janus staggered from sight offstage behind the curtain, muttering.

“Fuck you all!”

Applause grew louder the further he got away from it. Daisy shook her head at the sight of Janus dripping sweat, T-shirt in shreds. His heaving chest was streaked red like from a fight with a woman with long fingernails. His face was that of a tormented animal in a cage, diabolical eyes steaming in a taut face the colour of fried tomatoes, a happy madman.

“Wow,” she said as applause quickly petered out. “Will anybody still be out there? Should I go on now?”

“Damned if I know,” Janus sucked air to his lungs. “Damned if I know!”

He gave a breathless snigger. Laughter on the other side of the curtain died. A lonely lingering shout of complaint was met by the screech of the PA.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Lights flashed on an empty stage. The light and sound guy gave another sequence of flashes. Nothing happened but loud music, and more Boom! Boom! Boom! A moment of suspense gripped Daisy. She braced against a swell of panic. She was too stoned to do it. Shouts from the other side of the curtain blurred her mind. She felt dreary. The light and sound guy hit the replay button, Boom! Boom! Boom!

With a heavy sigh Daisy angrily flung aside the curtain with one arm in the air, her tummy sucked tight and teeth gleaming, a knee thrust provocatively forward. She flounced a few steps and pranced, her eyes sparkled, anxiety evaporated, energy fizzed… then with a surge of effervescence, her heart soared, though she dared not twirl for fear of spinning-out and crashing on her face.

After the audience suffered torture by Janus, the whole place calmed and warmed to the soothing suggestive softness of Daisy. Her flesh glowed as her movement flowed. Her limbs and curves caught the light in evocative, delicate postures. She moved with voluptuous and generous ease, with elegant gestures, vulnerable, tasteful, humble, tender and comforting. Oblivious to the smiling faces and applause she fed on, as one ignores the air we breathe, she offered the flavourings and succulence of mature beauty, body and throat bared to the light, against the brutality of the accompanying beat.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

At the bar Henri cupped hands over his face. It was a disaster. Everyone was stunned. It was a night Henri later swore he would never forget as long as he lived. Luckily, he said, Daisy danced better than usual though she took her time coming on. But that was not enough to console him.

After the debacle, Henri stormed at Janus with a scowl of wounded hatred, his small eyes surrounded by sags of dark woe. He cornered Janus in the backroom.

“You miserable bastard,” Henri spat. “If I wasn't feeling so sick I'd kick your guts in. You’re making a mockery of the Club…. coming onstage stoned off-your-head like that… and an insult to me. All I wanted was to give you the chance to make a go of this place….”

*

Janus was intimidated by Henri's tears, and the spray of spittle that came with his words. Yet Janus’s fear was dulled and distracted, as he wiped his face. He did not feel responsible for the way the world was, after all the truth surely cannot be condemned for disturbing the dirt where it falls.

“What do you think you’re doing, Janus? Nobody wants to go through this. Haven’t I suffered enough?” Henri groaned.

Janus explained, “I don’t know, it just came out that way.”

“You should have let it stay there. That’s it, Pal. You’re finished! I should have listened to your wife. Deanna was right! Oh, my aching kidneys. I can’t take any more. I’m not even angry. I have persisted. I have persisted against my better judgement, against everybody’s advice, and this is how you reward me.”

Henri shook his head like a broken man, “Four hundred bucks a night for that shit!”

Henri's face swelled white and red in patches. At least that's how it seemed to Janus in the moment. His brain pulsated in a drugged afterglow and the backstage gloom. Daisy was shocked by the outburst. She patted Henri on the back of his head, but she meant it for his shoulder.

“Are you okay, Daddy? Will you be all right, do you think?”

Her eyes rolled momentarily, but quickly flicked back from Lala-land.

“Never again, nev-er again,” Henri moaned. “I swear on everything sacred, never again!”

Henri retreated to his table front side, and he recovered quickly. He would not let Janus get the better of him. Marty knew Henri had recovered somewhat after the old guy slammed his fist on the tabletop.

“Marty, get me another bottle. If Janus comes near me, stop me from killing the little shit.”

“You’re finished, smart ass!” Henri snarled as Janus left the Club that night.

“My heart can't take it. I’m not interested in controversy. Why didn’t you just take off your clothes again, or something? Insult people if you must, but don’t rub their faces in it. I warned you before. Nobody is interested in your political heart-wrenching. It’s not safe. It isn’t your thing. You don’t understand. You’ve never seen what I have. To you it's all a joke. You mock Hell, but I have lived through it!”

Janus stood by the table, head lowered, expecting more vitriol. Henri simply grunted, “Get him out of here, Marty.”

Janus slunk from the nightclub. Marty escorted the dejected comedian through the curtain at the entrance and out to the bottom of the stairs. Marty called out cheerfully as Janus trudged upward toward the street, “See you round Buddy! Some other place maybe…”

Janus paused at the top of the stairs with the cool breeze chilling the tears that dripped from his eyes as he stared at his name on the placard. It felt funereal.

*

Next day there were more than ten paragraphs in the morning paper. Several times they mentioned Janus by name. The story was on page three in the news section with a photograph captioned, Janus: the ground-breaking satirical genius or gutter-mouthed subversive? The text labelled Janus variously as a free-thinking, wild-eyed rebel and a fearless iconoclast then elsewhere as an idiosyncratic individualist. His performance was lambasted as an irrational and erratic outburst of manic vile. He was accused of exploding onstage out of control, and launching psychotic attacks on all that is sacred, upright and decent.

“Oh, it’s wonderful Hugh!” Deanna cried. “I’ve had calls from my friends all morning. They want to see your show. Even Sylvester wants to come. Uncle Henri cannot believe it. He called me, but I told him to leave you alone. I’ve had calls from reporters all morning, but I let you sleep.”

“What do you mean?” Janus shook his head.

He had risen only minutes before and staggered from the bedroom, unwashed, not properly woken, washed out, washed-up, wondering how to justify his existence now his life of comedy was over. How Deanna would gloat over his downfall. Maybe she was behind it. He would not be surprised if she was the one who turned Henri against him. He was too proud and too injured to mention it. Janus ignored the newspaper spread on the table. He did not see his small photograph on the open page. He refused to look when Deanna pushed it toward him. He had no interest in the world, or life, anything or anyone, much less whatever it was that had Deanna so excited. Without the slightest interest he asked, “What’s going on?”

“You’re a sensation!” Deanna gushed.

Her sarcasm hurt. The phone rang like a gunshot. The sound went straight through his skull and out the other side without hitting a thing. His dehydrated brain was shrunk to the size and texture of a walnut. It rattled inside his head as he shuddered with a morning tremor. Deanna said it was Henri on the phone. Janus groaned. He held his head in his hands and took the receiver ready for leftover abuse from the night before.

“Hugh Janus!” Henri cried. “You genius, the phone has been ringing hot. We’re booked out. Everybody’s heard about you. The Club is famous. Did you see how many times they mentioned my place? Forget the papers, it gets even better.”

Janus handed the phone to Deanna and sat down. Janus massaged his head, wondering if he heard right. His belly was swollen from the night before and his trousers felt too tight.

“Two TV channels want to get footage of the show tonight,” Henri told Deanna excitedly. “People are talking. They're going nuts.”

“Calm down, Uncle Henri,” Deanna gasped. “Let’s talk about Hugh’s money.”

“I’m coming over,” Henri said.



Chapter 22


“Every damned thing you do doesn’t have to make sense. 
If it did, we’d all be back in the stone ages voting informal.”- Hugh Janus.


Janus felt like a man reprieved on death row when woken after his execution to be told the rope broke and he was still alive. And not only that the death sentence was revoked he would be rewarded! Janus could not believe what he heard.

Now Deanna was celebrating, not complaining. What did it mean? It meant overnight the world turned upside down. Like what was, now was no more. And what was gone now was again! Janus sat back and did nothing… yet things happened like the secret workings of a giant mechanical device over which an individual could exert no control or influence. Life was wacky! It defied reason or comprehension. The phone rang again. He reached slowly to grab the call while Deanna skinned a spliff.

This time it was an interstate call from Stiffy Wunda.

Janus expected congratulations but Stiffy simply said, “I want you, Man! They want someone else but I want you.”

Stiffy bragged he was signing a contract to do a series of TV shows.

“I have to see you,” said Stiffy.  “We need to talk about this fucking thing. I want us to work together. Man it could be something big. Bring your wife. You can stay in one of the kids’ rooms at my place. We'll have a ball. I've told my missus about you, and she’s jealous. Ha-ha-ha! This is serious big-time shit. The only trouble is you'll have to do what you're told. But we'll work it out together. I want the real you to come across. Of course, I'll have to blow you off the screen, but at least we'll have fun, like I mean F-U-fucking-N… we’ll have parties you never dreamed….”

“Yeah?” said Janus.

“Yeah,” Stiffy laughed. “I've got to go. I'm late for a meet. Give me your agent's number. The bastards will have to massage this shit together for us.”

Janus thought of a thousand things in a flash, and said, “I'll have to get back to you on that.”

He desperately needed to ask Deanna about it. She would no doubt be scathing but it was too important a moment for pride.

Just before the line cut dead Stiffy said, “And if you take my advice, you'll keep that slimy bastard Henri Kaye out of it.”

The news rocked Janus but pleased him. He tried to tell Deanna as she passed him a freshly-lit joint, and he filled his lungs with soothing smoke. A fist banged at the door and Deanna rushed down the hall to get it.

*

“They were complaining about you on the radio this morning,” Henri trumpeted as he barged across the threshold.

“Hello!” Deanna said sarcastically.

Henri brushed her aside, and Daisy trailed behind unhappily.

Janus heard Daisy moaning as she came along the hall, “This is all too much for me. Things are changing too fast.”

She was right, Janus thought. Henri shouted down the hallway as he rushed toward Janus slumped on the living room couch with the joint hanging from his lip.

“People who never heard of you are talking about you.”

“What does it mean in dollars?” Deanna interjected.

“Leave that to me,” Henri said. “We’ve been through too much to bog down on minor details. We have to strike while the iron is hot. And you’re hot boy, steaming hot! Believe me, you'll be a front-page name before we're finished.”

Henri slapped Janus on the shoulder and chortled.

“What about these TV shows?” Deanna chimed in. “How much are they willing to pay?”

“Speaking of TV shows,” Janus coughed smoke.

He plucked the joint from his lips. “Have you heard the news? Stiffy Wunda has signed up to do a TV comedy series...”

“What’s he got that Hugh hasn’t got?” Deanna growled, looking round.

Henri laughed, “He sucks a lot of cock!”

Daisy raised her eyebrows and said indignantly, “Well! Where’s my TV show?”

The others laughed.

Daisy went, “Wha-a-a-at?”

Janus alone was impressed with Stiffy's good news.

Henri seized Janus in a bear hug, “Don’t pay any attention to anything I said last night, Hugh. I was upset.”

Henri smelled as always of cigar smoke versus cologne and bad breath, staler now than usual.

“That’s what happens sometimes. You know how hot-blooded I get. Deanna, do percolate the coffee. The Star looks like he needs it.”

As Deanna toddled obediently to the kitchen with Daisy in her wake, she yelled, “Start talking money….”

Her words had no effect on the men.

“Some of them hate you already, but that doesn’t matter,” Henri whispered to Janus. “Let them pay for the privilege. They’re making an unbelievable fuss. I’m reintroducing a door charge.”

With sneaky eyes he dragged Janus close and between clamped teeth whispered lowly, “I've decided. I'm putting everything behind your career. And I'm finished with Daisy. I got something going for me, don’t worry. The old bag does nothing for the show, and the show is all I care about. She's holding us back. She’s finished. I'm pissing her off, out of the Club and out of my life. She's a dead loss. I'm done with her. Don't say anything. If she fucks with me, I'll put her under a bus.”

Janus looked aghast, and gasped, “You can't mean it. You're talking about our Daiz…”

Henri gave a chilling glare. Janus froze open-mouthed.

Poor Daisy deserved better than that, Janus felt, as Deanna called out again, and Daisy’s chuckle could be heard. Henri glared in the direction of the kitchen.

“Don’t worry, I'll handle them. Deanna doesn’t know what she’s talking about. She doesn’t know show biz like you and me, Hugh. She just wants you to get a job like a putz. You’ve got a job with me at the Club as long as you want. Our priority is to seize this golden opportunity.”

Henri held out a fleshy paw.

“Shake on it brother. We don’t need a contract. We're family…. together through thick and thin, right Hugh…. one for all and all for one? We’ll take this head-on side by side, you and me like we always have. I just want you to do the same show you did last night, that's all, word for word, my boy. The whole town expects it…”

“The same show?” Janus muttered as his hand wobbled in Henri’s grip. “I don’t do the same show. It wasn’t a show. I don’t know what it was. It’s just me.”

“Sure, sure,” said Henri.

He waved his empty hand, “I know. Just change it round a bit. Where are your notes? Maybe I can help.”

“Forget it, Henri…. nothing is written down. I’ll do a show. But it won’t be the same show. It can’t be and never is…. I couldn’t remember if I tried.”

Henri was aghast.

“What prima-donna horse-piss…” Henri stood up and he sat down. “Fucking bullshit!!!! What do you mean you can’t remember? Damn! I promised them. I’ve got friends in the business wanting to hear it exact. How the hell…? I thought you were a professional….”

Daisy set the tray on the coffee table and slopped herself in a lounge chair with a meaty flash of her knickers. Deanna rubbed her fingers and thumb together under Henri's nose. Henri pushed her hand away from his face.

“Of course, there’ll be plenty in it for you,” Henri sneered. “Don’t worry about that.”

The sneer fell away and he muttered, “Fuck! What am I going to say to people?”

Deanna arched an eyebrow haughtily and rose to her full height with her hands on her hips, her tummy swelled defiantly.

“And not just when you feel like it,” she snapped. “I'm not talking about a lousy four hundred bucks a night. We want a contract! Don’t we Hugh?”

Deanna raised her eyebrows, and Henri lowered his. They both appealed for Janus’s support. He looked confused at them in turn.

“But you said last night… Remember? You said I was finished…” Janus began to speak, and Henri cut him short, with a stalling hand-gesture.

With closed eyes, Henri shook his head dismissively, “Oh, forget it, that was last night. Forget all that rubbish. It was the heat of the moment.”

“And what are you talking about, four hundred bucks a night?” Janus asked his wife.

Henri enjoyed the moment more than either Deanna or Janus. Deanna flapped her lashes and with the palm of her hand over her heart she explained how she used the Power of Attorney to register Janus as a business for taxation purposes and to open a banking account for Henri to lodge payment for the shows. It made Janus no happier to hear the money was safe… and seemingly worse - none of it had been spent. No one had told him a thing. That seemed the cruellest news, in a way. Without wondering how much money was in his mystery account, he asked, “Why didn't you tell me”?

“Sorry Baby. I thought I did. I'm sure I did,” she said.

Janus could not be sure she didn't. He looked with disappointment at each smiling face in the room in turn. Among them he saw his own face scowling in a wall mirror. He saw none he could rely on. The world for Janus was upside down spiralling beyond his control. There was nought he could do but sit through these confusing events and wait to see the upshot of whatever happened.

A radio station rang and taped an interview for ten minutes with him over the phone. Janus stood scratching his backside and trying to sound like he knew what he was saying. They asked him his views on the war in Iraq. Deanna later turned on the news in case they ran the interview. The station played only a few seconds of the long interview. The sound-grab proved with evidence Janus was a freak. They asked about his comedy.

He didn't recognise his own voice guffawing on radio, as he heard the replay, “….I don’t do comedy….. It’s more your hard-core verbal sex show, a stand-up one-man mental-gangbang….. It’s….”

The sound of Janus was chopped short by a loud Blee-eep!

The newsreader took a loud breath. Without comment she proceeded to the next segment and Deanna snapped the radio off.

Unknown to Janus, until he was told so off-air by the radio interviewer, he had become a household name. He was a controversial personality. Even if his act was not funny to some people, at least it was weird…. and even if it was sometimes funny, it was still very weird.

Critics complained he performed drunk or on drugs, which sometimes was not true. Some said he made a lot of sense, which he also did not always do. All agreed he was totally outrageous. Hugh Janus was worse than anything seen before on stage, said one who hadn't seen him yet. Many disparaging references were made regarding an obscene tattoo on the comedian’s arm, too disgusting to describe in detail….

“The offending tattoo is far worse than much graffiti to be found in a public toilet,” claimed one commentator.

*

After the newspaper article and endless calls from the local and then the national media, Deanna said she would not miss Janus’s act that night for anything. She would have driven Janus to the Club, but she wanted to pick up Sylvester along the way. She dragged cash from her purse and stuffed it in Janus’s hand for a cab.

Janus lost the urge to discuss Stiffy Wunda’s offer. And anyway, he wanted to get to the Club early. That was unusual. He caught a cab with Deanna’s dollars. He stared at the cash, and he decided to drop off to see Blanche on the way to give her some. He knew it would make her happy. And too, he needed to talk to somebody about the idea of working on TV with Stiffy Wunda. But Blanche wasn't at home, so he waited awhile and he took a walk and she still wasn’t there, so he stuffed a hundred dollar note under the door and left. She would know who it was from, he hoped.

He arrived at the Club later than usual, and as was his wont he regarded the banner-line Comedy Sensation for a dose of reassuring reflection. The street was quiet and he gazed at the placard with pride. Many thoughts raced through his mind… not one survived the sound of the word he next heard….

“Hi!”

He turned to see a generously-filled tight sweater and skimpy black shorts hugged into the curve between thighs. He stared at meaty thin legs in black tights before his eyes reached her face. It was Candy. He marvelled at her remarkable legs. He thought it criminal to hide them behind the bar night after night away from his gaze. The sounds of the street and the background faded away. She was dressed in black on black as always with red mouth and huge dark eyes accentuated by dark full eyebrows, and more.

“Howdy Handsome,” Candy said.

During a brief chat their eyes clung to the other’s face. They smiled more than speaking and she touched his arm and he touched hers. She scribbled her address on a scrap of lolly-wrapper from her handbag. She added a phone number. He read it as she scampered ahead of him down the stairs and he almost fell down after her. Above her phone number and address she had scrawled the word Maria.

Deanna Kaye meanwhile sat on a tall stool at the bar in Henri's Club, before the rush. She waited with her back to the bar, watching the early arrivals, a cocktail in her hand and a straw stuck between grinning lips. Henri busied behind the bar in shirt-sleeves slopping out drinks with glee. Deanna was almost too excited to suck her straw and she looked about the place eager to not miss a moment.

There was still much time to go before the show. Deanna whispered in Sylvester’s ear. Now she knew how friends felt, going to watch their children at a School Sports Day. Uncle Henri flapped behind the bar to greet a few big shots. He loudly called each by name, while his two thugs hung by bored as ever. Sylvester leaned smoothly toward Deanna with a drink in his hand looking debonair and he laughed something in her ear. Her eyes sparkled mischievously.

Then Janus wandered in. He had a word with Marty; looking toward the bar and smiling at what he saw, while Candy set up behind bar. Candy walked down one end and folded her blouse carefully away under the bar. She came back stripped-down to her bare tattoos. Janus noted Doctor Malone leaning on the bar distracted by Candy while Deanna with her broad proud grin waved to Janus. He waved back and joined her at the side of the bar.

“It's a sell-out,” Marty said as he joined the group.

Henri yelled for Marty to get back to his post at the entrance where he belonged.

Janus had a few words with Sylvester and Deanna. The whole time young Candy watched with eagle eyes. Deanna sucked her cocktail dry and asked Sylvester to get her more in a larger glass, Sylvester relayed the order with a charming grin… and Candy took her sweet time about getting it. Henri twitched anxiously from place to place, from face to face, until the joint was crowded.

By then Henri had escaped from the bar to the safety of his suit-coat and his chair at his usual table.  The sound guy waved his hands as an orchestral conductor, and with a dramatic flourish flicked the switch to kill the music over the PA….

Crash!

Out of sight a bucket and mop were kicked aside, as Hugh Janus flew on stage from behind the curtain. The hum of talk in the place ceased. Janus leaped to the edge of the stage, swirling black cord, the gaffer-taped mike in his hand. He was not the warm-up man. This night, he was The Man!

He gave his backside a firm regal scratch.

“Felicitations fornicators… and you fine young fist-fuckers up the back there...hey… keep your hands where we can see them! We don’t want the waitress slipping on the wet carpet as she goes by your table….”

Big speakers boomed. Deanna beamed. She had never properly watched Janus perform before. Years of sticking with him now made sense. He was bigger and better than ever…. and worth something now. Henri blinked, as the tall handsome man at the bar rubbed against his niece. Deanna’s smiling lips opened like a door being entered. Henri watched from the corner of his eye with a worried expression. Women were all the same….

All faces turned toward the stage like penguins at feeding time in the zoo.

“Thank you, Fucks… I mean Folks…” the packed audience crowed for more.

“You’re damn-spastic – I mean fan-tastic…”

Competing TV crews jammed against one side wall. Hecklers shouted in competition, tonight not with Janus, but against each other baying pathetically for attention - one eye on the stage show, another on the TV cameras. The waitress’s bare ass-cheeks received less attention than normal, wobbling-by under flicking skirt-hems.

“Sicko! Weak bastard! Get your gear off! You wanker!” various voices heckled like that, only to be ignored by Janus and all.

Janus even got laughs with old jokes he had used many times before.

“Yeah folks, you might not believe it, but I get a lot of complaints. People say I’m messy. My sex therapist complains too. She says to me, Every time you come I have to clean the mess off my ceiling.

“My wife used to complain too. She said I was untidy, because when I undressed I threw my underpants against the wall, and they fell down and made a mess all over the floor.

“But I solved that problem. Now I wear them sometimes weeks or months at a time, and it's so much tidier. These days they don’t fall all over the floor. When I throw them against the wall now, they stick there….”

The crowd roared, women wept, drinks flowed faster and the bare breasts of young waitresses bobbed in all directions among the tables to keep up with empty jugs and glasses.

“Yeah, my wife is a high-class dame. She likes to create a good impression. When people visit our place on social occasions, she even unlocks my handcuffs and puts them in the cupboard with her horsewhip….” Janus glared at the crowd daring them to not laugh.

“And when her friends come she hides the strap-on dildo she normally wears around the house….”

Deanna shrieked. Henri looked at her like she was mad, but turned his attention to the show.

“What worries me most about that dildo is when she hides it in the refrigerator. Man it’s shocking when it’s cold!!!!

“That’s why she does it! Yeah, she’s big on discipline, my missus - not just in regard to my behaviour. Talk about cleanliness! Sometimes she scrubs the toilet with my toothbrush…”

Someone shouted, “Like when it’s in your mouth!”

Many laughed including Janus, and he rolled with it, “Don’t get me wrong, she is a good woman, my missus. She is devoted to her family. Last week she had them all to our place to celebrate the parole-board’s rejection of her father’s application for early-release.

“I don’t mind. My wife’s family are a bunch of mouth-breathing nymphomaniacs and wankers…. But they’re not so bad. Not once you get used to them rubbing their groin against your leg the whole time. I just turn up the sound so I can hear the TV above their heavy breathing.

“At least the wife’s brothers and sisters don’t try to get-it-on with our kids’ pet dog…. not like her mother does! God that old woman can run fast on her hands and knees. The dogs try but they can’t get away. She corners them under the house. You can hear their heads banging on the floorboards.

“Anyway, family is family. And like I said…. my wife invited her family around for dinner. That was okay. But then she expects me to go out and buy some food….. and a saucepan even. That was the final straw!

“I told her, you’re kidding! I’m not buying a saucepan for One Meal!”

“It’s hard to believe,” Deanna whispered loudly to Sylvester over her shoulder. “You’ve transformed him. He’s totally changed. He’s quite good now.”

Sylvester squeezed Deanna’s butt cheek.

“I have done only what you asked.”

“Do some more,” Deanna giggled.

Henri watched the show onstage with a sidelong glance at the Deanna and Sylvester show. He shook his head with disapproval.

“Oh no, he’s changed it all,” Henri whined. “He's doing the same old rubbish he used to do. People want the new stuff like he did last time.”

The punters wanted fashionable, modern, crazy controversy. They came to hear political bullshit about traumatised children…. and war and slaughter. Audiences were like women, slaves to fashion. They needed to be treated the way they deserved…. People did not flock to hear this stale domestic-comedy that Janus fell into.

The room thundered with applause.

“You know I just got back from Iraq. I love that place. You can buy kids on the street. That’s right, folks. You buy them piece-by-piece. You try to put them together again like a jigsaw puzzle. It’s the latest craze. They call it rebuilding the country. Of course to do that…. you first have to blow the whole joint to the fucking shit-house.”

“Tell it like it is, brother,” cried a faceless voice.

“I love Baghdad in the springtime. Everyone goes crazy. You need a machete to hack your way through the flies. Even the flies are crazy…. the way they swarm all over the dead and mangled bodies…. the crazy flies get so drunk on human blood, Man. They think they’re journalists at a fucking celebrity press conference!

“Man, I tell you, I-rak is full of surprises! I went there via Afghanistan trying to buy used body-parts for resale on the international organ-transplant market…. but terrorists kidnapped me. Can you believe it? They held me for ransom. I laughed. I told them: Guys, even my own wife doesn’t want me back anymore….

“The bitch would back-trade me on a second-hand vibrator without batteries, if she could find a taker… that's how good I am…

“Then I tried to negotiate with the kidnappers…. I made a proposition….. I said to the terrorists, Listen, if you guys execute me, can I have the kidneys? I know where I can sell them for a fortune in the Philippines.”

Henri grinned from ear to ear, and leaned toward his journalist-mate nearby.

“See. I told you. He’s good, isn’t he?” The guy nodded and the PA filled the room with the sound of Janus.

“Yeah Baby…. imagine…. me…. kid-napped at my age! I told those stupid terrorists, I said, You’re Kidding! But naturally, I got away…. I tore a copy of the Bible in half and they thought it was the Koran. They fell to their knees praying, like a flock of sheep attacking a an invisible bale of hay. It was easy.”

People laughed. Janus, unsure what was funny and what not, flung out his disrespect and anti-war gags. It seemed nothing he said failed to go well. It reminded him pleasantly of his childhood, watching a crowd at the zoo laughing madly around a caged gorilla. The gorilla grabbed handfuls of faeces and flung it out through the bars at the crowd. As a child Janus felt sorry for the captive beast, and his mother said it was disgraceful, as she dragged young Janus away by the arm. His father said the zoo should erect a glass-barrier to protect the crowd from the filth! But even to a child, the filth was the greatest part of the show. And now, Janus felt similarly great as he showered the crowd in Henri’s Club with his filth, and now he guessed maybe the gorilla felt good too… in the same way.  He could not be certain though, if he or the gorilla got more laughs.

“You know I can at last reveal the truth…. now that it no longer matters. I am authorised to hereby officially inform you: the Soviet Union was really an Islamic plot. That’s right, folks, now you know why they called their capitol Mosque-O. What more proof do you want?”

The room buzzed with laughter, and Henri grinned. Deanna and Sylvester crushed together in the crowd. Henri happily noticed a well-known Senator at a table crowded by a posse of left-wing young warriors. Henri pushed his way toward the politician but could not get through the tangle of drunk-filled chairs. The place was a death-trap if a fire started. Henri happily noted Marty was turning punters away at the door, while the act went on.

“It’s hard to get accommodation in Baghdad. You got to grab a place and jump in under the bed, before they bomb it down.  I tried to book into the Palestinian Hotel, but they were still cleaning journalists off the walls.

“You know the cheapest and safest way to get to Iraq this time of year? Sit on your backside in front of your TV. Let the blood pour out at your feet all over the floor. King Herod had nothing on these guys. Americans in Afghanistan and Iraq make the Israeli troops in Palestine look like aid workers.”

Henri’s smile opened like the gap in a chopped-watermelon.

“Yeah, kill the young ones, and watch the ugly old ones suffer. Don’t you love the way they howl in misery. I just wish they would bring back Napalm, the fragrance of Dow and Monsanto! Third World kids go mental over that stuff. They rip off their clothes and run around the place off their heads…. screaming Waah-h-h-h!!! Waah-h-h-h!!! Waah-h-h-h!!!  Like Jimi Henrix’s guitar on fire…. or some famous silver screen slut in Hollywood taking a cunt-full of Botox injections. Oo-oo Man that hurts! Napalm I’m talking about!

For a moment, Henri’s face darkened, but then he slowly began to smile again, as on stage Janus madly scratched at his rear-end.

“Die hard, baby! You can kill a man six times over if he has five children. Those Arab chicks might cover their heads and faces, so you can’t tell a distraught sister from a grieving mother …. But they can’t hide the pain in their eyes….

“That’s why I’m against traditional warfare. This new stuff is better. The old-fashioned civilised insanity is too fucking sanitised. Peacekeeping in city streets with tanks and helicopters, machine guns and missiles… against civilians! Hey, that's what I call high-class entertainment, don’t you agree? Intellectual war news, Man oh Man…. the ultimate Reality TV…. It’s a free-to-fucking-air snuff-fest!”

The Henri’s Club crowd quivered in anticipation, a semi-silence between surges of laughs and outraged roars, amid a general happy apathy. Bowed heads muttered as fingers nursed forgotten cigarettes, feet fidgeted in ill-fitting shoes, tobacco-stained mouths dried, dull eyes narrowed, faces dripped sweat and laughter rippled. Here a laugh, there a chuckle…. Henri regarded the effect on the crowd. People swallowed uneasily. It was a solid drinking show.

“Speaking of neighbours - we don’t get to know our neighbours in Baghdad any more. Without warning they’re gone! Kaput! Kaboo-oo-oom-m-m! You never know if it’s the Terrorists or The Terror when you hear the knock at your door.  You can tell the terrorists easily. They’re the assholes who are NOT followed round by TV camera crews wearing bulletproof battle-vests and army issue helmets…..”

One of Henri’s regulars, a hard drinking guy had enough and made to leave. He muttered to Henri as he went by, “The prick’s a commo….”

Henri cackled, “Yeah but the silly cunts love the cunt….”

Sure, as the Irish used to say, when not blowing each other to bits during their own troubles, for Henri it was not the end of the world if Janus ruffled a few sacred feathers. The place was overcrowded! The till rang loud! Henri noticed another disgruntled punter struggling through the crowd to get out of the place. Henri pushed his way toward Deanna. He pointedly ignored Sylvester’s greeting. Henri’s voice drowned in the noise of the bar, with the sound of Janus booming over the PA and the laughter of many voices.

“I wish he would tone it down a little,” Henri croaked. “He is alienating punters.”

“He’s doing well,” Deanna shouted. “It’s a good crowd. They’ll talk about this for ages.”

She rubbed her finger and thumb together under Henri’s nose and he smiled at her with bright eyes, as the onstage monologue rabbited-on and Janus sweated under the searing spotlight.

“These days you can buy beaut little red second-hand sandals cheap in Baghdad. But they only come one-by-one. The real cool thing is they still have the tiny feet inside them.

“Like you can get stuff in Baghdad that isn't even yet in our local boutiques. In Baghdad they're selling tie-dyed patterns designed by people who've actually died in them.

“Shit yeah… but! Don’t get me wrong. I might be a bleeding heart pacifist, but I’m a realist too. War ain't all bad. You gotta look on the bright side….” Janus prattled with lunatic abandon, “You need to get things in perspective, ya gotta have a balanced view…. Don't throw the bathwater out with the baby. Cook the little bastard in it first and sell the soup…. Like, don’t forget, there’s still Too Much Hunger in the World!

“You know it makes sense. It’s simply good business…. And what’s good for business is just plain-old, down-home, mother-fucking, gold-darned, Re-ligious and Righteous! Holy Moses, praise-be…. trust in God, Freedom of Choice - and Devil take the hindmost! Allah be merciful…. except to the infidel! Like in the good book it says…. just wipe the blood off the TV screen and follow the line of sheep to the slaughter. There’s always something to see there, down at the slaughter. The Biggest Show in Town! Shut up and swallow your propaganda. Be good children…. Do your religion, uphold the vision….

“Oh Baby! Kaboom-m-m-m! War is good shit! If they made it illegal the Mafia would sell it.

“I have no time for goody-two-shoes, bleeding-heart, namby-pamby anti-war fraidy-cats…. Get your ass back to Fantasyland where you belong! This is the real world! Don’t try to tell me War is No Good!!! Fuck no! What - do you think people are stupid? If War was bad, god-damn it, we’d all live in fucking peace…. wouldn’t we? You know how hard it is… to organise a war??? Getting the idiots to stop running away every time a bomb goes off is only half the trouble. You know how many Holy Books full of prayers it takes to win a battle? You don’t need to be a genius to see which side’s God is to blame for all this death and destruction - the power mad big shots on both sides are the Bad Gods….”

Henri had a growing concern. He wished the first show had been repeated instead of this. It was too abrasive. At least the first show did not go so long. He regretted giving Janus a totally-free run of the stage. Henri cringed, as he recalled his grandiose pronouncement, before the show.

“Whatever you want, Baby. It’s your act, do what you like. Go crazy. Take whatever time you need, Hughie. No restrictions. No restraints. No complaints. Just get out there and kill them!”

Henri said that to Janus before the show. Now, Janus seemed intent to kill his own golden goose instead…. And Henri didn’t like it.

“Man,” Janus raved. “War is Hell??? Hell it is….”

He smiled, momentarily looking sane as he lost track of what he was saying.

“Nah!!! For some maybe! But not for you and me, we’re the winners! Just look at the opinion polls. Our self-regard is unassailable! Not like that heart-wrenching Third-World scum of victims who got nothing better to do all day than starve and bleed to death in front of TV cameras. Fatalities, casualties and sufferers - Man they’re the prey of Gods! If they don’t like it, how come they don’t buy tickets and fly away? Catch a getaway boat to Merry Christmas Island. Why don’t they just turn off the TV camera and go somewhere else??? Sheesh…. You folks must be pissed, to laugh at this shit…. I love youse all.”

People were starting to shout things above the tiring sound of laughter as Janus interrupted his act to have water brought from the bar.

Get him off!

Oh My God!

What a load of rot!

But others roared approvingly.

Henri rolled his eyes, mumbling, “This is not what I hoped for.”

Then Henri soured more, when Candy said happily, “Thank goodness, the orders are slowing down….”

Henri noticed also the TV crews trained their cameras now on the crowd instead of at the stage. Janus drank half the water and poured the rest over his head. People were throwing screwed-up paper napkins and stuff, luckily no glasses or ashtrays yet. Janus seemed to do his best to be changing that….

“You don’t see millionaires fighting for seats in the gutters of Baghdad, folks. All the front-row seats are taken by little kids waiting to get their arms and legs and heads blown off. Kaboom-m-m-m! That’s the latest word from the Gods on Wall Street and in the Palestinian refugee camps. Car-r-r Bomb? Kar-boo-oo-oo-m-m-m! But is all this blood-and-guts a bit boring?”

“Yeah!” shouted angry voices.

“You’re not kidding…. but don't let me change the subject - Mission Accomplished? My greasy, fat ass…. the fighting isn't over till the Gods say it is! Get out there boys and be brave. Kill a bunch of fuckers...”

Henri focused on the crowd, the till, and Janus, for the moment they were his Holy Trinity.

Punters groaned loudly. One or two more pushed their way to the door, fighting their way past as many new others coming in. Abandoned seats did not stay long empty. Deanna’s eyes glistened, enjoying the joyous debacle.

“You need night-vision glasses to see it best. Get yourself a pair, instead of shades and sunglasses. That is if you want to fight for peace. Man! You don’t want to look like a tourist, or a bloody civilian. You might get killed….

“If you want to hear the latest you should read the Iraqi newspapers. You know they print the headlines in human blood now. It’s cheaper than ink.

“The latest front-page story is the World Bank lowered the price for one-legged whores on the futures market…. Hey! I must get one for my backyard garden. Maybe I’ll get one for my psychiatrist! For a few bucks more you can get a live one. Or at least one with the head still attached, and if you're fussy like I am, you might get one that's still warm.

“We know they’ve clamped down on child pornography, but there are still heaps of places you can go kill a kid if you want. Kind of, you know, Bite-Size Collateral Damage. Simply contact your nearest friendly recruiting office. Naturally, you must first join in the war, otherwise killing kids possibly falls into the category of murder…. I don’t know much about murder. All I know is, it’s illegal,” he waited a moment and said, “That’s the punch-line.”

Janus, head lowered in submission, arms wide in surrender, backed to the curtain and disappeared, to a healthy ovation. For Henri it was tedious, but he endured it with an eye on the till. Janus was his creation. Henri forced himself to listen to Janus like a man repelled by his own fart, yet unable to restrain himself from admiring it. Things could be worse. And to Henri’s relief loud applause signalled the torture had ceased.

Sylvester and Deanna and Henri clapped with the crowd. Candy behind the bar clapped too, and at the door, Marty told those who did not get in to come earlier next time, they missed a brilliant show. A few drunks roared for more. The lights went on. The big speakers suddenly throbbed with music.

“Thank God,” Henri sighed when Janus disappeared behind the curtain. “I can breathe again!”

“It wasn't that bad,” said the bleary-eyed journalist, shoving a woman aside to get close. “Hey, Henri old mate, this guy is one of a kind…. I’m not sure one of what! Can you get me a word with him?”

“This way,” said Henri, “Follow me. Just make sure everyone knows he appears here exclusively!”



Chapter 23


“I used to think walnuts were mad guys who helped build houses.” - Hugh Janus.


High rating, talk-back shock-jock radio guys complained. Hugh Janus angered them. He was a traitor to our fighting boys in Afghanistan and Iraq. Not to mention undermining the American peacekeeping effort. And since he could not be tarred-and-feathered, he should at least be ignored in the name of free speech. Further furore arose when one prominent broadcaster was suspended for two days after losing his temper on air and calling Janus a fucking disgrace!

Everybody got stirred up about Janus for weeks, and he never had the slightest idea. It was very confusing, especially the criticism regarding his attitude about Afghanistan.

“I don’t remember that,” Janus muttered.

Janus was a big hit but he felt like shit. His shoulders ached from slaps on his back, and his ass itched worse than ever. The backroom was jammed with well-wishers, including the ashtray-faced journalist, a pair of lost-looking pseudo-socialites, business types and regular show biz hangers-on. Three stoned rockers nobody ever heard of sat in a corner with lumps of silver piercing their faces in many places like victims of a shrapnel blast but one said his father was a QC who Henri either knew or wanted to know. One of Henri's cagey associates dragged a loosely-wrapped woman stacked like a fruit display up the steps of the back room into the tight-pressed crowd. The young woman wore a dog collar and purple hair shaved off one side of her head. Maybe she ripped it out herself Janus supposed. Her nipples pronounced themselves under a sheer camisole, as though she had absent-mindedly forgotten to finish dressing before she left home. Deanna clung to Janus for fear of drowning in the crowd. She warily watched his eyes drawn to the gaudy young woman’s erect nipples.

Deanna whispered close to Janus’s ear, “Darling, you were so good tonight!”

And Sylvester leaned against the wall, watching with a faint smile.

Daisy cried nearby with a compression of bodies squeezing closer, “Hugh, I'm so happy for you.”

Her tears plopped among miserly strings of powder as she chopped up a modest pile of coke for who might care. Hungry eyes hovered close to her. And Henri flipped under her nose a plastic zip-bag fat with the shit and told her not to hold back. The girl in the dog-collar gave Janus a long look, eyes rising slowly from his knees, lingering thoughtfully along the way. She licked her smiling lips, hitting him with an intense, come-and-get-it stare…. The heavy guy with her glared at the girl, and then with a laugh gave Janus a wink.

Someone grabbed Janus by the hand and pumped.

“It was a great show…. great show! Hey, you’re really something, man. You killed us all.”

Voices whined, bodies pressed and feminine looks lingered. Janus wanted out of there and he pretended to go to the bar. He slipped down the back walkway, past Henri's rat-hole, past the grimy toilets to the back and slipped out the emergency door. It banged behind him. He stepped over Zhiv's final resting-place where the chalk outline was long washed away, and he jogged down the lane and up the steep rise toward the busy street. As he hit the street, strangers pointed. Janus heard nothing and saw nothing till he reached home. Then he realised he had no cash to pay the cab and he asked the driver to ring the Club, for Henri to fix it over the phone.

The driver said, “He wants to talk to you.”

Janus took the phone and said nothing more than, “Sort the fucking thing out for the sake of Jesus Christ, Henri. I'm rooted!”

And he handed the phone back. The cab driver, a guy of middle-eastern appearance, stared at Janus as one might a suspected terrorist. Once inside the house Janus scratched his ass senselessly. He fossicked through a drawer in the bedroom and found a carefully-concealed tube of hydrocortisone acetate cream and lathered his inflamed sensitive region, scratching the cream into the flesh till it stung more than itched, before returning to the living room. He opened a bottle with a dead worm floating in the bottom. He finished off a half-smoked joint he found in an ashtray and poured the tequila down his neck to extinguish the inner fire consuming him. He ratted one of Deanna’s stashes in the cupboard where she kept her favourite handgun and too depressed to roll a joint he separated out a lump of hashish from the tangles of marijuana buds and he ate it. He turned on the TV loud to stop himself falling asleep. He stared into the flickering light. His softened brain absorbed the pulsating pixels. He tried to stop thinking, but ideas nibbled his brain, like ants crawling over a stale crust, ripping off bits and running away, then coming back for more. He changed channels, seeking boredom and inanity to kill thinking, until in exasperation he flung the remote smashing against the wall. Tequila ran over his chin and soaked his T-shirt front, while he glared at the screen, snarling abuse and pronouncing judgement on the talking heads that appeared before him. He stared at the tequila bottle from several angles and held it up to the light, wondering how the dead worm had escaped.

“You're all shit, you bastards!” Janus moaned. “Fucking cunts of fucking shit-bastards!!!

He saw himself revealed. It takes one to know one.

He fantasised himself on stage tearing open his shirt to reveal ten sticks of gelignite, the real gear, with coloured-wires curled from stick to stick and attached to a 9 volt torch battery with a digital clock taped in front. The clock numbers flashed counting seconds slowly down to zero.

“It’s no joke folks,” he shouted, sitting alone in the room on the lounge. “You’ve got thirty seconds to get-out of this building alive. Ha-ha-ha….”

A nightmare or not, where it began or ended he knew in his heart things were never quite the same between himself and whoever he really was. He belched up into his mouth a cocktail of bile and tequila. Some dead hour of early morning Deanna returned home, but she left him alone. It was useless trying to get through to him when he was in one of his moods.

“You're all shit,” he kept moaning, sprawled on the lounge, nursing the empty bottle to his tequila soaked breast.

Later Deanna made a phone call, starting in the hall and retreating to the bedroom.

“Don’t be silly,” Janus overheard her unintelligible whispers. “Look, okay I’ll come back round later. I can’t say when. Wait till he crashes.”

“If this ain’t crashed, what is?” Janus mumbled incoherently.

“Just leave the door unlocked, and be ready,” Deanna whispered. “I can only stay for an hour or so. I have to get back and make sure I have a couple of hours sleep. I have a big day tomorrow.”

Janus laughed without caring what it was all about, when he heard her whisper, “What can I do? You know how he is.”

Next day Janus woke back to life. His stomach was a grease-trap, his head throbbed, he itched badly and his throat was a stagnant drain. But that was all, the only good thing was it would wear off. Deanna went to work after her usual breakfast of black coffees, a fat joint and an avocado-half with lime juice and pepper. She offered Janus some but he eyed the avocado and saw green sick.

She said she was meeting Henri for lunch and Janus should come too. He said he might if he didn’t die before then. Janus found the phone and tried to ring Stiffy Wunda. But he did not know the number. He fished a scrap of paper from his pocket. He unfolded the wrapper and read the scrawled number. He longed to call Candy or Maria, either would do. He almost did. But he thought they might freak out if they knew the state he was in. Instead he rang Henri to find out what was going on. Daisy answered. She said Henri was not home. She was scared to face him. She begged Janus to come over. She said a quick fuck might improve her miseries. He laughed at the joke.

He guessed Henri had not yet told Daisy she was finished. Janus told her he should have a shower and he left the phone off the hook. He found the broken remote control hanging together in pieces, but miraculously it still worked. He watched TV as though peering through the eyes of God, everywhere, and seeing nothing but inane midday trash. He turned off the TV and instead for a while watched the one in his head.

He looked out the window. The world was grown dark. Day was gone and he was yet to breakfast or shower, or anything. He was dry with thirst, and he went for a beer which he consumed morosely. That night when she came home after work, Deanna found the phone off the hook and she re-placed it. She asked Janus why he was sulking.

“Don't worry about Henri, I'll handle him,” she said. “Things will get better and better now. Come to bed. Let me cheer you up.”

There she rubbed against him. Strangely he felt no twinge, no twinkle, no guilt, no gratitude, nothing. He seized her in his arms and kissed her hard, like she was a stranger and he did not care whether she liked it or not, in any way. She melted submissively, a yielding empire enfolding him…. and she now exceeded all his self and significance. She was at that moment the whole entire world that contained him. And within that warm, soft, entire world his ghosts dispersed and as one sank downward.

“Oh my God…” Deanna gasped as Janus slid out of sight.

“Oh Hughie-ee-ee….”

He felt somehow she was not talking to him. Rather, to something inside herself. He did not know from where his energy came, as she rubbed his face in their combined mess. He was confused by a sudden thought of the scent of Sylvester, as she lay panting beside him in bed and he ignored her. It felt good to feel nothing, it was something special. The pain gone from his mind and out of his head, he felt sick but not so badly as before. And having achieved nothing but exhaustion he lay back in peaceful submission. He gently scratched and he must have fallen asleep, he guessed; when he woke a few times he scribbled down the gist of a new joke or two that came to mind. Next day when he read the notes they meant nothing to him.

“I find this hard to admit,” said Deanna over breakfast before departing for work. “But your jokes are sometimes sort of funny in a strange way. Maybe I’m getting used to you.”

Janus desperately wanted to avoid becoming predictable. Deanna’s comment on that account worried him when she was gone. He disdained predictability and the deforming influence of structure in his humour. Bad habits destroy art.

He read the newspaper to savour the flavour of hatred in the reportage of conflict and woe. He was sad to see no mention of his own name on any of the pages. When he watched TV he glanced down at his white belly and wondered where the flab came from.

He answered the ringing of the telephone.

It was Daisy. She was bawling again, but this time at first she said nothing to make Janus feel awkward. She asked for Deanna. Janus said Deanna was gone to the office. He thought about it, and then said, “I think.”

Daisy didn't hang up. Janus immediately felt awkward as she began to complain about Henri. She said he was ignoring her in favour of some young woman. She felt sorry for the young tart running round with an evil, impotent, senile sadist three or four times her age. The girl must have no sense, or at least no sense of smell. And if she expected any treatment better than Daisy got, the girl was in for one Hell of a surprise.

“He's even stopped hiring me out to entertain his friends,” Daisy cried among a stream of incoherent complaints about Henri and his perversions, when Janus interrupted.

“What? Does Henri hire you out to do dance shows for his friends?”

“Don’t be stupid!” Daisy said. “How are you feeling?”

“I used to like it better when everybody hated me,” Janus said, happy for the chance to talk about his problems. “I’m exhausted. I’m lonely. I don’t want to care about anything. I think I’m getting depressed.”

Daisy said, “If I can do anything to make you feel better, just tell me. You know I love you, Darling. Can I call you Darling?”

Janus shrugged, momentarily tongue-tied.

“But I would never hassle you. I know I can be a bit of a handful, and I'm not as young as I used to be. But I would do anything for you, Hugh. You know that. I mean anything!!! You only have to ask.  You're the only one I respect out of the whole bunch….”

The last thing Janus needed was to hear that. It made his head spin. And the second last thing he wanted to hear was about her problems. As he wondered what to say, she didn't give him the chance.

“You have no idea how he hurts me,” she said. “He makes my blood go cold. You on the other hand, Hugh, you are so nice. You are too lost inside yourself to hurt anyone.”

Janus remained silent, thinking of Daisy’s motorised kisses and the soft sinking feeling when she held him, the sad look of her head with gaps in her hair, without eyebrows, her raw lips, her sultry darkness with deep longing and utter giving, making him too weak to resist and too numb to think…. with her ease, her sleaze, her desire to please, down on her knees, her tiny voice, her big eyes, her silky skin and her crazy mixed-up talk….

His face pained… Bloody Hell!!!

“You are my favourite,” she whispered.  “You know that. Don’t worry so much. It doesn’t help. I feel my life is doomed. But whatever happens I just want you to know you made it worthwhile for me, just knowing you, my dear, gentle friend….”

Janus wasn’t listening. Crazy talk led nowhere but trouble. He imagined Henri lurking behind a door listening to Daisy crap on.

Janus needed a crap.

Daisy's voice was remote, a verbal dance of fantasy. Janus didn’t need it. If Deanna said such things everything might be different between them. He knew better than to ask. Sure, Deanna patronised him with occasional sex. At times she was desultory to the point of disdain. Maybe the feeling was mutual. It wasn't enough. He wished he could discuss his problems with someone, anyone, but maybe most of all with Deanna - not crazy Daisy.

“Thanks pal,” Daisy said. “I'll go now, if you have nothing to say.”

Janus rang Blanche and she suggested he get round to her place if he wanted to talk. She said she only had a couple of hours before she went to the airport to meet one of her kids. Janus caught a cab and tipped the guy asking him to wait. He was surprised how motherly and old Blanche seemed when he got there. She was attired like a suburban lady, instead of her usual out-of-date hippie stuff. Janus remarked at her nice dress. She was going to a costume party for her kids, she laughed. Janus told Blanche about Stiffy Wunda's TV show and she said it was a good excuse to celebrate, but she heard Janus himself had done a show everybody was talking about.

“Everybody thinks you're crazy. You should be happy. Cheer up you big dummy,” she said, grabbing his face, and she chopped a line of coke to help him do it.

He explained his problems with Deanna. Blanche said a wife’s disinterest was never due to unnatural causes. No amount of self-pity would help a man if he did not want to admit it.

“Nothing turns-off a woman faster than a man wallowing in self-pity and being negative all the time,” she said. “We can do that for ourselves.”

Blanche apologised she didn't have more to give Janus, time or otherwise, and thanked him for the cash and she advised him to stop complaining about things, especially when he was talking to Deanna. Janus was wondering what, if anything, had he ever said wrong to Deanna.

And with regard to the business about the psychiatrist, Blanche laughed.

“So you think she's having an affair with her psychiatrist. How original! And she sent you to him…. doesn't that say something?”

Janus nodded gravely, more from the effects of the coke than comprehension. Blanche took a long sip of cold espresso from a mug. She leaned over his face, letting the bitter sweet liquid drip between her lips into his mouth. He gagged and coughed and with it sprayed coffee when he tried to swallow. That’s how it was with women. The warmth or the coldness, depending on many things, the wetness, the bitterness and sugary sensation – and then the moment a man swallows, he chokes - the harsh reality that in all women is a streak of evil sure to eventually destroy a man, if he does not first destroy himself. Maybe there was a gag somewhere in this, he thought as he stared at the cracked ceiling inside his head. There's this guy and...

Then Blanche pushed him away, she said she had to go. And so did he, he said. Outside he saw his cab gone. Janus regretted already having given the cabdriver a tip.

“I felt sorry for him,” said Janus. “The bastard was a refugee. He said he’d seen motor cars in Afghanistan, but until he left two years ago he’d never been in one. Now he's driving cabs here. Every time the prick changed traffic lanes he spent more time changing his mind than doing it! He freaked me out all the way. It wasn’t a cab-ride it was a thirty-dollar failed suicide attempt….”

So Blanche dropped Janus at his place on her way to the airport. Deanna was standing in the driveway at the letterbox with a fistful of junk mail when Blanche’s gas-guzzling V6 smoked to a halt at the kerb.

“Is that your wife?” Blanche asked.

“She was when I left home,” Janus quipped.

*

Deanna watched Blanche drive away, disappointed to see Janus so easily satisfied, but relieved to see such unthreatening competition.

“Who was that old bag?” Deanna asked when Janus kissed her cheek.

Before Janus could reply she said, “By the way, you had a call from Stiffy Wunda. He refused to talk to me. He said you should ring him urgently - before the whole thing falls through. What are you two up to?”

“It's about that TV comedy series he wants me in, Baby,” Janus said as they entered the house.

“He just wants to use you,” Deanna said. “Everyone will now. Tell him to get stuffed. You're bigger than him. Don't agree to anything. Trust nobody until you see their money. Did he mention money?”

“Not specifically.”

At that Deanna laughed, and Janus got a bad feeling in his gut of one thing ending, and something else beginning. But he did not know what things they were. He was turned off by the thought of doing anything. He resolved to sit back and do nothing and let things happen if they would. In the meantime he needed someone to talk to…. someone or something to excite him, to reignite him, and right now Deanna did not seem the one.

She said, “You're already bigger than Stiffy Wunda in this town. The World is at your feet. Don't fall over it...”

The phone rang halfway along the hall. Deanna flung the junk mail on the hallway table and seized the phone.

“Shit!” Deanna said to Janus, holding her hand over the receiver. “It's Daisy! She's got herself in a state!”

Between spurts of listening to Daisy, Deanna asked back over the phone, “Tell me Daisy, what's going on? What has he actually done? Calm down. It will be okay.”

Then Deanna said, “Okay, you can come here. I'll send Hugh to get you. Don't do anything silly. I mean it. Just wait. And calm down! For heaven's sake, calm down, everything will sort itself out in the end.”

Deanna said to Janus away from the phone, “Daisy is fucked up again. I knew this would happen…. same as before. Go get her and bring her here. She needs support. Something has happened. Who knows what it is this time. She says Uncle Henri has left her….”

“So what?” Janus asked.

He had his own problems.

His main problem at that very moment was Deanna covering the mouthpiece and telling him to go pick up Daisy and bring her home. Between telling Janus what to do, Deanna tried to calm Daisy.

“She can stay here a few days and we’ll sort things out.”

“Huh. I’ll wait here, till you get back with her,” Janus suggested.

“I can't go,” Deanna said. “I'm done in. I need to have a bath to relax before dealing with Daisy.”

Janus was done in too, and he sighed heavily to show it, “Why me?”

Holding the phone to her ear with a hand over the mouthpiece, Deanna laughed, “Because you're the best, Honey.”



Chapter 24


“Albert Einstein said, ‘The important thing is to never stop questioning?’ 
Okay, for a start, who the fuck is Albert Einstein? 
And does he have a sister? And what is she doing on Saturday night?” - Hugh Janus.


Daisy cried over the phone to Deanna. “It's a disaster. I need your help. I'm so scared. I'm totally in a jam now. Oh dear! Oh dear! It's terrible. I'd be better off dead, honestly….”

Deanna asked with a soothing voice, “What's going on?”

“I’m desperate,” Daisy cried, and she continued crying. “I don't know what to do. Please help me. He’s gone too far this time, he really hurt me. It's awful. It’s the end. I can't face it! I need you, now! Deanna. Please!!!”

Deanna held the phone inches from her ear to soften the blast of misery.

“He's done now. You must come. It's all over…. for good. And now he's gone.”

“Gone?”

“And he’s never coming back. Never! I'm finished. You've got no idea the mess I'm in!”

“Has he taken his things? What made him go?”

“Please come,” Daisy sniffed. “I’m by myself…. sob… sob…. I might do anything….”

Deanna could get no sense out of Daisy. It was ridiculous. Henri would not just walk out on everything. His greed forbade it. She sighed listening to Daisy’s hysterical sobbing, “Oh dear! What will I do now? What can I do?”

“You must come here. Hugh is on his way to get you. Don't do anything silly. I mean it. Just wait for Hugh. And calm down! For Heaven's sake, calm down, it will be all right.”

*

Janus drove in a daze toward the coast. He was unhappy with Deanna using him as her odd-job man… Daisy being such a pain…. Henri such a creep…. Several thoughts raced through his mind, none of them to do with Daisy and Henri. He kept a slow speed, happiest to be nowhere with so much to look forward to in the days ahead of him. He felt the suction of Destiny! His mind was a smile. A couple of blocks from Henri's beach house he parked Deanna's car and kept thinking about it. He searched the glove compartment and console for a joint. There was none. He lit a cigarette…

After a time he fished-out Candy's wrapper from his pocket and he called her number.

“Yeah, who is it?” her voice was lazy, almost sleepy, like she just rose from bed.

“Hey, Maria, it’s Hugh Janus here. How are you Maria? I was thinking I might drop round and see you tomorrow if you feel like it…. if that's okay.”

“Of course,” she said, brightening. “It's great to hear from you, Hugh, really good. I’m great.”

Janus said, “I bet you are!!!”

The kid laughed. Maria sounded younger than Candy, and he laughed with her, suddenly feeling relaxed, in how long he could not remember, not since long ago with Paris….

“I'm really surprised you rang.” Maria laughed self-consciously over the phone. “I didn't think I would hear from you.”

“Don’t be silly, why not?”

“Well, you know. You're a big-time star,” she laughed again. “And I'm just some chick working behind the bar.”

“Don't be silly. Do you think I'm like that?”

“Of course not…. I wouldn't have given you my number if I thought you were like that…. Until tomorrow then, hey…?”

“Sounds good,” his voice came deep from within him and Janus warmed to his own seductive tone as much as he did to Maria's.

Then he thrilled as he heard her voice deepen as she said, “I can't wait. Who knows what tomorrow may bring?”

“Who knows?”

Succulent words of promise…. Janus felt his face sparkle as Maria laughed like the Devil at the other end of the line. Then she hung up. Janus decided he should immediately drive over and knock on her door right then and take his chances. Who knows?

Indeed. Who knows? He only wanted to see her face. She would surely delight at the surprise. Or he might make a fool of himself…. perhaps to her, but not in his own eyes. He did not care. He was an expert at that. After all, it was his career.

He gently chewed his bottom lip possessed by the knowledge Deanna would have his scalp if he deserted his mission and took off chasing after Candy instead of picking up Daisy. At the same time he felt an overpowering conviction he should leave Daisy and Henri to their own stupid mess.

He was sure he was doing the wrong thing, but faced with two paths Janus left till tomorrow the path he most desired to follow.

Janus grumbled to himself on the way to Henri and Daisy's. He was confident he was getting involved in unnecessary stupidity. It was wrong he knew to go against his intuition. Despite his misgivings he drove the whole way, arm out the window, with a cheery smile on his face. Maria had to wait a day. But that was good. He enjoyed her company already as he drove along happily… with her laughter in his heart.

Close to the beach a car accelerated rapidly toward him. It flew past at high speed. Janus slowed and drew closer to the kerb to avoid a smash. It was the speed of the other vehicle that made Janus focus in time to see Marty's face looking crazy behind the driver's wheel. Janus listened for sirens but there were none. He guessed it had to do with Daisy. Nothing would surprise him to do with Daisy, Marty or Henri. Their business was none of his.  He heard himself singing an unrecognisable song, feeling silly, young inside and ready for anything when he got to the beach.

His hands spun the steering wheel easily, veering toward the house. The swish of rubber tyres on sandy bitumen felt part of the overarching natural beauty, sunshine blazing through the windscreen, the new-car smell of plastic dashboard baked in the heat ….. Let life throw at him what it liked, let it take from him what it wanted, he could not wait to get back onstage. He felt some of his old wildness again as he swung to a halt under the shade of a giant frangipani. He locked the car and slipped the keys in his pocket with Candy's wrapper, enjoying the breeze on his face in the sun.

Already Janus was on top of the world, prepared for what might come. He didn’t need more. He unconsciously scratched his bum as he strode up the steps thinking of seeing Maria next day. Maybe a good hit now to shake him up and mellow-out would cap off the great feeling. Daisy was sure to have something good. He sauntered up the path to Henri's palace of madness. When he saw Henri’s car in the drive, Janus wondered what was going on.  Maybe nothing was going on. Maybe Henri had returned.

That would explain Marty's hasty retreat if Marty was caught paying Daisy a visit when Henri showed up. Janus gave a wry chuckle. There was no sign of old Tom the gatekeeper or Henri’s usual two goons but that didn’t mean anything. Maybe the goons were in the house. Looking out to the wide blue sky and the huge water, Janus enjoyed the hushed rumble of waves and wind, screeching seagulls wheeling on the breeze, the surf crashing on rocks and sand and the rip sucking out to sea …. Then he wondered what he would say when he saw Henri.

When Janus rang the bell the door opened almost immediately. Daisy appeared smiling weirdly. Without eyebrows she always looked insane. Now her eyes were glazed like a zombie, she was smashed off her face. A delicate robe hung loose from her shoulders, covering not much, but Janus noticed only the red wipe across her forehead, more blood on her hands and forearms, and behind her the body of Henri squirming in the middle of the white carpet, like a beached whale with a knife handle protruding from his back like a short harpoon. She threw herself into his arms sobbing. He struggled with her through the doorway.

“Jesus, Daisy! What happened?”

He released himself, and steadied her off him. She threw her arms around him again. He kicked the door shut behind him as Daisy spoke.

“Thank God you’re here. He can’t stop us. We can be together now,” Daisy cried. “He tried to shoot me. It was self-defence.”

She clung to Janus. Her body, near naked and pleading, wrapped into him; he bowed toward her, her weight dragging him down by his neck as he tried to pull free. He hauled her arms from his neck with her screeching.

“The bastard dumped me from the Club, Hugh! What could I do? He said I was finished! You know I can't live without dancing. I had to do it, Hugh. I had to. Henri said he knew about you and me from the start. Marty told him. He said if I didn’t go quietly he was going to tell Deanna all about it and ruin us both. He said Marty could have me for a grand, a lousy thousand dollars. I could make more on the street in a day! They already agreed on the deal behind my back, the shits! Marty was here, but the gutless bastard double-crossed me and now he’s sneaked off with the gun….”

Janus untangled his neck again from her arms and prised her fingers loose, leaving bloodstains on his T-shirt. He looked about frantically. Whichever way he looked he saw nothing but Henri, sprawled on the red patch of white carpet rug.

“He told me to leave. He said I'm too old! All I'm good for is…. oh, the terrible things he said! He said My Dancing is a comedy act! What else could I do? Help me hide the body. Henri would know what to do….”

“Are you sure he's dead?” Janus whispered then he gasped… “He just moved…”

Daisy howled, “Where’s Deanna. Oh God! Why did he make me do it? He said I was getting too fat. What about him?”

Janus knelt over Henri and double-checked. He detected a faint sign of breath.

“Hey, he's still alive.”

“Who cares? I just couldn't let him dump me like that. It wasn't fair!!!”

“So you stabbed him?”

“Isn’t it fucking obvious? God you men are so stupid. He shouldn't have turned his back on me. I warned him. He said do it, if I had the guts…. Well!”

“Call an ambulance,” Janus barked frantically, squatting alongside Henri’s body. “He's still breathing. Call an ambulance…. For fuck sake, can you call an ambulance…?”

Janus tried to tilt Henri to his side but only the old guy's burly shoulder moved. Janus grasped the knife handle and found it stuck firm. More blood came out as he drew on it. He let go and Henri weakly groaned and gurgled.

“If Marty was half a man I wouldn’t have had to do it,” Daisy grumbled. “He’s to blame. It’s not the first time he’s chickened out at the last minute and let me down….”

Daisy’s voice screeched in Janus’s ear, his head throbbed, his backside itched, he rested Henri down, and inspecting the wound he patted Henri’s shoulder. Behind him Daisy seized a heavy glass vase from the sideboard.

“This isn’t good,” Janus muttered.

Daisy raised the vase high behind and over Janus’s head. In the jerking motion the lip of the vase clipped bone above Daisy’s eye socket ripping a chunk of skin deep and wide. The vase crashed to the floor, exploding in shatters. She stumbled, reaching out, and she landed with a crack on the parquet. Blood ran from her gashed face and mingled with Henri's. Their blood pooled. Together they soaked the rug and oozed across the floor.

“Jesus, Daisy,” Janus cried, scrambling to where she sprawled. “Are you trying to kill yourself?”

He scanned the room, Henri the blood, the knife, Daisy, Henri.

“This is crazy,” he gasped, his face was tortured.

“Tell me I’ll be all right, Hugh. For God’s sake, don’t be like him,” she bawled.

“Don’t be ridiculous. Of course, you’ll be fine. Let's call for help.”

“You can’t call anybody!” she cried, springing onto his back. “I won’t let you.”

She beat at him with little fists, screeching and bleeding on him as Janus fought her off.

“Calm down,” he growled, and he dragged her to a lounge seat.

He shoved her backward, the chair smacked behind her legs and she crashed back onto the cushions. There she coiled ready to spring and Janus growled at her.

“Stay there while I call an ambulance!”

“Tell them to drive slowly….” Daisy sneered. “Let the cruel cunt die.”

She uncoiled her body stealthily while Janus made the emergency call, with a glance over his shoulder as he did. He noticed Daisy moving in time for him to snatch at the tail of her loose robe. Flimsy material slipped through his fingers. She got away and he lunged after her. She made it into the bathroom, slamming the door before his shoulder smashed against it.

“For shit-sake…. Daisy!!! Don't fuck around!”

His nerves jangled the whole time. From behind the locked bathroom door came the sound of a one-woman riot where Daisy screamed hysterically and smashed things.

Then she calmed. Panting heavily she gazed with a quaint laugh at her reflection in the vanity mirror, before screeching and unleashing further fury. Janus gave up and dialled for help. Ignoring the calm voice at the Emergency Call Centre Janus shouted the address over the phone, giving his name and crying.

“Hurry, it's urgent! Hurry, I don’t think he’s dead! But… Hell! I've got to go – she’s going crazy….”

Janus slammed the phone down and rushed to the bathroom door, banging with his fist and wrenching the door handle with no effect.

“Calm down, Daisy. Please,” he screamed. “Open the door! Don’t be stupid.”

Daisy went silent, and refused to answer his pleas, or to unlock the door. He gave up and had a quick look at Henri again, and he patted Henri’s shoulder.

“Hang on big fella, I’ve called an ambulance. You’ll be okay.”

Janus looked about for a pillow. He snatched a cushion from a lounge and placed it gently under Henri's leaden head. There was no sign of breath. He dashed to grab the phone again. With frenzied fingers he prodded the buttons.

“Deanna!” Janus bellowed when she finally answered his call. “Daisy has stabbed Henri again. This time it’s serious. You better get here right away. And pronto! I'm freaking out here. She has gone crazy big-time….”

In the ensuite back at the house Deanna rose groggily from thick bath bubbles, with the phone to her ear, a smoke wedged between soggy fingers, suds of bubble bath dripped from her body, as she stepped on the curved edge of the tub.

“Huh? She did what? Is it serious? Can I talk to him?”

Deanna lifted her other foot, reaching toward the towel rail with her free hand. Stepping from the bath, her footing slid from under her and Janus heard her squeal in mid-air and the thump as she slammed down on the floor-tiles. Janus’s voice came over the phone in distorted garble. The phone lay in two pieces on sudsy tiles nearby. Blood trickled toward it. Janus heard her faint, distant moan in his ear.

“Deanna? Deanna… Are you there? What’s going on… can you hear me? Are you there, Baby?”

“O-o-o-o-oh-h-h-h-h-h!” Deanna moaned, lying twisted and wet.

Janus cried out “For fuck's-sake! What's going on?”

“Hoo-oo….” she garbled, shivering as she lost consciousness. “H-h-helme….”

Janus heard no more. He glared at Henri’s still body.

“Deanna! Deanna… Deanna! Can you hear me? Hold on, Honey… I’ll be right there.” Janus cried, “Stay cool, I’m coming.”

He immediately phoned the Emergency number again. He sputtered the fact there’d been a bad accident and gave his home address.

“Please calm down, Sir…. your name? Where are you?”

He shouted at the phone, “For fuck's sake, hurry, you bastards! Send an ambulance now!” And he hung up.

“Holy Hell!” he moaned. “Damn you Daisy….”

Janus dashed out into bright cold daylight. The door flung wide behind with a bang. Damp fresh sea air chilled his face.

He drove like a terrorised demon through a red light across six lanes of highway without a sideways glance, tyres screeched all round and horns blared. Janus ignored the motorised applause and roared through a stop sign where tyre screeches accompanied the crunch and tearing of metal around him. He clipped an oncoming taxi-cab and left it behind veering out of control sideways across the wrong side of the road into the path of an ambulance speeding the other way. The taxi-cab swerved off-road, smashing to a standstill through a fence.

The taxi-cab ran the ambulance off the road with it. The ambulance had come from out of nowhere with its lights flashing, it ended slammed against a pole. Janus darted his eyes from the wreckage in his rear view mirror to the round-about ahead. He swerved on two wheels and careered out of the round-about on the wrong side of the road, up streets and down streets crosstown, until he skidded to a halt in the middle of the road outside home….

His heartbeat raced against his breath. And leaving the motor running he rushed to the door, yelling for Deanna. The door was locked. A neighbour, hearing the wild screech of tyres looked out through curtains and blind slats, to see the famous madman dash back to the car to rip keys from the ignition. The neighbour noted smashed panels on the classy auto and steam streaming from under the bonnet, then the blood on Janus, as he fumbled with keys at the locked door, screaming his wife’s name.

The neighbour had an eerie feeling and remained peering through curtains, watching the house next door when the bloody man disappeared. The neighbour waited for the next exciting development. It seemed a serious domestic disturbance, one that required a witness to do something… so the neighbour rang a television station and having established that it would be worth money, he divulged the address of the celebrity disturbance.

Inside the silent hallway, Janus froze momentarily casting his eyes in all directions. Then he ran to the bathroom door. The weight of a body ploughed aside as Janus drove the door open. How pathetically she sprawled motionless face-down in a bloody pool.

“Deanna!” Janus partly raised her. She was limp. He felt no breathing. He tenderly caressed her battered, blood-soaked face as her head flopped loose in his arms.

“Baby…. Oh Baby!” he cried.

His mind fled, his lips kissed her brow where strands of hair stuck to the syrup leaking from her scalp. Useless despair exploded from him.

“Oh God No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o......!!!”

The vigilant neighbour heard the tortured shriek ripping from Janus’s throat. With eyes on the open front door of the nearby house the neighbour squinted intently, craning his neck to ensure he missed nothing. He picked up the phone and redialled the television station at the same time glancing round the street with curiosity.



Chapter 25


“When I was a kid our neighbourhood was so low-class 
Council garbage trucks did home deliveries,
And every week the cops would come round to collect the rent 
From the house across the road with a red light over the front door…”
- Hugh Janus.


Realising she had been abandoned by Janus after his frantic departure, Daisy unlocked herself from the bathroom. She was alone with Henri once more.

She glared at the bulky bleeding body. So, big man Henri thought he was leaving her, did he? Well he was going nowhere now. She did not know what Janus had to panic about, compared to the trouble she was in. She wondered what to do with Henri's body and she made a small effort to mop up blood with a towel. It seemed to only worsen the mess. She was covered in his filthy red stuff.  She thought she should take a bath, and she thought of making a dash for freedom in Henri's car, and she looked at him with a shudder, not wanting to go near enough to search his pockets for the keys, especially if he wasn’t really dead and he might grab her.

Even in death he could not be trusted.

“Well, you bastard. I hope you’re happy now,” Daisy muttered. “I warned you, Henri. Don’t turn your back on me. Now look at the mess you’ve got me in.”

When Henri made no sound, she laughed insanely, and said in a manly voice, “We'll talk about this later….”

She peeped through the curtain to the calm world outside the madness surrounding her. She fetched a bottle of his most expensive whiskey. She took a huge swig and gasped, wiping blood over her mouth from the back of her arm. She poured spirit over his body and flicked a lighted match at him, then again. Repeatedly the match extinguished. Daisy took another swig, and another, and staggering she chuckled, “So, I'm finished, am I? What about you, Daddy-o?”

Daisy punctuated her slurred nonsense with swigs of booze. Suddenly grandly satisfied, she declared, “If they can all desert me, so I will too.”

She flung the bottle against the wall and lurched toward the bathroom.

“Where did you put those razor blades?” she asked Henri brightly as she stepped around his bulk on her way.

She found a razorblade and returned to the living room with it. She sprinkled white powder on the glass coffee table, dripping blood as she did. With the blade she carelessly chopped and scraped together a pink lumpy line most of which quickly disappeared through an ornamental silver tube up into her nose. She lurched to the bathroom, smashing things on the way and turned on both taps, filling the room with steam. With blood and water everywhere her fingertips tested the temperature, adding more water to get it perfect, holding the blade like a guitar plectrum poised to pluck a string, planning her getaway, this time determined to get it right.

“My final da-a-ance, my final da-a-ance, my fi-nal da-a-a-a-ance,” she sang.



Chapter 26


“Government is Nature’s way of making sure 
rich people wipe their asses after they shit all over everybody.” - Hugh Janus.


Cops crowded round the covered corpse of Henri Kaye, their shadows fell over his impressive, still, silent and bloody carcass.

“Two down here…. plus the guy’s wife at the other place…. I wonder how many more.”

“We’ll be able to tell for sure if he made the two emergency calls, once they’ve checked the recordings.”

“It was him you can bet. Are you sure they've got him?” 

A paramedic came out of the bathroom shaking his head.

“Ten minutes too late. It's a pity the other crew didn't get here. They might have been here just in time, except for the disaster…”

“What happened?” a cop asked.

“Some idiot ran them off the road.”

“You wouldn’t read about it.”

“No sign of a goodbye note anywhere,” a detectives said, glancing round the crowd of grey-suits, blue-uniformed coppers, technicians in white, and ambulance attendants in green, all wearing rubber surgical gloves.

“You wouldn't expect so, not judging from the obvious struggle that went on.”

“Murder victims tend not to leave suicide notes.”

“The bastard must be a psycho…”

“Yeah, he had a pretty vicious go at her with that vase…. then finished the job in the bath…. and then maybe he celebrated here!”

The cops turned their heads from the shattered vase toward the bathroom door, and then to the coffee table where the bloodstained cocaine remains lay.

“If you ask me the mongrel cut her wrists to make it look like an accident,” said one of the detectives. “He made a decent mess of her…. she’s cut bad… all over the place…. probably while she struggled. He must have gone off big-time. We'll know soon enough if there are signs of rape….”

“Call them at the other house and tell them I’m coming,” said the head cop. “I can’t wait to hear what this bastard says.  What’s his name again?”

“They said his name is Hugh Janus. You know that psycho funny guy they're all talking about,” replied one of the uniformed cops. “He’s a 24-carot nut job from all reports.”

“Some funny guy…. Not Judge Janus’s kid by any chance?”

“That’s him. He’s married to the third victim, the woman at the other house. Not sure if she’ll make it. Pretty sure the husband made the calls, maybe in an effort to cover his tracks.”

An operational technician in white overalls dusting the front door for fingerprints paused to admire the wide water view from the balcony of Henri and Daisy’s love-nest overlooking the beach. Seagulls screeched overhead, swooping out of the sunshine, with their wings spread to ride the inevitable breeze.



Chapter 27


“…we were so poor I thought a white collar worker was a sewing-machinist 
in a shirt factory… 
And our mother made us throw rocks at the postman to keep the bills away…
And she taught us underpants were just people’s legs!”- Hugh Janus.


“Don’t leave me, Honey,” Janus whimpered, nuzzling his face into Deanna’s blood-stuck hair. “I promise I’ll do anything you want…. Come on Baby…”

He dragged a wet, red-stained towel and draped it over her for modesty. With each drop of blood dripping from her hair, reason bled from his mind.

“I'm so sorry I let you down,” he cried. “Damn Daisy. I should never have gone.”

And that’s how the paramedics found Janus, bloody as the tiles round him. He sat whimpering with the woman's wounded head cradled to his breast.

“I’m sorry, Darling. I’m so sorry…. I shouldn’t have phoned you… Why did I do it?”

The medics eased him aside and he sat beside the basin in a stupor, blood on his face, blood on his T-shirt, his jeans and his arms. The woman was still alive…. but only just. She had lost too much blood.

Janus sobbed covered in her blood while she was wheeled away, and then the cops came. Janus moaned as cops led him off in handcuffs. One of the medics told cops they found Janus crying and apologising to his wife for what he had done. Blood on the walls and the violent impact wound to the victim’s head made the cops suspicious. The cops asked Janus what happened, how did it start and why did he do it? They took samples of blood from his clothes and skin. Slumped in a daze Janus nodded numbly to every question till the cops realised they were getting nowhere.

“Did he say anything at all before we got here?” the lead detective asked the paramedics.

They said no, all but one; one said, “I heard him say, why did I do it?”

Hugh Janus was swallowed by events and dragged from back of a wagon at police headquarters, the suspect was herded to the basement cells. Fun and laughter, and carefree jollity were gone. Hugh Janus didn't look so funny or famous in the basement cell. Cops peered through the peephole and saw only a dejected degenerate, a shabby troublemaker, the no-good, shamed and broken-spirited villain Janus.

Janus said nothing. He acted insane. Maybe it was no act. He stared in silence, or mumbling to himself. As yet no charges were laid. Officially, Janus was assisting police with their enquiries. So far he said nothing to help them, or himself.  Janus hunched barefoot with the handcuffs and his belt gone, his jeans and T-shirt starched stiff with dried blood, on a raised concrete slab in the concrete bunker of a cell, not caring where he was or why, with the taste of Deanna's blood in his mouth.

Her voice rang in his ears, “Everything will sort itself out in the end.”

How could it now? There was nothing left to be sorted. He heard footsteps and voices that meant nothing. A heavy slap on the face stung but did not hurt. Lifted from the floor, he landed with a crunch against the wall, slumped on the concrete slab, clinging to his final vision of Deanna being lifted and carried away.

The slamming iron door echoed and in the stillness that followed he was alone, sobbing, suffocated by overbearing emotion. Poor Deanna, poor, naked, sad, soft and bloodied Deanna, lifeless…. one eye closed, the other peeping, almost winking in scornful silence…. fine golden hairs on her earlobe….  On his concrete slab Janus sat sobbing. How was he without her? He should never have called her. He should have been man enough to protect her, and he should never have gotten mixed up with Daisy and Henri’s squabble. His throat filled….

And what became of Daisy and Henri, he had no strength to care. His mouth wanted a cigarette. He felt a hand on his shoulder, that touch he knew better than his own. It was the hand of Deanna. Alone in the cold cell he froze at her touch with the sense if he moved at all, even his eyes to glance her way, she would be gone… then she spoke. The ruins of his heart crumbled into rubble as he heard Deanna’s voice clearly.

“I'm sorry, My Darling. It wasn't your fault. I should have been more careful. Tell Sylvester I love him….”

Janus trembled and with that Deanna was gone…. her touch, her voice, her impudence and all reason, all lost and gone with her last goodbye.

Deanna was gone. His stomach and lungs heaved, un-shovelling themselves of hope with each sob…. never again to feel her breath against his breast with the weight of her head close to him in her sleep, never again... The steel door opened and two burly bareheaded cops scraped into his cell. They reached out and each took an arm and lifted Janus bodily from where he sat. They bounced him against the doorway and dragged him down the corridor to wherever they wished to take him.

“Do you know anything about Henri Kaye, or Andre Lansky? And how about Helenka Savic?” the cops asked.

“You might know her as Daisy Cutter….”

Questions, questions, Janus nodded dumbly till he was dragged back to from whence he came. There they threw him on the floor. Dementedly he wept, oozing snot and saliva, a broken man. The taste of his insides clung to his tongue. If time went by he did not see it, there was nothing, just the dull echo in his hollow core, when the cell door crashed open, followed by the scrape and crunch of footsteps….. He was swamped by a vision of bloated faces with questions crushing down on him…. A cold wet towel rubbed at his face. He heard himself cry out; he did not understand what he said…. Then they were gone. Then they came again.

“You have a visitor.”

Words meant nothing. Confused, he raised his eyes to sadness. He saw a bald shrunken head with the face of an old man twisted and shrivelled with the look of inconsolable anger. The life of Janus flashed by, not before his eyes, more a visceral paroxysm, as with a wrench his wrecked soul flooded violently back inside him. He shrank around it, and it sucked him remorselessly into the black hole of himself. His stomach clenched, his throat closed with disbelief…. Large dark figures loomed in the background….

The small old man spoke vaguely from faraway with a voice strange and unbearably familiar. Flakes of dead scalp rested on the shrunken man’s coat hanging from bony shoulders. The eyes of the old man stared deep into Janus, coldly with disappointment and no sign of empathy.

The voice of Hugh Janus cried out, “W-w-what are you doing here, Father?”



Chapter 28


“My wife made me go to a fancy dress party one time.
I wore a pair of underpants on my head and went as an asshole.
What is the point of living if you can’t act like an idiot now and then? 
I’m so anti-social, even when I’m alone there’s too many people.”
-  Hugh Janus.


Public interest remained insatiable after the murder of Henri Kaye and his mistress Daisy Cutter. From the first breaking news, countless thousands watched the mystery unfold. Marty Marino, the security guard from Henri’s Club had plenty to tell anyone willing to pay. Reporters easily got Marty telling them what they wanted to hear, and they slipped him a few hundred bucks and supplied drinks to keep him talking. He mentioned names which may have been unwise. Marty was delighted to see his name and face in the newspaper and on TV. The best of what he told reporters may have been true for all he knew, the rest they made up themselves. The police also welcomed Marty’s help with hours of recorded interviews in which he disclosed unexpected information about Hugh Janus. Marty was excited to be so important; and even more so to give Janus his comeuppance at last! It was the happiest time of his life.

Headlines howled, DRUGS! SEX! MURDER!  SHOCK SHOW-BIZ SLAUGHTER!  BRIGHT LIGHTS - DEADLY JEALOUSIES!  BEACHSIDE BLOODBATH!

On television a witness imitated blood-curdling screams heard at one crime scene. The performance of the eyewitness was so vivid the witness required sedation. Meanwhile, the family of Hugh Janus refused to respond to media questions. The father, grim-faced Judge Anthony Janus stared unemotionally at cameras. Notorious for his unflinching courtroom devotion to harsh sentencing, Judge Janus asked only that the law be permitted to take its natural course.

*

Deanna Kaye amazed hospital staff with her sudden recovery. Lots of blood and dozens of stitches worked miracles. X-rays showed nothing broken. She regained consciousness like a child from sleep, and spoke to staff in a reasonable manner. They were surprised when she disappeared from her bed. She disconnected the drip as though she knew what she was doing. Apparently she wandered to the public phone. Someone saw her coming back. One of the orderlies was reprimanded for lending her coins to use the phone, but he had no idea of who she was, he just felt sorry for her he said, and he told her to forget repaying him.

Within an hour, a man from police headquarters came rushing to her bedside. The clatter of his leather shoes on shined vinyl made heads turn. He sweated like a pig as he dashed down the hall alone with his tie flying and coattails flapping. Without a word he flashed his ID. They said he was the top guy. He ordered the room be cleared of personnel and stayed with the patient Kaye for an hour and went away shaking his head, muttering, “For Jesus fucking Christ sake!”

Deanna sat with a cell-phone in bed when he was gone. The police guy must have left it with her. And she ran it hot, refusing to lie down, or surrender the phone. She was basically an uncooperative bitch, they said. And when they eavesdropped on her phone calls, they understood no better. One moment she broke into a foreign phrase, other times into gibberish. Then seemingly she discussed some recipe when she said, Pepper the garlic, make sure the pot is clean and roast the fucking joint! She concluded each call with the same words….

“Get it done, fuck you, or you’ll answer to me!”

Then with tight lips she eased back into her pillows.

When her personal doctor arrived, things began to make sense. He said the uncooperative woman was always like that. She was tough as an ox. She was a spoiled Jewish princess with enough money stashed away to sink a battleship... or maybe even buy one if she wanted.

Deanna flicked on the TV news early next day, propped up in bed over breakfast. Overnight Janus had been rushed from the holding cells. Commentators asked did the influence of Judge Anthony Janus have anything to do with it. Medical reasons were given. Information leaked by a legal representative revealed prisoner Janus was discovered unconscious in his cell. At first it was thought he had taken poison. Initial tests showed prisoner Janus in a critical state. Further tests were in progress under supervision of medical authorities. Officials refused to speculate as to the outcome of investigations, but they did not rule out the possibility of serious charges against the prisoner. A 24-hour guard was placed outside the hospital room in the high security wing where Janus lay alone semi-comatose under medication.

When Marty Marino crawled out of bed listening to the radio news, he was not happy. From the news it sounded Janus was getting preferential treatment, like the bastard was getting things easy again. Unable to sleep properly, haunted by the memory of the knife blade disappearing into Henri Kaye’s back, half-asleep, fresh out of bed in the middle of the day, Marty Marino heard banging on his front door. It was three plainclothes guys arrived without warning. Marty was eager for attention. They said they were new on the case and they asked him to accompany them and assist in their investigation. It would be an honour, Marty said.

Meanwhile, news reports updated the latest information regarding the Janus situation and the saga of the show biz slaughter. Hospital staff closely followed every development. An officer guarding the door to the hospital room where Janus lay had a habit of sneaking down the corridor, to chat up one of the nurses. The young cop exploited her interest in the Kaye murder case. The two could be heard laughing all over ward. She brushed her thigh against his groin.

“Oh I’m sorry,” cooed the nurse with a smile.

The cop knew she was lying; she wasn’t sorry at all, she was just too ladylike to admit it.

“That’s okay,” the cop smiled too.

Janus was oblivious to what occurred outside his room and everything else besides, except for dreams that drove him to toss and turn in a sedated haze.

Out in the corridor the young nurse seemed enchanted by the officer on guard. The nurse rested her hand on the cop’s arm in a warm and wanting way and looked into his eyes as he spoke to impress her with his inside knowledge. Surely she noticed his interest swelling.

The young cop recomposed himself as two men in orderly tunics wheeled a linen trolley down the hall. The cop wanted only to hear the nurse’s laughter and look only at the smile on her face. The linen trolley wheeled into Janus’s room.

At the sound again of squeaking wheels, when orderlies shoved the large linen trolley out of Janus’s room down the hall, the nurse drew her hand away from the policeman’s arm and she went back to her work. After that she showed no further interest in the young cop or his chat.

*

Of many dreams to disturb Janus, as he lay guarded in the hospital, in a peaceful lull Janus dreamed tape was stretched over his mouth, and tubes roughly disconnected from his body. He was raised and bundled heavily into some form of soft coffin and buried under dirt soft as cotton blankets. He sensed himself dead and in transit to Hell. He was possessed by a pleasant vibration and maybe his mind went blank, he was unsure, it was all the same. He listened curiously to voices, wheels turning, laughter, machinery whirring and other noises. Doors slammed. A strong motor purred. Then he felt a gust of cold and pain as thick tape was ripped from his lips.

He felt a pinprick and rocked to sleep in the bosom of Abraham, blinded by light, blood drained from his brain, he felt himself again lifted, this time not knowing if he was face up or face down, a child in strong hands, so light, so young. He felt himself sink into a deep cloudy softness, and buried over again. Never did he guess a grave could be so warm. He felt his lips smile as though of their own volition, he felt snakes bite him and the words of a song in his memory replayed over and over in a loop, slowly fading away…. when you got nothing…. when you got nothing….

Janus dreamed he opened his eyes and through a window he saw sunlight on clouds. He dreamed he heard Deanna’s voice. Then he knew he had died and had gone to Heaven. He was with her at last.



Chapter 29


“My darkest hour lasted 45 years… so far!!! 
I knew I was getting old when I looked in the mirror 
and saw my face had more wrinkles than I had on my cock.” - Hugh Janus.


After disappearing into the galaxy of dreams, Hugh Janus made a big splash in news headlines yet again. News reported the discovery of Janus’s empty bed in the guarded hospital ward. Then the prisoner was missing several hours. In live TV cross-overs from hospital, reporters marvelled at Janus’s ingenious get-away. The tone of reports changed, when searchers announced a body was found outside, behind a row of recycle-bins on a service road at the rear of the hospital.  Reports estimated the body dropped 30 metres, landing on the edge of an open dumpster and coming away in three pieces. The mess was identified from the plastic identity wrist-strap.

Newspaper headlines asked questions: Did he jump…. or did he fall? Was he helped? The sections of corpse were removed for further study and placed on a stainless steel trolley. The bloody mess behind the bins was cleaned away with mops, buckets, and hoses. Such prompt cleanliness outraged investigators.

The young police officer responsible for the original security lapse was to be severely counselled. Soon there was another problem. Within hours of their discovery, the remains of Janus could not be located. It was thought they may have been inadvertently incinerated by staff but hospital authorities did not see how this was possible. Police wondered had they been stolen. A hospital porter known to indulge in occult practices was subjected to lengthy questioning but he had an alibi. Looking for DNA evidence now was looking for a needle in a haystack cops said.

*

That same night when Hugh Janus went missing, Henri’s Club went up in flames. Cops searched for Marty Marino, hoping he might help with leads. Fire crews battled the blaze that lit up several city blocks brighter than daylight. The inferno took hours to wrestle under control. The charcoal remains of a corpse, probably male, were found among ashes in the ruin.

Dental records and an autopsy in due course showed the burnt corpse belonged to Martin Marino with several slugs embedded in the charred torso, and more slug fragments collected among sifted teeth.

When she heard of Marty’s death on TV, Mandy the ex-waitress rang Candy. She was glad she said. She loathed Marty always but especially since the night he attacked her in the staff toilet at the Club. Candy said she was still shocked by the mad turn of events, and Mandy couldn’t see why.

“What did you expect? They were all crazy. The old guy was the worst…”

“He wasn’t so bad, poor old Henri…”

“Not silly old Henri,” Mandy guffawed over the phone, “I’m talking about Janus that arrogant pig!”

*

Now along with three show biz deaths, the disappearance of the Janus remains was unable to be explained. If they were stolen the question was by whom, and why. Newspapers published photographs of Judge Anthony Janus attending the hospital to discuss the disappearance.

When escorted to the office of the hospital Security Chief, the door closed behind leaving the two men alone, they shook hands, and Judge Janus said gravely, “What about….”

Without finishing the question, Judge Janus raised his eyebrows and twirled a finger as though gently stirring the air.

“Don’t worry,” said the Security head with a faint smile. “She has taken care of everything….”

News reports of the disappearance were low-key until a caller on talk-back radio suggested the remains had gone into the hospital kitchen, and come out on plates and fed to patients. The hospital threatened to sue, and that fuss died too.

The Coroner’s eventual finding in the matter of Janus was not conclusive. Notwithstanding the absence of evidence other than the hospital identity tag, the formal finding deemed upon consideration of all plausibility, the irretrievable remains were those of Mr Hugh Janus and the cause of death was suicide, possibly in a state of delirium.

Words to that effect Judge Janus read as he leafed through the Coroner’s preliminary report. The old judge received a copy of the draft document hot off the photocopier before final editing. He sat with it at his desk in his private chamber. He paused over Fig. iii, the photograph of a plastic wristband noting Hugh Janus’s details. The Judge hastily flicked back in the findings until he reached the Pathology report. Nil. He stroked his head and scratched a few itchy flakes from his peeling scalp and he smiled as he red-pencilled a number of minor spelling errors in the Introduction and Conclusion.

*

Police released a statement, to declare, “We are doing a lot of work behind the scenes… and we believe by our actions we have prevented any further bloodshed. We are optimistic of making further progress in our investigations.” It described the Kaye-Cutter murders, and the disappearance of the suspect Janus, as a bizarre set of cases. They now involved the case of the additional murder of Marino at the arson scene. It raised for some commentators the possibility Hugh Janus was somehow innocent. Media experts theorised that Hugh Janus met his end by foul play. They posed the possibility that the real murderer of Kaye and Cutter, or the murderers, perhaps remained at large. It was suggested Janus may have known the identity of the real killer. On the other hand, tabloid opinion polls showed the majority of readers believed Janus guilty of all three murders. A popular glossy magazine featured Janus on the front page with a clairvoyant headline suggesting Janus had escaped from the hospital to commit the final murder, and then returned to the hospital to commit suicide. A carefully contrived illustrated timeline showed this to be possible. One radio talkback host commented tongue-in-cheek that more likely Janus rose from the dead to do the third murder. A flurry of listeners responded with talk of zombies and such.

On a serious level, the disappearance of the “Janus Remains” added to the tangle of uncertainty. Police declined to speculate but refused to rule out any possibilities.

Reporters were unable to obtain comment from the dead man’s wife. They did not get to see her. Deanna Kaye recovered from her injury, that’s all they learned. Rumour had it she almost died. Doctors refused to comment. Her personal doctor said only, she will never be the same. Lucky to not be in a wheelchair, she deserved privacy and peace.

Under police questioning she was unable to remember anything that happened to her after the bathroom accident, or anything else to shed light on the case. When Doctor Sylvester Malone visited her in hospital, Deanna stared at his face and asked, “Who is he? Get him out of here.”

Nobody should have been surprised. It was all too much for her. The ailing woman was rumoured to have fled to Manila in the wake of Janus’s disappearance, on her way to Europe and the USA for further treatment. Her doctor agreed something like that was not far from the truth. Eventually, the widow in her woe was simply gone. When newspapers noted her absence from the commemorative service for her slain uncle, no one cared. Her doctor told interviewers, what else did they expect, the poor woman suffered enough. Under medical advice she was trying to move on and forget.

Everyone felt sorry for her, especially Al Toogood. It was terrible…. Al read everything he saw in print and watched everything on TV related to the case. He guessed no one would ever know the full story….

One image, more than others, Al could not forget. That was the sight of Daisy Cutter, standing over him the time he crawled out from under a table in the backroom at the nightclub and he looked up to see the huge dagger in her hand. Al was grateful Janus was there that night, and maybe saved his life. It reminded him about Daisy stabbing Henri at a big party. Al had not attended the party. He was not important enough to be invited. But he heard about it afterward. Al thought of the guy in the big overcoat, mysteriously stabbed to death in the lane behind the Club…. and now old Henri getting murdered with a knife in his own house. He put two and two together and came up with Daisy time after time. Al smiled thinking of her face, so delicate and fragile with mad, sad, laughing eyes and her body so smooth and glowing with pink warmth, as silky as a snake, and her crazy cute magpie voice… as Al recalled the gunshot that interrupted his reading the night the weasel in the blue overcoat got killed. Al relived the shiver when he heard the muffled sound of Daisy going troppo at Marty in the back lane afterwards. These and many memories Al kept to himself. He thought no worse of Daisy for anything she might have done.

“Whatever happened, nobody does anything for no reason.”

As for Hugh Janus being guilty of murder, as many thought, Al wouldn’t have it.

He scoffed at the suggestion, “Janus wasn’t like that. He was easy-going, a total nervous wreck, except when he was zonked, which was most of the time luckily. He got funnier the more he was out of it. A real relaxed guy he was forever scratching his bum like a kid with worms, ha-ha…. one of the funniest bastards ever…”

Al recalled those days with nostalgia, and affection for the old gang. They visited him in his dreams. In conversation he was liable to reminisce, often with a chuckle, sometimes with sadness. The show was over. The memory of their faces was as clear as if they were there before him, faces he would never see again… kindly old Henri, and crazy Daisy…. and Janus’s sweet-and-sour wife…. and of course… nutcase, never-give-a-damn Janus himself. Whenever someone might ask about the comedy performances of Hugh Janus on stage, Al would laugh. 

“When Janus started raving about some damn thing, he would go on and on and on... fucking funny-as… He was always bullshitting about being poor and stuff… they almost had to drag him off the stage sometimes…. ”

But try hard as he may, Al could not remember any of Janus’s jokes.

Al was questioned about the case in interviews he had applying for jobs. After months he scored a short-term position as a packer in a warehouse. His co-workers interviewed him in the lunch room. Meal breaks were a press conference.

He always said his job at Henri’s Club was the best he ever had. The guys at work on his new job were eager to hear about the murder victims and the notorious comedian, but they were much more interested in the strip show and the bare-breasted waitresses. Al felt a twinge of unfairness to Daisy when he exaggerated the lewdness of the ‘strip show’ to reward the guy’s interest.

One or the other guy would ask if Al wanted a cup of tea, or half a sandwich, like he was a big shot. One gave him a tip on a horse that won. Even the foreman treated Al special, excluding him from crappy jobs. The foreman winked at Al when he berated the other workers. After six months work, the foreman said he would try to get Al permanency, but that he should not tell the other guys. On pay day when the foreman handed Al his wage packet, he slipped Al a DVD and he winked.

The foreman said, “This will change your life.”

He went on, “It’s more hardcore than anything you’ve ever seen. You won’t see this stuff anywhere. It’s the only copy in existence. I got it smuggled in from my brother-in-law overseas I told you about, the porn guy; his studio got burned down recently, some arson job. Everything he had is gone. He’s in some sort of trouble with some real heavies. He rang me and told me to get rid of this. But it’s too good to just chuck in the garbage. I can’t keep it at home. My missus will find it and chuck it out. If anyone asks where you got it, don’t mention my name.”

“Don’t be stupid,” Al laughed, and took the video, thanking the guy, and feeling grateful….

All this luck had come Al’s way thanks to Janus.

*

On the bus ride each evening, Al read the afternoon newspaper. From time to time there were references to the old murders and the nightclub arson. Occasionally there were articles about Hugh Janus, more of a celebrity after death than he was in life. As his regular bus passed through town, Al often paused to look up from whatever bullshit he was reading and stare out the window at the demolition site under bright lights, where the old nightclub had burned down, and he felt sorry for the old gang. The old nightclub placard dangled illegibly charred on the blackened wall of the ruins. Al felt sorry for Janus losing everything just as he hit the big-time he was so hungry for.

Al even felt a little sorry for mad Marty.

It didn’t matter much about Henri. The old guy had lived two lives, long past his use-by date. Most of all Al felt sorry for Daisy. His heart stayed soft for her long after she was gone, but life goes on. Al had his week’s wages in his pocket. He had a half-carton of long-necked bottles of ale in the fridge at home. In his bag was the video that would change his life. Al hurried home before he expected his son to be there. The kid told Al he had a date that night.

Instead of going to the local pub as he did every pay night, almost without exception for years, Al stayed home to watch the hot video. He showered and finished off a bottle of whiskey from nights ago, and he fetched two bottles of beer from the fridge and opened one of the long-necks, swigging from it as he turned on the plasma screen and slotted the video disc. He strode across the room to the lounge and loosened his belt and swigged beer. He pressed the play button and eased back with a sigh, waiting for the filmed filth to begin.

Words in hieroglyphics (Al could not tell Jewish from Egyptian) rolled down the screen, superimposed over rapid-cut flashes of women and men in every imaginable connection, with animals too of either gender in various species. And then a woman unrolled her stockings, and then she stripped naked as the camera viewed her from every angle. She smiled from the screen at Al, slowly and seductively slipping into a scanty swimsuit as brief as Daisy Cutter’s old get-up on stage at Henri’s Club. Flimsy G-string disappeared between the woman’s taut buttocks as the camera panned round her. Visible under a sheer triangle of tight, white silk the luxurious camel-toe shape of shaved flesh filled the screen….

The horny image made Al picture poor dead Daisy, what a waste of good womanhood…

Words appeared in corners of the screen and faded away, the model in the video strolled down a beach. The scene cut to the same woman on her knees vomiting over a man’s chest, with two inside her from behind, and another relieving himself upon her; and the scene cut back to the beach, where the same voluptuous woman then strolled, casually smiling over her shoulder at the camera, her child-like face seemed butter would not melt in her mouth. Then the vision cut back to the hard core action. The figures in the background of the beach scene had flashed by in less than two seconds… Al banged the beer down on the corner of the coffee table and froth spewed from the top of the bottle.

He sprang awkwardly to his feet and he seized the remote control and quickly backtracked to the beach scene, where he froze the video with the pause button. He was interested in the background he glimpsed momentarily behind the bikini-clad beauty. Two men in dark business suits stood on the sand by the water. In a blur as the camera scanned by, Al wondered did he recognise the face of one. But what caught Al’s eye deeper in the forefront of the two suits was the middle-aged woman in a one piece swimsuit seated on the sand with a cell phone to her ear. The suited men watched over her. A long-haired guy had emerged from the water to take the woman’s free hand...

“I’ll be damned….” Al moaned aloud.

He knew he was not drunk enough to be imagining things. Maybe he was dreaming again. He skipped the disc to and fro, till the shot centred on the woman on the sand in the background, with her arm reached up to take the hand of the long-haired guy with his guts hanging over baggy swim shorts. The picture remained frozen, in a moment Al moaned aloud again.

“I’ll be…. Don’t tell me!”

Stooped in a crouch toward the screen with the control wand held before him, Al thumbed the zoom-button on the shot, and again, till the grainy but clear close-up showed the woman in profile and the long-haired man in the swim shorts leaning toward her. The woman could have been Deanna Kaye easily, no one else. And the blurred face of the guy reaching down to take her hand, large as life on the screen, was remarkably similar to that of Hugh Janus, despite the long hair.

Al was baffled! He staggered backward, jolting the coffee table with his leg. The open long-neck toppled onto the floor and gurgled out a pool of froth onto the carpet. The house shook as the front door slammed open. Al heard his son’s voice and he turned to see his son’s face. Beside his son, Al saw a pretty young woman nearly as black as his son. With a deep breath her shallow bosom rose. She glanced at Al then with widened eyes on the plasma screen she opened her mouth.

“What are you doing here Dad?” his son gasped, lowering his gaze with a scowl. “Why aren’t you at the pub?”

Al said something. He did not know what, desperately trying to act normal, composing himself, as the young girl strode across the room with her eyes intent on the plasma screen. Al sweat with relief the video was frozen not on the previous hard core scenes. Al turned to stare as the girl leaned with her face close to the screen. A hieroglyphic tattoo on the back of her neck could not be missed, nor her shapely tail end as she bent at the waist.

“I think I know that guy!” she gasped. “Look at the gammon hairdo on him. It’s a wig. He used to be a big customer at a place I worked. Or he was!”

That would be right, Al thought, regarding her neat sweetness.

 “There’s that stupid tattoo on his arm,” the girl muttered, finger pointed onto the screen. “I can’t see it properly. I thought he was dead, if it’s him. That’s uncanny.”

“Don’t be stupid,” Al said. “It could be anyone. It’s an old movie.”

Like a man with something to hide he quickly hit the eject button. The plasma screen went blank blue. Al removed the disc and the girl looked at him questioningly.

“Come on, Honey” Al’s son said to the girl, then he asked Al, “Hey Dad, are you going to the pub or not?”

“Maybe later…” Al said.

“We might see you there.”

The young ones skulked away. The son glanced darkly over his shoulder as he disappeared. Al noticed the spilled bottle on the floor. He picked it up. Then taking the other he carried them with the video disc, through the kitchen and out into the backyard. Behind him the torn screen door slammed.

Moonlight gave jaundiced highlights to Al’s face, as he strained to break the DVD, suddenly with a savage crack the plastic disc snapped in his hands. The jagged edge nicked his flesh.

“Good luck to you, mate,” Al whispered.

He dropped the chunks of broken disc in the trash and he sat on his back step. It hurt to throw away the video, more than the cut on his hand. He licked the wound.

He drained the contents of the near-empty bottle and flung it into the long grass. He fished house keys from his pocket, and with the opener attached to the key ring he uncapped the other long-neck. And he sat on the step slowly drinking beer, absent-mindedly inspecting the bloody laceration to the fat of his palm. He licked more blood and stared wistfully to the moon in the sky above the rooftop of the flats beyond his back fence. Lights shone from windows where lives were going on. Many other windows curtained in blank darkness seemed at the moment to be vacant tables in the nightclub of life.

Al’s mind skated across the surface of everything. In the forefront of his thoughts were Janus and Janus’s wife. He wondered about them now, especially her, all those years she was the only one who had it over Henri, and then now, there she is on the beach in the DVD. Nothing surprised Al where Deanna Kaye was involved.

Al longed for the good old days before everything turned upside down and fell apart. Working in a place for 20 years you can’t help but to get to know people a little, then something happens, like a few murders, and it goes to show how little you really know. His head shook from time to time with a chuckle. Happy-go-lucky Janus was one heck of a guy alright. Al raised the long-neck again to his lips, his mind floating in nostalgia, undisturbed by sounds coming from the nearby window, the young voices grunting …ugh, …ugh, …ugh, …ugh, in time with the bedhead thumping rhythmically against the wall. And he thought of Daisy Cutter on her hands and knees in the backroom of the old nightclub and Janus going like the clappers… the whole time the charmed devil Janus got away with everything. The guy had more ass than a double-decker bus.

A peculiar grin crept across Al’s face in the moonlit darkness. It was an indecipherable half smile. The deep, weak smile of a man resigned to lost love, at the same time that of a man who thought he had just seen a ghost.

Grey-haired, comedy wise-guy Stiffy Wunda would have been pleased to seize that look from Al’s face, and make it his own on stage, if he saw it.



###



Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please leave a review at your favourite ebook retailer.

Thanks!
Bruce Hanna


About the author

I’m no writer. I actually don’t write. The stuff just comes out, like the insides of an insect clinging to the windscreen of a speeding vehicle.” – Bruce Hanna

After growing up among construction sites and factories of western Sydney, Australia, Bruce Hanna became a homeless outlaw, hunted by Federal, State and Army police due to his refusal to collaborate in the USA-led war against Vietnam. He was later granted amnesty under the Whitlam-Barnard Labor government. 

Hanna’s writing and cartoons appeared on fringes of the Australian press, including The Bulletin, Nation Review, The Australian, Sydney Morning Herald, Tribune and the underground tabloid Paper TV. They may also be found in obscure collections of his poetry, along with Suicide Circus, an illustrated homage to the self-devastation of the human race, along with his PsychoJunk recordings beginning with Mad Dog on Crazy Street (1999). 

Hanna’s first novel Fatal Moments (published by A&R in 1987) caused Peter Bowler in Canberra Times to remark on a “delicious thread of dry humour running through the high drama” and “the sheer outrageous fecundity of Hanna’s imaginativeness.” Hanna reveals the World in spurts of liquid insight, and outrage etched into his writing by acidic humour, as reflected in Sentimental Traveller (2020) a compassion-fuelled narrative of cross-century travels. Some years ago, his e-books (Babu, Comedy of Turmoil and Scrapheap of Dreams) with Sentimental Traveller were made available free of charge, for educational purposes.
	



Other books by Bruce Hanna

Fatal Moments (A&R 1987)
Babu (2017)
Scrapheap of Dreams (2017)
Sentimental Traveller (2020)



