

DEEP TIME

BY
W. SKY KING

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 Sky King
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57

Chapter 1
Pastiche sat on the curb of Main and Hill Street in an older neighborhood of ranches and capes. His big, scarred head rested on his knee. He knew what was going to happen. When he needed a part he was drawn to these scenes. He had tried to intervene numerous times. But when he offered warnings to the police, or even tried to stop the accident, it was as if he didn't exist. The autos destined for the accident just went on. The police didn't hear him or see him. He could certainly report someone for littering, but not for one of the deadly accidents he had been destined to witness since the advent of the auto. He preferred almost any other way: freezing, hunting accidents, even premeditated murder was easier to take than this. But accidents were plentiful and Pastiche tended to use up body parts quickly.
For the ten millionth time he cursed that son of a cow Myddrin for putting this spell on him, this Gias. Now, down the centuries, he was doomed to finding the champion and helping him slay the evil ones. They had won many times and had also lost. Once one of the evil ones (Was it his mother? He could no longer tell.) burned his head after dismembering him, thinking that would end the strange spell and leave the Champion lost in reincarnation. It didn't happen. He found himself torso-less in a city dump. He dimly recalled some creature of the Sihda carrying him to the city morgue and a new body. The memory made him shudder.
"Ambrosious, you old pig!" he shouted out loud as he heard a car screaming up the hill toward the intersection. And here came the other one: an elderly lady wearing a pillbox hat and driving a Lincoln.
Pastiche held himself in a ball. He had only one leg today and the stump had started bleeding again. The car sped up Hill Street. It was a Camaro, a restored beauty, red, with a flat-topped teenager at the wheel. It hit the Lincoln broadside with a screech of metal and breaks that forced Pastiche to scream in self-defense. The Camaro slammed the Lincoln into a telephone pole. The pole, with power lines still attached, fell across the Lincoln and came down hard on the roof of the Camaro, bursting flattop's skull like a rotten melon dropped from the second story.
Pastiche hopped over to the Lincoln, checked the elderly lady's pulse and felt for broken bones. Her collarbone was fractured by the seat belt in a model too old for an air bag. Pastiche decided she had fainted.
"Better get you out of here, old dear, before something worse happens," muttered Pastiche, eyeing the power lines.
The neighbors gathered. He didn't have much time. A thin woman with a dazed expression on her face saw him lay the old woman down on the grass, noticed his missing leg and screamed.
"Sorry," he said under his breath as he hopped over to the Camaro and opened the door.
A bloody hunk of wood took the place of the driver's head. Blood had splattered the inside of the car. Pastiche retched into the passenger compartment before taking out his small, fine-toothed hacksaw. He sawed off flattop's left leg just below the knee. Pastiche checked twice to make sure it was the right appendage, even reorienting himself so he didn't do any kind of crossover. Once, in the confusion of a train wreck, he had managed to put a right foot on his left ankle and had too deal with it like that for sixteen years. Pastiche claimed a birth defect, but always buying two pairs of shoes and throwing away all the left ones got to be a little strange after awhile.
As usual the job wasn't too bloody since the victim had no blood pressure. A bigger group of people started to gather. Pastiche heard sirens, so he quickly placed the lower leg below his knee and bandaged it with duct tape. He rolled down the pant leg, dropped the saw, wiped his hand on the upholstery, and pulled his body out of the car.
"Are you hurt?" asked a large man with a full mustache.
Pastiche waved and limped off toward his car. He could already feel the leg taking hold and sensed the limb's confusion. It cramped, for one thing. Limbs had a memory of sorts: something that damned enchanter hadn't mentioned. The leg tried to turn around. Pastiche kept it going in the right direction with grim commands. He made it to the car.
Thank God, I don't have a clutch, he thought, forcing his new leg into the driver's well. The car lurched down the hill.

Chapter 2
Officer Raymond Mercer took the call from the dispatcher. He was in the alley behind the Rite Aid sleeping in the driver's seat of the cruiser with his head down on his chest. His belly lay on the bottom of the steering wheel. His multiple chins stacked like deflated bladders except when a light snore brought his head up a bit. Then his chins worked like the folds of a small bellows. When the radio crackled he opened one bleary eye, licked his thick lips and cleared his throat. It was part of his call strategy when he'd been cooping. It made his voice sound less sleepy.
"Keep it brief," he told himself.
"Car three here," he said.
The town had a code protocol but never used it. The Chief liked plain English.
"Mercer, big accident up on the hill corner of Main and Hill. Get over there."
"Got it, Robert," he said and rubbed his eyes. "Fuckin' night shift," he mumbled. "Need an eye opener."
Mercer knew he couldn't get one now. He started the car and headed for the hill. At the top he spotted the downed power lines.
"Shit," he muttered. "Shit on shit!"
Mercer parked the patrol car across the partially open left lane and called for back up, including police auxiliaries and the power company. A young woman told him it was Ethel Carmichael's Lincoln and pointed. When Mercer came over the tough old lady was conscious, and in obvious pain. Three blankets kept her warm and still. No one dared move her, even on this chilly November night.
"Raymond," she said. "What happened?"
"You hit a telephone pole, Ma'am."
"It was that red car," she said. "Is he?"
Mercer looked up at the young woman and two of her friends. They shook their heads.
"Oh," said the old woman.
"I hear the ambulance coming, Ma'am," said Mercer.
Ethel Carmichael had been his first grade teacher. She had been everyone's first grade teacher. It was just another thing to lay at the door of the local teenagers.
Mercer went back to the patrol car to call in. He tried to see if that really was Jerry Mulligan in the Camaro without crossing the power lines. With his powerful spotlight he could see the pole where Jerry's head should have been. Mercer had just busted him for hitting sixty in a twenty-five mile an hour residential zone filled with children. Mercer didn't arrest the boy because he had lost his temper and thrown the chunky kid across the hood of the patrol car.
The little bastards never listen, he thought. Fuckin' little shit got what he deserved. He won't run down any kids now.
Mercer briskly directed oncoming traffic down Hill Street. The ambulance came. Mercer watched Jim Buell, the only four hundred pound EMT he ever heard of, and Leonard Drinkwater, the chief's nephew, a skinny boy with the posture of a question mark, unload a stretcher from the back of the ambulance.
"Fat and Skinny ran a race up and down the fuckin' pillow case," said Mercer under his breath as he beckoned a car down the side street. As the EMTs approached, Mercer hooked his thumb toward the Camaro.
"It's Jerry Mulligan. No God damn head. The power guys will be here soon. Don't cross the power lines. Old Mrs. Carmichael is on the lawn in front of the split ranch."
The men nodded and moved off toward Mrs. Carmichael.
A kid in a SUV stopped in front of Mercer and stuck his head out the window despite Mercer's attempts to direct him either right or left. It was the kid they called "XL" with purple hair and a pale face: a "biker" at the local half pipe.
He blanched when he recognized Mercer. Mercer smiled.
"Meat for the grinder," he said to himself until he remembered all the neighbors milling around.
"Turn around and get out of here!" yelled Mercer.
A girl in the back seat stuck her head out: blond hair, small nose, grave expression.
Jenny something, thought Mercer.
"Did Jerry make it, Officer Mercer?"
"No! Now turn this car around!"
The girl began crying as the SUV did a quick three-point turn. XL got out of there fast.
"Fuck you," said Mercer to the retreating vehicle.
But his heart wasn't in it. Once he had a daughter. She moved to Canada. Her mother wanted to be as far away from him as possible. He couldn't even remember what his ex-wife looked like most of the time. And the kid had been only two.
"Officer Mercer," said a deep voice. Mercer turned to meet the grim gaze of Noah Gerstein, a Jew. And worse than that for Mercer: As a transplanted flatlander and contractor he constructed suburbs all over town.
"Yes, sir," said Mercer with a bland expression.
"A man took Mrs. Carmichael out of the car and laid her on the lawn. He went into the other car and stayed in there for a while and then came out. He wore a hat. It was hard to see his face. He was in there a long time. I saw what he was doing." Gerstein's face crumpled up. "He sawed off that boy's leg."
For once Mercer couldn't even find a curse.
The unmarked cruiser pulled up next to the patrol car. A moment later, lights flashing, the other patrol car pulled up and Mercer signaled Officer Smithson to take over traffic control. Mercer's attention went to the young man behind the wheel of the blue Ford.
Oh, this should be good. Pussy boy. He's never been at one of these before, he thought.
The truck from the power company pulled up next to the unmarked. Mercer hid his smirk as Detective Don Warner opened the door and got out. Mercer watched through narrowed eyes as the slim young man in the WPD windbreaker and cap moved toward him. Dimly Mercer recalled a similar young man gone into dissipation and pain these many years and shifted his bulk uneasily.
"Fuckin' pussy boy son of a bitch," he muttered. "Look at this kid pretending to be a cop. Chief Drinkwater's little buddy. Little buddy is going to soil his pants this evening."
"Detective Warner," greeted Mercer in his most professional voice. "The area is secure. We have one on the way to the hospital and a fatality. I won't know how bad it is until the power company declares it safe. You may want to examine the body."
Don Warner locked eyes with Mercer. The older cop gazed back calmly. Mercer worried Don. When he was a teenager the man liked to make life hard for kids. Don knew about the drinking, the nickname Mercer had for him and the enmity between Mercer and the Chief. Why the Chief never fired Mercer was beyond his understanding. It was one of the few things Chief Belden Drinkwater wouldn't talk about to his protégé.
Don chewed the inside of his cheek and tried to think while taking in the milling neighbors, the downed power lines and the men in yellow hard hats inspecting the lines.
Mercer's up to something, he decided with a mental shrug. But I sure don't know what it is.
"We have witnesses?" asked Don.
"Yes, sir," said Mercer. "I will take statements after we view the body, Detective."
One of the men from the power company came over.
"It's safe now."
Mercer led Don toward the car. Out of the corner of his eye Don saw Noah Gerstein talking to one of the neighbors and he seemed to be crying. Don had only a moment to wonder about it before Mercer laid a hand on his arm.
"Check it out, Detective," he said.
Don stared for one moment, gulped convulsively, fell to his knees and vomited.
"Oh, yeah, I almost forgot, Detective," said Mercer. "Mister Gerstein said someone saved Mrs. Carmichael, the driver of the other car, then went in and sawed off Mulligan's leg and took it with him. I think you might have to confirm that, Detective."
Don nodded, wiped his mouth on the sleeve of his windbreaker and turned to look again. His stomach lurched at the sight of the raw stump.
"Get the statements," said Don, swallowing bile.
Mercer smiled. "Yes, Detective."
Don barely acknowledged Mercer. He needed to get cleaned up, talk to Noah Gerstein, then to the Chief.

Chapter 3
One week later
"Come here and look at this, Sarah!" yelled Boyd. Ellen stood high on the ladder inspecting the gutter that had overflowed in the last rainstorm. She put one knee on a rung and turned to look. Boyd was nowhere in sight. She squinted against the shallow brightness of a November morning and saw Sarah's profile at the edge of the maples by the overgrown pond. At twelve, her daughter stood tall and willowy. Sarah kept her nut-brown hair pulled back in a severe ponytail and had the deep brown eyes, straight nose, square chin, full lips and well-arched eyebrows of Daryl, her ex-husband. "Damn that man," thought Ellen. "Why do I have to think of him every time I look at her? She's a good girl."
Boyd was a different story and Ellen liked to dwell on the amazing differences between her two children. Boyd radiated vigor, sound and motion and never thought of consequences. Ellen recalled how he jumped off the garage with an umbrella and broke his leg. She appreciated how much mother and son looked alike from their thick black hair to their small, delicate features. But his face was thinner, skin fairer and his eyelashes were so long and thick Ellen envied them. Boyd inherited the unusual violet eyes from her mother's side of the family and the unruly behavior from his father's side, or so she liked to think. Ellen hung her head, scooped up some leaves from the gutter. Black muck soaked through her gardening glove. She hardly noticed. He still hardly speaks. The therapists said it would pass, but it's been two years, she thought. Ellen lifted her head and squinted further into the trees. She caught a glimpse of Boyd's arm. She stretched further back to spot the rest of him and the ladder slid along the gutter. Ellen grabbed the edge of the roof and pulled it back. I'm right here, she thought. Nothing bad can happen as long as I don't break my neck. Ellen scooped out more leaves and looked back at the old forest again. She tried to lift her spirits by recalling her delight at finding the old white farmhouse with the legend attached like another room. She had procured a list of historic houses for sale in the small town on the eastern end of the big lake. Ellen didn't go to see the land first. She went to the library to do research. The chief librarian, employed there for fifty years, delighted in telling her about the local houses and legends. Agnes, from an old New Hampshire family, became the youngest chief librarian in nineteen sixty-three. Agnes knew everyone and everyone knew her. Ellen remembered sitting with the tall, big-boned old woman, with her bifocals and plaited gray hair, at a table behind stacks of reference books. They drank her special herb tea.
Agnes's print dress seemed faded by too many washings. It didn't detract from her quick smile and calm, magnified blue eyes. Her voice creaked a bit. It didn't matter. The woman knew a lifetime of legends and Ellen felt like a little girl at the feet of her grandmother. It was the most comforted she'd felt since the divorce. About halfway through their conversation, Ellen asked Agnes why she was spending so much time helping her. The old woman's quick smile made Ellen laugh.
"You caught me. I actually have one property in mind. You might be perfect for it. The house is old, but has had some modifications over the years. The land belongs to the state and is the most precious land in the state."
Agnes stood up, using a big knuckled fist on the flat of the table to steady herself. Ellen knew enough to stay silent at this sign of age. Agnes took a deep breath, turned and went to the only locked glass cabinet in the library, took a key from a small pocket in her dress, opened the glass and took out a small leather bound book. She handed the book to Ellen.
"This book was put together by the Woman's Club in 1920," said Agnes. "It's our local folklore up to the time. It is a great treasure, truly. Now, we never let it out of the library, so let me just tell you the key legend of this town. It is the story of the Nine and the Hundred Acre Wood."
Agnes smiled at Ellen and Ellen smiled back into her big blue eyes. Warmth spread over her.
Is it from the tea or Agnes, or both? wondered Ellen. She shared the joy of a storyteller finding an audience. Agnes took a sip of tea and began.
"Ezra Snow was one of the founders of this town. There is a portrait of Ezra painted by an itinerant artist in the Libby Museum. He was a dour looking man dressed in gray homespun. The kind of man one might think disapproved of all kinds of behavior and might have been a puritan. Nothing could have been further from the truth, although for appearance sake he went to church and was instrumental in the building of the old Christian Academy on West Main Street. A certain faction in the population broke off from the Church at that time because they said Ezra's contribution was tainted by sin.
You see, Ezra, although a father of six on one of the biggest farms in the county, never cultivated his land or cleared the forest. He only grew enough food to feed his own family, but prospered above everyone else. Ezra was a smuggler of tea, liquor and guns. He was, at one time, wanted by the British and would have been hung had they been able to find him. That is why there is a Hundred Acre Wood. Ezra never farmed the young oak forest and needed a place to hide his goods, and, on occasion, himself.
"The reason Ezra never felt the hangman's noose, got kicked out of town or betrayed out of hand to the British, was the fact that he had nine secret partners. They too, were founders, town fathers and prosperous farmers. They too, smuggled and stole from the British and French. But, unlike Ezra, they protected their reputations. It is not known to this day who the Nine were exactly. Although, at one point, nine landowners disappeared forever. Portraits of nine local landowners, painted by the same traveling artist, hang in the museum. Maybe they were the partners. As you'd expect, they were grim old men in homespun. And like Ezra Snow, dour Yankees of hardscrabble farms. But not really. They plotted with the old smuggler in a clearing in the wood. They provided boatmen, boats, hiding places and sanctuaries. During the war they were considered great patriots: Patriots who lined their pockets.
"Ezra was their king. He planned everything, drew maps, hid and divided the swag, led black hooded men in raids against British store houses, and found buyers for everything. When the men squabbled, Ezra settled it. At one point, because of this, the nine became eight. No one knows what happened exactly. But a landowner never came home and no one dared search the wood. Sometime later, it is said that the remaining eight decided to depose their 'king' in a dispute over money. Ezra invited them into the forest for a parley. Ezra's men waited until they were all gathered, shot the remaining eight and buried them in the wood. The widows were taken care of and no one in the town dared challenge Ezra Snow.
"Shortly thereafter Ezra's bonded women told tales of cows with deformed calves, curdled milk, doors slamming in the middle of the night. A light moved from room to room in the old farmhouse: Master Ezra walking at night about the house, muttering curses and moaning. No one knew if he was awake or asleep, and no one wanted to find out. Right around then Ezra left on a trip. A tinker spotted him in the White Mountains headed toward the cabin of a known Wise Woman.
When Ezra returned he planted nine maple trees at the edge of the Hundred Acre Wood. At midnight, by the full moon, the Wise Woman performed a ritual around each tree. From that time the cows birthed normally, the milk tasted sweet and Ezra wandered no more. It was said that while the maples lived the nine could no longer enter the house and their souls stayed trapped in the forest, or in the maples. Only those descendants of Ezra Snow who entered the forest by their own free will could be harmed.
"These descendants believed the legends to the point where parts of the forest were excavated by hand at night in search of Ezra's money. A great-grandson was killed by a falling branch while engaged in this enterprise. Some in the town soon credited the tragedy to the restless spirits of Ezra's enemies.
"After the Civil War the generations of Ezra's family that owned, but no longer lived on the farm, seemed to forget about the wood until a great-great-great granddaughter discovered the house and wood, declared the wood a marvel and willed the old forest to the state of New Hampshire. That is why the house comes with only two acres."
Agnes smiled at Ellen. Ellen didn't want the story to end. Like a child she felt like begging for more. But the teacup held only dregs and an assistant librarian hovered nearby.
Oh, please, she thought, don't make me go out into the world again.
Ellen laughed at her own childishness, and Agnes laughed with her: conspirators in a secret joy.
Ellen stopped laughing suddenly. "Agnes, was your maiden name Snow by any chance?"
Agnes lowered her eyebrows in mock severity. But eyes magnified by bifocals can't hide mischief.
"Why, yes. I am the last of the line. I've been trying to find just the right person to live there. My family gave the forest to the state in nineteen-fifty-five after Father died."
"Why don't you live there?"
Agnes's smile lessened a little. "I have a perfectly comfortable condo on the lake. I can't afford the maintenance anymore, and my children don't want it."
"I thought you said you were the last of the line?"
"My children went off to cities. They visit, but have no interest in the woods, the legends or the old farmhouse. You have an interest and you have children. I knew the right person would come."
"You knew?"
The smile came back in full. "In a general sort of way, like a soreness in the bones when the weather is about to change, that kind of thing."
Ellen, the Ellen on the ladder that leaned on the house Ezra Snow once owned, stood still on a rung and daydreamed, savoring versions of this same legend leading back to fifth century Britain and Wales: The legend of the Nine Chieftains.
Ellen smiled to herself. Some of the excitement of finding such a wonderful place still lingered. Part of it was the relief of finally escaping Daryl and Boston. She remembered the floorboards creaking and the musty smells telling of its age. Best of all, even though it was not part of the original building, someone had installed a big picture window that let light into the dining room. Ellen knew she needed light and plenty of it. So did the kids.
The kids, Ellen thought, startling. They're in the woods and I'm off daydreaming.
She climbed one more rung and looked out over the tangle of bittersweet and young poplars growing in the swale of the overgrown pond. The sight of Boyd's red jersey helped her relax a little. The memory of her first walk in the forest came to her. It always came with a vividness unlike other memories, as if, somehow, it had been last night's dream: the sunny day fading into shafts of sunlight, huge trunks, shadows and dampness. A deep silence pervaded, quieting even the chattering of squirrels. She walked slowly in this cathedral until a rustling froze her. Ellen thought of bears or deer, but this became rhythmic, a stride, a person.
Ellen recalled how hollow her voice had sounded, as if she had spoken too loud in church.
"Hello?" said Ellen. The sound fell short in the dense air. The stride stopped. "Hello?" said Ellen again.
On the ladder her skin grew goosebumps. She looked at them above the wrist of her wet gloves and wondered at the power of this memory. And the rest: straining to hear more footsteps against the silence, breathing the damp air quietly, but hearing no further sounds. Ellen still could not understand how her legs alone had made the decision to run.
From her perch Ellen felt the clinging damp of the forest on her skin and shivered.
"I can't believe I just ran like that, panicked. City girl," she said out loud and repositioned herself on the ladder to look out past the wood again to the edge of the old pond. She saw a flash of red ribbon: Sarah's ponytail.
Ellen turned back to the gutter, pulled out the last of the muck, dropped that and her wet work gloves on the lawn and started down the ladder.
I really lost it that day, she thought, as she reached the ground. It was probably nothing.
But she had to concede that maybe the huge oaks and the nine maples guarded something after all: strangers in the woods. Ellen cast an anxious glance toward the trees.
"Hey, Mom! You've got to see this!" yelled Boyd.
Ellen put aside her uneasiness firmly and smiled at his excitement. She remembered the boy who used to jump for joy over a bag of jellybeans. She hoped that boy would return.
"Mom, get out here, please!" yelled Sarah.
Ellen left the ladder and moved toward the woods. The air held the scent of moldy leaves that clung to the last dregs of summer. The sky appeared pale blue and was edged with mountainous black clouds. The grass in the big rambling yard made a coarse hayfield from the last mowing. The old forest loomed. Its shadows covered the yard and Ellen rubbed her hands together to warm them. The few leaves that remained on the trees showed a faint yellow against the forest gloom. With snow the forest would lighten.
The nine maples lined the edge. Ellen often thought that the bigger trees protected them. She stopped just beyond the raised beds of the vegetable garden by the first of the old trees. The twilight began only yards away. This was as far as she had gone since that day.
Ellen came to the first of the Nine. A previous owner had removed its upper trunk at a height of twenty-five feet and cut off two of its biggest branches. The remaining twisted branch looked as big as a fat man's thigh and sprouted fat shoots like some gargantuan old man's ear hair.
Ellen peered down the line at the rest of the thick, twisted maples with their amputations, holes and dead branches. She wondered how the truncated trees went on year after year. She thought of gristly old war veterans who had seen many horrors but never gave up. The old men lost legs, arms, organs, and went blind and deaf, but each spring something sprouted and they said, "Here I am again."
Ellen thought of the legend.
Maybe they are the Nine. Vortigen's Nine Chieftains come to America. Or maybe the nine ghosts are waiting avidly for the trees to die. Such an overactive imagination I have, thought Ellen. Enjoy myths. Don't believe them. This is enough avoidance. These are just trees. I once scared a bear away in the woods and she scared me.
"Boyd, Sarah?" she called.
She couldn't see them. Her teeth clenched and she stopped.
"Over here, Mom," said her daughter.
Ellen put one foot in front of the other without a falter until she went right past the rotten old maples. The sudden damp made her nose itch.
"Come and see this, Mom," said Boyd.
Ellen stepped into the dusk of the huge trees and looked up. Pale light outlined bare branches.
"This is a wonderful place. Breathe deeply and walk slowly," she whispered to herself.
Ellen found the children at the edge of the old pond pulling bittersweet away from what looked like a misshapen stump.
"This is what you want me to see?" she asked.
Boyd and Sarah tore at the vines. They came away reluctantly. Suddenly Ellen saw the grimy face of an old man with a hooknose. Wrinkles fell from that nose like folds in a sheet. Fierce wooden eyes seemed to see her. Lips compressed as if in pain. A beard flowed down to his chest.
"Holy crap, Mom!" said Boyd and Ellen could only nod in agreement.
As more vines came away it showed the figure's flowing robe. Broad fingers with big knuckles held an empty scabbard across the body. The other hand seemed to be reaching toward it as if to draw a sword that wasn't there. Broad, bare feet stuck out of the hem of the robe. He wore no hat to contain carved hair that fell below his shoulders.
"It's a big wooden enchanter," said Ellen in surprise. "Like the ones they sell in the mall. The ones with crystal prisms."
"Just a hell of a lot bigger," said Boyd.
"Enchanter," said Sarah. "Nice word, Mom."
"It is, isn't it?" smiled Ellen. "Remember the story of Merlin and Arthur I told you as bedtime stories? Merlin was the enchanter. In some drawings this is just how he looked."
Boyd traced the top of the scabbard.
"The enchanted sword is missing," he said sotto voice and laughed.
Ellen noticed the dirt on Boyd's face, the leaves on his T-shirt, in his hair and a livid scratch on one cheek. She also noticed the fire of interest in his eyes. This was the curious boy she dearly loved.
"Don't go away," she prayed silently. "Stay with us."
Boyd pulled the rest of the vines away.
"Let's get it onto the lawn," said Ellen.
It took the three of them to pull it in front of the garden. It smelled of dark earth and the juice of broken vines but had no rot.
Ellen breathed a sigh of relief at being back out in the full, warm sunlight. She clapped her hands.
"Soap, rags, hose!"
The kids jumped to it. Boyd commanded the hose while Sarah and Ellen scrubbed the dirt off with dish soap. The enchanter was in remarkably good shape and measured five and a half feet. The wood grain flowed wide and blond. They discovered the amazing details: eyes that seemed alive with expression, fingernails, bushy carved eyebrows of thick individual hairs, the broad scabbard decorated with a small, snakelike dragon.
We've been living here for two years," said Ellen. "How come you kids haven't found this before?"
"You wouldn't let us go in the woods, Mom, and we thought it was an old stump," said Boyd with a shrug, but his eyes glowed brighter. So did Sarah's.
"Can we keep him, Mom?" asked Sarah.
My sad, abused baby, she thought and wanted to hold her close, protect her, as she hadn't been able to in the past. She held back. Her girl kept smiling. When was the last time? Ellen could not remember.
"Mom, can we?" asked Sarah again.
Ellen shook her head reluctantly.
"Oh, come on, Mom! It's great!" said Boyd.
Boyd had acquired a scratch on the other cheek and still didn't know it. Ellen's heart beat too fast.
Oh, please, let this be the beginning of his healing, she pleaded silently to some god somewhere. Let him smile more.
Ellen took in several deep breaths and concentrated on the statue.
How long had it taken for bittersweet to nearly cover it? she wondered and shook her head. Why isn't it rotted? It seemed an impossibly first rate work of art.
The kids waited.
"I guess we can keep it unless somebody claims it. I think I should report it to someone. It might be very valuable."
"Oh, Mom. It's on our land," said Boyd.
"Almost," said Ellen.

Chapter 4
"Hey, Warner!" yelled Robert the Third, Town Dispatcher. "Coffee is ready. Want some?"
Don Warner always thought it odd that Robert the Third yelled down the hall to him instead of using the perfectly good intercom. Robert the Third seemed a little crazy. He was handicapped, which probably entitled him to some degree of general lunacy. One of his arms had been withered by polio after taking the vaccine at the age of six. The odds of that happening were well over one in ten thousand. Detective Warner was glad to have missed winning that particular lottery.
"I'm coming!" he yelled.
Don smacked himself on the forehead lightly. "Now, why didn't I use the intercom?"
He stood up and moved down the hall. The station reminded him of the old parochial school in Concord he went to for four years, except this was darker and smelled of pine disinfectant. He passed the empty secretary's desk covered with old candy wrappers and an empty donut box. She even had a donut screen saver. Delia ate a dozen all by herself every single day. Everyone, from the Chief on down, had a talk with her, but Delia remained over-weight and impenetrably morose. She claimed six therapists in her past, many medications and diets. Nothing worked. Everyone gave up and the donut boxes mounted.
Don Warner shook his head and opened the door to the old storage closet that served as a break room. Robert the Third stood waiting.
"Robert," said Don Warner, taking his mug down from the shelf.
"How they hangin'?" asked Robert the Third.
"Hangin' about right," answered Don because he couldn't think of anything else to say.
Robert's pudgy face held only a slight beard and a bronze tan, in November. His eyes always bothered Don.
"Begging dog's eyes," thought Don and hoped this unkind observation would never slip out.
Robert wore his dyed black hair long and greasy. He claimed he used free weights, but had a noticeable potbelly and seemed soft all over, except that withered arm with the bony hand that he kept in his pocket. Often Don saw the hand moving as if Robert might be exercising it or maybe the hand had spasms he wished to hide. He wore blue like the officers, but couldn't be one because of the arm. Robert took to sewing patches in all the right places. They said NRA. Some were shooting awards. But he only managed to look like the janitor in an institution. The other officers nicknamed him "The Custodian." The name stuck, but no one said it to Robert's face, except Mercer, of course.
Don once asked Robert the Third why he was called the Third. He told Don that he came from a mixed Hispanic and Anglo marriage. All the boys were named after their father and given nicknames, like Pepito. But his mother found this all very confusing so numbered her three boys instead. Robert came last.
Robert took a sip of coffee as Don poured one, put the pot back and sidled toward the door.
"Some butthead in a Camry cut me off in my four by four on the way to work," said Robert as he stepped close to Don.
Don could see the big pores in the smaller man's face and catch a scent of coffee breathe and LA Looks hair jell. Don couldn't decide if Robert just tried to cut off the escape of his audience by this tactic or had no idea of personal space.
Robert leaned forward on the balls of his feet. Don noted a pimple just coming in on Robert's chin.
"I got right up on the bastard's bumper. Thought he was going to shit," said Robert. "I have those big balloon tires on now and could drive right over him. He pulled over and let me by. I thought the old guy was going to cry, man."
Don nodded and kept moving. The guns racked in Robert's four by four would scare anyone. Robert stalked forward and jutted his round chin.
"Did you see the episode last night? The LA cops took this guy down after a fifty-mile chase. He was so drunk he drove into a fence around a reservoir. Fuckin' dork, man."
"Missed that one," said Don as he opened the door. Robert was right at his elbow. "Got to go, Robert. Paperwork."
Something passed across the begging dog eyes that made Don uneasy. An uncontrollable urge to pat Robert on the head came over him. Instead, he almost jumped into the hallway, walked to his office and closed the door. Don hoped those were his last unofficial words with Robert the Third for this double late shift. It started at four p.m. and ended at six a.m.
He drew the shift every other week. The chief, Belden Drinkwater, and Don were the Detectives on this police force of eight: One juvenile officer, four patrol, a dispatcher and the detectives. That meant he fielded a lot of the paper work. Detective Warner had long ago decided that Chief Drinkwater and he might be the only sane people in the small brick station. Sometimes, though, he wasn't too sure about himself— especially after the episode at the accident. The nightmares still came even though the Chief had been surprisingly understanding and related his first accident: One human and one moose fatality. He'd thrown up, too, on his own uniform. Don was grateful for the story and tried not to mention Mercer: the sore spot between them. And Don had not mentioned that he felt sick every time he thought of the thing in the Camaro, had thrown up twice more and couldn't really eat.
Don sipped the coffee and put his head down on the desk. The image of the headless boy popped into his head. Dizziness made him nauseous. He was thankful that the station was quiet tonight: a Tuesday in early November. All the tourists were gone. No one was stealing bikes or falling down drunk and not many people were even on the road.
Don squeezed his eyes shut to banish the headless image, but couldn't, so gave up, opened his eyes and surveyed the office he shared with practically everyone. The Chief liked police photos. Individual and group photos of officers crowded the walls in between official notices.
It would be nice to have a window in this damn root cellar, thought Don for the thousandth time.
The dizziness subsided. He stared at nothing for a moment, feeling a momentary panic at the thought of the accident again, then managed to banish it by thinking of his last girlfriend. It had been two years without that kind of companionship and almost four without anything but self-inflicted sex.
Jillian was a red head with full lips and eyes like the clear winter sky. She lived in Haverhill Massachusetts and had married a stockbroker right after college. Don fell in love with her when she was a sophomore and he was a senior. It wasn't mutual. She was the untouchable woman and Don never said a damn thing to her about love for almost a year.
But he could speak of mundane things and they made good study partners in a criminal law course. They became friends and spent time together in one of the quad cafeterias where he ate his heart out. Jillian nibbled on French fries.
Jillian became an allergy: Don's throat clogged whenever he tried to speak to her about love. Once, while trying mightily to even give a hint, he choked on his own phlegm. It ruined the moment. On graduation day, in a heroic, last ditch effort, Don made so bold as to speak. He squeaked a little but didn't quite choke.
"I know," she said in perfect calm. "But all we'll ever be is friends and I value that."
She valued it enough to never speak to him again. His face still felt a little hot when he thought about it. He recalled the night he showed her his map of Lake Winnipesaukee and little Lakewood on the extreme eastern end.
"This is my home," he said.
"Nice," she said, but wasn't even looking.
He wanted her to acknowledge his dreams. He told her that small town life was good, or so it seemed after four years at Umass Boston. He wanted to put his law enforcement degree to work there, and be a good cop, not a stressed out basket case like some of the Boston cops, not like the pigs that treated him and his friends like criminals when he was in high school. His mother wanted him to come down to Florida where they had retired, but he just sent them the job confirmation letter from Chief Drinkwater. As usual, there was no word from Dad, and it was a done deal. He had the house in town all to himself, as long as he paid the taxes. Jill nodded. Don sighed. She couldn't have been more disinterested.
So Don followed his dream by himself. His consolations, as lonely at they were, came from a life on the lake in his canoe. Don found out that he was less lonely without her. He liked small town work. It wasn't as hard on you as in the big cities. He'd never had a murder, for instance, and was fine with that. And the townspeople remembered the boy Donny and told him things that maybe they wouldn't have told another cop.
But none of his local contacts could help him with this case. Don was pretty sure Noah Gerstein would wind up in therapy and he wasn't so sure about himself.
The whole thing is completely nuts, he thought. Three witnesses but no good description, except one person saying the man had one leg and another saying he had a limp. Not great.
Don reviewed his actions since then: sending the saw and samples of fabric to the state lab, APBs, but no luck. No one had escaped from the state prison in Concord or from state institutions or private ones.
What else is there to do? thought Don.
He drummed his fingers on the desk, looked at the photos on the wall.
"There must be something," he said.
None of the cops in the photos had a suggestion.

Chapter 5
That night Ellen dreamed of standing in the backyard under a full moon and a cold, black sky. The shadows from the maple branches twisted like the broken elbows of giants. She stared as faces formed in the trunks from natural twists in the bark. Ellen knew she was dreaming. Her breathing came shallowly. Legs tensed for flight. Enough, she thought. Wake up. She did not. Dour men opened empty gray eyes that sought her. The Nine, Ellen thought. I don't like this dream.
Mouths grew wide. "Help us." A faint chorus on a breeze. "Free us."
"I don't know how," she said, suddenly wanting to weep.
The eyes closed. A sigh on the breeze grew into the faint screams of an animal dying. Something fed on it alive. The pitch and volume rose as the animal reached its death throes. The sound drove Ellen back. She squeezed her eyes shut, covered her ears and opened her own mouth to scream. Before her voice joined in the sound stopped as if it had never happened. Ellen brought her hands down to her sides and blinked in the moonlight. The cold made her shiver. Her spine stiffened. Someone or something stood behind her. The predator? She thought of Daryl, Sarah's predator. Please, she thought. Don't let it be that dream. I want to wake up now.
Ellen turned and saw the statue standing in the garden where they'd left it. Moonlight bathed its features. The wooden lips moved and sound came out strong and guttural. She woke with a start in the gray of predawn with a word stuck in her head.
"Sihda," she whispered. The statue had said it. Ellen found it familiar. It isn't English, she thought. Gaelic? Ellen wrote it down on a pad next to the bed for later research. Maybe I've been thinking about myths too much, she decided and started wondering whom to call about their wooden visitor.
Sleep did not return. Ellen rose quietly and fixed herself a cup of coffee. She sat with the lights off at the dinning room table and stared out at the browning garden, the twisted old maples.
My old smufflers want to be free. That dream scared me, she thought, sighed and sipped the coffee. Her eyes came to the statue with a reluctance she wouldn't admit. It worried her for some reason she couldn't fathom, as if it held some harmful secret. The only secret is has is who sculpted it and how did it get into the woods? She decided.
Ellen watched the curved outline, warmed her hands with the cup and sipped more of the dark brew. Real worries gathered. There was Daryl and his overdue child support check and they needed to pump the septic. Boyd had been given detentions for some kind of argument with a much larger boy who said something mean to Sarah. He didn't seem to care. Everyone thought he was so quiet, but Ellen knew he was fiercely devoted to protecting Sarah. Boyd thought he should have protected her from Daryl. Oh, the damage that man had done. And poor Sarah, always trying to be the good girl. Ellen could see with painful clarity the line she walked between the love of her mother and the inexplicable behavior of her father. There could be no forgiving, just pain and bewilderment. Ellen knew that no matter how good Sarah was it was never quite good enough for Sarah.
"That will change," she vowed, as if wishing on the statue.
Slight movement near the garden distracted Ellen. They did have a neighborhood bear and she hoped he wouldn't trample the garden this time. But the figure of a man emerged, dressed in hiking attire, including a backpack and floppy hat. The predawn gray did not reveal his face, except the unusual size of his head. With an odd, halting walk, he moved to the statue, leaned in and seemed to examine the statue carefully. He pulled back suddenly, lifted his arm and slapped it across the face. Ellen reached for the phone and called the police.

Chapter 6
The mixture hardened too quickly and smelled like rotted leaves: a bad sign. Herbs are tricky, thought the thin old man and knew he had done much better on other occasions. He poured the mixture down the drain, washed the mortar and pestle and prepared to try again.
Then it hit him. He groaned, dropped the marble pestle and used counters and a side table to make it to the lounger.
No, he thought, not after all this time, all my work. I have done nothing, nothing. This is grossly unfair. I do not deserve this. I've worked hard, too hard!
A sudden fierce anger took the old man, but it was shallow, without energy and he sank back into the chair.
Over the years he had learned techniques for coping with long life. He used one now: breathing deeply, he told his body to relax and brought himself to the hynagogic state between waking and sleeping. Images rather than words flew by. He used his will to shape the images, draw from them to see deep into his physical being. He found it, the tumor, growing once again, in the same place.
"I need a new body," he thought wearily.
The old man let himself drift, gathering the energy to call the doctor. The phone rang. He didn't have to move much to answer it.
"Yes?"
The old man sat up, straightened, listened attentively, replied.
"Yes, the accident is just the kind of unusual thing I was talking about. Fifteen thousand," he said. "Oh yes, we'll talk again. You still owe twenty more."
He put the phone down and leaned forward.
Pastiche is out, he thought, after all these years. The crazy one. Now if the statue would just show up.
The old man stood, walked carefully to the sink and began to prepare a different set of herbs for a very different purpose. Already he could feel the energy coursing through his veins.

Chapter 7
Robert the Third yelled down the hall.
"Hey, Warner, an Ellen Lake called, said someone is in her backyard. Want I should send patrol?"
Don Warner knew Ellen slightly. Boyd and Sarah had taken his safe boating course through the town recreation office. Ellen Lake was so beautiful she took his breath away, and his voice. She was also way too old for him.
"We'll just be friends," he mumbled.
"I'll take it, dispatch!" he yelled, grabbed his keys and headed for the door.
Detective Warner didn't use the siren on the unmarked, made it the two miles to her house in short minutes and parked in the street. He knocked, the door opened quickly and he went in.
Ellen pointed to the window. It took Detective Warner's eyes a moment to adjust. He saw a blocky figure dressed for hiking and a shorter one. The shorter one didn't move.
"It's a statue," whispered Ellen.
But Detective Warner became confused when the blocky figure drew a long object from over his shoulder and raised it high over the shorter one.
"That's a sword!" said Detective Warner. The man with the sword turned toward the window.
"Police! Put down the weapon!" yelled the Detective to cover his mistake.
The figure sheathed the sword over his shoulder, turned and ran into the trees. Ellen and Don Warner blinked at each other.
"That did just happen?" asked Ellen.
"Stay here," said Don.
Warner retrieved his flashlight from the car and ran to the backyard, sent the beam to the statue, confirming that it was unharmed. Warner walked to the edge of the wood and stopped.
Too dark, the man's nuts, and Mercer is my backup. He's probably asleep or hassling teenagers somewhere. But maybe I should go after him anyway, thought Don.
Don took a step and then realized he didn't have his gun, hadn't even thought to take it from the glove compartment.
Tell me I didn't do that, he thought, lowering the flashlight. I'm supposed to be a cop.
Warner walked back to the house slowly with his head down. Ellen invited him back in and turned on all the lights. She showed him the phone on a small table with a white doily. The leaves from a six foot avocado plant in a big green pot almost hid it. A few leaves brushed his cheek. He spoke to dispatch while Ellen Lake made coffee. While Don told Robert to get out the search team, he watched Ellen through a small gap in between two oval shaped leaves.
When the short conversation ended, he stood, still holding the phone, and took in her delicate profile, admiring her pale complexion and black hair worn long and thick down her back. Her form came through baggy gardening clothes as trim and proportionate. He watched her move with silence and grace. She poured a cup of coffee and brought it to the table. Don saw it as a sensual dance. He noticed her slender fingers and long, clear nails against the white china cup decorated with a pink carnation.
The sudden loud pulse of the phone startled Don and seemed far too loud.
I've been staring at this woman from behind a bush, he thought and grew red in the face, tried to hang up the phone, missed the cradle, stepped forward and sucked a branch of the avocado into his nostrils. He blew the leaf up and away with a snort and hung up the phone. Ellen, waiting at the table, cocked her head and looked at him.
"A, ah, leaf got kind of across my nose," said Don, face reddening more.
"I guess that plant needs trimming," she said and smiled a little.
Don barely trusted himself to nod as Ellen invited him to sit at the big wooden table. Don sat across from her on the long bench. He recovered his calm by looking around the room: fresh roses in a glass vase in the middle of the table, no dust on the floor or dishes in the sink. Don breathed in the sweet scent of roses and wondered if Ellen had bought them for herself, then smiled a little, contrasting this to his parents' old house. He didn't even have living room furniture and dishes overflowed in his sink. He sipped his coffee and turned his attention to Ellen Lake. Her worried expression brought him back to the business at hand.
"This coffee is good," he said and took out his notebook and pen. Official he could do.
"So tell me, did this man limp?"
He didn't know he was going to ask that question.
"How did you guess? He ran away so fast, but he came in like he was dragging something."
Detective Warner shrugged, trying not to let his own surprise show.
It really isn't that amazing, he told himself. Two odd crimes in one of the quietest towns in the world in three days? How could they not be connected unless there's something in the air?
Ellen told him about finding the carving in the woods.
He made note of it as he drank his coffee, keeping his professional expression tightly in place. He even sat up straighter. It wouldn't do to show how attracted he was to this woman. She was a case now, a victim, maybe even a perpetrator. He looked up into her violet eyes and then away.
And so damned beautiful, came a thought.
He let it go. Ellen finished the story. Don put his notebook and pen in the pocket of his windbreaker and stood up. He gave Ellen his best level gaze, but ruined it a little when the muscle in the back of his right knee twitched, causing him to lurch slightly.
Ellen raised one eyebrow as she walked him to the door. She seemed a little puzzled, watching him.
"Lock the doors and windows," he said in his official voice. He sounded pretentious even to his own ears. He tried again. "I'll wait out front for the search team and I'll have a patrol drive by a few times today. I'm going to check and see if anybody has escaped from any nearby jails or rest homes. Maybe someone else has spotted this lunatic."
He didn't want to worry her by mentioning Mulligan's leg, or the fact that he had checked already.
"I will," she said. "Thank you."
Don could see she was troubled.
"Keep the kids in. Or better yet, go on a day trip."
Ellen seemed to want to say something to him, or so he thought. She thanked him again and said goodbye.

Ellen locked all the doors and windows, wishing she had asked Detective Warner to stay for breakfast.
I hope he knows what he's doing, she thought.
But Ellen found herself liking him, and, of course, that wouldn't do. He was far too young, for one thing.
She checked to see that the children were still asleep. Both of them could sleep through a fire engine, except for the nightmares that seemed to be fading. She knew she would have to tell them about this. Maybe this was the strider in the woods. In any case, their safety was gone and Ellen wondered where they could run to next.
She picked up the wall phone in the kitchen. It rang twelve times before a sleepy voice answered.
"Harmony?"
"Ellen? My God, is everything all right, darling?"
"No. I think Daryl has sent someone to harass us."
Ellen told the story to her lawyer and cousin.
"Good God. That doesn't sound like Daryl at all. That mean bastard would try to hurt you in person. But I'll check for you. I'll talk to his lawyer. I don't see how he could find out where you are. I don't even know."
"Thank you, Harmony. Sorry to have awakened you."
"Anytime. Just call more often. I miss you, friend."
"Thanks, Harmony. Got to go."
Ellen hung up and sighed. Harmony was the younger by five years and such a cynic about men, and so good at getting the best of them in a divorce.
The woman was always so much fun, thought Ellen, tapping a finger on the counter. This is another crime to lay at Daryl's door.
Tears filled Ellen's eyes and rolled down her cheeks. She pounded her fists on the Formica, rattling some dishes in the drainer. She wanted to clear the kitchen, break everything. Looking around, she spotted the plastic juice container. She grabbed it and threw it against the wall. It bounced off, swiped the flowers off the table, shattering the vase on the floor and scattering roses in a short flood of glass and water.
"Oh no," she said and slumped down on the counter.
"Two years and we're not over this yet. You son of a bitch!" she said out loud.
Ellen sighed, stood up and started to clean up the glass.
Sarah wandered out into the kitchen in her kitty pajamas and rubbed her eyes.
"I heard a noise, Mom. And who were you talking to?" asked Sarah.
"Harmony," said Ellen automatically from a crouch on the floor.
"You called her a son of a bitch?" asked Sarah.
"No, dear."
Sarah saw the mess on the floor and the plastic pitcher.
"Oh," she said.
Ellen stood up, went to her and held her. Her body would soon have a woman's shape. Ellen mourned for the legacy that woman would have to deal with.
"Something happened tonight," said Ellen as calmly as possible. She told Sarah all about it. Sarah listened without looking at her mother. Her face drained of color. Ellen knew what she was thinking.
"This probably does not have anything to do with your father. It's very unlikely. Now let's see if we can sleep some more. We have two hours before we have to get up for school. I'll rub your back.."
Sarah nodded. Ellen led her back to her bedroom.

Chapter 8
Sarah woke. Her dreams of the night faded into a jumble and then into forgetfulness. She remembered the roses strewn across the floor, her mother's hand on her back and the strange story of the intruder in the garden. A pain settled in her abdomen, traveled up along the muscles of her stomach and into her throat. It came every morning: something ripped forever. She couldn't breathe, struggled, brought air in and stared up at the white ceiling.
Why did daddy do it? she wondered. What did I do wrong?
The thought came even though the therapist told her nothing was her fault. It came even though her mother took the blame. It came even though her brother said that he should have protected her. It came even though she knew it was not her fault.
Sarah breathed deeply and felt the pain lessen. She sat up in bed, stood up, walked to the dresser, opened drawers, took out clothes and began to dress. As she did thoughts of school came. She remembered that first year in Lakewood when they walked the two miles to school together. They both wore plain green backpacks. Sarah always wore her hair pulled back, allowing no stray strands to escape. Her unfashionable clothes in muted colors with no jewelry and black sneakers never varied. Boyd never varied from wearing T-shirts, jeans, vans. He never used jell or showed any interest in the fashion of the moment. His battered skateboard always hung from his backpack if he wasn't on it. In the sea of jargon yelling, constantly moving, laughing screaming, colorfully dressed students, it seemed to Sarah they sailed like untouchable dark ships, reached their goal, docked for awhile and then returned through the sea to the little farm at the edge of the ancient wood.
Sarah looked out the window at the bare trees and dead grass. The wind pushed branches and hit the side of the house as she brushed her hair.
This is about the time we started taking the bus last year, she thought, and the name Jared came to mind.
Sarah remembered Boyd telling her to stop chewing her lip as they walked to the bus stop. Sarah didn't. Late November winds blew the last of the leaves from the trees, causing the children at the bus stop, dressed for cool rather than for weather, to jump and blow until the bus came. Once on the crowded bus Sarah and Boyd took seats in front of Jared Rollins, known as the Joker by his sixth grade class.
If I'd only known, thought Sarah, as she pulled on her blouse.
Sarah recalled a small boy, with a pudgy face, short arms and legs. He wore his blond hair over-gelled and blue with spiky ends. A skull bracelet dangled from his wrist and a death's head T-shirt matched it. Sarah knew somehow that she had been spotted. She stayed still as a chill ran up her spine. Jared saw Sarah's premature breast growth for the first time on that day. Later on Sarah found he made comments to all the girls and most had learned to treat him like some kind of bothersome insect. A few had rearranged his nose with very unlady like punches. Jared tended to break into a sweat whenever he had to sit near one of the punchers.
Sarah sensed the boy moving closer to her and glanced back. Jared licked his pudgy lips. Boyd didn't move, but Sarah could tell by the way his head turned slightly that he knew something was going on. It was unusual for any of the other kids to pay attention to them. Jared had seen Sarah before but not up close. Jared didn't sense, as did most of the other children, some lack of connection to the general kid population, the odd autonomy Boyd and Sarah had, as if they didn't need to be with anyone but each other. Some of the kids dismissed them as stuck up, others thought they were interesting but shied at approaching them, while most just didn't consider them at all.
Jared generally sensed nothing about others, except as an opportunity to draw attention to himself. Jared nudged the boy next to him and leaned forward.
"Hey, show us your tits!" he said. "You're the only one on the bus who has any!"
Jared sat back and waited for laughter from his seatmate. The boy studiously ignored him. A stab of fear came over Jared as a chorus of female boos filled his ears. He cringed behind the seat as one of the punchers, an overweight girl six inches taller than Jared, glared at him through slitted eyes. Jared tried to stay small for the rest of the bus ride, wishing he hadn't yelled. He never gave a thought to Sarah and Boyd's complete silence. When the bus emptied the children headed for the fenced-in playground. The chain link fence stood six feet high. It kept the kids out of the neighbors' backyards.
Boyd started to follow Jared. Sarah held his arm. She remembered how her hand slipped off the fabric. Boyd didn't even look back at her and just kept walking until she let go. Sarah sighed, adjusted her skirt and bit her lip. Her worries about Boyd started on that day. No one quite saw what happened next, or so the children told the Assistant Principal, Mrs. Finch. One girl, Nassy Parker, said she heard the sound the chain link makes when someone bounces off it, then saw Jared on the other side of it with a red mark around his eye.
"His mouth was open like a fish gasping for air," she told the kids in the caf with some satisfaction. "But I didn't see who did it."
Sarah sat near Nassy with Boyd. He remained silent as the incident was rehashed for all to hear. Mrs. Finch never heard about the comment on the bus and Boyd's name never came into it. Jared's black eyes gave mute testimony to a punch no one claimed to see, and how did Jared get on the other side of a six-foot fence? The Principal went so far as to go out and check for an invisible slit. He found nothing. Only Sarah saw Boyd punch Jared into the fence, hoist him up and throw him over. Where Boyd found the strength Sarah didn't know. She only knew that Boyd didn't seem to know who she was for a while when she approached him afterwards. His violet eyes seemed dark and glazed. After almost thirty seconds, Sara saw them recognize her even though he didn't relax.
"Boyd, it doesn't matter. He's just a jerk."
Boyd blinked rapidly. Sarah saw the pain cross her brother's features.
"It does matter," he said. "No one will ever touch you again."
Sarah looked down at the grass and closed her eyes tight. Tears squeezed out and Boyd watched them fall. He reached in his pocket, pulled out a wad of tissue and offered it to her. She took it, wiped her tears and gave it back. Boyd shoved it in the pocket of his jeans. The buzzer called.
"You'll be okay," said Boyd. "We'll be okay."
Sarah wanted to believe him, but that year she had been bothered by other boys in the hallways, especially Rafe. Sarah didn't know why or how he picked her out, like all the bullies did. Sarah let out a long sigh.
I have to figure it out without Boyd, she thought. "I won't be afraid anymore. Boyd will never know. I'll make Rafe stop, somehow." Sarah never wanted to see that blank look in Boyd's eyes again.
Sarah came back from the memory seeing into her own eyes in the mirror. She blinked, tried to let it all go, finished brushing her hair and went into the bathroom. The bathroom mirror held her eyes too. Her face in the mirror seemed too old for thirteen. She stretched a scrunchy onto her fingers, pulled her hair back as hard as she could stand and pulled the ponytail through the band.
"Please, God," she said out loud, "don't let this man in the garden have anything to do with our father. Please. And don't let Boyd find out about Rafe. Rafe's huge."

Chapter 9
"Mrs. Lake?"
Ellen stood with her hands on the desk, leaning over it wearily. She had just dismissed her last class. Two of the sixth grade girls had been perceptive enough to ask if she was okay. She most assuredly wasn't. The Police had found only the footprints of someone with a long running stride. Detective Warner himself had walked the whole wood to the road that bordered the lake. The paved road left no marks. In her heart, Ellen knew the nut would be back.
Ellen's hands turned cold. She fought an urge to run home, pack up the kids and leave town.
It was just like the scene with Daryl, she thought, suddenly angry with herself. No more running. Yeah, right. If this is Daryl it is going to be running. But if it isn't?
"Mrs. Lake?"
She turned and slowly focused on a small, elegantly dressed and narrow faced old man with close-cropped hair. He held a slight smile.
"Yes?" she answered, hoping this wasn't a complaint from a grandparent.
"I am William Baudemagus, a collector of antiques. I understand that you have found a statue - a wood carving at the edge of the old forest. I would like to see it."
Ellen looked more closely at the old man. She noticed his big graceful hands and skinny body. The distance between his small, round chin to his mouth seemed unusually short. Maybe it was because his lips were thin and colorless and his nose long and aquiline. A slightly indented bridge in between pale eyebrows, under a high forehead, led to what the kids called spiked hair, but Ellen knew in this man's generation it was called a butch. She remembered that the men used to use some kind of roll-on to get it to stand up straight. From the looks of his sagging neck and the lines around his eyes, Ellen guessed his age at about seventy-five.
Then she noticed his paleness and the small blotches of red at the cheeks, as if in fever. His eyes watched her with seeming good humor, although Ellen thought she had never seen such dark pupils, and decided they might be over-dilated from some sort of medication. It would explain the high cheek color. She took in his expensive gray suit, blue silk bow tie and shoes.
Those Italian shoes cost more than my car payment, she decided.
He reminded her of someone she had once met, or perhaps she had seen him before. Then she got it: a tinge of Prince Charles in that patrician nose, small stature and a pampered, inbred look.
"How did you hear about this? It's only been a few days."
His smile widened. His teeth gleamed surprisingly big and yellow, one eyetooth set with gold. She remembered her grandfather's gold teeth. Once it had been popular. Grandpa died at ninety-four, almost a decade ago. That meant Baudemagus might be older than that. Impossible. His eyes crinkled in amusement.
"Police reports are public. I have contacts in many police departments. They find many interesting things, you know."
"Interesting," repeated Ellen.
Could I sell the statue? she thought and tapped her chin with a forefinger. Would that get rid of this problem? Could it be that simple? Was Harmony right? Maybe this is a way out.
"Do you have an interest in purchasing it, Mister Baudemagus?"
"Call me William, please, dear lady. And yes, I might, if it is of value. I'd have to see it to determine so, however. It might, in fact, be quite valuable. And there is a story that goes along with it."
"And that is?" prompted Ellen.
"It's a rather long story Mrs. Lake. May we make an appointment? I'll tell you then."
"How about now, Mister, I mean William?"
His smile widened.
"Excellent. Now is perfect. Half an hour then? I know the house."
"Okay. I have to get my children," said Ellen.
With a little smile and wave, William Baudemagus walked off jauntily down the hall. For a moment Ellen was entertained by his vitality and a small flicker of hope kindled to life. Before the enchanter had shown up everything had kept getting better. It was one big bad luck charm.
I'll sell it to him today, she decided, and went down the hall to collect Boyd and Sarah.

Chapter 10
Ellen told the kids on the way home.
"But we found him," said Sarah. "And we don't want to give him up."
"Will he give us a lot of money?" asked Boyd, glancing at Sarah sideways.
"Boyoyd," she whined.
"It's just an old statue, Sarah. Think of all the great stuff we could get. Some of it is our money, right Mom?"
"If we do sell it, of course."
"No," said Sarah. "We shouldn't sell it. It's ours. It's......"
Ellen looked across the seat at Sarah. A frown of concentration brought color to her cheeks and pulled her whole face down. For once, Ellen wanted to laugh at her fierce expression, but didn't. It wasn't like her to be inarticulate when she wanted something.
"It's what?" asked Ellen.
"I don't know," said Sarah. "Something."
Boyd pounced. "Something. I'm sorry mister antique dealer we can't take a million dollars for this statue because my sister says it's a "something."
"Shut up," said Sarah and she began to cry.
Boyd eyes widened in surprise. He raised his eyebrows at his mother. Ellen shook her head in silence and patted Sarah's hand on the seat.
"After that man came here the other night I'm not inclined to keep that thing in the yard. Safety issues have to be decided by me."
She wasn't going to mention Daryl again until she was sure either way.
*
Baudemagus drove up in a vintage Mercedes and parked behind their minivan. Ellen served tea. It just seemed right. She even found the Earl Gray. She served it in her china tea set, which the old man admired. Boyd and Sarah seemed bemused by the funny little man in the bow tie with the gold tooth who looked so closely at the statue. He even examined its toes with a small magnifying glass. Ellen had to warn them with a glance. The elderly gentleman might be offended if he thought he was being laughed at.
Once tea was served the kids quieted into watching the way he drained his cup in such small sips. Ellen smiled in relief when the old man smiled at them from across the dining room table as he put down his cup. He knew about kids, apparently.
"Let me tell you a story," he said.
"Please," said Sarah.
"Is it the story of the statue?" asked Boyd.
"Why, yes it is," said Mister Baudemagus.
Ellen came closer, standing behind Boyd. She noticed the scent of some mild cologne that smelled faintly of old newspapers. It wasn't unpleasant and she hoped he had not paid a great amount for the honor.
Sarah watched the silk bowtie in fascination. Ellen wondered what she saw there. Boyd stayed still for a change and seemed to be looking into the old man's eyes.
"Once upon a time," said Baudemagus and winked. "Well, not really, since the story is true. There was a boy who read a story about a great warrior king. The king's name meant, 'Iron Mace.' This king was feared by his enemies for his armed prowess and loved by his people for his gentle disposition and fair judgment. He was crowned a king when only a boy of fifteen after his father was poisoned. He united a great land and brought all the most famous wise men, warriors and beautiful noble ladies to his castle. He even defeated and killed a Roman Emperor.
All sung his praises. Well, almost all. His wife, the most beautiful woman of the age, betrayed him. His nephew tried to take his throne. A great battle ensued and the traitor was slain by the king's own hand, but the king was wounded beyond help. And his reign ended.
The King was buried in a secret place with some of his favorite weapons. He was placed under his shield called Prydwen emblazoned with the image of the Blessed Virgin. His spear called Ron-cymminiad was placed by his side. His dagger Carnwenneand was set upon his chest. But his mighty sword Caliburn was returned to whence it came and the scabbard had been stolen by treachery. And lastly, placed upon his head, was his helm crowned with the figure of a dragon. At the end, the story was told of how the King would come again when the world was in need.
"The boy read this book over and over again. He believed in the warrior king and dreamed of his return. You see, he was an unhappy child with a father everyone was afraid of and a mother who was known to drink. So he made Arthur his true father, and at fifteen, the same age as Arthur when he was crowned king, this boy began his life's work, part of which is in your garden. His parents thought this was a worthless hobby and tried to stop him, but all that did was drive him into what became a solitary life. Even so, it might have meant very little. But the boy found that he had a great gift for woodcarving. In the next three years he made a replica of the castle, the King, his Queen and all the knights and ladies. It was small and more detailed than any untrained boy should have been able to do. He played endlessly with the figures until one day he came home and the figures were gone. His father had sold them. This was the boy's first nervous breakdown.
"When he returned from the hospital things were different. His father had died and his mother was in an institution. The boy was no longer a boy, but a man with a dream, or so I thought.
"You see, we came to know each other. His name was Ronald Pastiche. He was extremely talented and obsessed with perfection. He often carved or sculpted and then would destroy it because of its flaws. This wasn't so bad because people just thought he had standards, and some of his work began to appear in this community and others."
"How long ago was this?" interrupted Boyd.
"Ronald was fifteen when I was first going into business. Roughly sixty years ago. I found out about him, and to my shame, I am the one who bought his replica. I have it still. I offered to give it back to him but he wouldn't take it. I'm afraid he was beyond reach by then. He took his inheritance, leased this farm and built a studio. He planned to sculpt whatever people wanted for a living, and to build, from these woods, a full sized replica of the great castle and knights his father had stolen."
"Excuse me," said Ellen. "But wasn't the land given to the state before Ronald Pastiche leased the farmhouse? Did he think the Snows would sell him the house and the land?"
"Yes, Ronald thought it was his destiny to own it all. He was not a good business man and seldom took anyone's advice."
Ellen nodded.
"There is no trace of the studio now," continued Baudemagus. "It burned down. He may have burned it down when the state and the family refused his offers." The old man steepled his fingers and regarded his audience over them. " So, as you've probably already guessed, Ronald was a very odd man. He had a scar from his forehead down his left cheek. No one ever treated the wound and we began to suspect he'd done it to himself, after he knew the state would not give up the land. Probably today his mental illness would have been treated, but, in those days, he was considered eccentric.
"Just before the place burned down, a group of us realized that Ronald had not put in an appearance for months. He was a solitary figure, so this was not that unusual. Not even the grocer had seen him. So a group of his admirers including myself (he was too odd to have any real friends) visited his studio and found total wreckage. He had defaced or chopped to bits everything he had been working on. Some of the sculptures were marvelous and I am sad even now to think of how he slashed them.
"At first we thought it might be vandals, but he had written things on the walls, demented things about how the evil ones must die. It wasn't long before Ronald was sighted hacking two of his public carvings apart with an antique ceremonial sword I had given him. One of them was a war memorial and that angered many people. The police considered him armed and dangerous. But he was easy to catch because he had destroyed all of his sculptures except two and this carving, of course. So the police set a trap and he was caught and confined to a mental institution. Ronald has been there for forty-five years. You see, he was obsessed with perfection and knew he could never achieve it. This broke his personality.
So Ronald is running around with a sword he acquired somewhere. Sad to say this statue may be his last work of any worth. He destroyed most of the rest, and now he's at it again. And I don't know if he escaped from the mental institution or was released. He's been transferred so many times it's hard to trace."
William Baudemagus shook his head. Sarah shivered and Boyd's eyes worried. Ellen put her arm around Sarah.
"Has this man ever hurt anyone besides himself?" asked Ellen.
"Not to my knowledge," said Baudemagus. "And I must apologize for alarming the children. Ronald is ill, but he only chops up statues. He will be caught soon. And if you sell me the statue he will have no reason to come here again."
Ellen felt Sarah stiffen at the mention of selling the statue. Ellen took it as a good sign.
"So it's a rarity," said Ellen.
"Why yes," said Mister Baudemagus, showing his big yellow teeth to her, and gold. "That is why it's worth all of the ten thousand dollars I'm going pay you for it. And I guarantee that Ronald Pastiche will not be back once it is known that the statue is gone."
"How will he know?" asked Ellen.
"Ronald is very clever. My workmen will make a show of driving it around the neighborhood in plain sight before they bring it to me."
Ellen watched Mister Baudemagus. Some instinct made her hesitate. She wasn't sure why. Maybe it was the answer to her question about ownership. His dark eyes watched her and she caught him at it. It was like seeing beyond a mask into some deeper place. Then the toothy smile was back and she wasn't sure again.
"I need to think about it," said Ellen. "Just overnight."
Boyd and Sarah stared at their mother in surprise.
"Ten thousand dollars," whispered Boyd.
Baudemagus lowered his head.
"Oh, Mrs. Lake. I have been searching so long for this..."
Then he lifted his head and smiled. "But, I can wait another twenty-four hours, I'm sure. Please, come by the shop tomorrow. I have something special the kids will like."
Baudemagus stood up and handed her his card.
"My store is easy to find. Sarah, Boyd," he said with a little nod. Ellen saw him to the door.
As soon as Baudemagus was in his car, Sarah hugged her mother.
"I'm afraid of that man with the sword, Mom, but I know we're going to keep the statue."
"Probably not," said Ellen.
"I know you, Mom," she said. "We are."
"Ten thousand dollars just walked out the door, Mom," said Boyd. "I can't believe you did that." Boyd's shoulders slumped as he went off to his room.
Ellen was aware of her daughter's dark eyes taking her measure.
It's uncanny, she thought, how even her expressions are like his.
Ellen remembered all too well how Daryl seemed to know what she was thinking, how to feed her need for peace. How he fed her delusions about him.
Ellen reached out and put a hand on Sarah's warm cheek.
"You don't trust him," said Sarah. "Do you think the story was true? Do you think, think, think..." Sarah went pale.
Ellen gathered her daughter in her arms. Sarah buried her head in her mother's shoulder. The weight of the willowy thirteen- year-old pushed at her, but Ellen did not move.
I will never ever let anything happen to you again, thought Ellen. Bitterness filled her mouth at the word again.
"He won't find us," said Ellen. "I don't think this has anything to do with your father. Okay?"
"Okay," said Sarah into Ellen's shoulder.
Then Ellen held her daughter at arm's length and lifted her chin. Now the face was just Sarah's: feminine and worried - the daughter she'd failed.
I was blind once, Sarah, thought Ellen. But no more. I will keep you safe.
Sarah's long lashes swept down. Ellen became aware that she had almost asked her daughter's forgiveness.
Lord knows, I don't deserve it, she thought.
Ellen kissed her daughter's forehead.
"But we will need some help," said Ellen.
She thought about Detective Warner. What a handsome man he was, but so much younger in so many ways. She recalled the vow she made about men after Daryl. The kids got all of her from now on. No more charmers. But Detective Warner didn't seem to be like that. He was honest, even a bit silly, and she needed his advice.
That policeman, Mom?" Sarah cast an anxious glance. "You're not going to date him, are you, Mom?"
"No, Sarah. He's too young. But I will ask him about William Baudemagus. The police must know this story about the sculptor."
"Promise me, Mom."
"I promise. It's just you, me and Boyd."

Chapter 11
Boyd moped in his room. Ten thousand dollars, he thought. He picked up his skateboard and put it down under his feet. What if it is that son of a bitch father of mine? Daryl? Will we have to leave? I just stated making friends.
Boyd thought of his two good friends CJ and XL. CJ, an ardent biker, knew nothing about Boyd and Sarah. When he saw Boyd's scratched old skateboard he made such outrageous and oblivious fun of it that all Boyd could do was laugh. XL, the most talented of the bikers and a sophomore at the high school, came to be friends with Boyd through sheer admiration for his fearlessness on the half pipe.
One afternoon they matched and compared road rashes. Boyd won that contest by picking up a wide rash up on his forehead when he missed a jump completely. Boyd made no sound, sat up and stuck some old tissues to the seeping burn.
"Dude," said XL, "you are the craziest asshole here."
Boyd smiled at him. Sarah met CJ and XL through Boyd. Boyd saw how CJ disgusted her. He couldn't explain his sister to his friends. XL thought she was beautiful and Sarah wouldn't look at him. Boyd could only shrug and keep her close, hoping she would find a friend. But he knew Sarah found the girls in the eighth grade silly, and they feared approaching the serious looking, severely dressed girl. Boyd did what he could and invited her to the halfpipe every time. She always declined. That forced him stay for a shorter time than he wanted to. Sometimes they argued about it. Not often, though. Boyd remembered his failure to protect her.
I knew something was wrong, he thought. But I couldn't help.
Boyd lay down on the bed, pulled up his legs, closed his eyes and fell into a shallow sleep. He dreamed of a warrior in a leather helm riding over a moor toward the sounds of a battle. Low mists floated on the ground. Above the mist the sun burned, glancing off the metal in the horse's harness and a shield with the Christian Cross.
"Go back!" shouted Boyd.
The King pulled on the reins of the horse and looked around at the empty moor of gorse and saw grass. The muscular white horse snorted. The sound of surf came on the breeze.
"Go back," said Boyd. "You will die."
The warrior smiled. His teeth showed strong and even. "It is my time," said the warrior. "You must learn to trust. We are merely leaves in a season. But the season for us comes again and again."
The warrior spurred his horse. Boyd threw an arm over the bed and continued to sleep.
"Trust," he muttered.

Chapter 12
Detective Warner detected Ellen's upset over the phone even though she spoke calmly. He wanted to suggest that they meet somewhere for dinner and talk. The words stuck in his throat like glue.
This is why I'm always alone, he thought. Damn it! Not this time! Don managed to work his jaw up to a fish-fighting-for-air imitation.
"I'll come over," he gasped.
"Okay," said Ellen. "We're having pork chops."

It wasn't the romantic evening Don Warner had imagined, but he liked Boyd and Sarah and the role of hero Boyd thrust on him. Sarah never seemed to look directly at him, but maybe she was just shy.
So we'll be friends, their mother and me, he thought. Something new and different.
At first Ellen and Don talked about the land and Ellen's love of a house with a story attached. Even the children knew about myths because they made great bedtime stories.
Don took his turn. He told them about being a cop for only three years and a townie besides. It didn't sound interesting to his own ears until he saw that Boyd and Ellen listened attentively, while Sarah pretended not to. Don wasn't used to a lot of attention and he may have exaggerated a few things, but not too much. He kept noticing the inside of the house. The big neat room with the wide board floors and yellowing plaster reminded him of its age. The furniture was comfortable and clean. He loved the big fireplace with the granite hearth set with birch logs. The wide picture window looked out over a dying garden. The old statue fit with the looming oaks and twisted old maples. November dusk turned the trees into shadows.
Halfway through a piece of blueberry pie Boyd asked the question Don had been waiting to hear.
"Did you ever kill anyone?"
Detective Don Warner and not just Don Warner looked right into Boyd's eyes. "I've never had to take my gun out of the holster and hope I never have to."
"Do you think...?"
"Boyd," said Ellen, "will you please clear the table?"
Ellen couldn't be upset. This was Boyd. Her Boyd. She smiled at Don. The kids had homework, so went off to do it in their rooms. Detective Warner and Ellen sat across from each other on the benches of the big pine table.
Don thought Ellen seemed weary. He noticed that she wore only a little makeup and her dark hair looked slightly disheveled. A blouse with embroidery accentuated the curve of her neck. Their eyes met. He marveled at the clear violet color, and felt no real contact.
Hiding, musing inward? he wondered. Or just far too mature for me?
He hungered for her like a spring bear. It startled him. Could she see it? His face grew red.
"You have nice kids," he stammered.
Ellen lips turned up with a quirk of amusement.
"I feel ridiculous," blurted Detective Warner.
Ellen laughed. "You're not."
He smiled at her. "Then why are you laughing?"
"Because you're funny."
"I'm funny?"
His confused expression made her laugh even more. Ellen wasn't sure what was happening to her. Maybe she was heading into hysteria. She could see right through him. His desire for her, his worries about it, and he really did like the kids. She could see no double-life or hidden agenda here. This man seemed wonderfully transparent and easy to be with.
"I could tell they liked you, too," said Ellen quietly.
Their eyes met and didn't look away. After a long moment Don remembered the other reason he came.
"Tell me as much as you can," said Detective Warner in a quiet voice.
Ellen talked and Don didn't interrupt, listening carefully to everything she said and offering an open posture and encouraging words. Ellen had an excellent memory and rendered her account of Baudemagus in detail. At the end she stared into her coffee cup.
Detective Warner thought she seemed sad. Why sad? Warner took a guess.
"Do you know anyone that might want to harm you?"
Ellen sighed.
"My ex husband. He vowed to find us no matter where...."
"But that wasn't him, correct?"
"He's wealthy and could hire someone to harass us."
"I see. When I get back I'll check on his whereabouts."
"He's in Boston. His name is Daryl Lake. I can give you the address. In fact, now that you know, I can give you the restraining order, too."
Ellen went to find it. Warner was more comfortable in this role and took down the address when she came back.
"And William Baudemagus, the antique dealer, will buy the statue from you?" he asked.
"Tomorrow. If I decide to let him."
"Hmm.. Maybe we'd better get it inside. If it's that valuable then let's lock it in the basement tonight. I've heard of Baduemagus. His reputation is a little tarnished. The Chief might know more. I'll call him later."
"You think he'll try to steal it?"
"If he's giving you ten it's worth one hundred. Maybe," said Don. "And the story of this Pastiche character? I'll have to check on it. But I'm from around here and I've never heard it before. But if a nut is loose around the Lakes Region that could explain some recent happenings. Let's put the carving down in the basement and lock it in. I'll stake out the backyard and have the patrol back me up by radio contact."
"He's a maniac with a sword," said Ellen.
"I'm a cop with a club, mace and a gun," said Don.
At least, he thought, if I remember to bring the damn thing.
Ellen wasn't sure she wanted him to know how relieved and how safe she felt with him.
Now I will have to worry about him as well, she thought.
*
Ellen, Boyd, Sarah and Don wrestled the sun-warmed statue down the bulkhead and locked it from the inside. It seemed much heavier than before. Ellen decided that the kids would sleep in sleeping bags in her room with the door locked. It took some time to get them settled. They found the whole thing a bit scary and didn't want their mother to leave the room. When Don tried to reassure Sarah she pulled the sleeping bag over her head.
Ellen made a thermos of hot coffee for Don and saw him to the door. She seemed small next to him and smelled wonderful. He liked her long dark hair falling straight back and the sheen of it in the hall light. He watched the curve of her neck. Her face held fine lines. He liked them. They said that experience had not beaten her.
Ellen smiled. Don smiled back. He could almost feel her against him. His chest ached.
Damn it, he thought. The Chief wouldn't even like me here for dinner.
Detective Warner opened the door.
"Be careful, Don," she said.
"I will," he returned and saw genuine worry on her face. Feelings he hadn't had since Jillian flooded back. He stepped out, closed the door and almost pitched off the stoop before catching his balance.
You can catch this guy. You can do this, he thought and a brief daydream of Ellen kissing her hero as he brought the swordsman back in handcuffs came to him.
Detective Warner took a deep breath in the cool night air, let out the air with a short "Oh, brother," and went directly to his car and drove away. He parked two blocks down, spoke to Mercer on the radio about what he was doing, called Chief Drinkwater on his cell and managed to get an okay for the stakeout with a promise to have Mercer do drive-bys every hour. Warner opened the trunk, took out a nightstick, flashlight, portable radio, a can of mace and checked his ordinance: a Smith and Wesson forty-five.
The detective cut through back yards to the edge of the lowland and set up watch behind a big maple log. The coffee came in handy. Warner had never done a stakeout and found it excruciating, but better than being with Robert the Third.
No moon came up. He smelled the night moisture, grass and something that could only be the mustiness of the old forest itself. It exuded a cool dampness that was cooler than he had anticipated. Animals rustled at the edge of the wood. He thanked Ellen for the coffee silently. The night crept on. He began to daydream again. This time Ellen wore something gossamer and posed on the bed in the cottage.
An aching hip brought him out of it. He checked the time on the glow function of his G shock with his wrist held almost under the log.
Only twenty minutes, he thought and then realized that having sex fantasies wouldn't help the surveillance.
Got to keep alert, he decided and tried to keep still by tensing each muscle. He'd read somewhere that Native American hunters did that. He wiggled his toes and fingers, flexed a muscle, let it go. Finally he knelt, looked over the old log and bent down to check his G shock.
"One hour!" he whispered. "Boy, do I suck at this! How does anybody do this? Now I'm talking to myself."
He sat back against the mossy log and drank coffee. Clouds obscured most of the stars.
I smell rain, he thought.
Five minutes later it began to fall with a few big droplets that turned into a drenching deluge. Ten minutes later it stopped. Water dripped from the brim of his hat. The rain soaked right through his WPD windbreaker. The cool air from the forest wafted over. He drank some more coffee to ward off the shivers and began to feel like a sodden old trunk himself. He checked his watch: One hour and ten minutes.
Oh no," he thought and finished off the coffee. The thermos held four cups. Warner felt a coffee headache coming on and had another common coffee problem. He solved it by walking on his knees to the edge of the log and peeing into the deep moss.
"Don't look at your watch," he said to himself as he zipped up.
Don became still. He turned his head toward the forest. Something alerted him in this place of dark, darker and blackness. He couldn't say it was a change in light. He likened it to listening to a familiar song coming faintly over the air. It was all familiar until a new instrument appeared in the background suddenly. Don grew quieter, listened intently. The few stars visible seemed to dim and the big trees became darkness itself. Detective Warner attributed a sudden chill that passed over him to a leftover from the soaking. But he didn't push on the big light. Somehow he was regarding and being regarded.
When nothing happened, Detective Warner lost the thread of that awareness. He started to shrug in dismissal, but his body twitched instead: like a twitch that happens just before sleep. Warner's tongue thickened and brought back his dreams as a boy.
In his most repetitive nightmare a huge black dragon tried to back him off a cliff. He held an enchanted sword, but the dragon was darkness with fire at its soul. The castle behind him bristled with thorny and blossomless wild roses, and, in the tower, Beauty awaited love's first kiss.
It didn't matter. He never won. The huge black snake thing shot fire from its foul mouth with the stench of sulfur and he fell, screaming, hair burning, air whistling, sword falling away into the abyss.
He always woke up on the floor. Once he gave himself a bloody nose and screamed in terror so loud that it woke his parents. Don remembered the words of his mother.
"Dreams are part of you," she said with the ten year old on her lap. "You can decide if you want a dream or not. You can change it or just wake up. It's up to you."
Donny became an expert at waking up from dreams. He even began to dream of a stage where cards stood on a tripod in front of a red curtain. Often he could go through the cards, pick the dream written there and dream it. Sometimes, and more rarely as time went on, the cards flipped themselves and he was drawn down into one of his nightmares. Then he had to end it. They were difficult to end. Coming from the dream was like swimming through swirling currents of syrup from some deep place. He didn't have enough breath to reach the air. The syrup became water in a swimming pool and much too deep. He could hear muffled voices, children shouting around the edge and saw a water distorted blue sky, a scuttling cloud, bare feet. Someone dove in. He knew he wasn't going to make it. His chest ached, hurt. Don wanted to scream, take a deadly breath and broke through to find himself on his bed, gasping.
The ceiling held a brown stain shaped like a cloud. The windows to his room moved back and forth in his vision. Donny tried to blink it away. His fingers and tongue seemed swollen. Peter Pan came through the window: sharp featured, impenetrably feral, a panpipe in one hand and a gleaming knife in the other.
Not awake yet, thought Donny and told himself to wake again, coming up this time like something buoyant released from the bottom of the pool. He floated up on his back. Lines of force radiated from his head, and this time really, truly, without Peter Pan or the dragon with the black heart, he woke as his own self now, the kid Donny, in his room, afraid to sleep. Or so it seemed for a moment.
Detective Warner grunted. He found that he was kneeling in back of a big log.
"Black dragon," he muttered.
Sweat broke out on his forehead. His legs twitched with an urge to run. He did not.
"To hell with this," he whispered through clenched teeth. "I'm over that."
Another image came. One he wasn't over. It grew in his mind: the headless thing, once a boy, that had last been seen behind the wheel of a fast red car crushed like a beer can. The thing stood at the edge of the forest.
Don swallowed bile and sat back in the grass, breathing heavily. He gritted his teeth, took a long, careful breath through his nose and knelt up by the log again. He stared straight into the dark, held his body rigid, facing the garden. Don did not look into the forest and did not move.
Won't go, he thought. Damn well won't run.
The images waited like demons banished to shadows by a circle of light. They waited for a sound, a signal, a moment of inattention to send him headlong, shamed and screaming. He remembered times he had run screaming or choked in silence when he should have spoken.
Don clamed his jaw tighter.
"Never again, never again," he whispered sub vocally a hundred times, five hundred times. He lost count. If he moved he would run. His body ached, itched, thirst assailed him.
"You son of a bitch," he whispered to no one. "You son of a bitch."
Time passed. Nothing happened. His rigidity ebbed, faded. He faced mere darkness. Don caught the thread again: some kind of emotion, not his, dwindling to nothing.
Don slumped, checked his watch. Its luminous solidity comforted him until he saw the time.
One more hour to dawn? he thought. I don't believe it. I'm hot. Cold night. Did I fall asleep? That has to be the explanation. But kneeling?
He fell when he tried to sit down. Warner moaned out loud. Pain crashed down on his head, in his head.
"My brain is a pane of glass and somebody broke it," he said out loud.
Don groaned, tried to stand, managed a sideways stagger and found a hillock to trip over, which sent him face down in the wet grass. He stood up, walked like a midnight drunk with the shivers, made it to the house and knocked on the back door.
Ellen opened the door as if she had been standing right behind it. He tried to smile at her, but only managed to fall forward on his face at her feet.
"You romantic son of a bitch," he said into a throw rug.
Ellen called an ambulance.

Chapter 13
The broad stump stood four feet high and ten feet around. The previous owners of the old farm heard and felt the old tree fall and thought, 'earthquake.' This happened in nineteen sixty-three. The caretakers of the forest counted two hundred and fifty rings. They cut the stump evenly and took the cutting to the Museum By the Lake. It was preserved in polyurethane and set in a glass case. A small brass plate attached to it said: "This tree was a sapling at the time of the American Revolution."
The rest of the fallen tree, partly hollow, started on the long journey to become soil. Damp, insects, mushrooms and fungus worked at the huge old tree until the hollow grew bigger and the bark became covered with moss. The mammoth stump and the rotting trunk lay forgotten. Sometimes a visitor stumbled upon it and marveled before going away. The constant twilight was not to everyone's liking. Animals took it over until a human came to live there.
A thing man wrestled from nature stuck out of the center of the stump. A blade of dull iron led to a simple iron hilt ending at a white quartz crystal the size of a baby's fist. Footprints trampled the ground around the stump. Further away the black wood of an old campfire with a makeshift spit still smoldered. Small piles of half-gnawed animal's bones scorched on the embers. A sleeping bag set on a mat of dry leaves lay in the large hollow of the fallen trunk. Around the clearing huge trees seemed to form a circle of defense.
Pastiche sat in front of the old trunk with his chin on one knee and his arms around his legs. He rocked back and forth with vacant eyes. Drool streamed from the side of his mouth.
"Huh," he said after a time, and moved to loosen his muscles. His big, square face showed streaks of ash and dirt. His clothes were stiff with grime. Drinking dirty rainwater had given him cramps.
Where was I? he wondered, wiping the drool. Long periods of blankness scared him. Would I come to myself if someone found me? How long this time?
He didn't have a watch and a gray sky offered no clues to the time of day. Pastiche looked at the piles of bones smoldering on the fire. The squirrel meat had been stringy.
How long? he asked.
Hours, came the answer. Had the great Mage considered this in his spell? Am I to become catatonic? Pastiche shuddered. Catatonic for eternity?
The thought of time spent with mental patients that neither spoke nor moved filled him with dread.
Pastiche shook himself like a dog, stood up and stretched. The sound of crackling joints sounded. His right leg jumped and he slapped it. It still didn't obey completely. A few nights ago a dream came that he knew was from the leg. He had been in a car traveling very fast along a track. He passed the other cars as if they were shadows and then he woke up with a horrendous charley horse. The leg didn't like him.
"Get used to it," said Pastiche. "It's time to go to work. The statue must be in the basement of that farmhouse. You are going to take me there. Get it? And damn it, I still don't know who the champion is. The kid cop? the boy? His mother? Sister? How about the old police Chief? Why can't I tell? Maybe I'll have to chop the statue to pieces like last time. Still, that won't stop him, just delay him. Merlin, you old crank, why didn't you give me the power to sense the champion? Instead I have to tell by his dreams! Damn it to hell I'm talking to my leg!"
The leg muscle twitched. Pastiche slapped it, strode over to the stump, pulled the sword out effortlessly, shoved it into a leather scabbard across his back and started out of the clearing.

Chapter 14
Don Warner stood on the outside of the door marked "Chief of Police." He raised his fist to knock on the solid oak, let his hand fall.
"What do I say to the Chief?" wondered Don. "I've let him down. And everyone knows it's not a good idea to let down Iron Man Drinkwater."
Don thought of the Chief on the baseball diamond during the last charity soft ball game. A man of sixty-five years with muscle man muscles packed into a five foot two inch frame, standing easy at shortstop. Don took first base: the only player willing to catch a ball thrown from the banty's spring of an arm. It came so fast it actually curved before it hit his glove. It stung like hell. At sixty-five the man dove for balls and came up with them.
Don heard the words "natural athlete" and "natural leader" spoken among the Chief's contemporaries and admirers. Others changed that to bully. Ray Mercer, the oldest beat cop, used to patrol with the Chief, but had not spoken a civil word to him in years. Don remembered Mercer saying once that the Chief, "sucked up to politicians and those PC bastards."
Don also remembered the night the Chief dispatched Detective Warner to take Patrolman Mercer home from a local bar. The bartender, a third cousin of the Chief's, called the Chief at home at one in the morning. Mercer was roaring drunk and refused to let him close the bar. The Chief said:
"Mercer likes you and you're on night duty."
Detective Warner was stunned to discover that Mercer might like someone. That it was himself was, well, a little too hard to believe.
After all, thought Don. Didn't he call me 'a little wet behind the ears pussy boy' my very first day?
Don recalled how wet his palms stayed as he approached the bar. He didn't check his ears. The bar stood right next to the stone bridge. Don could smell the bay and hear the water lap the sides of the bridge tunnel.
I'd like to be under there in my canoe right now, he thought as he took a deep breath and opened the big double doors.
He heard someone sobbing. Don feared for any lingering patrons and hurried in only to find Mercer with his head down on the bar, sobbing into a towel. The bartender shrugged and pointed to the door like a hitchhiker.
Don helped Mercer to the unmarked and took him home. He hoped the fat old drunk would fall asleep on the way. And it seemed he would at first. Don even thanked God for small mercies. But, unfortunately, with his eyes closed and his head back against the rest, Mercer started to talk.
"You know, Donny boy, before Belden was a PC bastard he used to break some arms out there. He took no shit from anyone, but I'll tell you, the arm-breaking thing was special. The man was a master. Every guy he did it to was over six feet tall. Claimed it was an accident. I backed him up. We backed each other up, the old prick."
Officer Mercer opened his bleary eyes and favored Don with the smile of a man reminiscing about the sweet, good old days. Don tried not to react to the story, and was sure the Chief he knew didn't do that anymore, if ever.
"Glad I'm not six feet tall," muttered Don into the Chief's door. "Not that it's going to help. Two days in the hospital and a report that makes me look like an idiot."
Warner lifted his fist, hesitated a moment longer, then knocked hard.
"C'mon in," said the Chief.
The Chief's office smelled of Old Spice and old cigars. The Chief didn't smoke anymore, but ancient smoke had yellowed the walls. Don wondered again why the Chief's wife Gloria didn't tell him he used too much cologne, but maybe she liked it, and Don sure wasn't going to mention it— not today anyway.
On the Chief's desk stood a bust of Napoleon, a photo of his wife and a tiny hammer gong that let out a perfect tone when hit. Photos of officers from different eras decorated the walls. The earliest was a sepia photo from the turn of the century and Don's favorite. Two boys in blue leaned on the bumper of a Model A Police cruiser holding Springfield rifles. They looked tough. The two-block dirt street of downtown Lakewood filled the background. One of the men happened to be Benton Drinkwater, Belden's great grandfather.
Detective Warner took the seat in front of the desk. The Chief remained standing. Don seemed to be able to make out every detail of the man today. Don remembered being surprised to find that some of the much younger women in town were attracted to the Chief. He asked one his former schoolmates why. She said he was like a perfect little statue she'd like to put on her dresser. Don took in the crisp uniform, short gray hair, chiseled profile, firm jaw-line, ramrod posture and fine lines radiating from clear gray eyes that gave Drinkwater an air of calm command - if you didn't notice how often his jaw muscles bulged. Don noticed.
"No statue here," he thought.
"I hired you over the heads of others because I thought you could do this job," began the Chief.
Don opened his mouth to speak. Chief Drinkwater held up his hand.
"I know I blew it, Chief, but nothing really happened," blurted Don.
The Chief's face reddened. Don braced himself for the explosion. It never came. Belden Drinkwater took a deep breath, exhaled. Some of the color drained from his cheeks.
"Something did happen," said the Chief quietly. "You went to the hospital. You didn't catch the perpetrator and the other officers are making fun of you. Even worse, they think you've got some kind of thing going with Ellen Lake. One of the officers saw her at the hospital with you. She's a nice lady. We all like her but..."
The Chief paused and raised one eyebrow. Don missed his chance to speak.
"She's a suspect in this case, Don."
"Only theoretically, Chief. She's..."
"Too beautiful and sexy? Damn it, Don!"
Belden Drinkwater smacked the top of his desk with a palm.
"You've lost your objectivity in this case, man! All the blood is rushing out of your head, son. I know how beautiful this woman is. Everyone stares at her. Hell, old Rupert, the druggist, damn near tipped his toupee to her the other day. She's not seeing anyone so she's lonely. Here comes her hero: Twenty-three and still wet behind the ears, a perfect target. This woman calls you because she's afraid of some character in the backyard. She claims she doesn't know him, gives you a story about her husband, who is under a court order and being a good boy right now. So could this be an old boyfriend? It sounds like more harassment. Some women repeat the same pattern over and over again in relationships. Her husband harassed her, so does the boyfriend. She shows you some leg to get rid of him, throws you a few sultry looks and you're next on the list. Women have their side of a divorce, and men have one, too, although I think that is often forgotten. Do you get where I'm going with this?"
"Sure, Chief. I get it. Ellen Lake is part of a police investigation. I'm the investigator and I have to consider all the possibilities and not get involved with her. Right?" said Don, trying on a half smile.
"I can handle this investigation myself, Don, if you can't," said the Chief.
The smile disappeared. Don opened his mouth but nothing came out. He closed it, titled his head forward a little.
"Don't worry, Sir. I can," he said quietly.
The Chief remained silent. They locked eyes. The Chief let out a long sigh. He looked down. His hand shook on the desk. The Chief picked up the gong hammer, held it hard. Don pretended not to notice.
"You're not the boy who knocked over my sapling with your mountain bike anymore, are you?"
"No, sir." Don's smile came out in full. "But I still like fishing just as much."
Belden looked up and made a thin smile.
"A word to the wise, Detective."
"You bet," said Don.
Relief made Don look younger. The Chief pretended not to notice.
"So, you're okay, Don?"
Detective Warner did not look the Chief in the eye.
"I'm fine, Chief," replied Don, a knot forming in his stomach.
The first lie, thought Don.
"Time for business," said Chief Drinkwater, sitting down behind his desk. "Baudemagus: He's been around here for forty or fifty years. As you know, some rumors surfaced that he might not be completely honest, but we've had no complaints. He's not married and keeps to himself in one of the smaller million dollar cottages over on Sewell Road. He had a burglar about five years ago and I took the call. The man is odd, for certain, but he has also been a generous benefactor of our Babe Ruth League."
The Chief hit the palm of his hand with the little hammer, shifted his weight forward and continued.
"The Pastiche case was famous in the Lakes Region when I was a boy of ten. He destroyed our war memorial and burned down a building on the Snow farm. He was taken away with a net and committed for life. I don't know about Baudemagus's role in this, but his shop was in town at the time. He came to Grandpa Drinkwater's farm once. I was there. I get the feeling he was never a young man, sort of the opposite of Dick Clark. He bought an old sleigh for one of his customers. But I think you'd better do a records check. The case is almost fifty years old so Delia won't be any help on the computer. You'll have to go to the barn for this one."
The Chief pointed at Don with the little hammer.
"It's a sad tale Don, and if this guy is loose he's got to be eighty or ninety years old. You would think he could not possibly be a threat. But if what our antique dealer says is true then he's completely deranged. Find out about the writing on the wall business if it's recorded anywhere. It may help predict what he's going to do next."
The Chief paused, put down the hammer in the small depression at the bottom of the gong's stand and stood up.
"Remember the three rules about how to be successful in the retail business? Location, location, location? Well, you have three rules dealing with this nut: back up, back up, back up. Right, Don? No Die Hard bullshit. You're not John McLain."
"Or John Wayne," said Don. "No worries there at all, Chief. That's for sure."
"Keep me informed."
"Of course."
Don stood up. "I'll go out there and search the records now."
"One last thing, Don," said the Chief. "Did you consider that both this and the limb thief case might be connected?"
"Two dangerous nuts in the same town in the same week seem like too much of a coincidence, Chief."
"I see you haven't been out to the trailer park much."
Don laughed and opened the door. He stepped out and nearly into Robert the Third waiting in the dark hall. The overhead lights seemed to sink into the old wood and push out the smell of mildew. Robert and mildew, thought Don, closing the door. The dim light didn't favor Robert. Had he been listening at the door? There had been rumors.
"So how was she?" said Robert the Third.
The man showed the tips of small pearly teeth. Warner noticed that Robert's complexion had turned pasty. Robert moved his withered arm close to his body. The hand in the pocket seemed to be working overtime. Don thought it must be some kind of spasm, somehow rhythmic. Robert seemed to be a man with a fever. Don didn't get it. This was macho man with a tanning parlor tan? What happened to it?
"Hey, I'd like to stake out Ellen Lake some night myself," he said.
"Shut up, Robert," said Don.
Robert the Third leaned close. Onions for lunch. Don leaned back. Robert grew a sly half smile.
"I heard she was so good she put you in the hospital."
Don put up a hand as if warding off something evil and began to walk away. Robert kept pace. Robert the Third's customized uniform appeared rumpled. He began to hold his withered arm. Don took in the man's blocky body and slicked back hair. What was he, thirty?
Suddenly Don knew something about Robert the Third. The words came out his mouth before he could stop them.
"My God, Robert, you're a virgin!"
Robert the Third stopped. Don turned to look at him as he kept walking. The dispatcher's face grew red. Don realized he knew almost nothing about Robert the Third. The man might still live with his mother, too? Ah, shit.
"I'm truly sorry, Robert. I..."
Robert pulled himself up straight.
"Hey, fuck you, rookie. I can shoot the eyes out of a frog, God damn it! You pussy bastard!"
Don escaped out the fire door even though he wanted to go back to his office.
Delia, the secretary, stood just outside the door smoking a cigarette. At twenty-one she already had dark pouches under her eyes and wore a permanent scowl that ended in three chins. Her stringy hair didn't allow any style but straight. Delly wore a pair of jeans that made Don wonder where she bought her clothes. Who made jeans with a butt that wide?
Delly took another drag on the cigarette and fixed him with a gimlet eye.
"Smokin' will help me lose weight. Friend of mine started smokin' and lost forty pounds," she said.
Don kept his eye on the door, waiting for it to open. No sign of Robert. Usually Don managed to mumble something at least nominally civil to Delly. She helped him in paperwork snafus as long as he listened to a certain number of complaints. That seemed fair. Don kept looking over his shoulder, and forgot to keep his mouth shut again.
"Cancer patients are all very skinny, Delly, I mean, Delia," he said, and headed around the front to the unmarked.
He could feel Delly's eyes boring into his back right through the brick. He focused on making a clean getaway. The Crown Victoria started right up and he made it spew gravel on the way out. He knew his remark to Delly would cost a dozen donuts at least. And what would Robert the Third do next?
"My mouth has had quite a morning," he said into the rear view mirror.

Chapter 15
She heard the screaming in the woods. Laughter started and grew in volume and pitch until it became a wail. She followed the trail toward the sound and came into a small clearing among the giant trees. He stood there trapped in vines, grinning with big white teeth, spittle running down his chin, gray eyes wild.
"Ah, so you have come to visit the old man in his madness, again? How lovely! I have much to show you as always. Oh, and don't try to leave until we're done. This is all special just for you, you know. Just for you!"
The old man bowed his head into shadow. A tangle of filthy gray hair covered his face. The thick, gray vines held him off the ground. Then it all disappeared.
A gray fog surrounded her, swirling and damp. The sounds came first: the squeak of leather, the blowing and clomps of horses. Out of the fog shapes loomed: a line of silent men dressed for battle rode by on strong war horses, carrying the banner of the cross. The sound of battle reached her ears, men screamed, animals grunted, metal clashed. An arrow buried itself in the ground at her feet. She did not move.
Soon silence prevailed. Fog drifted. A shape revealed itself: an armoire. She went to it, traced the fine Latin scroll work, opened it and found the great treasures precious to the King: a burnished, but plain crown of gold, the scabbard of a sword, a blackening marriage wreath of dried flowers, a plain stone cup with a cross carved in it. She watched as each item crumbled and became dust. Shadows remained, and silence.
She began to weep dry tears, tried to close the door, stopped. Something began to form in the air. She didn't want to know, tried to close the door again, but her hand became an ancient claw, frozen and brittle. She tried to look away, could not. A face formed: young, sweet with violet eyes; the face of innocence, but for a shadow in cheeks too hollow for one of such youth. The eyes came up to his in grief, beseeching her.
With a sound like bones breaking, she slammed the door and gasped awake in bed. Sunlight streamed through the half open window.
Three days, thought Baudemagus bitterly. The herbs give me one day of energy for three days of sleep. That damned stubborn policeman and that damned dream. But at least I know the time is truly near. What has been destroyed cannot be created again. Still, I will live on. The power of the Sihda is still strong enough.
He closed his eyes. The image of the face returned. He wept tired old man tears.
"I promise no pain," he whispered, "just like the others."

Chapter 16
Rafe and Harvey watched Sarah walk down the hall to her locker. She saw them but kept her head down.
I hate the way Rafe looks at me, she thought, and he's dirty.
Sarah knew some dopers she liked, but Rafe's huge bulk gave him a bully's advantage over the other kids, and he dealt pot. His magenta hair held fuzz from somwhere and the ring in his thick nose made him look like some ill-tempered bull in an old Warner Brothers cartoon. Sarah wanted to turn him in, but knew he would find out somehow. He had picked her out as his victim. Sarah didn't know why. But she didn't fear Harvey. People made up jokes about how his father and mother were sister and brother. She felt sorry for his scrawny, drawn face and perpetual squint. Harvey didn't seem to exist except as Rafe's audience. His laugh grated on her nerves like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Don't look at them, she thought. They're stupid. They don't exist.
She opened her locker. Something fell out. Sarah looked down in puzzlement, then felt her stomach lurch as she looked at the object on the floor: A condom with something white in it. A small involuntary scream came from her throat. She knew her mistake before the sound faded.
Rafe and Harvey stood on either side of her. Other kids gave them a wide birth and wouldn't meet Sarah's eyes.
"I've got a fresh one for you, baby doll," said Rafe.
Sarah's lips thinned. She put the books she needed for her first class in her backpack, put the others in the locker and closed it - all without looking at them or the thing on the floor. She tried to walk away, but Rafe blocked the way. She came up to his chest.
"Don't you like our little joke?" he asked.
"Excuse me," she said. "But I have to get to class."
Sarah heard Harvey's characteristic lisp.
"Scuse me, I have to get to class," he said and laughed.
Sarah gritted her teeth at the sound and started a turn to go around the massive boy. Behind her Harvey yelped like a dog. She turned in time to see his head hit the linoleum. An arm went through hers and she knew Boyd had found her. Rafe and Boyd glared at each other. A crowd of kids gathered. The Vice Principal moved quickly down the hall towards them.
"Go to class," she said and the children moved away reluctantly.
Harvey stood up rubbing his leg.
"What's going on here?" asked Mrs. Finch.
The boys didn't stop staring at each other. Rafe loomed over the thin, graying Mrs. Finch, Harvey, Sarah and Boyd like the prow of a ship.
"I asked a question," said Mrs. Finch quietly. "Answer it here or in the office."
"Nothing," said Harvey. "I tripped. Rafe and Boyd were tradin' baseball cards."
"Baseball cards," said the Vice Principal. "Since when? Get to class."
Boyd moved off with Sarah. The two boys went in the other direction. Rafe and Boyd kept staring back at each other. Mrs. Finch stood in the middle and watched them go.
"Baseball cards," she said under hear breath as she stared down at the condom.
Once around the corner Sarah glanced over at Boyd. He didn't even seem mad.
"Rafe is a jerk," she said. "I can handle him, but he's a lot bigger than you."
Boyd didn't seem to hear her.
"If he bothers you I'll kill him," he said in a monotone. Boyd's eyes focused on the distance.
He left her at the classroom door. Sarah chewed a fingernail as she watched him go, remembering Jared.
When lunchtime came Sarah's luck ran out again.
"Hello beautiful," said Rafe. "Are you still a virgin? I can fix that, you know."
No, not again, thought Sarah as her tormentor picked up a brown tray behind her. Harvey, of course, came up behind him. The other kids gave them plenty of room. The line moved quickly. The lunch ladies smiled at Sarah, frowned at Rafe.
Rafe stayed silent as they passed the monitor. Sarah paid and hurried off with her tray, finding a seat at a nearly full table quickly. It didn't deter the large boy. He followed her. Sarah felt a presence at her shoulder suddenly and turned: Boyd facing the much larger boy with his arms loose and ready.
"Get lost, Rafe," he said.
Rafe swung without warning. Boyd moved his head but the blow hit his cheek. Boyd rocked back, launched forward and grabbed the older boy by the neck. Rafe staggered back, tried to right himself, overbalanced and fell, twisting onto his back with Boyd still at his neck. Kids jumped out of their seats if as to avoid a falling tree. Rafe's face started to turn purple. He tried to push a thumb in Boyd's eye. Boyd automatically avoided it, kept squeezing. The now frightened boy tried to push him away. Boyd used his skinny flexibility to avoid it. Rafe punched Boyd in the chest and tried to pull his hair. Boyd didn't seem to feel the punch and the blunt hands slipped off his hair.
Boyd kept squeezing. The bigger boy pushed his legs against the linoleum, trying to get away. His eyes bulged. Two female monitors, teacher assistants, grabbed Boyd by each arm and pried him loose. Rafe scrambled up to his knees and stumbled forward, holding his throat and gagging. With huge gasps he staggered up, still holding his thick neck, slammed against an empty table and almost fell again.
The audience of kids scrambled back as the table moved. No sound came from the fifty children in the lunchroom. All eyes stayed on Rafe. They all knew that no kid this monster fought had ever bothered to get up after one of his sneak punches. Boyd didn't seem to even be breathing hard. What would Rafe do now?
Rafe held his neck, blinked around at the kids in the cafeteria and did something no one had ever seen him do: he ran right out the cafeteria door and out of the school. The kids in the lunchroom suddenly broke into cheers. Sarah was the only kid to notice that Boyd didn't seem to hear them. The assistants escorted Boyd to the office.

Chapter 17
"Have you seen Boyd?" asked Ellen.
They always met in front of Center Grammar School at the end of the day. Only Sarah stood there.
"I don't know," said Sarah, keeping her eyes down.
"It wasn't your fault, Sarah. Believe that."
Tears leaked from the side of Sarah's eyes. Ellen put her arm around Sarah's shoulders. Sarah shrugged her off.
"I'm okay," she said. "It's just that Rafe's so mean. He picks on everybody, and he thinks he can beat anyone up. But what he says is so stupid. It doesn't bother me." Sarah bit her lip, wiped the tears. "It's Boyd, Mom. He went right after Rafe. He's so small and Rafe hit him, but Boyd didn't seem to feel it. He went after Rafe so coldly. Boyd didn't even seem to be mad, Mom. And Rafe was so afraid he ran away. It took two assistants to pull him off. If they hadn't stopped it, I think Boyd might have hurt him real bad."
"We'll talk," said Ellen, but this was something new.
"It'll be okay."
"He's berserk, Mom."
"No, no, it'll be okay," said Ellen more to herself than to Sarah. Sarah couldn't bring herself to tell Ellen about Jared.
Ralph, one of the kids in Boyd's class, walked by.
"Have you seen my son?" asked Ellen.
"I saw him walking toward downtown, Mrs. Lake."
Ralph looked at Sarah.
"It's good that he beat up Rafe," said Ralph. "He did us all a favor. He's a hero. And that little tick Jared, too."
"Jared?" said Ellen. "You mean Boyd threw that kid over the fence? How?"
Sarah shot a look at Ralph. Ralph shrugged and moved on.
"Why didn't you tell me?" asked Ellen.
"It was almost two years ago, Mom. I didn't think it was ever going to happen again."
"Oh no," said Ellen. "We have to find him or I'm going to Don."
"Don?" asked Sarah. "Mom, you promised."
"Honey, he's a cop. Don't worry. Let's just find Boyd. Get in the car."
Sarah kept her eyes down as she followed her mother. She got up into the passenger seat of their white minivan. Ellen massaged her forehead, rubbed her eyes, slightly smearing her eye makeup. Sarah heard her mother sigh and watched her face turn older and sadder before her very eyes. Color rose in Ellen's cheeks as she tried to put on her seat belt and it jammed. She let it snap back, pulled, but it jammed again. She yanked harder, yelled, cursed, kicked the door and slammed the window with the side of her fist.
"Mom!" yelled Sarah. "It's shut in the door!"
Ellen held her hand, shook it out, turned away to open the door and freed the seatbelt.
"We were getting better, weren't we?" asked Ellen in a quiet voice.
An answer jammed in Sarah's throat. She could only nod.
"He's taken away our safety, Sarah, invaded our home - this madman. Now you tell me this stuff about Boyd."
Ellen took a deep gulp of air, and put her head back. Sarah leaned over and patted her mother's lap.
" Boyd's okay, Mom. He's just protecting me. We'll find him, Mom. Boyd is probably with somebody and walking home."
Ellen's eyes questioned Sarah. Her brown eyes held steady to her mother's sudden probing violet ones until she blinked and looked down.
"Is there more to this, Sarah?"
"No, Mom. Well, not really — except that Mister Baudemagus was here talking to Boyd on the playground. Boyd told me he wanted to know if you've decided to sell the statue. I think he knows that Boyd wants to, somehow."
"He should talk to me," said Ellen through clenched teeth. "And I will talk to him."
Ellen started up, backed the minivan out of the space behind the small brick school and headed for Main Street. They came out at the top of the hill at the corner of Union and Main. On the right stood a small Texaco station. On the left stood the town offices and the three story, brick clock tower. Across the street stood a big white house taken over by professionals. Next to the house a well kept park descended in tiers of granite steps down to the town's reproduction of a nineteenth century bandstand, out to the brick walkways and finally to the docks jutting into Lakewood bay.
From the top of this same hill, two Junes ago, Ellen came upon this verdant, picture-perfect New England town: a white steeple in the distance, turn of the century façades on the store and office buildings, oaks, maples and ash trees lining the streets, the windy bay, the graceful mountains beyond, the busy streets, the stone bridge at the center of town leading to the shallow back bay and into big Lake Winnipesaukee. She saw the neat brick school, the small brick post office, smelled the big body of water mixed with flowers, grass and car exhaust. It captured her with its promise of peace, safety and prosperity. A town where the old soda shop might still exist and everyone knew the name of the local druggist. When she came down the hill she discovered a place more in transition to a modern tourist oriented place of shops and restaurants. Yet there were still older shops that sold maple syrup or home made cheese. It made her hopeful.
She shook the memory free with a slight movement of her head and turned left on Main.
It isn't really peaceful here, she thought, but merely a facade, a stage set, another damned lie, another place where fear and turmoil have found us. Where is my son?
Ellen passed the IGA, the post office and turned right into a small commercial horseshoe of white buildings containing a bookstore, two ice cream shops and Baudemagus's shop. On the other side of the street stood the yellow awnings of the local stationary store facing Main Street and a clothing boutique. Ace Hardware faced Bob's Homemade Ice Cream in the horseshoe and bordered the shores of Back Bay. Behind the stores stood the refurbished red gingerbread train station, housing the chamber of commerce and a fudge shop in the summer, and a preschool in the winter. Beyond it lay the town's playing fields, shallow Back Bay and biking trails converted from train tracks that led to the foundation of a nineteenth century mill.
She stopped for some early tourists crossing the street with ice cream cones. A group of townies stood on the corner and a bike cop talked to two elderly locals in front of a white brick storefront housing a realtor. One of Ellen's girl students waved to her and Ellen sent her a quickly lost smile.
Ellen noted the little shop with an old but immaculate bureau in the window set with small brass candelabra on a graying doily. The legend over the door said "The Old Curiosity Shop. W. Baudemagus Prop." Ellen's jaw ached and she didn't try to relax it.
He won't be speaking to my kids again once I get through with him, she thought. Especially if I find Boyd there.
But the sign said closed.
What could the old man have to offer Boyd even if he did tell good stories? she thought.
They moved on. Behind the shops and across from the train station stood the burnt out foundation of a restaurant and real estate office. The kids used the concrete foundation for a skate park with the permission of the owners. They had also gotten permission to graffiti the concrete walls without using obvious obscenities.
Boyd might have gone to join the fun. Ellen pulled up next to the foundation. A dozen kids took turns on the plywood quarter pipe. The sound of plastic wheels on concrete and shouts reached their ears. T-shirts of all colors and hair to match a background of lurid paint made it a place that vibrated with young energy. Oakley sunglasses on kids mystified Ellen. How could they afford them?
Ellen spotted two of Boyd's friends: Bikers running their Fat Boys up the ramps and attempting 180's with curses or shouts of triumph. Ellen beckoned them over.
XL was tall, a towhead with purple hair and fondness for shocking T-shirts. Today it was some punker as a corpse imitation. The other boy seemed stockier with tufts of red and black hair standing straight up. CJ wore arm protectors and black fingernails.
"Have you seen Boyd today?" asked Ellen.
XL smiled at Sarah. She looked down.
"I'll tell him you're looking for him, Mrs. Lake," he said and pedaled off with a wink at Sarah. Sarah let out an exaggerated expression of disgust and said, "Yuck."
Ellen turned just in time to catch CJ with his tongue hanging out, showing that he had eaten something red. Ellen might have been amused by these antics from five-year-olds, but at Sarah's age she was no longer sure how innocent the gesture was, and given it was CJ, maybe she did. But worry about Boyd overcame her other fears.
The toy store came next. They looked into the small coffee shop, into the book and cheese shop across the street and into Belck's Magazine Store at the center of town. The last place they tried was in the Headlines Shop. No Boyd.
"Maybe he's walking home," said Sarah.
Ellen didn't trust herself to speak. They parked the car across from the coffee shop.
"Mom, you okay?" asked Sarah. "Mom?"
Ellen blinked at her daughter.
"He's got to be walking home," said Ellen.
Ellen started the car and headed up the hill that would take them the two miles to the farm. They spotted Boyd walking on the sidewalk with his backpack and skateboard on his back.
Ellen pulled over. Boyd didn't say anything as he got in. Ellen let a logging truck go by and then pulled into the sparse traffic. They passed the cemetery, a beautiful old farmhouse on the top of the hill, turned left on Forest Road, then drove down a winding dirt drive bordered by tall pines. Beyond it the wood loomed, making the farmhouse seem like some fragile outpost in the wilderness. Ellen parked the car.
"Sarah, go in the house please."
Sarah opened her mouth to protest, looked back at Boyd, closed it and got out. Boyd started to get out.
"Not you."
"Why Mom?"
"Come up here in the front seat."
Boyd shrugged between the seats and sat down.
"Tell me about both fights."
Boyd squinted, as if in pain.
"Both?"
"Jared and Rafe."
Boyd's lips thinned. His eyebrows lowered. "Jared made a comment about Sarah's breasts, Mom."
"So you threw him over a fence? How?"
Boyd sighed. "I don't know, Mom. I just did."
Ellen closed her eyes for a moment, opened them, examined her son. He seemed tired. She wanted to smooth his hair but knew he would shut down and pull away.
"And Rafe?" she asked quietly.
"Rafe keeps saying sex things to Sarah. He put a used condom in her locker."
"I see. I'll talk to the vice about that."
Ellen watched her son closely. She didn't know what to say. Was this fighting some kind of fit? She'd heard of it before, and given her own temper tantrums lately...
"Did he hit you?"
"No."
"Sarah said Rafe punched you and you didn't seem to feel it."
"He didn't hit me, Mom. There's no mark on my face. Is there?"
Ellen examined Boyd's face.
"No, no mark. Do you remember the fight?"
"Of course, Mom."
Ellen nodded, not really making sense of it all.
"You're suspended for five days, and grounded for a month. If you fight anymore you will be expelled. Is that clear?"
Boyd hung his head.
"Yes, Mom. But I have to protect Sarah no matter what."
"No fighting, Boyd. Find another way."
"Okay, Mom."
"Now where were you for an hour? Why didn't you meet us?"
"I was walking."
"I know that, Boyd." Ellen felt her voice rising and paused to get it under control. "But you were only six blocks from school. What were you doing? Hanging around? Nobody at the skate park saw you, or anyone in town."
Boyd grunted. It was such an odd sound, like someone being punched. Ellen scrutinized her son.
Here is what I'd look like as a boy, she thought.
His violet eyes showed confusion and his mouth turned down.
"I don't know," he said. I was just walking. That's all I remember."
Ellen sighed. "Were you with a girl, Boyd?"
"No, Mom. I don't think I remember."
"You're hanging with Brandon again, aren't you?"
"No, mom, he's in juvey hall."
"Then where were you that you don't want to tell me? Were you with Mr. Baudemagus for some reason?"
No, Mom. He came to the playground today and asked me if we were going to sell the statue. He's really weird, Mom. I wouldn't go anywhere with him."
"That's all you talked about. The statue?"
"I guess so."
"You guess so?"
"Yeah, I mean, he interrupted the game, you know. I told him to talk to you."
"Good. Now where were you?"
"I was walking, I think."
Ellen continued to stare at her son. She put her hands beside her temples.
Calm, she told herself. Look at him. He is confused. He is not faking at all.
"I must have been thinking about stuff and just walked slow," said Boyd. "I guess I forgot we were supposed to meet. I'm sorry," said Boyd.
Ellen dropped her hands and let out some air.
"What stuff were you thinking about?" asked Ellen.
"I don't know. Mister Baudemagus got me thinking about Dad, I guess, and King Arthur. About that guy who came into our yard and how he had a really bad dad and decided that he would pretend King Arthur was his dad and he went insane and all that. Am I going insane, Mom?"
Ellen leaned over to hug him. And he hugged back hard. She whispered into his ear.
"Always remember the problem is your dad, and your mom's choices of a mate, not in you or Sarah. Believe this. You are fine, normal, even wonderful. This Ronald Pastiche is a sad case but he's not you. Okay?"
A little of the worry went out of Boyd's expression.
"Okay, Mom. Can I go now?"
She didn't want to, but he wasn't five anymore and she couldn't blow on his stomach to cheer him up. When he was gone she rested her forehead on the top of the steering wheel and closed her eyes.
Boyd is as angry as I am and it's all like a dam about to burst, then it's gone. How is that? I never got really angry through my entire divorce. Now I want to break things. But then I was just scared. It had to come out, didn't it? But not at Sarah and not at Boyd. We were okay until the statue showed up. No, we were getting better. But I didn't know this about Boyd, these fits of cold anger. What am I to do? I'll call Baudemagus and get rid of the statue at least,and right now, she thought.
But she knew she wasn't going to do it and didn't have the faintest idea why.
But I'm going to call the police, she decided. Her thoughts turned to Don Warner. I'll have to be careful with that one, she thought and knew she didn't want to be.
Ellen was getting out of the car when she heard Sarah scream.

Chapter 18
The Drinkwater farm stood at the bottom of a well-tended orchard. The farmhouse had been rebuilt in the fifties for tightness and efficiency and not for history. Little remained of the original farmhouse but a stone foundation filled with weeds next to the capacious old Dutch barn. The Land Rover was not by the front of the house so that meant Gloria Drinkwater was off to one of her charity board meetings.
Don enjoyed the quiet. He went right into the barn and turned on the light. He liked the way the bare light bulbs hanging on long wires never penetrated the barn-darkness, which always seemed so deep and full of hidden spaces. As a boy he had played here a few times and been scared by noises coming from those places. Once he found a small bundle of bones and fur in the hay. He carried them into the yard for Chief Drinkwater and dropped it when the Chief laughed and told him it was owl puke.
Don breathed in the familiar smell of hay, rotting apples, owl and mouse droppings. The backside of the barn was taken up by sorting equipment neatly stacked for next year: conveyor belts, baskets, bins and a cider press. Bales of mulch hay hung out over the rafters. Various tall ladders leaned up against the walls and a mobile cherry picker stood just behind the door. Little paws scurried as he advanced.
Don made his way to the old horse stall that now held ten metal filing cabinets, a battered metal table and a rickety folding chair: The Lakewood Police Department Archives of one hundred and fifty years. It had been plumbed by the historical society and ignored by everyone else. The old reports told of drunkenness and fighting. Very few domestic disputes made the archives. Don knew this didn't mean domestic peace reigned. A man had a right to beat his wife back then.
Don didn't stop to study history. He went straight for the cabinet he needed. After sweeping away a few cobwebs, he unlocked the cabinet for nineteen-fifty to nineteen-sixty. Some spots of mold showed up on the earliest reports, but all the rest were in fine condition. The report he found was the thickest one for the entire decade. He took it over to the beat-up table, decided not to risk the folding chair, leaned on the edge of the table and opened the folder.
Chief Elmer Drinkwater, Belden's Father, signed the report. He found faded photos of a badly damaged statue, a mug shot, and several photos of a sword with a jeweled hilt.
Don stared at the mug shot. The man healed with an ugly keloid scar from his right eye to his neck. Don saw a big blocky head with short hair, huge dark eyes, dark eyebrows and a disappointed mouth with big lips. Under the black and white, the hair and eye colors were listed as brown. No birth date had been entered. The report said forty. He had to be at least eighty now. Don thought it unlikely that a man over eighty could run so fast with a backpack and a sword even if the modus operandi was the same. No one had listed next of kin, but the address was the old Snow farm.
Don held up the grainy photo of the sword. The jewel in it could have been real. Baudemagus had told Ellen that he gave Pastiche an ornamental sword, with a real jewel? Why would he do that? Did Baudemagus claim the sword? Baudemagus had to be next on the interview list.
Don read the body of the report. It told him little that was new. Baudemagus was interviewed at the time and confirmed another witness's account of the writing on the wall.
"Death to the evil ones," said Don under his breath. "This Pastiche is one cracked character."
Don came to the report about the fire. Arson was claimed but never proven. The fire department kept it contained. A photo of what the police called an "out building" showed a few black timbers in front of the Hundred Acre Wood. Don recognized the spot where the garden now stood. He found a hand written notation that Ronald Pastiche had been committed to a state institution for evaluation.
Don tucked the file under his arm, locked the cabinet and shut up the barn. Gloria had not returned so Don put the file in the car and walked around the old property: Drinkwater land for four generations.
Don hiked up the hillside. The steep orchard led to a dense young forest with a few massive fir trees towering over it. The sky above showed fast moving clouds and sharp blue sky. The apple trees and the low forest stood bare of leaves. A few pieces of overripe fruit hung from the twisted branches.
The bones of November, thought Don. Arthritic fingers. He gravitated toward a dilapidated apple tree full of tiny insect holes in the soft wood of fallen branches. He liked the touch of stark beauty it gave to late autumn.
Don found a faint deer trail leading up to a copse of whip thin saplings and discovered some recent sign. He crouched down in the tall grass. Winter birds called to each other. He saw a male Cardinal flit to a tree with a few leftover fruits hanging. A jay screeched and careened toward the saplings. A small doe poked its head out of the trees and moved with stilt-legged caution toward the apple trees.
Don crouched lower and watched it as two fawns followed it into the open. He breathed in the scent around him, ran the coarse grass between his fingers and felt grateful to be alive.
After a few minutes his position reminded him of the stakeout and his hypothermia.
But what about the fear, my waking or half sleeping dream and all the time that went by? he wondered. Hypothermia was quick: it killed in about twenty minutes. Why didn't I tell the doctor the rest? he thought and suddenly became uneasy in this quiet place.
The wind sprang up in the wrong direction. The doe raised its head and smelled him. The white flags went up and the deer jumped off into the forest. Don stood up and stared after them. A cloud obscured the sun, seeming to drop the temperature ten degrees.
Typical fall weather, he thought, chilled through his quilted work shirt.
"Someone's walking on a grave." He garbled the fishwife's saying. The apple trees didn't seem so benign suddenly. The dilapidated one reminded him of scary trees in some silly children's book.
"Lions and tigers and bears, oh my," he said and tugged at his cap. "All I need now is a bolt of lightning."
A massive cloud shadow passed over him as he turned and started down the hill. He glanced up at it with a tight smile.
"I didn't really mean it," he said. "And now I'm talking to myself again."
When he reached the car he turned and looked around. Heavy clouds drifted in over the top of the hill.
Maybe it's the change of weather, maybe it's just me, but something isn't right, he thought as he got into the car.
It seemed to drive itself to the Snow farm.

Chapter 19
Don's windshield wipers couldn't keep up with the rain. He pulled off the road once to let a logging truck get further ahead and once because he couldn't see. The storm drains backed up quickly. Rushing streamlets crossed the road at the bottom of the hills and sprayed down the sides as he climbed. He thought to call in, but wasn't ready to speak to Robert the Third. The rain thundered on the roof of the car as he managed a hefty five miles an hour through town. The townspeople watched the storm from shop windows. One man ran toward his car. Don saw the newspaper he held over his head turn to mush. The Crown Victoria crawled up the hill in a line of cars led by a yellow town dump truck.
Don took the turn on Forest Road, receiving a loud wave of water from an SUV and completely missed the driveway. He put on the brakes, pulled over, put the car in reverse and backed up until he could see the long driveway full of shallow puddles. The rain running down the passenger window turned the house into a white blur. Don put on the brakes and tried to see through the window glass. The front door stood wide open.
Don pulled into the driveway, grabbed his holstered gun from the glove compartment and ran toward the house. He burst through the open front door.
"It's me, Don!" he yelled.
Sarah was in her mother's embrace. Boyd held a lamp stand like a baseball bat. The back door stood open.
"That horrible man was in the house!" yelled Ellen. "He ran out the back!"
Don ran past Boyd, out the door into the torrent of rain.
"Halt!" yelled Don at a figure entering the trees at a run.
Don held his holstered gun in one hand and picked up speed. The rain splashing on his face blinded him. He wiped his eyes.
Speed, he thought. He's old. I'll catch him from behind.
Don stopped at the tree line.
"What the hell? He's gone!"
Don took out his gun and dropped the holster. The weapon felt heavy and slippery. Don tried to remember the last time he held it, but couldn't.
What if I have to shoot? he thought, realizing it wasn't loaded.
"Good move," he muttered. It didn't stop him.
Don moved quietly. Rain penetrated everything. Don's hat soaked through first and the brim dripped water like a leaky faucet. His lined work shirt and jeans turned heavy. He tried to wipe his face with a sleeve, but it was like wiping himself with a wet sponge.
He stopped to get his bearings. He had only been in the big trees once or twice before as a kid. He remembered feeling amazed and more than a little intimidated. He also remembered his dream at the stakeout. Sweat trickled down his back.
Damn it, I'm wearing cotton again, my guns unloaded and if I get hypothermia again the Chief will take this investigation away from me, he thought.
Don shivered, vowed to buy all synthetic clothes and tried to adjust his eyes to the gloom. Even without leaves the trees blocked the light.
He could be hiding behind any of these trunks, thought Don.
He began to move in a less predictable pattern toward the center of the wood. The faint sound of sirens gave him courage. His squishing work boots found an old path. He surveyed it as far ahead as he could see, which was to the next wide trunk, stepped off the trail and followed along by walking around the bordering trees.
He came to the edge of a clearing. A thin figure stood near a huge old stump holding a long sword in a two handed fighter's stance.
Don leveled the forty-five.
"Police!" Don said. "Put down the sword!"
The sword lowered quickly. The tip hit the ground hard.
Don stepped into the clearing to find a man wearing a blue Macintosh and soft rain hat. Only his chin was visible. The gloom made him seem like a shadow. He leaned on the hilt of the sword.
"Ronald Pastiche, you are under arrest. You have the right.."
"I'm William Baudemagus. Detective Warner, isn't it?"
"Turn around and put your hands on your head," barked Don.
The antique dealer let the sword fall to the ground and put his hands up. Don approached cautiously, patted the man down with one hand and picked up the sword. He grunted at the weight of the thing and barely made out the ornate hilt set with a stone of some kind. He understood why the old man had to use two hands to raise it. Don tossed it away from them and scanned the clearing.
A black puddle filled the campfire. He spotted the sleeping bag in the hollow trunk.
"Camping?" asked Don.
"May I put my hands down, Detective Warner?"
"Yes. Go ahead."
Don kept the forty-five trained on the antique dealer. He hoped the darkness kept the old man from seeing that he had the safety on.
No bullets anyway, thought Don.
"This is Ronald Pastiche's campsite," said the old man. "I came here looking for him and found this sword. It is an old family heirloom and it's mine. He stole it from my shop several days ago. I wanted it back and deduced that he would be in these woods. When I heard you coming I took it out and prepared to defend myself."
"Why didn't you report the theft?"
"Ronald and I have a long history, Detective. I thought I could reason with him."
"But by your own account he's a madman."
"Who has never been known to hurt another living being," said Baudemagus.
"Then why were you preparing to defend yourself?"
"A precaution, of course," said the antique dealer.
Don couldn't think of anything else to say. He wondered at the antique dealer's use of the word 'living,' then heard a faint call in the distance over the hiss of the rain.
"The clearing!" he yelled.
The two men stood there and waited until Belden Drinkwater entered the clearing wearing his uniform raincoat and holding a shotgun.
"Belden," said Baudemagus. "Would you please ask your Detective here to put away his gun?"
Drinkwater moved close to the man in the blue Mac.
"William? What are you doing here?"
"Recovering my sword and looking for Ronald Pastiche. Your detective disarmed and interrogated me most efficiently, but I'm afraid I'm not the perpetrator of whatever crime he's committed now."
"He broke into Ellen Lake's house," said the Chief.
Baudemagus took a step forward.
"Did he damage the statue?"
"No. The family came home as he was breaking in. He ran."
"Chief, how do we know it wasn't Baudemagus? He offered Ellen Lake ten thousand dollars and she refused."
"Sarah Lake gave me a description. William doesn't fit it. Put the gun away."
Don lowered the gun, wishing he hadn't ditched his holster. The Chief held something out to him. He took the holster and slipped the weapon in. From what Don could discern from the Chief's expression, they were going to have another conversation about the regulation wearing of ordinance when on duty.
"Come with us," said the Chief. "I understand you know this madman better than anyone. We can talk at the Lake house. Then we'll give you a ride to your car. It's on Sewell, isn't it?"
The old man nodded and moved toward the sword.
"We must keep that for evidence. You know the drill. Please make a report and it will be returned sooner."
Don watched the antique dealer's long fingers twitch on his right hand, but he only nodded again and started down the path.
The Chief signaled Don to pick up the sword. He found he had to carry the heavy weapon over his shoulder like a rifle. Don noticed that the Chief held his shotgun too casually. He knew the Chief could fire it accurately from one hand, and also knew the Chief's adamant rules of gun handling. So why was the barrel pointed a little too close to Baudemagus's back? Don started to say something, got it, and closed his mouth.
Even the Chief thinks this case is too weird to take chances, he thought.
They followed the antique dealer back to the farm. Before they came to the house, the Chief whispered to Don, took the sword and then went in to interview Ellen Lake by himself.

Chapter 20
Don followed Baudemagus into the summer kitchen that was now more of a mud room. Wooden clothing pegs lined one wall. A jumble of boots leaned precariously against one screened wall. Don never quite took his attention off the old man as he took off his own sodden work shirt, hung it on a peg, rung out his jeans near his shoes, and saw that his inside shirt wasn't dripping. Don squished his sneakers but didn't take them off.
To the detective, it didn't seem like the antique dealer was even slightly perturbed by the evening's events. He had been wearing an ancient pair of goulashes over black shoes and they seemed to have worked. He took off his hat he watched the old man take off his expensive Macintosh. The way the man straightened the cuffs of his dress shirt, fluffed his bow tie and brushed up his gray butch with two fingers, made Don wonder if maybe this vain old man could be harmless after all.
Baudemagus became aware of the detective's clandestine scrutiny and smiled at him.
"What was it the man said? It's better to look good than feel good. At my age that's so true and nearly impossible."
The self-depreciating smile that should have won Don over sent a wave of frozen stillness into him instead. The image of the old man standing in the clearing holding a sword in a fighter's stance came unbidden into Don's mind. And he remembered that his research had placed Baudemagus at least at the age of eighty. He wasn't even out of breath. Don looked into dark, amused eyes, and suddenly thought he saw himself as the old man saw him: a boy pretending to be a man. Don remembered his fear at the stake-out, forgetting to take his gun that first time, the Chief handing him the holster, how foolish he felt around Ellen Lake. Don stared down at the floor.
No damn bullets. Boy, have I screwed up, he thought.
Don glanced up. The old antique dealer opened the door, gestured, raised one eyebrow.
"After you, officer," he said.
Don took a step, stopped, took off his wet ball cap, and tossed it up on the same peg as his work shirt.
"No, sir, please enter ahead of me," Don said in his best cop voice.
Baudemagus's lips compressed, eyebrows lowered. He bowed his head slightly.
"As you wish," he said and entered the house.
Skinny old man, thought Don. Scary skinny old man.
Don followed to find the big pine table set with a triangular white table cloth, coffee cups, spoons, a sugar bowl and creamer. The bright halogens in the tulip light over the table lit everything in brightness. Out the picture window, Don saw the back of Mercer's head. The Chief and Boyd were already sitting at benches. The Chief gestured for Baudemagus to sit on the bench to the left. Don sat down across from Baudemagus and next to Boyd. For the first few moments everyone busied themselves with the ritual of hot coffee and tea. Boyd sipped a Coke.
Don kept his attention on the two older men. The Chief smiled at Boyd. Don had not seen that smile in years. The boy peeked around Don's chest. His small face held a frown, face scrunched. He seemed to be pushing up on the underside of the table with both hands. Don wondered at the wisdom of having Boyd present, but this was the Chief's show. He assumed Sarah was in her room with Ellen. A moment later Ellen came out and helped Sarah to the couch. She seemed to be limping with one stiff leg. Ellen quickly covered her up with a blanket and kissed her on the forehead. As she walked toward the men they all pretended to be drinking, but Don saw how they all watched her graceful movements as she came over and sat down on the other side of Boyd. Ellen caught his eye. She put her hand on Boyd's shoulder. He flinched. Don saw the Chief frowning at them.
"Is the coffee okay?" she asked.
Everyone murmured or nodded.
"William? Is the tea okay?"
"Yes, dear lady. Thank you."
"How is she?" asked the Chief.
Ellen sighed. "This has knocked her for a loop. You have a copy of the restraining order, Chief. This has been her safe place, you know, and now it's gone. We must catch this nut or we will have to leave. I want you to take this statue to the police station. If that's all he's after then he should leave us alone."
"We will take it as evidence," said the Chief. "Patrolman Mercer has a pick up truck. It will be gone by morning."
"Thank you."
"My offer still stands," said Baudemagus. "I do not fear Ronald Pastiche."
Ellen examined the table.
"Thank you. But it's a police matter now."
Baudemagus turned his black eyes on the Chief and leaned forward.
"Belden: Ronald will not raid the police station. He has spent too many years in institutions to risk that again. Therefore, you will not catch him. If you allow me to purchase the statue, it will infuriate Ronald and then we can trap him. Your dogs and State Police will not locate him."
"That's a courageous offer," said the Chief. "It is something to consider. But for now I would like to hear first hand about Ronald Pastiche and these statues." The Chief placed a small recorder on the table. "You don't mind if we record this, William? For the record."
Everyone turned to Baudemagus. He showed us his gold tooth again, said, "Not at all," and then began to speak. He told essentially the same story about Pastiche that he had told before. His voice droned. Boyd remained restless at Don's side.
"So the sword is the same one he defaced the other statue with so many years ago?" asked Chief Drinkwater at the end of the story.
"Yes," said Baudemagus.
"And he stole it from your shop and you didn't report it?"
"That is correct."
"Where does the sword come from?" asked the Chief.
"No one really knows. My ancestor, another Baudemagus, lived in Wales in the sixteen hundreds. He was a wealthy merchant and purchased this sword from a wandering soldier. Or so the family legend goes. The dragon is supposed to be the mark of the Pendragon, the family of King Arthur. But its manufacture is much too late to actually be any such thing. Arthur was alive in the fifth century if he was alive at all, and the workmanship is typically medieval, not post Roman."
"But it is valuable?" asked Don.
"It is literally priceless, and has been in my family for generations. The gem is quite real."
"Yet you gave it to Ronald Pastiche?"
"Actually, I lied. He stole it both times. But he seemed to be in enough trouble."
"Why did he steal it?"
"He thought it was Excalibur."
"I see. And you thought you could get it away from him by yourself?"
"I did. It was a calculated strategy, but the last time the police became involved I didn't see my sword again for three years." Baudemagus regarded the Chief directly. "By the way, where is the sword?"
"Why, right over there," said the Chief, turning to the living room.
All eyes followed. Sarah held the huge cloth- wrapped sword with both hands, holding it across her arms gingerly. Her color rose as she walked toward the table with her head tilted down. Her unbound brown hair framed her face in faint blond highlights and kept her expression hidden to everyone but the Chief. Sarah kept her eyes on him. He kept his eyes on her and nodded slightly. Sarah approached and held out the sword.
Baudemagus sat back slowly, folding his arms across his chest. The Chief unwrapped the hilt. The green gem dragon eye showed its deep color in the bright lights. The burnished dragon snaked along the hilt. Wings set in flight spread from the curve of the long torso all the way around the hilt and ended in an arrowhead shape at the guard. Everyone stared. Boyd gasped.
"Sarah is this the sword you saw on Ronald Pastiche?"
Sarah kept her eyes on the Chief rather than the old man. She continued to hide her big brown eyes in the frame of hair. Her voice came low. Everyone strained to hear.
"No, sir. The one I saw had a plain metal handle with some kind of a milky crystal at the top."
"How do you know this?" asked the Chief.
"It was visible in a scabbard on his back. I saw it as he turned to run. His face scared me, and so did the sword. But he didn't try to hurt me."
The Chief took Sarah's hand and brought up her chin with his finger. She tolerated the touch. "Thank you," he said.
Ellen came over and put her arm around her. Sarah kept her eyes on the floor. Boyd moved closer to Don, pushing harder on the underside of the table. Ellen took Sarah back to the couch as the Chief tapped on the window.
Mercer turned and peered through and the Chief signaled him to come in.
"Do you have anything to say, William?" he asked.
"The young lady is mistaken." He stood up. "If you wish to arrest me for something please do it now. Otherwise, I intend to leave. I am not fond of theatrics."
The Chief and Baudemagus locked eyes. Don saw the Chief's jaw start to stiffen. The Chief seemed to catch it and relax. His eyes broke away for a moment. No arm breaking today.
Mercer came in the back door and stood on the mat, dripping.
"Take Mister Baudemagus to his car," said the Chief. Then he regarded the antique dealer again. His expression said that he'd given the man a fair chance to confess.
"Don't leave town."
Baudemagus nodded stiffly and cocked his head at Ellen.
"Thank you for the tea," he said and went to put on his rain apparel.
The Chief waited until he heard the cruiser back out of the driveway. He stood up holding the wrapped sword. The green gem of the dragon's eye winked through a tear in the cloth.
How could it be so old and yet be so well preserved? wondered Don.
"Why did he lie?" asked Ellen.
"Thank you for your help," said the Chief, "but this is a police matter now. We will deal with William Baudemagus. Mercer and Smithson will take the statue in an hour or so and give you a receipt."
Don saw the Chief to the door.
"Better come with me, son," warned the Chief in a quiet voice.
"I'll be along," said Don, facing the Chief squarely.
"I see," said the Chief. "I see."
Their eyes connected for a moment longer. Chief Drinkwater frowned deeply, placed the wrapped sword under one arm, opened the door and stepped out.
Don stood at the door for a moment, took a step forward and stopped.
What is there to say? he wondered and walked back into the main part of the house.
Boyd still sat at the table. He let out a long sigh and placed a big butcher knife on the thick pine.
"Boyd!" said Ellen.
He stared at her. His chin jutted out.
"No one will harm us again, Mom," he said. "That old man is a liar. He was going to have a sword fight, wasn't he?"
Sarah began to cry. Ellen went to her.
It's okay, honey," said Ellen with Sarah in her arms. Ellen found Don's eyes over her daughter's shoulder.
"Come tomorrow for dinner?"
Don nodded and regarded Boyd. The boy still had his chin out, but the violet eyes in his young face started to fill with water.
"Are you okay?" asked Don.
Boyd nodded, not daring to speak. Don squatted down next to Boyd.
"We'll catch him. You take care of things here," he said.
Boyd moved an inch closer to Don, glanced back toward his sister and frowned. She wasn't crying now and had turned to stare at her brother. Don guessed the meaning of the communication when Boyd didn't move any closer, although Don could feel his need for comfort like the need for heat on a cold day. He couldn't blame him for it. It had to be hard to trust again. Don dared to touch his arm, but left it at that. Someone knocked on the door.
Mercer stepped in from the summer kitchen and waited.
"I'll be back," said Don, and headed toward Mercer.
Yellow rain gear covered his blues without disguising his huge belly. His face seemed more bloated than usual and the broken veins in his nose stood out. Out in the summer kitchen Mercer favored Don with a nasty smile.
"Hey wonder boy. I hear the old man outran you. What's he, eighty-five? Great stuff. You're still a pussy, wonder boy. Did you even have your gun?"
Don sighed. "Take care of these people, Mercer. Okay?"
"Better than you, pussy boy," said Mercer.
Don hesitated. Maybe he should stay. Mercer had no social skills whatever. But then Ellen did teach sixth grade. The Chief was waiting. Mercer would be staying outside. He talked himself into the car.

Sometime later, Ellen answered a knock. The cold wind came in without rain. Patrolman Mercer and another man stood there. Ellen made it clear from her grip on the door that they weren't coming in. She didn't like the way he looked at her under his professional facade. She knew a woman hater when she met one. And this one would hate the beautiful ones even more.
"Mrs. Lake, this is Barry Persons. He is affiliated with the State Police and is a dog handler."
The dog handler stood dressed in the North Country uniform of worn steel-toed work boots, dungarees, plaid work shirt and a filthy billed cap with a Cat logo. A weak chin, heavily lined face, bad teeth and small eyes made him some close relative of Mercer's.
"The dogs scents around the yard, then we search the forest. Do not let the kids into the crime scene or the forest," said Mercer.
"Certainly," she said, waiting.
The two men turned away and she began to shut the door.
"Cold bitch," said one of the men under his breath. The other one laughed.
Ellen slammed the door hard.
"Drunks," she said. "I hope they fall in a hole."
Boyd stood in the kitchen behind her.
"What did you say, Mom?"
"I said the police are so sensitive to our problems."
Boyd watched her as if he expected a punch line. When he didn't get one he continued making a sandwich on the butcher block.
Ellen watched her son thoughtfully. He had contained himself throughout this ordeal.
But is that a good thing? she wondered, biting her lower lip. And should Don have encouraged him in the role of protector? What kind of trouble can he get into? But maybe it will help him. Oh God, I hope so. I'll just have to make sure he doesn't take any real chances.
Ellen spotted the butcher knife on the block near Boyd's hand. She stared at it, trying to think of what to say that would help keep him safe. Boyd seemed to be going about the mundane task of putting mayonnaise in his sandwich with more than normal attention. For the first time she wondered how often Boyd anticipated her little lectures.
The phone rang. Both of them jumped and grinned a little sheepishly. Ellen answered, hoping it was Don.
"How are you?" he asked.
"Better," she said.
"Mercer is a difficult person," said Don. "I just wanted to warn you that he's rough on everyone, especially Mercer."
"We just had a conversation," said Ellen. "He's not as frightening as Baudemagus or this Pastiche, though."
"He'll protect you, Ellen, or he'll answer to me and the Chief."
"Thank you."
"I've got to go. The Chief just buzzed me. See you tomorrow."
Ellen hung up and thought about her wounded little family.
Don Warner might be just the treatment, she thought, and with the statue gone soon, we can start again. At least Daryl is not in this.
Ellen stared out the window over the sink. The sky remained low and dark, without rain. The huge trees made a solid shadow and the decimated maples seemed like giant cripples on some odd street corner. She felt the hugeness of the forest; it's weight pushed on her. She could not help but think that it held some secret: the graves of nine men, the real story of Ronald Pastiche and William Baudemagus.
"I wanted to be bound up in folklore and now it threatens my family. Be careful what you wish for," she thought. "I should have sold that damn statue."
"I have to pee, mommy," said Sarah.
My twelve-year-old two-year-old," thought Ellen and went to her.

Chapter 21
The top of the first maple had rotted three feet deep. Ronald Pastiche wedged his body into the small space. His boots filled with silt and his knees sloshed water. He crouched as low as possible. His teeth began to chatter even as he tried to clamp them. He began to curse quietly in long chains of complicated sounds. Then he breathed deeply and started again, but this time they came out in a different, very old language. Pastiche was not even aware that he spoke it. Somehow it stopped the chatters. He saw the dogs go by with the State Police and the handler. The farmhouse tantalized him with its lights and promise of warmth. But he couldn't move yet. The stillness required sent him to a place he feared for its painful familiarity.
He stood in a field. Silence floated about him on tendrils of thick fog. A moan came from the gray, then a movement. Something flashed; he staggered; his face opened to the bone. He responded. His sword bit and came away.
"Ah," said Ronald Pastiche, high in the tree.
His face ached.

Chapter 22
"Detective Warner," said the Chief.
Don did not sit. The men faced each other across the desk. It didn't matter that the Chief was six inches shorter than his young detective. His anger filled the entire room.
"A word to the wise, remember, Detective?"
Don didn't try to say anything and didn't turn away from the Chief. The Chief blew air out of his lungs like a winded horse. He searched the desk with his eyes.
What is he looking for? wondered Don.
"You have committed an offense that requires termination. Do you understand that? You violated a direct order to call for backup in this case."
"Yes, sir."
"You admit it?"
"No, sir. I have not had time to write a report. But my initial suspicion was caused by the fact that the farmhouse door was open during that heavy rainstorm. It seemed foolish for me to call it in. It was a yellow light, Chief and then it became a red light very quickly. I think, sir, that I misjudged rather than was insubordinate, sir."
Don clamped his mouth shut. The Chief stared at his desk again, frowning. Don suddenly knew what the Chief was searching for: a cigar.
The Chief rubbed his eyebrows and shook his head. The muscles in his jaw clenched and unclenched. Don wanted the Chief to start yelling. It would be good for the others to hear his voice booming down the hall. Robert the Third might find some sympathy for Don then. Robert had just been dressed down for listening in on conversations. He blamed Don for reporting him. But everyone knew this bad habit of Robert's.
Don blinked when the Chief leaned on the desk and closed his eyes, giving up the search for the cigar and whatever else that wasn't there.
What is this? thought Don, remembering the shaking hands, and when was the last time the Chief had a good old-fashioned Iron Man Drinkwater tantrum? Is the Chief sick or something? he wondered.
Don's mind couldn't encompass the thought, or even begin to find words for it.
"This time you saved the fair damsel," said the Chief with a long sigh. "Next time we help you. This case has gotten too strange for you or me to handle alone. If I decide to continue this case, we work strictly as a team. Get it?"
"Yes, Chief. "And let me just say..."
"Don't bother. I hate insincere apologies."
"Yes, sir."
The Chief stood straight, eyes boring into Don. Don knew what the Chief wanted to say. He could see the jaw muscle working, the worried expression. But he knew the Chief wasn't going to even mention Ellen Lake - just as Don wasn't going to ask after Ironman Drinkwater's health.
The Chief stared down at his hands. They stayed still. Then he looked up as his detective.
"Baudemagus's sword was the one taken back in the fifties, but no record exists as to where it went from there," said the Chief. "Then Baudemagus shows up with it. Now we know there are two swords. That's not all. His story has some holes. Delia tells me there is no record of a family named Pastiche ever having lived in this town. I mean tax records, birth certificates etc. However the farm shows up in the records as being leased to Ronald Pastiche. The wood was never owned by Pastiche. There is no way he could have had any practical designs where the trees were concerned. In fact, he may not have even been a sculptor."
"So the whole story about the life sized castle was just Bushwa?" asked Don.
"Could be."
"Someone mentioned that you might arrest Baudemagus on a weapons charge?"
"You mean Robert the Third told you this?"
"I didn't say that, Chief."
Belden Drinkwater shook his head and stared down. His hands lay there, splayed on the desk.
"We aren't going to worry about it, Don," he said. He seemed to be speaking to himself.
Don didn't have a rejoinder. He's being too reasonable, thought Don. He thought of Ellen and the kids. The kids will be safe once the statue is gone, he decided. And I can concentrate on solving the mystery.
"Let's go look at the sword," said Chief Drinkwater.
They left the office and moved down a dark hallway to the evidence room. The Chief had the key. He opened it and flipped the switch. Florescent lights hung low in the center of three rows of metal shelves that crowded the room. The two men barely fit down the first aisle.
The sword leaned against the first shelf. The Chief picked it up and held it under the light. Both men tried to examine it without blocking the light. Don had not seen the Chief at this range recently and was surprised to see that his mentor's skin was starting to hang. Is that the beginning of a wattle on his neck? He wondered. And the lines around his eyes have deepened. He's breathing funny and needs mints. It's even overpowering that damned cologne. Don got it suddenly. He's not yelling at me because of something the doctor said.
He knew of the Chief's plan for Don to replace him. For the first time it seemed possible, and dismaying.
Nah, he thought. The Chief is immortal.
They stared at the sword for a long minute.
Don held his hand out. The Chief handed it over. He hefted the heavy sword, his eyes taking in the hilt with the large green stone that made the dragon's eyes. The stone held light and depth. Don stared into it and thought of his old nightmare again.
This case keeps bringing it back, he realized. Here is the dragon on the hilt of this sword, the fairy tale dragon. What did Belden call Ellen? The fair damsel. But in my dream I just fall and fall. I never get to the fair damsel. And I'm still afraid of the dark. What a thing for a grown man! So I became a cop so I could arrest the night? Oh boy. And I thought I had some rational reason. He pulled his attention away from the gem with a start. "What am I thinking? This is silly.
"This thing is incredible," said Don. "You wouldn't think an old man like Baudemagus could hold this monster out so steadily even with both hands. But he did. It must weigh close to twenty pounds."
"Twenty two and half. I weighed it," said Chief Drinkwater.
Don handed the sword back to the Chief. He leaned it against the shelf.
"He was either going to fight Pastiche or talk to him," said Don. "I lean toward fight. The campsite must have belonged to Ronald Pastiche. Pastiche is supposed to be the one who is crazy. But hate is crazy, isn't it? They obviously hate each other. I just get this image of two old guys hacking each other to death."
The Chief shrugged.
"Maybe, but let's keep our minds open, and you check out the history of this sword," said the Chief. "Find out anything you can. It's obviously old. Let's get someone who knows about these things. We can use an expert as a reality check. William lies a bit too much. We will have to travel for that one."
"We don't have to. We can do it all on line with our handy dandy digital camera and the help of Delia," said Don.
"Okay. I'll leave that to you. I'm still using the electric typewriter."
"Yes, sir."
The Chief led the way out and locked the door. Side-by-side, they walked toward the front of the building. The chief wasn't breathing right. Don wanted to ask him if he was okay, but didn't know how.
The men stood in front of the Chief's office. The Chief put one hand on the doorknob, the other squeezed Don's bicep. It hurt. They both knew it, but Don didn't let it register.
"My young Detective," said the Chief, locking eyes.
The strength lessened. Don felt the Chief's weight on him, as if he might be holding the Chief up. Don felt huge suddenly; a giant next to the small man. The feeling vanished into further bicep pain.
"There is just so much rope before there is a hanging. I'm keeping you going on this one for now. Get me?" he said.
"Yes, Chief. I'll get going on it."
You had better."
The Chief let go and opened the door. He turned back and his gaze made Don uneasy.
Ellen Lake," he said at last.
Don remained silent. The Chief went in and shut the door. Don stood in the hallway as the pain faded in his arm. He refused to rub it.
"I know, but it's too late," he said to the door. "I'm in love with her."
He knew it meant the end of the Chief's dream for him. Don knew all the about the town's religious conservative Police Commissioner.

Chapter 23
William Baudemagus stood on the porch of his house looking out over the lake. He wore a lounging robe of velvet, lined and warm, with wide sleeves. The November wind coming out of the Northeast blew through it. A slight shiver passed through the old man's body. His thin fingers held his bony wrists within the sleeves. He liked the cold and knew it well.
Baudemagus surveyed his kingdom: A bay of dancing wind on water, leafless hills beyond, a view of the town docks and oblong buildings in the distance, his immaculate, if browning lawn set with two gray stone gargoyles facing the lake over a stone sea wall. Two willows, marking the borders of his shoreline, hung tendrils over the water. He stood framed by white pillars above the sloping lawn. Behind him the house grew dark.
The old man took a deep breath. I have meditated, he thought, but this sadness won't leave me. I have worked so hard and lived so long for what? So that some small town muscle bound midget can take my sword away and humiliate me in front of a beautiful woman? And I have to deal with a cripple. In the old days we'd have put him out for the animals. And I can smell the rot of Pastiche in this. No matter what I do, that one is there. Why can't they leave me alone? They can't win. But this Belden Drinkwater knows something. He's clever, an adversary. But he doesn't respect me at all. "That is his fatal flaw," said Baudemagus into the wind. It took his words away as a tight smile curved his lips. "He has no idea what this is about. And that young cop, his protégé, he watches me like I'm a poisonous snake. But they don't see, can't see, even though the young one has intuition. Maybe he's the Champion. Why can't I see that? Mydrrin, you old fool, you thought obscuring the champion would give them an advantage. It hasn't. The young cop fears me, and I can use that. Oh yes."
Baudemagus's smile widened right into the might of the wind. The ache of November chilled him further, icing his fingers: a sensation he enjoyed. The faint scent of rot came to him. He saw a light fog crossing the water. "So, you have come," he said. "The Sihda are weak. Dreams and illusions are all you have left. The old forests are gone. Now you are here in the new world, and these forests are almost gone. Your magic fades. You could not even scare away the young cop. But you will still do my bidding. These people are modern and therefore naïve about the real world. They won't even know when it happens. They've never even heard of you or an Dudlachd, the black month. They have a thing called Halloween now. It's not even on the right date. They have it before November first. It's all garbled. The children dress in costumes. No one comes to the deep forest to celebrate the lifting of the magical fog that keeps you imprisoned. But we still have thirty-one days. I will need it all to build enough True Magic to make the transition. You will take back his soul and imprison it, as you have with so many others. They'll never know," he said.
His lips curved downward, deepening the lines of his face. The wind chilled him deeply then. The increased scent of sweet decay made his nostrils flare.
"No one will ever know. All real knowing is gone!" Baudemagus yelled.
The scent faded out as the fog drifted away. Baudemagus's words floated on the air as an ancient lament.

Chapter 24
Don parked the unmarked in the small dirt drive, went through the back door, into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, juggled cheese, a loaf of oatmeal bread and a jar of mustard to the counter and started making a sandwich. He looked over at the wood stove, chided himself for not getting in any wood and went to turn up the thermostat, dripping mustard from the table knife the entire way. The furnace roared to life.
Don recalled his first view of the large ranch that had been built to look like a rustic cabin. The six-year-old walked among the boxes, through the small bedrooms, full kitchen, living room, bathroom with a shower, deck and, on the lake, an old tumbled down dock. He remembered Dad's winterizing program that took five years. Don still remembered what it said on the shiny insulation he stared at night after night: Johns Mansville.
Don stood in the window for a minute and gazed out at the bay, thinking about the boy he once was: The boy who loved the smell of this lake, the feel of wind and the sight of boats bobbing on the surface.
"Take me in a boat, Dad. Please, Dad."
"Sure, son," said Grant Warner.
But Grant Warner never took Don in a boat or even swimming. He worked and he worked. That's all. He was the town's only TV repairman and liked local politics.
Don shook his head.
I got out on the lake anyway, he thought.
He cross-country skied on it in winter, canoed and swam long distances in the summer. The lake had a deep life of old wrecks, islands, fish schools in clear water and legends in its thousand bays. It had a temper, too, as Don had seen when the wind out of the North whipped up tall whitecaps in the broads and the occasional body washed up on Rattlesnake Island. He never tried to cross any of the big bays or the broads unless he had a completely placid day. Even then it had to be early in the season because motor boaters brought no manners and didn't mind swamping a canoe. The tourists never seemed to learn that the lake was dangerous.
Don came away from the window, finished making his sandwich, slapped it on a plate, grabbed a bottle of Luknow and took the whole feast out onto the deck. He put the plate and beer down on a peeling umbrella table, sat down in a deck chair, pulled his thick work shirt closed and pulled the brim of his LPD cap down to his eyebrows. The chair made him slouch back. Don let his hands hang and his chin fall to his chest as he watched the bay and the haze-filtered hills beyond. The water smelled fresh and free of boat exhaust. The wind came up. He drew in his hands and put them under his armpits, while he watched the bare branches of shorelines trees swaying. Riffles and counter rifles struck and whirled on the water.
No one came to the lake in November. Don wished for more warmth and a calm day so he could glide and think. Now was the best and most dangerous time to canoe. Nobody sane would be on the water. But Don was not at all sure of his own sanity at the moment.
At least I have the silence, he thought, dismissing with finality the idea of getting out the canoe.
The graceful curve of the hills settled into twilight. Most of the mansions across the bay stayed dark. A few were year round homes. Don knew that Baudemagus's place was one of the lights.
That skinny old man, he thought and shifted in the chair. That scary old man.
The twilight lost its peace. Don mulled the case over until it began to make his stomach churn. He almost stood up and went inside, but caught himself.
I'm not working now, he thought. Think of something else.
He focused his attention on the lights coming on in the town on the bay. He could see the outline of the docks, park and band shell. The entrance to Back Bay remained in shadow. The rear of the four story buildings facing the bay showed many windows. The buildings were part of the eighteen nineties. Two church spires rose above them.
Don brought his mind back to the deck and found himself staring at his own work boot. A black smudge marred the toe. He tried to rub it off, but it seemed to be dried paint. It reminded him of Baudemagus's eyes.
It's no good, he thought. I can't stop thinking about it all.
Don sighed, sat up straighter, opened the beer, took a long swallow of the raw local concoction and set about eating his sandwich as the temperature dropped and his fingers cooled. When he was done he heaved himself up, clomped into the house, cleaned up and began aimlessly wandering around the rooms.
Invariably he wound up in his old room. He slept most nights in his parent's bedroom since it held a huge queen size bed. And he liked to keep his childhood in his room, like a one kid museum. Don stared at his poster of Michael Jackson on the wall and tried to remember the little boy who liked it. His eyes took in the low shelves that held two baseballs, three Frisbees (one cracked) a broken paddle, an old deflated football, a box with his comic book collection, some books relatives gave him that he never read, and a collection of video games he never played anymore. Don picked up a photo of the Chief holding up a big lake trout.
"The Chief looks about the same now," he mumbled, shaking his head. He eyes glanced over the framed photo of his Mom. Neither walls nor shelves held anything from his Dad. Don recalled the act of throwing out the toys his mother had really given him and the one photo his mother had insisted stay on the wall.
You never noticed, did you, Dad? Because you never came into my room, he thought. Thank God for the Chief.
Don moved all the way into the room and sprawled on the twin bed with his hands behind his back. A poster of Michael Jordan graced the ceiling. It curled a little at the ends but never fell. Don seemed to be gazing beyond it.
I'm not like you Dad, he thought. I take time to play and I pay attention to people. I'm not like you at all. Maybe I should call them. Mom will talk to me, at least. He didn't move. Instead he chewed his lower lip and thoughts of Ellen flooded his mind.
How beautiful is she? Yikes. She has two kids that have made some kind of pact to keep me out. Ellen is thirty-five and I'm twenty-three. How does that work? Why would I ever want to be with a woman and two kids? It makes no sense to go that way. Since when has love ever made sense? Plus, the Chief isn't looking too good and I have to think about the crazy idea that I'm going to take over for him. But if I get together with Ellen, then I can't because I'm too damn young and the people in the town think Ellen is too secular and divorced. How do I deal with it all?
Don sighed and stared at Michael Jordan.
"How did anyone have such a perfectly shaped head?" he said and thought of a bigger head, not so perfectly shaped: Ronald Pastiche the body part thief.
The churning returned to his stomach. He burped. It didn't help.
How will I do if I have to confront this nut? thought Don. It's not like corralling drunks. How could I ever shoot him?
Don sat up to let his stomach settle. Were those old men really going to have a sword fight? he wondered. And what about King Arthur? How much of a role does this old legend play? Let's see: Merlin prophesied the life of King Arthur, who took the sword from the stone, won a bunch of battles, created the round table. His wife cheated on him with Lancelot and some other knight found the Holy Grail, which was what: the chalice Christ drank from at the last supper? Then his son or nephew betrayed him and they fought a final battle where Mordred and Arthur killed each other, except Arthur lived long enough to tell his knight to throw Excalibur in the water where it was caught by The Lady in the Lake, then Arthur was taken away in a boat by maidens to some island. He will come again at need. Oh yeah, Merlin was trapped in a cave or something by his girlfriend Vivian. I could be missing a lot here. Ellen knows about old myths. Maybe I should call.
He didn't. Gradually, Don slipped down onto the bed. Nonsensical images began to float by.
A dream came: Don paddling across the bay on a warm summer's eve. The air smelled of flowers and the wonderful scent of the big lake itself. His muscles moved smoothly and warmed him. The paddle slid into the water and came back without a splash. The bow cut the water, sending ripples into the calm. His breathing came deep and even. Don lifted and stowed the paddle at the deepest part of the bay off Cate Point. The canoe glided into reflections of scudding clouds and yellow sun. Along the near shore the greening trees made perfect reflections. He took a deep breath; a smile began, grew and stopped as a shadow fell. Goosebumps traveled up his arm, down his back. He saw a dark cloud, tried to see down into the depths. Greenish water stayed clear until sunlight broke against the sunless depths, shafting down into darkness before fading into impenetrable blackness.
Don's eyebrows rose. He balanced carefully, leaned over the side, and tried to see into the darkness. Something in the black moved: something light colored. It floated up from the black into the shafts of light, shifted into shadow, light, disappeared, reappeared. The light itself seemed to move, grow sides like a long crystal flashing. Don leaned closer, concentrated, bent over the side just a bit more. A white light rose into pale yellow shafts through the clear water. Don watched it grow, sat back suddenly, rocking the canoe and almost causing it to tip over.
What the hell is that? he asked and leaned forward again.
He saw a woman, fabric, a white gown. Don blinked, shook his head. The fabric billowed as if water could be wind. Dark hair spread out in a watery fan. He stared as his eye focused to sharpen the details: violet eyes, high cheekbones, small, sharp features.
My God, it's Ellen. So pale, he thought.
Don saw the sword held across her body and thought of Viking funerals. The shadow deepened. Don shivered. Swells hit the side of the canoe, but Don didn't move. The figure floated up in a pale light all its own. White hands with thin fingers lifted the wide blade out of the water. Long fingers held a plain hilt.
Not the dragon sword at all! thought Don.
He stared at the sword, at Ellen. A wave splashed over her hands, hit the canoe and he almost lost his balance again. Don steadied the boat, leaned out, stretched his arm. Two feet separated him from the hands holding the sword. He stretched a little further. A wind came up and a wave hit the canoe. He pulled back and the canoe went with him. Don tried to compensate to steady it down as the small boat went over in slow motion, flipping him into what was suddenly cold November water. He fought his shirt from his face, came up gasping, choking, breathless. The waves slapped him. He swallowed water, started to sink, broke the surface to a gray sky, slamming wind.
Don woke in complete darkness; the dream stayed with him. Wind slammed the side of the house. Don could feel the impact through the floor. He always loved that wildness as a kid, but tonight each impact jarred. He threw back the sheets, swung out of bed and checked the doors and windows. His thoughts turned to the old man again. He shivered and flinched as a hard gust hit the house.
"Hell, I didn't get the sword or the girl," he said just to hear his own voice. "Something new and different."
Don padded into the bathroom and took a hot shower, toweled himself off and wiped the mirror.
"There I am," he said to his reflection, "wearing no armor and carrying no sword. My nose is straight, my eyes the same color brown. No zits. I'm not fat or stupid, got all my hair and an interesting job. And I'm in love. In other words: it was just a dream."
Don forced a grin at his reflection. It became genuine.
"Mighty man," he said and made his biceps pop and flexed his chest. Both had been developed to definition by the lake. He remembered flexing in the mirror at twelve and how silly that skinny boy had looked.
Now I really am Mighty Man, he thought. The image of what he must have looked like passing out at Ellen Lake's feet came to him. Mighty mutt more like, he decided, deflated. He padded naked into the other bedroom, flopped into bed and pulled the covers up to his chin. When Don closed his eyes something else came into the space behind his eyes.
Oh no, not you, thought Don.
The headless presence of Jerry Mulligan kept him awake until dawn.

Chapter 25
"Pugh," Delia regarded herself in the mirror. "Your momma is fat, your poppa is fat, your brother is fat and so are you. It's in the genes. Get over it."
What Delia couldn't get over was the super giant cold cut submarine and big gulp she had for dinner. It sat like a rock and slowly ground her guts. It was why she couldn't sleep and found herself standing in the bathroom at the station. Sometimes, when she couldn't sleep at night, she came into work. It was better than watching late night TV alone in her little trailer, or daydreaming about the star of her favorite lawyer show: Ronnie Mochran. Other girls had dates. Other girls had boyfriends. She had Ronnie. She thought of the time her stepfather trapped her in the back of her mother's trailer.
It wasn't at all like the books or movies, thought Delia. It hurt.
Delia stopped looking in the mirror and went out to her terminal. Since Don Warner had shown her how to use the Internet, Delia had been fascinated. She wanted to try the new digital camera and figure out how to post a photo of the sword on the Internet without his help. She knew that handsome Don had been seeing the slim and beautiful Ellen Lake, but she could at least show him how smart she was.
First Delia dialed up and searched the Internet using some key words Don had given her: Excalibur, King Arthur and Pendragon. She found a Knights Templar sword for one hundred and forty-nine dollars made of stainless steel and that was it.
She tried a few Arthurian legends and spent two hours on the Pendragon page, hosted by a former Hell's Angel who thought he was the reincarnation of Arthur. He had the movie version of Excalibur, which turned out to be a four-foot stainless steel broadsword with a crystal at the top of the hilt and a spiral of copper wire to channel mystical energies. The upshot of the inquiry seemed to be that Arthur may or may not have existed as a tribal chieftain between AD 455-470. Nothing more about swords.
Delia decided to take a digital photo of the sword. She stood up and took the key from the board, went to the evidence room, signed out the sword and took it to her desk.
"Beautiful and heavy," she said out loud, tracing the dragon with her finger as she examined the deep green light of the eye. Something about the dragon sword bothered her. Maybe it was just that the thing was used for killing. She had a sudden image of it chopping down on her stepfather, but shook it out of her mind as she leaned the weapon against her desk. Deli breathed heavily a few times and nearly fell into her chair.
Something is wrong with me, she thought as sleepiness overtook her. She put her head down right on top of an old donut box.
A sound woke her. She peered around the office. Her coconut glaze donut screen saver had come on so she had been asleep for more than two minutes.
"Hello," said someone from behind her.
"Who?" she asked and turned: Ronnie Mochran, Los Angeles criminal lawyer, watching her with his cobalt blue eyes.
"I've come for you, sweet Delia," he said.
His blue eye bore into hers. She gasped as she realized what he meant.
"I'm dreaming," she said.
His smile turned slow and seductive, just like when he faced the skinny female prosecutor, his lost love.
"Of course," he said. "I'll cuddle you, darling. Nothing needs to happen until you say. And if it does happen it won't hurt."
How did he know about that? wondered Delia. Oh, I'm dreaming! She decided it didn't matter and went to him.

Chapter 26
Delia giggled in her sleep as Robert the Third snuck into the station. A menu of recordings managed dispatch this late. He paused, saw the sword, the sleeping woman, smiled nervously and picked up the sword. Surprised at the weight, he almost dropped it.
"Jesus," he said under his breath, turned and ran out. he made it to his truck without being seen, put the sword next to him on the seat and drove to Lakewood Beach. Once there he picked up the sword again.
Heavy damn thing, he thought.
He couldn't imagine anyone wielding it. It held a lethal beauty like his Uzi. He had not expected that. The emerald had to be worth thousands.
I could keep it. Leave town. Find some way to sell it.
These thoughts left quickly. His mother couldn't survive without him. Despite everything, Robert loved his momma.
He stared into the gem. It held light within light. He remembered hearing that every gem had a flaw. Maybe this gem didn't. He put the sword behind the seat. He wished the old man would come. There was no telling how long Delia would stay asleep in the office.
Robert the Third hunkered down in his leather coat despite the cranked up heat in his truck. The wind blasted the one hundred yards of land separating the two bays. The truck rocked in a gust and whitecaps rolled into the sodden beach. Robert watched the water through the windshield and a screen of scrub trees. He grunted a little, placing his damaged hand in the pocket of his coat.
Why am I doing this? he wondered. The Chief is just too damn smart. He caught me listening to his phone calls. Could he know how much I owe on the truck? I should get out of here. He'll put me in jail. But no one saw me and I get twenty thousand bucks. I'm free for that much. Off the hook to that bastard.
Headlights turned into the lot. The damaged hand in Robert's pocket flexed into a fist and stayed that way. A car pulled up. The skinny old man in his Macintosh became visible as the dome light in the old Mercedes came on briefly. Then William Baudemagus climbed into the cab of the bright orange four by four with the monster wheels. Inside his jacket Robert held the index finger of his good hand on the trigger of an authentic western replica derringer. It pointed at Baudemagus's stomach.
The old man smiled at Robert in the dim light given off by the instrument panel. Robert kept still, noticing how bad the old man smelled and his strong, skinny hands. Robert noticed hands.
He couldn't see the old man's eyes. The wind rocked the truck again. Robert tightened his finger on the trigger.
"We're straight?" asked Robert.
"If you have my sword," said Baudemagus.
Robert moved his head to indicate the back of the seat. Baudemagus lifted it carefully and laid it in his lap. The long fingers of his right hand stroked the blade.
Jesus, thought Robert, is he going to screw it, or what?
Sweat trickled down Robert's back.
"No more debt?" asked Robert. "And you'll give me money if I can figure out where the statue is?"
"Yes."
"They'll suspect me, except that the secretary signed the sword out. I found it next to her desk. She fell asleep," said Robert.
"Then she is to blame," said Baudemagus.
Robert shook his head. He doubted anyone would really blame Delia even if she did fall asleep with the priceless object leaning against her desk. Lakewood was a small town. Everybody knew everybody, so that was that. Delia just didn't steal. Even he knew that.
"I'll be suspected. I know it," he said. "Maybe I should take the damn thing back."
"Too late," said Baudemagus. "I would have to bring your borrowing habits to the Chief's attention. You might lose your job. Don't panic and no one will know who has it. Now, where is the statue?"
"Why should I tell you?" asked Robert.
The tip of the sword pointed toward Robert. Baudemagus looked down at it, then up at Robert. Robert remembered just how much tension the trigger could take: Just a twitch more.
Baudemagus reached into the pocket of his mac. Robert felt the nails of his bad hand dig into his palm. A bead of sweat stung his eyes. He didn't blink or move. Baudemagus brought up a wad of cash. Huge, thought Robert. His finger relaxed slightly. He needed tires and some modifications to the exhaust system. Momma's birthday was coming up soon, too.
"I'll give you this extra five thousand dollars if you tell me where it is."
Robert licked his lips and nodded. Bauedmagus waited.
"It's too big for the evidence room so it must be at the Drinkwater farm, in the barn," said Robert "That's my best guess."
Baudemagus dropped the money on the seat between them.
"Spend the money quietly in a year. Claim it as cash savings and pay some taxes on it." Baudemagus smiled at Robert as he opened the cab door. "Quite a vehicle," he said and stepped down from the high cab.
Robert eased off the trigger and took some deep breaths, removed his damaged hand from his pocket and opened it slowly with his other hand, finding only one small cut.
"Done worse," he mumbled, watching the old man put the sword in the trunk of his car, close it, get into the Mercedes and drive out. Then Robert started to drive home. He met no other cars even in the center of town. The wind creaked the sign over the door to Gary's Café back and forth.
The Chief will know, he thought. But how will he know? Delia checked it out. Twenty people have access to the board. Why would he pick me out? But a voice deep inside kept saying: He'll know.
"Shit!" said Robert.
He felt for the derringer in his pocket and made a U turn that took him up onto the sidewalk.

Chapter 27
He didn't make a mistake on the mixture this time. The herbs nearly danced with the smell of the old country, the forests of Wales. The old man breathed deeply of it and could almost feel the wet grass under his feet and catch the scent the wind from the cold Atlantic. He drank the concoction quickly, took the sword and sat down in a straight back chair at the island in his kitchen. He put the sword down on the counter with the emerald eye of the dragon facing up. The dizziness came as the herbs raised his temperature and widened his pupils.
He began to speak in the low tongue: a voice at once deeply musical and guttural. At first the thing growing in his brain interfered. The doctors had declared the tumor inoperable. Still, that alone couldn't stop him. Fear could: fear that the statue might be damaged somehow. The old man went into the fear, accepted it, dissipated it and continued. A light fog, like steam from a tea kettle, filled the room as his intonations deepened. The fog roiled, pulled apart, tried to resist by coalescing into something: a glimpse of a deformity, once human, now inhuman. With a kind of reluctance it broke into fog again, drifted to the gem and was drawn into the play of green light within the flawless emerald. The light became everything and William Baudemagus became the sihda..
The statue came first. The Detective's energy covered it. Surprisingly it interfered with the emerald meditation. The fog could not penetrate it.
So the young cop is a protector of some sort, maybe the Champion. His stubbornness at the farm that night might not have been an accident, he thought.
The sidha Baudemagus sought the boy and the woman, but could not find them. Again, the energy of someone, probably the young detective, hid them behind an opaque energy. It almost sent him out of the sidha and back into the kitchen, but he had done this many times, and knew now that the young cop had to be dealt with quickly. Next, the fog sought Pastiche, the easiest to find. His energy came to him as familiar spikes and angles.
The sidha Baudemagus slowly drew himself free from the interplay of green light and lifted his head. The fog, thicker now, drifted into the room from the gem. Baudemagus ignored the scent of rot and the hatred the sidha sent toward him.
This will require a great deal more exploration than I thought, he decided. The last day of an Dudlachd comes in three days. It must all be done by then. The young man is untrained, unaware and still an adolescent. And Pastiche, the buffoon, won't reach him in time or guess from where the threats will come.
The old man drank more of the mixture with something akin to joy. He drew the Sihda back into the flawless green light. Deeply, they went, into the gem.

Chapter 28
Ray Mercer's patched old easy chair seemed as old and as decrepit as Ray did. The TV show he was watching had long since ended as had the bottle of Johnny Walker Red on the lamp table to next him. Old magazines, the refuse from take out food and piles of soiled laundry took up much of the space in the small apartment. A freshly dry-cleaned uniform still in the bag hung on the bathroom door.
Ray Mercer snorted, moved his head, let out an odd cry and pitched forward out of the chair. Mercer lay on the floor like a sack of sand for thirty seconds before slowly rising. He drank to get rid of the dream, but it kept recurring and left ugly traces in his waking mind.
In the reality of their last day together the kid wouldn't stop screaming. Beverly, his wife, cursed him as she packed their bags. He remembered pulling out his gun and then the Chief stood at the screen door of the trailer. He made no movement and watched Mercer fumble with his forty-five. Their eyes met. Mercer's face grew hot. He found the floor with his eyes and reholstered the gun. His big shoulders slumped forward. The Chief took Beverly and Johan to the airport.
But in the dream, the Chief never came, Mercer took the gun, held it to his wife's head, pulled the trigger, splattered her skull on the wall, shot his child and put the gun in his mouth. He could even taste the gun oil and spat on the carpet.
Tears rolled down Mercer's fat cheeks. He grabbed his face as if to tear it off and find another, better face underneath. Pain shot down his neck and he stopped, stood up, lurched into the bedroom, pulled his gun out of the dresser drawer and put it in his mouth.
Mercer saw the Chief's eyes again: accusation, disdain, but worst of all the unforgivable pity. Mercer's finger trembled on the trigger before he slowly lowered the gun to the dresser and watched his haggard face in the mirror above it. His hatred for the Chief coiled in his stomach like a basket of snakes. And now there was the Chief's pussy boy, too.

Chapter 29
Don brought a bottle of red wine. He didn't know anything about wine so chose it by how well he liked the label. This one had an autumn leaf on it. Don greeted Boyd with a handshake and exchanged nods with Sarah without an exchange of smiles.
I'll settle for being acknowledged, he thought.
Ellen put a hand on his back, took the bottle of wine and put it in the refrigerator to chill.
"For later," she said softly.
Don turned and watched her move in her black slacks, noted the modesty of a blue blouse and the simple silver dream catcher necklace. He noticed how little makeup she wore and the thick waves of her dark hair tied back loosely. She smiled at him warmly and much of it came from her amazing violet eyes. He smiled back and breathed in the hominess and warmth of a red and green flowery tablecloth, thin tapers lit and burning steadily, the family-style meal in green ceramic bowls and ached for something he never knew he missed, and never had in the cottage by the bay.
Ellen served the first round and they settled down to spaghetti and meatballs with salad and garlic bread.
After the initial plate, a series of compliments to the cook and a splatter of tomato sauce on his shirt, Don brought up the legend of King Arthur. Boyd told them his favorite parts of it. Sarah kept her bottom lip out, didn't eat much and could not be drawn into the conversation. Don wondered if the severe way she pulled her long brown hair back hurt at all. Ellen seemed a bit too cheery, but the friendly smiles she gave Don seemed genuine enough. He couldn't think of anything to say to Sarah that might help. When she finally said something Don nearly missed it.
"King Arthur wasn't real," she said into her plate.
Well," said Ellen, glancing at Sarah. It was the first overtly worried expression Don had seen. He knew, at that moment, that Sarah could stop their relationship in its tracks. His appetite failed.
It all seems so crazy, he thought. My God. I've chosen the unobtainable woman again.
Don watched Boyd.
A grave boy, he thought. So like his mother.
Ellen and Don's eyes met. Her hand started out toward his and stopped. Don smiled and shrugged. Sarah didn't seem to be paying any attention to them or anything else. Don realized that Sarah's features had to be those of the ex husband.
"You were about to say?" said Don.
Ellen gave him a small, grateful smile.
"Myth has certainly encrusted to Arthur like barnacles, but he may have been a real person," began Ellen. "Just before Arthur became High King, there was a historical High King of Britain named Vortigen who invited the Saxons to settle down on the coast. He even married Rowena, the Saxon king's daughter. The warlords of Britain objected violently until Vortigen made a truce and invited the nine warlord chieftains to his table for a feast without weapons, as a gesture of good faith. The only problem was the gesture of good faith was only on the warlord's part. The Chieftains of Britain were slaughtered by Vortigen and the Saxons. Henceforth they were known as The Nine."
"It sounds like our local legend," said Don.
Ellen warmed to her subject. Even Sarah seemed to be listening.
"Oh, it is," she continued. "The townspeople changed it a little and fit the myth to the local bogeyman. There may even be a core of truth to it. Maybe someone was murdered in the Wood. The legend was a reason I liked this old house. Now I'm not so sure. But Vortigen's nine happened in the fifth century, post roman Britain. Arthur may have been the next High King. He punished the traitor, fought legendary battles against the Saxons and penned them up on the coast for thirty or forty years. When he died the Saxons overran the land. Another fascinating part of it was that Arthur was Christian, but Merlin was not. It was said that Arthur was the land and that is a pagan concept, yet it was reported that he had the Christian Cross on his shield and not the Pendragon."
"What about Merlin?" asked Don.
"He may have been an amalgam of three ancient Bards. One may have been a great engineer and could be the Merlin or Ambrosious of Arthur's time. The other two may have been poets, one who went insane and wandered the forest, and another who was renowned for his wisdom and verse. As for Arthur's wife, some sources say there were three wives all named Guenevere or Gwenhwyvar. The last and most beautiful one was said to have betrayed Arthur. Arthur's nephew, Medrawd, may have tried to take over Arthur's kingdom and both of them may have been killed in a last great battle.
"It's all very sketchy history. The history was oral, often musical and of course embellished. The round table and the knights were an invention of medieval times, some hundreds of years later."
Ellen shook her head and continued.
"There are so many legends. Take Stonehenge. It was said that Merlin floated the stones over the sea from Wales, but it was really done in more local quarries. I could go on and on, but the children have heard it all so many times. They prefer the magic and the myth. Don't you?"
They both nodded. The dinner ended amiably. Don offered to help with the dishes. Sarah glanced at him when he asked, which told him how welcome his suggestion was. Ellen caught the exchange and decided not to do them until the next morning.
"Bedtime," said Ellen and the kids took their plates to the sink and headed toward the bedrooms. Sarah stopped halfway down the hallway and turned, not quite meeting Don's eyes.
"Are you staying the night?" she asked. "And you're not coming tomorrow for Thanksgiving, are you?"
"No," said Don. "I'm not. Don't worry."
Sarah stared at him for a full thirty seconds before going off to bed. Boyd, on the other hand, just shrugged and said good night.
Ellen went to tuck them in. When she came back Don poured the wine. He handed her a glass as she came to sit on the couch in front of the fireplace. Their shoulders touched.
"Alone at last," said Ellen with a little grin.
Don wanted to say something. His tongue stuck.
Is it normal that my shoulder burns where we touch? he wondered.
Ellen moved away a bit and turned toward him. Don tried to take a sip of wine, clicked the glass against his teeth and put it down.
Smooth, Don, smooth, he thought. His palms grew damp. Deodorant failed.
"So what are you thinking?" asked Ellen.
Don thought for a moment. His own voice speaking normally surprised him.
"Sarah doesn't want me around. Boyd's feelings are a little more mixed. They have some kind of pact against me, right?"
"Yes, they want me to themselves and you are perceived as a threat." Ellen sighed and then smiled into his eyes. "Are you?"
Don felt a thickening in his throat and his face grew red. He wanted to say something clever and disarming but only managed to stammer: "You betcha."
Ellen laughed, stood up, sat in his lap and gave him a long hard kiss, squishing his unready lips. He recovered quickly and found a pucker. They parted for air.
"There," said Ellen, beaming as they pulled apart. "Will that stop the awkwardness between us?"
"Why yes," he answered and this time he kissed her.
After some time Ellen slid out of his lap to the couch and put her head on his chest.
"You're a good man," she said.
"Thanks. I hope so."
"I'm just glad I can tell the difference. It wasn't always so."
"Your ex, you mean?"
"Yes. I made a terrible mistake and now my children have to pay. Daryl hurt Sarah terribly, and Boyd too, because it was his father who did it. I was too busy and thought Sarah, was, well, entering puberty. Then one night she told me all about my husband's midnight forays."
Ellen couldn't speak anymore. Don held her close.
"They're getting better at last," she said. "But this whole Ronald Pastiche thing has not helped. Boyd asked me is he was going nuts and Sarah cries a lot. But it's not Daryl and that's important. This is an external threat. I hope it is now ended."
"It should be," said Don.
Ellen lifted up her head.
"Should be?"
"Well, we had an auto accident some weeks ago. A man who may have been Ronald Pastiche went into the dead driver's car, sawed of the man's leg and presumably left with it, though no one saw him carrying a leg. This guy is very, very crazy."
"Ellen sat up straight.
"Why didn't you tell me this sooner?"
"It's a police investigation that may or may not relate. I have professional confidentiality which I am now violating because I don't want you to let your guard down."
"Yes," said Ellen, settling back down. "That would be your reason, wouldn't it? An honest reason." She sighed. "Kiss me again, will you?"
"No problem."
Don's nostrils widened with the wonderful smell of her.
This can't be me, he thought. It is, it is. He never wanted to stop, and it seemed that Ellen didn't either. He kissed her neck, her arms, her blouse; she tore at his shirt.
Ellen pushed him away suddenly.
"Sarah," she said.
"I didn't hear anything," said Don.
"Be right back," said Ellen.
She didn't come back for a half an hour. Don sat by himself in a state of aching desire and wondered if this was what it would always be like with these kids. When Ellen returned her expression told him it was time to go.
"Sarah had a nightmare. She said she was in the forest and someone was stalking her through the trees. She said it was like Snow White after the huntsman let her go, full of scary tree branches. Instead of finding the house of the seven dwarves the stalker caught up with her. It was you. Then she woke up. Sarah has had nightmares before, but not for the last six months. It isn't you, Don, of course. It's this whole thing. I've got to be circumspect. The children come first, always. Do you understand?"
"Yes. Of course."
"Then you will come back if I make this a night? I've got to keep an eye on her. A close eye."
Don forced a smile.
"Oh, I'll be back, Ellen. Don't worry about that, too."
They kissed in a distracted, lukewarm way. Don put on his windbreaker and cap and went out. He stood on the doorstep in the night breathing as deeply as he could and watching the stars. He heard a window open behind him.
"Don?"
"Boyd?"
"Yes. I want you to know. It's okay with me. You and my Mom. But don't tell Sarah."
"Thank you."
The window didn't close. Don waited.
"Don, do you think King Arthur and Merlin could have been real? With the magic and everything?" asked Boyd. "I've been having some great dreams."
The image of Ellen holding up the plain sword in his dream came into Don's mind.
"There is a world of dreams and imagination, Boyd. It can help us live our lives or teach us something. But is it real like a wall or a table or my head? I don't think so. But there are people who think differently than me. Goodnight, Boyd."

Chapter 30
Moonlight is a part of the dark, thought Boyd, as he stared out of the picture window in the living room.
He recalled getting out of bed, but not walking into the living room. Boyd watched the moonlit backyard, the wilted garden, the twisted old maples in deep shadow and the huge trees just beyond. The deepest shadows resided in the old forest.
Boyd yawned and rubbed his eyes. When he stopped he saw a glow start somewhere in the forest.
It's on fire! he thought and made a little jump toward the phone.
He didn't pick it up. The glow didn't flicker and had a golden quality that grew in intensity as Boyd watched.
What is it? he wondered. Mom will kill me, he thought, searching for his boots.
The grass swished across his legs as he crossed the yard. He hesitated at the maples then plunged in toward the glow. He found the path easily and seemed to float toward the source of light. The fungus on the trees, moss, rough bark and rotting branches appeared etched and deeply clear in the golden light.
It is a kind of fire, thought Boyd as his face warmed.
He slowed as he reached the clearing. The glow emanated from one place: the old stump. He squinted against the light and saw the outline of something curved. He moved closer in small steps. Heat intensified, warming him front and back. The outline coalesced. Boyd gasped in recognition.
In the book it showed a knight dressed in white kneeling before It, as It sat on an altar: The Holy Grail; the cup of Christ.
Oh, I'm dreaming, Boyd realized.
"Indeed you are," said a voice. "It is, however, a very important dream."
Boyd turned to confront a boy about his size with shoulder length blond hair, blue eyes and a square jaw. The youth, (and Boyd instantly thought of him by that word) wore a plain, thick robe of purple ending at bare feet. A small, gold dragon insignia graced the space over his heart.
Boyd stared.
"I am Arthur, High King of Britain, Successor to the traitor Vortigen and War Leader as well. I was the nearly same age as you when I took the throne. Can you imagine being a King at the age of twelve, Boyd?"
Boyd shook his head. The King took the Grail in his hand.
"This saved me long enough for me to defend my land one last time. The legend said it makes those who drink from it immortal." The King smiled in a way that let Boyd know this boy was never really a boy. "I was killed. The last battle of an age it is said."
Boyd watched Arthur tuck the Grail inside his robe. The light emanated from the King now. Its glow dimmed and followed the contours of the robe. Boyd and the King locked eyes. The golden glow reached even into the deep blue of Arthur's eyes.
"I survived for sixty years as King," he said. "For my people that was a long reign. I did this by trusting, Boyd, and you must trust. So what if I was betrayed in the end? You see, trust makes you one kind of person and mistrust makes you another. I trusted well for many years. My people and soldiers trusted me in turn. This created our golden age. Promise me you will trust, Boyd."
"I will," said Boyd.
"Good," said the King. "There will come a time, and soon, when you will need all of your trust. You must not fail, Boyd, because nothing is forever. Not opportunity, grace, evil, pleasure or pain. Trust, Boyd, trust."
"I will, your Highness," said Boyd and the boy King smiled, showing one dull, gold tooth in a mouth of even teeth.
"Go now, back to your waking world."
The glow dimmed. The figure of the youth faded and Boyd woke in his bed.
"Trust," he said into the darkness, rolled over and went back to sleep.

Chapter 31
"Do you want a sleeping pill?" asked Ellen.
Sarah clung to her mother.
"No Mom, then I won't be able to wake up."
Ellen patted Sarah's back.
"I'll leave the light on, honey," she said.
"Can I sleep with you, Mom?"
"You try on your own for a while, please. You know what the therapist said about sleeping on your own."
"Just for tonight, Mom, please."
Sarah's fingers dug into her back. Ellen pried Sarah's arms away and held them in her lap. Ellen took a long, deep breath.
Anger again, she thought. I want to scream. Please, God, don't let her fall all the way back. I can't take it.
"Yes," said Ellen. "Just for tonight."
Sarah dried her eyes with the edge of her long nightgown. Ellen patted Sarah's hair and let her own feelings settle.
"Sarah, you said that that boy Boyd fought punched him. Boyd said he didn't get punched."
Sarah frowned.
"I saw it, Mom. He hit Boyd hard on the side of the face.
I'm sure of it because Boyd didn't seem to notice. Is that bad, Mom, that Boyd didn't notice?"
Ellen bit her lower lip.
"I don't know," she said. "But let's not think about it until after the holiday."
Sarah fell right to sleep as soon as she made it to her mother's bed. Ellen readied for bed slowly, stretched out next to Sarah and closed her eyes. Sleep proved elusive.
"It's got to be over," she thought. "The statue is gone. We will recover quickly. Daryl doesn't know where we are."
She thought of Don and took some comfort.
"The kids will just have to understand. I can't go on alone like this."
Eventually Ellen fell into a shallow sleep. Near dawn a voice woke her.
"No, Daddy!"
Fingernails dug into Ellen's leg.

Chapter 32
Don thought about the damaged little family all the way home. The message light on the answering machine caught his attention as soon as he came in the door. Don pressed the button without taking off his coat.
"This is the Chief. You had better come down here now."
The tone of voice puzzled Don for a few seconds until he realized the Chief sounded aggrieved.
The Chief, sad about something? And letting me see it? This is a new thing. Is it a good thing? wondered Don. He drove all the way to the station without finding an answer.

"Tell Don what you told me," said Chief Drinkwater.
Don thought the Chief looked lousy and pasty-faced with rings under his eyes. Delia didn't look much better with a red face and red eyes from crying. She held a tissue in sausage -sized fingers and wiped her eyes. Her lank hair hung forward. The wooden chair creaked as Delia leaned toward them. The high pitch of her voice made Don clench his teeth.
"I signed out the sword. I was going to try the digital camera, but I fell asleep and when I woke up it was gone. Just gone."
She started to cry again. Don patted her on the back.
"Did anyone come in?"
"No. And dispatch was on automatic."
"Then it could have been any of the twenty people or so who have a key to get through the door to the back," said Don.
"Or someone who managed to get a key," added the Chief.
Our antique dealer, Baudemagus, seemed to think we should have given him back the sword," said Don. "Let's go ask him. It's only eleven-thirty."
Don and the Chief stood up.
"We know you didn't steal it, Delia. Go home," said the Chief. "There is nothing more you can do. You won't lose your job. The evidence room is my responsibility."
Delia nodded, miserable, and left.

Chapter 33
The driveway took them through young oaks. They parked by a back door that afforded a view into a mahogany paneled kitchen. The archway beyond it allowed a glimpse of a large living room furnished in darkly stained antiques and a burnished sideboard set with a silver tea service. Don looked through to the back window and the dark beyond it toward the big lake. He could hear the wind and the water lapping. The clean smell of coming winter widened his nostrils. He remembered how much he loved the lake and how that feeling always seemed to come at odd times.
The chief rang the doorbell. It chimed. Baudemagus answered it in a velvet smoking jacket the likes of which Don had only seen in old Sherlock Holmes movies.
Baudemagus seemed singularly unsurprised, invited them in and served tea at the oak kitchen table with an economy of movement that belied his age. The place smelled like furniture polish and old newspaper. The old man kept up a shallow chatter about the antiques in his kitchen: from an old wooden nutcracker dated from around the time of the American Revolution to some plate from the time of Queen Elizabeth the First. The Chief made no attempt to halt the flow of words, nor did he seem to be hearing it particularly, although Don knew the Chief always listened carefully.
Don used the time to look around at the expensive wooden cupboards, the hanging copper pots and central stove island. Everything stood in precise and shining order. He noticed that the antique dealer kept no plants or pets of any kind.
Nice place if you like living in an operating room, thought Don.
Baudemagus served the tea, sat across from them, took a sip, narrowed his eyes at the Chief and said:
"I assumed when I answered the chime this was not a social call. But where I come from we do hospitality first and business second."
"And just where is that?" asked the Chief.
"Wales, as a young child."
The two older men locked eyes. Don watched the narrow faced man with the close cropped gray hair, stringy neck and webs of facial lines, and the graying Chief: handsome, athletic, spit and polish even this late in a hastily donned uniform. The Chief deliberately looked away after ten seconds. The old man's eyes moved to Don. They seemed large, the black of tar. Here lay a deep hole at dusk. Don tried to see the bottom, but didn't know if he'd like it if he did, and looked away. The Chief pressed the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger.
"I have some bad news. Someone stole your sword from the police station," said Chief Drinkwater.
Baudemagus grimaced and let out a long sigh.
"I've had a terrible time hanging on to that thing. You'd think it was cursed. What happened this time?"
"Someone removed it from the station about an hour ago. By the way, we would like to search your house, out buildings and shop."
Baudemagus laughed, showing his teeth in a brief wolflike smile.
"Do you have a warrant or a reason?"
"No warrant," said the Chief calmly. "But it would go a long way toward reassuring us that you have nothing to hide."
Baudemagus smiled again. This time even his black eyes held amusement.
"But a man who has lived as long as I have has many things to hide, and not necessarily from the police. However, I believe my privacy to be of great importance, not to mention a house and shop full of fragile antiques. There is very little possibility I would let anyone rummage through either place unless I was forced to. More tea, Belden?"
"So we are clear on this?" asked the Chief.
"Yes. If you can get a search warrant I can't stop you. Otherwise, you may not search."
The chief signaled Don and they stood up.
"We'll be talking to you," said the Chief. "I know you have the sword, William."
Baudemagus shrugged.
"Think what you prefer," he said. "And you won't be talking to me. You will be talking to my lawyer. I am suing the town for the cost of the sword. One hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Are we clear on that?"
Baudemagus stood up. The smoking jacket lining showed red at the wide lapels. A red crest in the shape of an eel like dragon graced one pocket. The sleeves hung down to show the old man's bony wrists. No words passed as the antique dealer saw them out. Don caught a glimpse of the old man as he closed the door. Baudemagus caught Don's eye and grinned that wolf's grin. Don seemed to see only the dull gold tooth. The door shut gently.
For a moment the world swam. Don steadied himself on the side of the doorway.
My dear God, he thought. It was Baudemagus in the forest the night of the stakeout. But how?
The phrase 'but how?" kept repeating in his mind. Chief Drinkwater turned to him.
"Don. Let's go."
Don walked along next to the Chief. It can't be, he thought. It makes no sense. Don tried to dismiss the question. He watched the Chief lean forward over the wheel, gripping it fiercely as he drove.
He's angry. I'm confused, thought Don. He didn't speak. The Chief dropped Don back at the station. Don opened the door to get out.
"That son of a bitch is playing games we don't even know the name of yet," said the Chief. "But I'm going to find that sword."
The Chief spewed gravel from the back wheels. Don took a deep breath. It caught short as the image of the old man's predatory grin flashed by.
"Go get him, Chief," said Don to the taillights.
I'm losing it, thought Don. It couldn't have been anything but my imagination in Ellen's backyard. But I do know one thing: He isn't even trying to pretend he doesn't have the sword.

Chapter 34
Pastiche stirred the mixture in the small camp pot set on a stone by the campfire and grimaced in distaste. The scar on his face puckered. He felt its pull, ran a finger along it, keeping the memory of the acquisition of it at bay as the scent of his cooking overpowered everything else.
I even hate the smell of it, he thought. But I'm sure he has the sword now, and the help of the damned sihda. He must. Soon he will have the statue.
Pastiche stirred the mixture again. The heat bathed his face. More of the smell deepened his grimace. The trees in the clearing blocked the light. Pastiche knew the woods would not be searched again soon.
"Deadly nightshade, he said in a low voice. "But of course it won't kill me. Vomit, cramps and maybe the vision. Maybe I see what Baudemagus sees. Maybe not. If you were here, Myddrin, I'd split you like a log."
Pastiche took the pot from the stone to cool and sat staring at it. His mind drifted. A line of drool came from the side of his mouth. He rocked, suddenly stopped, and wiped his mouth.
"Oh, no, not again." He felt the pot: still slightly warm.
"At least I caught myself this time. But is short catatonia better than long?"
Pastiche sighed, lifted the aluminum pot to his lips, gagged once and drank it down. The cramps began a few minutes later. He vomited.
"Ah hell," he said as black dots vibrated before his eyes. He stared into the fire.
The flames danced orange, blue, deeper blue. At the heart of fire darkness grew, forming the flames into a face: long beard, fierce eyes, thick lines. A flash of cavernous darkness opened, the smell of sour apples, hay. A wind hit the flames, destroying the vision. A light fog entered the blackness. Another face appeared: sinewy and old, pupils wide. Their eyes met in surprise, both withdrew. A thought, seemingly his own, came to Pastiche.
You can't win.
He knew where the thought really came from: Sihda. A cramp doubled Pastiche over. He knows, thought Pastiche, Baudemagus knows where the statue is.
He carried this lament into the darkness he called sleep.

Chapter 35
Don woke up and peered out the window of his cottage to an oppressive sky. He stood up and padded in his bare feet and jockey shorts to the lakeside window to view a dark November day. It drizzled, rained, hailed and snowed, depending on where you looked on the bay. Shades of gray dominated even the red of a nearby cottage. Don glanced at the wall clock. Six-thirty. Just looking out the window made him want a hot shower. The phone rang before he got there.
"Donny?" said a voice.
The voice sounded like some lost little girl. Don had no idea who it was.
"Yes?"
"It's Gloria Drinkwater. Come over. I need you." Then she hung up.
Don's heart sped up. Don suddenly remembered he was supposed to have Thanksgiving dinner with the Drinkwaters. Something was wrong. Don scratched the shower, pulled on his clothes and used the siren. He forgot his coat.
The rescue ambulance and one patrol car blocked the driveway behind the Drinkwater SUV. Ray Mercer leaned his fat butt against the trunk of the patrol car. With his triple chin tucked into the top of his raincoat he might have been asleep. Rain dripped from the brim of his hat.
"Fuckin' son of a bitch," he said. "Fuckin' son of a bitch." Fuck. Get in the house, pussy boy." He didn't even look up.
Phew. Booze at ten paces, thought Don. The man has a flask on his person. Don swallowed hard. Why would he risk drinking on duty now?
He hurried into the house. Gloria Drinkwater fell into his arms before he could cross the threshold. The impact of Gloria's big shoulders forced a grunt from him as she wrapped her arms around his chest. She was about the size of the Chief but thicker and huge breasted with thin legs and small feet. As long as he had known her, her blond hair stayed short: a neat pageboy. Yet she had feminine features that wore well with the hard work of the orchard. She often smelled of apples and cider. He always associated that fresh smell with her. But today the mixture had the stale scent of grief. Gloria wept.
He spotted Preston Elwys through the open bedroom door, and Fat and Skinny, the town's EMTs. He remembered that skinny, or Leonard, was the Chief's cousin. Preston spotted him and came out. Preston had the designation of the 'new doctor,' having been in town for only ten years. Preston's thin face and dark beard made him look like old photos of young Abe Lincoln. His off the rack suits were always a poor fit. Don liked to kid him about it. Don had befriended him and they had kayaked in Preston's large double kayak up the Pine River into the dangerous Ossipee Lake. They had no banter today.
Preston put his hand on Gloria's back. Don watched him with raised eyebrows.
"He's gone," said Preston. "Gloria was staying at her sister's house for the night and found Belden at six this morning. It appears that he had a heart attack sometime last night. He's been on medication for heart disease for almost a year, but I wouldn't have predicted this. I'm so sorry for the both of you."
A deep frown disappeared into Preston's shaggy beard. Gloria held Don tighter. Her chin dug into his chest as his breath came a little shorter. Don's mind froze in between belief and disbelief. He pried Gloria loose gently, helped her to the couch and stroked her forehead until she fell into an exhausted sleep. No thoughts came. He glanced up and met Preston's sympathetic gaze.
"May I go in?" asked Don.
"Yes."
As Don entered the bedroom, Preston waved to the EMTs and they came out. A small patch in a big bed was all that was left of the strongest man Don ever knew.
It comes to us all, he thought. The strong are made weak. Goodbye, Dad, and you were my dad, really. Thank you.
Don knelt down by the bed and put his hand on the Chief's forehead. It held no warmth. Don began to cry.
Through the blur of tears he thought he saw something in the corner of the Chief's mouth. He touched it: something pointy. He pulled and extracted a feather. Don stood up, gently took the pillow from beneath the Chief's head and crushed it in his hands.
"Goose down," he said and squeezed again.
Another feather popped from the pillow. Don found a pinhole and pulled out another feather and another. He began to examine the room automatically, even as a strange chill filled his chest and throat. He saw himself examining the room, disconnected from the tragedy, aloof, focused. He saw his arms move, felt his head swivel.
Gloria had decorated the walls with photos of the farm and one big orchard scene in oils next to the bathroom door. Don thought he knew the furniture style: French provincial with gold detailing. The usual things stood on the dresser: make up, perfumes, and a box that proved to be cufflinks. On the bedside table stood three medication bottles: nitroglycerin, sleeping pills, and one that turned out to be stool softener. Don knelt down to check under the bed. He retrieved a pair of worn slippers, a brown sock and a pink rubber ball, the hollow kind.
Don held the ball lightly with two fingers, checked it over for teeth marks, and remembered their last dog: a German Shepard named Mac.
Ten years ago, he thought, and the ball isn't that old.
It was the only curious thing in the room. Don heard a noise. Gloria stood in the doorway red faced, hair disheveled. Her skin sagged.
"I can't believe he's gone," said Gloria almost too faintly to hear. "What am I going to do?"
Don came back to himself.
Shock, he thought. I'm in shock.
He shook his head to clear it.
"I'll be here to help as often as you need me. You know that."
Gloria let out breath noisily and gripped the doorway.
Thank you," she said.
"Gloria, I found this ball under the bed. Have you seen it before?"
"He always had something like that around. He liked to keep strong. But he mostly used those hand exercisers, the ones you squeeze."
Silence came as they watched the figure in the bed.
"He loved you. You were the son he never had."
"He's the Dad I never had. Mine paid no attention to me whatever."
"I know. We all knew about your father."
Don kept his fist closed on the feather, held the ball inconspicuously in two fingers.
"I want to be alone with him now," said Gloria.
Don found a plastic bag in the kitchen, placed the ball in it and put it into his jacket pocket gently. He went to find Preston, drew him into Belden's wood paneled study and showed him the feather.
"Do heart attacks and asphyxiation have the same symptoms?"
Preston couldn't speak for a moment.
"Are you saying?" he blurted finally.
"Yes. We were working on something very odd. The Chief could be a victim. Do you know?"
"I'll have to look it up and get back to you. But I think the symptoms are similar, if a previous heart condition exists, except for the condition of the lungs." The doctor grimaced. "A murder in this small town? No place is safe."
Don walked into the front room to the main window facing out over the driveway. Mercer still leaned against the car, but now he listed a little. Don turned back to Preston.
"Tell no one, Preston. Someone in the department is giving information to one of the suspects in this case. I'm not even going to declare this an official crime scene. I want him to think he's getting away with it."
"Of course I'll keep it quiet, Don. But it may turn out he really did die of heart attack."
"I hope so," said Don.
Don regarded the floor for a moment.
"How many people have been in the bedroom before Gloria called me?"
Preston rubbed his chin.
"Me, the emergency team, Gloria."
"Thanks, Preston."
Don stepped out into the drizzle, walked to his unmarked and used the radio to contact Officer Smithson. He waited the few minutes until the other patrol car pulled up. He waved Smithson into the Ford.
At forty-two, Smithson still retained a youthful lankiness topped with a shock of graying hair. Hard won lines of experience creased his face. Don had never heard the man crack a joke or express an opinion. Don knew only of his silent competence.
"The Chief just died of a heart attack," he said.
"I heard," said Smithson. "We'll miss him. Good man."
Don couldn't read Smithson's expression. He tried to remember a time that he spoke to Smithson before and could not. The voice seemed familiar though.
Maybe Jerry Smithson is Ray Mercer's best friend, thought Don, wishing for once he listened to station house gossip.
Don decided to take a chance.
"Ray Mercer is drunk. He is drinking on this shift. Could you take him home, take away his gun, badge and keys and get him to bed?"
Don wasn't sure if Smithson smiled. Thin lips got thinner. Maybe his gray eyes became brighter.
"Yes, sir," said Smithson and opened the door. He stood up, bent back down. The drizzle bounced off the bill of his cap. "I can testify to his constant drunkenness, sir."
"You'll have to," said Don. "Oh, and Smithson, after you do that, stop at the station and bring back a crime scene kit. Don't let anyone see you take it. Bring it here to me. Speak to no one about this."
"Yes, sir," said Smithson. He didn't even raise an eyebrow.
Gloria Drinkwater's sister pulled up behind them in a station wagon.

Chapter 36
The mourners made a knot of black and police dress uniforms behind the small chapel. Don, Gloria, Ellen, Sarah and Boyd stood together near the casket. Boyd and Sarah kept their eyes on Ellen. Gloria stood next to Don with her head down. A big raindrop fell on the casket, reflecting the high varnish of the wood. Don focused on it as it rolled down the side and fell into the grave. He turned his face upward as broken, black clouds moved overhead. Other big drops fell, but the fast moving wind took that cloud away. Sunlight came through for a moment but the wind seemed to take that away, too. Those that brought umbrellas folded them up before the wind broke them. It all seemed so far away to Don, including the last words of the young Reverend Farrell.
"He wanted to be buried here," he said, sweeping his hand out to include the old oaks. "This is the place of his ancestors and he always liked the view from this hill. May his soul rest in peace."
The funeral began to break up. The officers from six surrounding communities and a contingent from the Department of Safety left first. The members of the town council left next. Belden's many cousins came over to pay their respects, while Gloria's sister squeezed her arm and told her she would go and make ready for the guests. Boyd and Sarah retreated by standing well behind their mother. Don's own parents had not been able to make the trip.
Don watched Zechariah Johnson, the Police Commissioner, come toward them and automatically registered the gray hair that came suspiciously close to a pompadour, the bloat of a red apple face and small narrow eyes. The eyes sharpened as he came closer to the group. A thick neck tightened the collar of his white shirt. He looked Ellen up and down quite soberly and without apology. He took Gloria's hand. Everything came into close focus for Don suddenly. One hand pulled into a fist. His lips tightened.
"He was a great man, Gloria. We will never replace him, truly."
Gloria nodded and took back her hand. Then he turned his attention to Don. Don kept his body completely still, as if waiting for a snake to strike.
"I'm so sorry. I know what Belden meant to you. And I come to you today with hat in hand."
Zechariah glanced down at his hands, which were clasped in front of him. So did Don.
I hope he doesn't actually think he's holding a hat, thought Don.
Their eyes met. Don detected reluctance, even loathing.
"We need an acting Chief. I think you can do it. Will you take the job?"
Don checked with Gloria Drinkwater. She nodded. Ellen seemed surprised.
"Yes," said Don. "Whatever I can do to help."
Zechariah Johnson nodded without saying thank you, took Gloria's hand for a moment then walked away.
Ellen watched Don closely.
"That man doesn't like me and I've never met him," she said. "What's this about?"
Gloria Drinkwater moved closer to the casket. Don didn't answer right away. He was searching the crowd for Mercer and Robert the Third. He spotted the Dispatcher walking away with his mother.
Mercer didn't show. Drunk somewhere, thought Don and turned to Ellen.
"Did you ask me something?"
"It can wait," said Ellen.
"No, it's fine."
"That man. He didn't like me and I've never met him."
Don sighed. "He's Zechariah Johnson, the Police Commissioner. His family has been here as long as the Drinkwaters. He doesn't like anybody who hasn't been here for three generations - including me."
"I see," said Ellen
"And he hates the law that took away the town meeting style of government his cronies controlled and a bunch of other things as well."
Boyd came up next to Don. His legs moved back and forth. He pulled one ear and then the other. Sarah stood next to Boyd. She shifted weight from her right foot to left foot and back again. Gloria Drinkwater stood near the casket with her head down.
Sarah kept her voice low.
"Can we meet you at the car, Mom?" asked Sarah.
Ellen nodded but her eyes stayed on Don.
She watched the way his hands stayed in his pocket and his eyes shifted, just like some little boy trying to avoid admitting that yes, he'd stolen five dollars from her wallet. Ellen frowned. It made V lines between her eyebrows and accentuated the smallness of her mouth.
He's lying about something important, she thought and felt him sliding away from her, into betrayal, back into becoming another lying man.
Ellen's face grew red by degrees. Her breathing came shallowly. Without so much as a thought her hand came out and slapped him hard across the face. She turned abruptly and followed the children to the car. Don stood mesmerized by the sharp pain. Gloria remained facing the casket, in oblivious grief. For some reason, disorientation perhaps, he looked up into one of the large oaks and locked eyes with Ronald Pastiche. The big eyes in the blocky, disfigured face tightened as if in pain. A long sadness settled over his odd features.
"William Baudemagus is evil and he has found fools to do his biding," he said so quietly the words reached Don like a breeze.
Don blinked. The face disappeared.
I'm hallucinating, thought Don.
He turned to see where Ellen and the kids had gone and spotted the white minivan driving out of the gate.
"I want to go home now, Donny," said Gloria Drinkwater.
She didn't notice the red spot on his face.
Don stared at her blankly. His legs started walking toward the land Rover before his mind engaged. He opened the door for Gloria, walked around to the driver's side, slid in and sat there.
Gloria Drinkwater came out of her grief for a moment.
"Don, are you okay?"
"No I'm not," he answered and started the car.

Chapter 37
"I can't stand the thought of nobody living here," said Gloria.
They were standing on the front lawn in the dead grass of November. The wind pushed at Gloria's short hair, the peak of Don's hat and the tops of the bare apple trees behind them. Don smelled winter and car exhaust. Gloria's sister's car idled at the curb. Her sister's husband waited at the wheel.
"Stay, Donny, please. I'll only be gone until the season starts. Four months."
"Sure. I love this farm anyway."
Gloria smiled and kissed him on the cheek.
"Belden would be pleased," she said and got into the car.
Don watched the car until it drove out of sight, turned around and regarded the farmhouse. Belden and Gloria kept it just so. Don wondered how hard he would find it to live here, with all of Belden's things and Belden just not being there.
The upper windows are like big empty eyes, mournful, thought Don and grew a tight smile, remembering thinking this before at the age of twelve. Don tried to think of other things and Ellen came to mind instantly.
Why did Ellen slap me? First she's so sympathetic and even comes with me to the funeral. Now she hangs up the phone every time I call. What's her problem? he wondered, but couldn't think about Ellen anymore without seeing the face in the tree.
Was he really there?
Don shook his head, climbed the wraparound porch, passed through the thick oak door and found the phone. He called Ellen, again. Someone picked up the phone and hung it up. The dial tone seemed to fill the room. Don put down the phone, shuffled wearily in to the living room and sprawled on the couch. The dark clouds of late afternoon made it dark enough to need lamps. Don left them off. Gloria liked it warm in the house, which made it too warm for Don. A floorboard creaked, the furnace started, the refrigerator shut off, the wind whistled through the old casements. It was familiar from years ago. Don yawned.
No more thinking about all this. I'll go crazy, he thought. Don closed his eyes. Images floated through his mind: Ellen's set expression just before the slap; that ugly scar on Pastiche's face; the expression on the Chief's face when he said he would find the sword; the Chief huddled in his bed; the goose down feather; Baudemagus's ugly, gold toothed smile.
Short snorts came from Don's nose. He shifted on the couch, crossed his arms in front of him and twitched.
The dream of the canoe came. Storm swells sent the canoe up at seventy degrees and back down with a bone jarring smash. He grunted with the effort of keeping the canoe into the wind. Any variation or lapse in attention would capsize him.
Once again he made it across the bay to the deepest part off Cate Point. The wind died beneath dark, roiling clouds. The swells calmed. He watched the white clad body float up. Ellen's violet eyes did not see him. The sword rose in her lovely fingers. In the stormy gloom the wide blade seemed to have a barely discernible inner light. Don reached more carefully this time, but it didn't matter. The canoe heeled over slowly toward the sword and the white lady. He reached out for her and not the sword. She shifted the blade toward his chest and he felt the flat of it hard against his head. Cold water took his breath away. He woke.
It took some time for Don to realize he lay sprawled on the Drinkwater couch. He heard the wind in the casements again.
"Oh my God," he said out loud, almost as if praying.
Don heard an unfamiliar creak and sat up, realizing, at the same time, that it had been years since he'd stayed at the farm and new sounds would happen. He stood up, turned on the lamp next to the couch and checked his watch.
Only seven-fifteen? November nights are so dark, he thought and decided to walk the property. He found a flashlight in the kitchen drawer, exited out a side door and headed to the barn.
His sweat from sleeping in too much warmth turned cold, chilling him in the relentless night wind. He moved quickly to the barn through the empty yard. He hardly needed the flashlight, but kept the light well in front of him anyway in case something in the yard had changed. The circle of light showed the locked padlock. Don keyed it open, pushed the small people door through, reached out and pulled the switch to the hanging bulbs. The familiar smells of mouse turds, hay and rotten apples assailed him.
It feels empty, thought Don. And it is, without the Chief.
The darkness beyond the small bulb seemed like black slate. Don longed to be the boy that dared himself into the dark and then ran in fear out into the sunlight yard to Chief Drinkwater: the strongest man in the world. Even things that lived in the dark of the barn feared him.
Don sighed.
"And the strong shall be made weak," he said and remembered how small the Chief seemed in his bed.
Don rubbed his face, sighed again and looked at the statue. It stood in front of a stored conveyor belt under one of the hanging bulbs. The shadow of its own head obscured the face and formed a longer shadow on the uneven ground.
Don walked around it, taking in the details.
"It reminds me of that scary old man," said Don as if starting a conversation with the statue. "If it had teeth one of them might be gold. Well, it has quality. How much could it be worth? And what about the sword, the statue, two weird old men and Belden's death? They all have to be connected. Maybe Mulligan too." The more he walked around the statue the surer of it he was.
"The Chief was smothered," he decided. "This is about big money or this crazy guy or both. I'm not going to wait for the Coroner's report. This is a murder investigation now. And I'm going to need help."
He thought of the steady and calm Smithson.
"You are my new assistant," he decided.
Don locked up the barn and walked back to the house. Purpose marked his stride. Work would also help him to stop thinking about Ellen so much.

Chapter 38
The book was titled: Halloween: From Pagan Ritual to Party Night. The kids had gone to bed and this was Ellen's time, but she couldn't concentrate. The image of Don's startled face kept intruding.
"He was lying. I know when a man's lying to me."
Ellen pounded the book on the chair arm. Tears welled. The knuckles of her fist around the hardcover book turned white. She tried to focus on the words in front of her and managed to read something about a time called an Dudlachd, the black month.
Fits my mood exactly, she thought.
The words blurred and her jaw ached until she realized she was clenching her teeth. Ellen opened her mouth, moved her jaw and wiped her eyes with two fingers.
Relax. Calm down, she told herself.
But she knew she'd slapped Don in the middle of his grief.
"I had to, had to," she said out loud. "His grief doesn't matter next to the children. No one will get near them who lies again."
Her voice sounded hollow and empty in the room. The thought that she had overreacted came into her mind. She heard moaning from Sarah's room.
"Shit," she said, put down the book and went to her. Sarah tossed back and forth in the bed. Ellen held her and stroked her forehead until she became quiet. Most of the dreams she didn't remember. She still didn't know if Sarah made up the dream about Don— not that it mattered anymore.
When Sarah quieted, Ellen put her down gently and turned to find Boyd standing in the doorway.
"I dreamed of Arthur again, Mom," he whispered. "The boy king. There is always light around him Mom and he's telling me things. He said there would be a time for me to help you all. That I am the great protector and when that time comes I will know what to do. And to trust. Always to trust."
Even with only backlight from the hallway, Ellen could see Boyd's small smile. She smiled back. It fell. Boyd needed to smile at waking things.
Sarah's having horrible dreams, Boyd good ones, and mine are fragmented, she thought. Maybe there is something to all this talk of the solstice, or we've been through so many traumas associated with old myths our dreams reflect it.
Ellen recognized the rational view and clung to it. Dreams are merely images of the daily world: experiences put together in a non-linear way.
She didn't say this to Boyd, but did walk him back to his room. Then she put away the compendium and took a mystery novel with her to read while she soaked.
Enough of myths, she thought, even if the solstice is tomorrow.

Chapter 39
The pile of clothes partly behind the beat up old lazy Boy moved. Up and down it went with a slight wheezing sound. Scattered around it were little blue pills, a spilled bottle of Jack Daniels and a scrawled note. A note addressed to "Pussy Boy." The wheezing pile of clothes had fat arms, thick fingers and a beefy head: Mercer.
Ray Mercer did not cry when his wife and child left him. He didn't cry at the Chief's death. But when Don ordered him relieved of his badge and gun he went home and cried until he had no more water. After that he went to the cupboard in the bathroom, found some out of date Valium, and went to the liquor cabinet for some whiskey. He looked at the red and black label, mumbled, "Johnny, my only friend," poured a long finger, drank it with ten blue pills, then sat at the kitchen table and wrote a note of resignation and suicide that placed the blame for his death squarely on Pussy Boy. Then Mercer poured another long finger of whiskey and took twenty more Valium.
You'll never find out who killed the Chief, thought Mercer. No one will ever know.
Mercer stood up and staggered toward his chair. He never made it. He fell to his knees, then onto his back and the fade to darkness began. Mercer no longer cared.
Something came to disturb him: a voice. It came from blackness. Somewhere from deep within Mercer's consciousness a long lost emotion welled: surprise. Wasn't the voice supposed to come out of light? Mercer didn't mind, though. Blackness was what he sought. The voice sounded strong like his commanding officer in the marines, but deep like a shadow over a dark pit.
"You hate him, don't you? He's the cause of it all, Ray. You should have been named Acting Chief, but Don Warner was promoted instead. He has the beautiful woman. He has the job, and he's been working, what, two years? Ray, Ray, Ray, you have been sorely used, my friend. It's time to get back what's yours, Ray. Those valiums were too far out-of-date. They didn't work, Ray. You've got to kill him, Ray. You can't die and leave pussy boy alive, Ray."
A light came: faint, foggy and tinged in green. It grew in the pit of darkness. A red light took its place. It came from Ray Mercer: the red flame of revenge. It grew into a conflagration and became the light in his living room.
Mercer groaned, dragged himself to the bathtub and began to throw up.

Chapter 40
William Baudemagus doubled over in pain. The thing inside him could not be completely banished with either the doctor's nostrum or the herbalist's potions.
"Seventeen more hours," he gasped and found the lounger.
He thought of the statues unfinished, unprepared, how the stars had not been right or the preparations just a little wrong, and the one that worked out perfectly, lost in the old Drinkwater barn.
How could I have known that the forests would all disappear? How could anyone have known? he thought of the years searching, at last finding a forest old enough. All is ready, he thought, if this body will make it.
Tears seeped from eyes closed in pain. He fumbled for the beaker of remedy prepared in advance for this eventuality. A chemist would shudder at the ingredients, including deadly nightshade. But Baudemagus needed hours, not days. He needed the bonds of rationality loose, fluid and an awareness of the boy, the one who would willingly make William Baudemagus disappear forever.
He forced himself to a sitting position, opened his eyes, and as his bony hands shook, he drank, spilling some down his shirt. It took affect almost immediately. The pain lessened, stopped. The light grew brighter, sharper, more visible. William Baudemagus could feel the ancient poison in his blood.
The energy of death's approach, he thought and knew that what others thought of as hallucinations could be used, shaped and built into a reality. But not just yet.
Baudemagus went into the bathroom, washed his face, shaved meticulously, donned his best clothes, used a hair stick to brush up his hair, smiled to himself in the mirror, smelled the scent of rot and saw only a grimacing skull.
So you still have some humor, Baudemagus thought to the sidha. You will do my bidding. He laughed, tied his black silk bowtie, folded a blue silk handkerchief to three points, set it in his jacket pocket, took a carnation from a vase, broke the stem and placed it in a button hole, grinned at the skull, turned and went out of the house and drove the Mercedes to his shop. The time on the dashboard clock said four fifty-five a.m.
It took only about an hour for the old antique dealer to load the most valuable antiques from the safe place into the trunk. The larger items had been removed by truck some days ago as planned. So to the house antiques. The house had sold quietly a month ago.
Baudemagus worked quickly with an eye toward the coming daylight. The rhythm of his speeded up pulse pounded in his ears. The thought of the overgrown adolescent cop filling the shoes of the dead chief brought a thin smile to his lips.
But even a boy could suspect me in the Chief's death. So I'll leave him a present at my lake house. The gift of sleep, he thought.
Baudemagus walked back in, checked the store carefully, came out, closed the trunk and left.

Chapter 41
Don sat in the driver's seat of the blue Crown Victoria in the parking area in front of the station. Smithson opened the door and sat in the passenger seat.
"What's up, Chief?" asked Smithson.
Don flinched.
"Chief," he said. "Don't call me that, Smithson. It doesn't feel right and Belden Drinkwater will always be the Chief to me."
Don stared at the dashboard for a few moments.
"Okay, Detective Warner," said Smithson.
Don raised his eyebrows at Smithson. Their eyes met.
"Thank you," said Don.
Smithson nodded. Don observed the old New Hampshire farmer lines in that long face under a thatch of freshly barbered graying hair. A blue business suit hung on his lean body. Don took in the man's height and his long, lean hands and wondered if Smithson ever smiled. Suddenly Don added up all the changes Smithson had made and knew how seriously the officer took his promotion.
"We are going to investigate the death of Belden Drinkwater," said Don. "And we won't talk about it in the station. No more community rumors started by Robert."
Don stared off through the windshield. Two cars went by on the road in front of the station. Light streaked the sky. November sunrises always seemed bleak to Don. He breathed in the chill air.
Belden Drinkwater is gone, murdered, he thought. Ellen hit me at his funeral. A crazy man whispered at me from a tree.
Don turned to his expectant new partner.
How much should I tell him? Don wondered and decided to leave out dreams, fears and Pastiche in the tree.
Don took a deep breath and plunged in. He gave Smithson the background, told him about Pastiche trying to chop the statue, the story Baudemagus told, how the records showed that no family named Pastiche ever lived in the area, and how Sarah showed the old antique dealer up to be a liar when she described Pastiche's sword.
"Then Belden and I drove to Baudemagus's house and interviewed him. The Chief told him he knew he stole the sword back and vowed to find it. That was the night he died, was murdered, damn it."
Don stared out the windshield at the red streaked sky. The sunrise filtered through the bare branches of the maples across the street.
"Then I found a feather in The Chief's mouth. The pillow had a tiny hole, feathers came out of it when I squeezed. It made me suspicious so I searched the room. The only thing I found that didn't fit was one of those hollow rubber balls under the bed. I keep carrying it around in my jacket." He pulled it out to show Smithson. "There were no fingerprints on it and I found nothing on the scene that shouldn't be there including fingerprints. The Chief probably used the ball to increase his hand strength, but Gloria didn't recognize it. I'm waiting for Preston's report, but I know now the Chief kept his heart problem a secret, and maybe he just died of heart attack and the feather was a coincidence. But I don't believe in coincidences anymore."
Don waited for questions.
"But if the Chief didn't have a heart attack," said Smithson, "no one I know could have smothered him with a pillow. He could bench press three hundred pounds."
"Yes, that's so. But what if he was having a heart attack and someone hurried it along?"
Smithson's expression soured.
"That's monstrous," he said.
Both men watched the sunrise grow to daylight.
"These men live in some kind of fantasy world," said Don quietly. "Pastiche wants to "kill the "evil one," which seems to be the statue. He's really nuts. Baudemagus has something against Pastiche and may want to kill him. The real reasons are lost somewhere in their past. I wish the officers who wrote the report weren't dead, but they are."
Smithson made a sound in his throat. Don glanced at him.
"You said the State Police arrested him the first time. Are all of those officers dead?"
"I hadn't thought of that and it's so obvious," said Don, shaking his head. "Let's find out."
"I have contacts there," said Smithson.
"Good. You can do that. But right now we have somewhere else to go."
"One more question," said Smithson. "Why didn't you declare it a crime scene instead of having me get the kit without anyone knowing? Or at least call in the State Police forensic team?"
"Baudemagus stole his sword back from the station. He knew that the statue had been found as soon as it was reported to the police. He bragged to Ellen Lake that he had "contacts" in police departments. I didn't want the murderer to know that I knew it was murder."
Don started the car.
"I have one request," said Smithson.
"Yes?"
"I drive. Always."
"Always?"
"I don't like the way anyone else drives."
Don shrugged.
"Fine."
They changed places.
"So where are we going?" asked Smithson.
"The Baudemagus's cottage on the lake and to the Olde Curiosity Shop," said Don.
Smithson drove sitting in a ramrod straight position with two fingers on the steering wheel. He didn't slow for cars turning and Don learned the meaning of "rocketing by" at a crowded four-way intersection. Don gripped the armrest and tried not to use the imaginary brake. They reached Baudemagus's shop in two minutes and came to a quick halt in the parking space right in front of the door.
"It's closed," said Smithson.
Don almost smiled. His eyes flashed.
"Did I mention that I have a search warrant? Oh yeah, and this."
Don reached under the seat and pulled out a pry bar.
"If we find that sword I can at least arrest the old man."
Smithson took the pry bar from Don. It took only a moment to pop the latch.
The Olde Curiosity Shop featured track lighting illuminating wooden antique display cases.
"He's anticipated us. It's empty."
Don walked around the big room. In the corner, stood an old rocker with a broken armrest. Several wooden dowels lay scattered on the floor. Places where frames had hung for years showed their outline in the discolored walls. Smithson moved behind the counter, opened a narrow door to the storeroom and turned on the light.
"Empty," he said.
Don came to see.
"Empty boxes," he muttered, very little dust."
Don folded his arms, took in the room slowly, slipped back to the main room and began to pace with his arms folded across his chest and brow lowered. Without thinking about it, he counted paces lengthwise then paced for width. He remembered the moment when he had asked Ellen Lake if her intruder limped. The thought just popped out.
There are no coincidences. Intuition works, he thought.
"Ten wide, seventeen long. Come on," he said to Smithson.
Smithson, puzzled, followed Don next door to the office of Mike Dean, Land surveyor.
Mike was in his office. He registered surprise as he glanced up from a paper-strewn desk.
"Don," he said. How's it going?"
They had been classmates once upon a time.
"We need to pace your office and look at your backroom," said Don.
"Sure," said Mike. "How come?"
"It's an investigation," said Smithson.
"Investigating square feet, are you? Go ahead."
Don nodded, paced the length. Smithson checked the back room.
"Yeah, all these offices were built the same," said Mike.
"Don nodded, paced width, said nothing. Smithson came out, nodded and they returned to Baudemagus's shop.
Mike stood in the doorway and watched them, shaking his head.
Outside, Don turned to Smithson.
"Mike's office was eighteen feet wide. Eight feet are unaccounted for in this shop," he said. "You go to the other side of the building and I will examine this storeroom."
Smithson left. Don headed into the storeroom and examined the walls again.
"Plywood," he thought and studied where the big sheets joined, but it all seemed fine. He began to knock, but the whole thing sounded solid all the way around. Don turned over an old wooden crate, sat down and stared at the floor. Smithson came back.
"Seems okay over there, Ch..Detective Warner."
"Huh," said Don. "The old man is leaving town. We'll have to go to his mansion, but it appears this is well planned in advance, even though the Chief told him not to leave. I bet we find that place empty, too."
Don sighed and looked down at small scratches in the concrete. He stared at them, no plan of action coming to mind. His eyes followed the scratches.
"Oh, for Christ sake," he said.
"Get the pry bar, Smithson."
"Yes, sir," said Smithson and came back a moment later.
Don took the bar and pried at the crack nearest the scratches. The plywood came off with a screech. Don saw the small door behind it.
Don pointed to the plywood.
"New nails,' he whispered. "A simple way to hide the room."
"How did you..?" began Smithson.
Don put a finger to his lips, tried the door. It had no lock and opened easily. Enough light came from the storeroom to illuminate the space dimly.
"Well, I'll be damned," said Smithson.
The room's walls held high metal shelves, empty but for a few glass containers. On the wooden floor, scattered about, stood wooden statues in various states of completion.
Don walked to one half finished one that seemed to be similar to the enchanter found by the Lake farm. Only the lower half of it the body had been carved. There was no mistaking the style and the detail. Don and Smithson scouted around some more. A broken tool, Don recognized as carving tool, lay on a workbench.
"So Baudemagus was a woodcarver too, who never finished a carving?" said Don out loud. Then he remembered how the police report listed what Baudemagus said was a studio as an 'outbuilding.' "Baudemagus carved the statues? Is everything the old man said a lie? Then Pastiche wasn't destroying his own work, but Baudemagus's? So he meant to kill Pastiche after all," said Don. "But why kill the Chief? What did it prevent?"
Smithson found the light switch and turned it on. He began to search through the drawers of the workbench, finding them mostly empty. A tall metal cabinet stood open.
Smithson went to that next. He found it unlocked and empty.
Don stood chewing the inside of his cheek and checked out the room.
"The lake house," said Don and Smithson took them there far too quickly.
As soon as they pulled up the driveway Don's sensed its emptiness. They didn't need the pry bar. The door wasn't locked. Not a stick of furniture or a curtain remained. The sound of their footsteps on the oak flooring bounced off the walls in hollow echoes.
In the living room an old wooden trunk sat in the middle of the floor. Rust mottled its brass trappings. The wood veneer had peeled off like birch bark along the curved top.
"I wonder why he left this?" asked Don.
Smithson went over to it and started to lift the lid. Don got out only a part of the word "don't" as an explosion of white powder hit Smithson in the face. He stood blinking for a moment in a mask of floury white. Don started to laugh at this silly prank when Smithson keeled over backwards and lay still.
Quickly, Don knelt, checked Smithson's breathing and heart. Both stayed slow but steady. Next he ran to the car and called an ambulance. Now he had no choice but to call in the State Police. They came with crime scene investigators who took samples of the powder. Don talked to a Captain Healy, whom he knew, and asked if anyone there knew who had arrested Ronald Pastiche. The Captain spent a moment on his radio and came up with a name. Don called in to the hospital. Smithson's wife Alice told him her husband was okay, but the mixture in the powder, which seemed to be some kind of instant sedative, baffled the lab. Jerry Smithson was expected to recover.
That powder was meant for me, thought Don and the certainty of it chilled him. Why does Baudemagus want me out of the way? he wondered and thought of Ronald Pastiche.

Chapter 42
Don found the dirt road as described near the tiny town of Center Ossipee. The Martin place turned out to be a neat white ranch with a square of dried up vegetable garden and a new SUV in the driveway. When they pulled up a broad shouldered old man with a thick shock of gray hair came out. He stood taller than Smithson and thin as a rail. His wrinkles lay thick on a long face set with alert blue eyes. He smiled the short smile Don associated with cops.
"Elrond Martin," he said. "Captain Healy called me. He filled me in a little. Come inside and have a cup of coffee."
Elrond had a pot brewing. The old cop kept the place neat as a pin without the slightest sign of woman's touch. The living room wall held a big mounted salmon and a bass whose mouth could have encompassed Don's head.
"Pretty big fish," said Don. "Where did you catch them?"
The big lake in nineteen-fifty-two," said the old man with a smile. "I used a fly rod off the town dock in Lakewood. The salmon went eight pounds, the large-mouth is six."
Elrond filled the coffee cups from a filter machine at the breakfast nook adjacent to his small paneled living room. They sat down in well-oiled leather chairs and sipped.
This coffee is excellent," said Don.
"Thank you. It's Kona Gold from Hawaii. One of my few indulgences. Now what can I do for you?"
"Tell me about Ronald Pastiche. You were the arresting officer."
" I guess I will never forget that one. He had one of the sharpest swords I ever handled and he knew how to use it. It cut through wood better than any chain saw, that's for sure. He was hacking a statue to bits when we arrested him. It was my second arrest or thereabouts. He didn't try to chop us, but he did try to run. He was a strong old man."
"Old man?" said Don with a start. "Well, he had to be forty or fifty. I was nineteen. But now I'm sixty two, so it's all relative."
"Go on," said Don.
"He was pretty hysterical. He said the world had great evil in it and he was sent to destroy the evil ones. He had done it over the centuries until the greatest of them was all that was left. That's about all he said. Nothing about why he was hacking a statue that was part of a war memorial. It made no sense but gave me the creeps anyway. Know what I mean? And he was never prosecuted. They just put him in an institution for observation. He was never committed by a judge, as far as I know."
"What?" said Don. "Are you sure? Our records said he was committed."
"My memory is still good. I testified. He was sent in for observation. Maybe I got the outcome wrong. But I was interested, so I think I heard they dropped the charges. Some friend of his had connections."
Don nodded and stood up. He had a good idea who had the connections.
"Thank you," said Don.
"Your welcome. Is this an ongoing investigation?"
"Yes, and confidential."
"I see. Would you come back and tell me the story someday?"
Don nodded, suddenly liking the old man very much.
"One more question," said Don.
Elrond nodded.
"Was Ronald Pastiche a well known sculptor?"
"Not as far as I know. I seem to remember that the statues were commissioned through someone local though, but may not have been produced in town. I don't really know."
"Thanks," said Don and went to his car.
Elrond watched Don back down his dirt drive and turn onto the road. Don accelerated up onto the washboard and stayed there. Don wondered how much money Baudemagus spent to keep the crazy old man inside.
"But why kill the Chief?" muttered Don to himself. "And how does that sword fit in?"
Don thought about how angry the Chief had been with Baudemagus. Don wanted to talk to the Chief. It had always been so when he was puzzled. Don sighed. The next best thing would be to talk to Ellen, which brought another, longer exhalation.
He called into the hospital. Smithson remained unconscious. Don pulled over near Black Brook, a stream by a broken down old mill, and got out. He followed a trail to a small waterfall and watched leaves shoot the tiny rapids and breathed deep of the wet November air. He remembered catching a twelve-inch rainbow at the spot. He lifted his eyes. A mountain of dark clouds moved in front of the sun. Don bent to pick up a small fallen branch, broke off a piece and threw it in. He watched it shoot the rills in a swirl of fallen leaves.
The Chief was powerful, thought Don. So who could smother him if he wasn't having a heart attack? Not some old man.
Don broke off another piece of the stick, threw it in.
How about Mercer? They hated each other, but the Chief would never fire him. Mercer could have stolen the sword and given it to Baudemagus. He has a habit to feed. Same problem. The chief is, was powerful. Mercer is a drunken lard bucket unless the Chief was having a heart attack. Damn it.
Don broke off another piece of the stick and threw it in the water. He watched it hit a swirl and go round and round before shooting off into calmer water.
Oh God, he must have had that heart attack and it was the killer's luck. Has to be.
The thought made Don sick. He tried to throw the rest of the stick across the brook, but it fell short and hit an eddy that sucked it down under a rock.
"Perfect," he said.

Chapter 43
Don tried to make it easier for Delia this time. He came over and sat on the edge of her desk as the woman worked and gobbled a honey glaze donut. Some of the glaze clung to the dark hair on her upper lip. She glanced at him sideways and stopped keying.
"I heard you're the Chief now," she said.
Don shrugged, not in the mood for small talk.
"Delia, can you think of anything else you might remember about the night the sword was stolen?"
Delia took a tissue and wiped her mouth, put the donut back in the box and hesitated.
"Well, I had a dream."
"What kind of dream?"
"A nice one."
Don heard a crackle. He looked at the intercom automatically. It was old and tended to make noise, but only if it was on. Robert the Third manned dispatch.
Old habits die hard, thought Don.
"Excuse me, Delia," he said and headed to the dispatch room.
Robert the Third pretended to be writing in the log.
"What's your interest in this case?" asked Don.
"What case?" asked Robert the Third. His face turned red.
"Robert, this is serious. The Chief is dead. If you know anything about this, tell me now. I know you've been listening. Somebody stole that sword and gave or sold it to Baudegmaus. The Chief may have been murdered because of it."
Robert the Third kept his head down. Don saw the withered hand moving in the pocket. Something about the movement bothered him.
"Robert, talk to me," said Don.
Robert picked his head up and stared hard at Don.
"I don't know anything. I was out four wheeling. Can I get back to work now, Chief?"
A little saliva hit Don in the face from Robert's last word. Don's hand shot out before his thoughts caught up. He found that he had a handful of Robert's janitor outfit.
"If you ever listen to another conversation in this building I will fire you on the spot. As of now you are on probation. Is that clear?"
Don let go of Robert's shirt, spun and left before Robert could see how confused Don was by his own actions. Don stood in the hallway trying to calm his rapidly beating heart.
"That son of a bitch is lying," he said under his breath, "and I don't know how or why."
In a gesture of frustration, Don thrust his fists deep into the pockets of his jacket. His right hand encountered a rubber ball. He pulled it out slowly and squeezed it. His mouth fell open. A clear image of Robert the Third's bad hand moving rhythmically in his pocket flashed. Don turned slowly to look through the glass at Robert and met the man's eyes. Robert saw the ball and suddenly the booth became empty.
Don hit the front door just in time to see the four by four with the balloon tires spit gravel and fishtail south on Main Street. Don jumped in the Ford and followed, siren screaming.
"That damn truck can go anywhere," said Don.
He kept Robert in sight as he turned up Rines Road.
Loose dirt three miles in, thought Don, then swamp. Robert can ride right through it all, he thought.
Don opened the glove compartment, fumbled out the forty-five, realized he had unloaded it, pulled out the box of bullets and dropped the gun and bullets on the seat.
"Shit!"
Don, held the wheel with one hand, put the gun in his lap, managed to open it, swerved onto the soft shoulder, grabbed the wheel with both hands, hit the brakes and slid around a sharp curve. The Ford rocked sideways and he almost lost control. Robert the Third pulled further ahead. Don sped up, attention on the road for a moment, then back to the ammunition on the seat. The box of bullets tipped at the edge of the seat by the passenger door. The car swerved again. Don just missed a large maple, lunged across the seat and managed to hook the box of bullets with his fingers and pull them back up. He sped up again, hit an S of curves pumping the brakes, straightened and saw the big pick-up forty yards ahead. Don put the gun in his lap, managed to open it with one hand, put in one bullet and closed it. A fork in the road became visible. One side dirt, the other paved. A cloud of dust would not make shooting easy. Don made sure the safety was off this time, hit eighty, and realized he'd have to use his left hand or shoot through the windshield. Carefully, holding the gun up to the windshield, he lined up, pulled the trigger and shot. The huge right back tire exploded instantly. Somehow Robert managed to keep the four-by-four on the road for a few seconds before it flipped over a stone-wall, rolled twice and came to rest at the far end of an overgrown meadow.
Don pumped the brakes, locked them up. The Ford rocked forward as he slammed the shift into park, jumped out, hopped over the stone-wall and crossed the field. Robert hung upside down from his racing harness. The thick roll bar had held. Don looked at the gun he still held in his hand, thought of putting it in a holster that was still in the glove compartment and wound up shoving it into the pocket of his pants.
Don pulled Robert out. He seemed dazed but unharmed. Don had never wanted to slap anyone more in his life. He knew if he started he would not stop.
"Why did you kill the Chief?" asked Don though clenched teeth.
Robert came back from his daze, saw his truck first and then Don. He started to cry; it turned to weeping. Don stepped back, grinding his teeth.
"You son of a bitch," he said under his breath.
Robert put his head down in the tall grass and wailed like a child. Don sighed, disgusted with himself for a sudden rush of pity. He waited for what seemed like an eternity until Robert sat up sniffling, eyes red.
"Why did you kill the Chief?" asked Don again.
Robert peered up at Don through the tall grass.
"I didn't. I was afraid. I knew the Chief would know I stole the sword. I owed Baudemagus money. I have no credit. He lent me the money for my truck. I couldn't pay him back and the sword was his, after all. I knew the Chief would know. I couldn't stand it. I went to his house at two in the morning. He was mad, really mad."
"How did this ball get under his bed?"
Don held up the ball.
"It was two in the morning. I knew Mrs. Drinkwater wouldn't be there. I tapped on the window. The Chief screamed at me, put me up against the wall, and I always keep my bad hand in my pocket."
Robert held up his withered hand as if it was a stranger.
"When he put me up against the wall, my hand came out and the ball dropped. I don't know where it went. This was in the hallway in front of his room. But when the Chief stepped back his face seemed to turn to putty and, well, I had to help him to bed. Then I left."
"You didn't call an ambulance?" asked Don, face inches from Robert's.
Robert hung his head.
"You killed him," said Don. "You helped him to bed but he was still breathing so you put a pillow over his face, didn't you?"
Robert kept his head down. Without any further words Don handcuffed Robert and took him to the station.
Don formally charged Robert the Third with the murder of Chief of Police Benton Drinkwater and the theft of the sword. Soon the whole town knew about it.

Chapter 44
Don drove back to the Drinkwater farm and called Gloria Drinkwater at her sister's house. She remained silent at his explanation, but thanked him before she hung up. Don fought a strong urge to call Ellen, deciding he just couldn't take the disappointment right now, made coffee and a ham sandwich, which he didn't think he could eat, and sat down on the couch.
The night turned silent. Too silent. Too many questions remained.
Where is William Baudemagus? If he didn't kill the Chief, why did he leave and why play such a dangerous prank? Where is the sword? wondered Don. He didn't want to think anymore. He turned on the TV. The phone rang.
"This is Zachariah Johnson. I heard you were living at the Drinkwater place," he said. "I just got off the phone with Marjorie Rojas, Robert's mom? She says you boys wrecked his truck and have him in jail for murdering Benton."
Don explained in a monotone. The head selectman listened impatiently.
"All well and good," he said. "But tread lightly with William Baudemagus. He knows everyone and is owed by everyone, although I can't say that he has any real friends. As for Robert, you had better make this stick or you are finished in this town. The boy's handicapped, practically the town mascot in that big truck. You understand what I'm telling you, Don?"
"Yes. But let me tell you something," said Don in a flat voice. "I don't care about this job. When this is over I plan to marry Ellen Lake, buy myself a bass boat and become a fishing guide. I'll stay on until then. Oh yeah, and you can go to hell."
"Don hung up.
"So much for that job," mumbled Don as he sat back on the couch, ignoring the coffee, sandwich and the TV.
I need Ellen, he thought, but she doesn't need me. Hates me. I don't really get it.
Don turned off the TV and sat in the thickening silence listening to the floorboards creak and stared at his lap. The phone rang again. Don debated whether to answer it or not, and answered on the fourth ring.
"It's Preston," said the Coroner. "I have the report. I thought you might like to know first."
Don stayed silent. Preston cleared his throat.
"No doubt, Don. I won't get into the technicalities, but certain processes happen in the lungs with asphyxiation. He definitely died of a heart attack. He wasn't murdered."
"Um, Don?"
"Yeah, Preston?"
"Zach Johnson has been asking me, actually pestering me, for the report. Should I give it to him? Your call."
"Yeah, give it to him."
Don hung up without saying goodbye and put his head down on his chest.
"Not acting chief," he mumbled, "acting buffoon."
He laughed just once, a painful bark, then called the jail and had them release Robert the Third. Don sat with his head down for quite a while. All he could think about was the old antique dealer.
If the old man didn't kill the Chief and only stole back his own sword with Robert's help, why did he leave town so quickly and leave that present for me? What does he have against me? It makes no sense unless he just wants me out of the way for some amount of time. But why? So he can be free to kill Pastiche, of course: The man who destroyed all of his works. How will he find him? Maybe the old man is fleeing prosecution. Maybe the sword is stolen from some museum. But he's vindictive and left that little 'present.' In fact, he's long gone. No, damn it, he's still here. I know it."
Don rubbed his face, took off his hat and scratched his head. He stopped in mid scratch.
"Oh, my God," he said and stood up. "This has always been about the statue. The old man wanted me out of the way so he could steal the statue. Robert must have told him it was here. With me unconscious no one would be guarding it at all! It must be worth more than anyone realizes."
Don thought of calling Robert for verification, but somehow knew he didn't have to.
Don picked up the flashlight he kept by the couch, walked out the side door out into a cold clear night of a full moon. The first winter wind chilled his bones and whistled through the cracks in the old barn. He decided to swing back the big door and leave the lights off. He didn't see that someone had broken the lock on the small door, and he failed to turn on the lights since the moon was at the perfect angle to see into the barn. The moonlight showed an empty space. The statue of the enchanter was gone.

Chapter 45
Mercer helped Baudemagus load the statue onto the bed of his pickup truck. They met at the farm. Mercer had loaded his shotgun, taken his revolver, groaned into the pickup and came to the farm on impulse. The old man had been waiting in the shadows of the old barn like some ancient owl.
Somehow Mercer knew this was the voice in his dream, while he denied the thought that such a thing could be.
"Officer Mercer," said the old man. "Chief Warner will be here soon. If you make some noise you can lure him out here. He will be surprised that the statue is missing. Then you can kill him."
Mercer nodded. The old man made sense and who gave a damn about who had some stinkin' statue anyway? But he did want to know who murdered the Chief.
"Who killed him?" asked Mercer in a sullen voice.
"Chief Warner, of course. He couldn't wait much longer for the old man to die. He's young and ambitious. You will be avenging the Chief if you kill him, Officer."
Mercer grunted. He had wanted to kill the Chief, too. He hadn't been this sober or felt this weird in months.
"Pussy boy will die," he mumbled. "Then nothing much matters."
Mercer gave Baudemagus the keys to the truck. The old man's Mercedes was well hidden on a fire road and he wouldn't need it anymore anyway. Mercer stalked off into the shadows.
As Baudemagus drove away he breathed in deeply. He could feel the last dose of the energizing herb wearing off much too soon. A wave of dizziness overtook him; he swerved and had to pull over. He tried to stay upright by holding onto the wheel, but fell sideways on the seat with the engine running.
"No," he screamed. The vision came.
The old man sat in the hand-carved chair with the dragonhead arms. Crystal stalagmites hung from this place of dripping water and odd echoes. It was not a comfortable place to live, but the old man saw things in the crystals.
On this day he rested with his faithful apprentice in attendance: Vivian of the red hair, delicate features and deep green eyes. She wore her hair long and shining for him. Her simple blood red dress swept the floor of the cave over her dainty feet with the painted toenails.
She had seduced the old man, and although he had trusted no one but the King for many years, he relaxed in the company of his apprentice. He had taught her the secrets and she was an Adept. Absently he drank the thing she gave him. It was warm and good. Too late, he tasted the bitterness of a mixture he knew well: hebenon, most deadly.
He could not change it, but halted it by translating his body into the biggest crystal in the cave.
Not even Vivian's art could touch him there. But she sealed the entrance to the cave, and the King fell soon after. Arthur, dead, and what was once the mobile essence of Merlin imprisoned; the enchanter Merlin mourned. Yet, he still had magic.
He knew what Vivian would choose. He had seen her choices within the crystals of the cave, but his own demise had been hidden from him. A moan grew in the cave as he watched her weave and mix the herbs, intone the web of magic, and trade her immortal soul for the immortality of the flesh. He watched as she drew others to her and performed the rite on them.
How could she not see that they were empty, sterile and doomed? Merlin would have shaken his head, but the crystal held him immobile forever. He had one more act to perform, though in his astral form. This one was not the most evil one, but rather a misled and mistaught boy. Yet, he would have to be the one to make it right.
And so the boy rose from his grave to do the bidding of Merlin the Enchanter.
*
Baudemagus woke to the sound of the engine of the pick up truck. Tears rolled down his face. This was the worst remembrance of all, and not even his. He felt more than a mere November chill. He knew, then, that he could not make it to the wood, that this part had to happen here and now or his body would die, forcing him into a tree to be trapped for who knew how long?
Or maybe I will really die, he thought. These trees have no magic. Who knew they would cut down all the trees? But the boy and statue are ready. He groaned and began the chant.
Strength came as his voice deepened into the guttural tones of the long dead language. The Sihda fog gathered, grew dense. Dim bestial shapes half formed and dissolved. William Baudemagus died. The statue stepped down from the back of the pick up truck, took the jeweled dragon sword from the cab of the truck, sheathed it and headed for the ancient wood. His breath made a cloud in the air, his beard flowed in the breeze and his gown swished through the underbrush. A laugh came from a deep and vital place, full of relief: a strong transition body, no champion to destroy it.
Even if it is the policeman, thought the animation that had once been a man. He will find Baudemagus dead.

Chapter 46
"I was in the forest again, Mom. I saw a glowing light and I came to a clearing. The statue stood there, Mom, and it was Merlin, the real Merlin, and he smiled at me and when I touched him I became Merlin, Mom. Me."
Ellen wanted to stroke Boyd's face but didn't dare. This was as intimate as he allowed her to be, sitting next to the bed listening to him with his sleep cowlicks, striped pajamas, and smiling dreaminess in his violet eyes.
His dreams are so vivid, thought Ellen. And Sarah's dreams are, too, but in her dream someone is chasing her through the wood. In the last dream it was me.
Something struck Ellen about both of their dreams.
"Boyd, you and Ellen both talk about a clearing. Do you remember what it looks like?"
"Sure. It has a huge old stump and a partly hollow trunk with huge trees all around. It's neat, Mom."
"Neat," repeated Ellen, but she wasn't happy about realizing that Sara dreamed of the same clearing, of being trapped there. And supposedly neither child had been to it.
Ellen closed her eyes and rubbed them.
Maybe Don could make some sense of this, she thought and finally resolved to call him and apologize. I overreacted, she thought. Knowing Don, even on that day, he was probably trying to spare my feelings about something. I'll make him tell me, if he can forgive me. But why would he? He was in his hour of need.
Ellen's heartbeat quickened suddenly. Her hands came down from her eyes and she wanted to kick something.
"Oh, God," she said and Boyd focused on her.
"Mom?"
"I'm okay," she said through clenched teeth. Instant weariness dragged at her.
She thought of one more important question, unclenched her teeth and watched her son's face.
"Answer me truthfully, Boyd. I won't punish, you, I promise. Did you and Sarah ever sneak into the forest and find this clearing?"
"No, Mom. You mean this clearing exists?"
"Yes, it does."
"Is that clairvoyance?" asked Boyd.
"Or you heard somebody talk about it."
"Oh," he said. "I don't know."
"Go to sleep, honey."
"Okay, Mom."
Ellen bent to kiss him and for once he let her. When she reached the door, Boyd's voice stopped her.
"Don't worry, Mom. Everything will be okay."
"I hope so," she answered, before going into the living room for the phone.
She reached his machine and hung up instead of leaving a message. She made herself a cup of peppermint tea and sat on the couch. Ellen could hear the wind creaking through the old house and watched the full moon out the big picture window. The hollow light shone on the maples but didn't penetrate their shadows. The old forest behind them presented a solid wall.
"The Nine," she said, regarding their dilapidated darkness. "Myths."
Ellen tried to find her book and saw it on the other side of the couch. She picked it up and found the passage about the solstice.
"November thirtieth," she said. "Tonight King Arthur and the Nine will be sitting with me in the living room, I'm sure."
Ellen threw the book with so much force it surprised her when it smacked against the wall.
I have to do something about my anger, she thought and lay back on the couch.
Her thoughts soon turned to Don.
What was he lying to me about? she wondered. The last time it was a police matter, but not this time.
Ellen worried the problem and then decided to ask the only real friend she had in town.
"Agnes, I'm sorry to bother you, but I need to know something. A young man I know is up for the job of Chief of Police. Yes, Donny Warner. Are there any rumors about us that might be causing some kind of problem? Zechariah Johnson seems to have disliked me on sight."
Agnes's creaky voice came over the line cheerfully. "Oh, you never bother me, Ellen. You children are a delight at the library. And I knew you were going to call. Don Warner is a fine man. Zachariah Johnson is an old fool. He dislikes anyone divorced, flatlanders, non-Christians or of color or Jewish. He won't let Don become Police Chief permanently if he's involved with you."
"I see," said Ellen.
"No you don't," said Agnes. "Something very unusual is happening tonight. You must keep a good eye on Boyd. Don't let him go out."
"What do you mean?" asked Ellen.
"Oh, I don't know. It's in my bones, dear. Instinct. I trust instinct."
"But it's that specific, about Boyd?"
"Oh yes, sometimes it is."
"And what about Don?"
Ellen heard a tone of amusement. "Oh, I don't need my instinct to know that you love him, Ellen Lake. And he loves you, I'm sure. What good man could not?"
Ellen hung up the phone slowly and fought an urge to call Don and tell him she finally understood.
"Why didn't I figure that out? It's so obvious. He practically told me. Until I came along he was the heir apparent. Should I call him? He's so much younger."
She fought off the urge to use the phone and made her way to her room. Ellen tried not to think about him or the other problems, but the full moon's light became too bright for sleep and the shadows from the trees seemed to radiate an unsettling darkness. She tried deep breathing and managed a light drowse that brought her into a fitful sleep. Ellen tossed, turned and dreamed of ladies and castles. The ancient king became Baudemagus smiling at her from under a gold diadem set with his gold tooth. A great darkness grew from his eyes, filled his eyes and began to envelop her. She woke with a start.
The wall clock said eleven-thirty. Ellen checked the children. Sarah snored a bit, and whimpered. Ellen knew better than to wake her. Ellen felt her smooth cheek for a moment, sighed, yawned and moved quietly across the hall to Boyd's room. She stood blinking at the empty bed, ran to the bathroom, living room, summer kitchen: no Boyd.
She looked at the clock. Eleven thirty-five.
"Oh no," she said.

Chapter 47
Don took another few steps in confusion, stopped, jerked around as he sensed a presence behind him. He jumped back at the sight of a big, scarred head. One blue eye and one brown eye regarded him steadily. Don caught a glimpse of the hilt of the sword sheathed on the man's back and thick folded arms. The man stood like a block of wood. The scar stood out in the moonlight. The sword stayed sheathed, and, of course, Don's gun was in the glove compartment of the car.
"We're almost too late," said Pastiche. "He's got the statue and now there's only one way to stop him."
Don thought furiously for a moment, deciding that the only chance he had was to go along.
"Who?"
"Baudemagus, the last and most powerful of the evil ones."
"I see," said Don and thought: and here I am with a madman on a moonlit night on a farm where no one will hear my screams.
Don knew the dark places of the barn and made a run for the door, jumped on a wooden ladder to the loft where he knew an old pitchfork used to be and made it. He found the rusty tool and moved to the edge of the old wooden flooring.
Pastiche stood below him with his arms still folded. He shook his head.
"We don't have time for foolishness, now. Baudemagus will have his victim in the wood and we have to stop him. Don't you understand? Baudemagus is what they call these days a serial killer. He's killed hundreds and always chooses his victims beforehand. It's probably someone in that little family in the farmhouse. I've been trying to protect them and destroy that statue. Because...Oh, never mind. Just believe me that your woman friend and her kids are in danger tonight especially."
Don pointed the pitchfork down.
"Why tonight, especially?"
"It is the last night of an Dudlachd, the black month. On the first of November a magical fog imprisoning the sidha is lifts for thirty days. They were once a mighty force when the ancient forests still existed. In ancient Britain their land was called faerie. Once they were able to manifest as creatures. Now, because of the lack of the life force of ancient forests, they have become like the fog that imprisons them. Although the sihda is weak the evil one can still use them for his purposes if he waits until the last moment of an Dudlachd. Midnight tonight. He must be stopped." Pastiche sighed. "I understand that I am considered a madman. Let's say that I am and this story is a delusion. Then Baudemagus is participating in my delusion. He believes he is an ancient mage, who, when ill or dying, can, with the help of his servants the sihda, place his essence in an specially treated inanimate object and animate it for a time, until a prepared victim is found to touch the inanimate object, in this a case a statue, and their essences will change places. The old man becomes someone else and the essence, or soul of the other is taken by the sidha to feed on until the soul of the victim is no more. Therefore, my young policeman, at best, it is murder, pure and simple. And he believes he can become either man or a woman. Do you understand? All the old forests are almost gone. This is one of the few left with the life and power he needs to gather. It must happen there. It must be tonight. He must be dying, the old body worn out. If he doesn't get into the statue he believes he will have to transfer his essence into an ancient tree and be trapped until someone comes along and touches it. And the victim is almost certainly one of your friends. Are we clear yet?"
Don didn't know what to say.
"You're under arrest," he said.
"Oh, hell," said Pastiche. "We don't have time for this. Come on down from there and let's go. You have work to do."
Don brandished the rusty pitchfork.
"I know that William Baudemagus wants to kill you," said Don. "I know he stole the statue. I can protect you. We can find him before he finds you. Put the sword down and help us help you."
Pastiche's eyes saddened. The long scar puckered as the big lips turned down.
His head is like a block of wood, thought Don, fascinated by the man's ugliness despite his predicament.
Pastiche began to climb the ladder.
"You're a thick one," he said.
"I will hurt you if you climb any higher. You are a wanted man. You sawed off a man's leg and invaded a home. I am duty bound to stop you."
"Sure," said Pastiche and kept coming.
Don remembered that Pastiche never hurt anyone, and saw that the sword stayed sheathed.
I can't stick this into him. He's nuts, not homicidal. Don lowered the pitchfork and stuck it back in the old hay.
Oh no, thought Don miserably as Pastiche reached the loft. I've put myself at the mercy of a madman.

Chapter 48
Ellen woke Sarah. She looked her daughter in the eyes and gripped her upper arms.
"Listen to me, carefully. You must and will be strong. Boyd has gone into the wood following some dream, I believe. I feel that he is in harm's way, maybe from that man Pastiche or Baudemagus. I don't know. You must call the police. Ask for Don. If you can't find him bring the other policemen, and wait here for them."
Sarah made a face. Ellen didn't have time for this now.
"Tell them Boyd is lost in the wood and make them come and find him. Do you understand that you must do this?"
Sarah nodded, fear in her eyes.
"I have to go," said Ellen.
"Be careful, Mom," said Sarah in a shaky voice.
Ellen grabbed a flashlight from the kitchen drawer and ran into the last night of blackness. In her hurry she tripped over edge of the raised garden bed and fell, losing the flashlight. Her hands came to catch her in a perfect fall, but a corn stalk whipped her face. Something trickled down her face. She touched it with a finger, tasted it. Blood! No, no, she thought. Not now. I can't be hurt! Ellen jumped up, searched for the flashlight and spotted the small circle of light just at the edge of the maples.
"Thank God," she said out loud and took a step.
A gentle breeze brought the faint stink of rot. Something long dead, thought Ellen. A mist drifted in among the old maples. A faint chorus reached her ears.
Help us. Free us! Lady Elena!
A chill, not of the weather, trilled up her spine and down her arms. She could not move. Moonlit bark and curved shadow lines formed faces. The Nine: eyes of gray beseeching. Ellen stared. Bodies formed and strained against the prison of ancient bark and wood, bulging toward her. Faces twisted in agony. Wordless screams filled the air. The stink of rot grew, clogging the back of her throat until she gagged. Her vision blurred suddenly. Ellen jerked a hand up, felt the warmth of blood on her fingers. She remembered the whip cut from the plant, wiped it away and closed her eyes. A word, she thought. It came to me in my dream. What was it? Ellen recalled writing it down.
"Sihda," she said out loud. "It was a warning!"
Boyd! she thought suddenly. I must find Boyd!
Ellen took a step. Wailing increased. Leave us not, Lady! Help us!
Ellen grabbed the flashlight and plunged into the forest. The awful smell would not leave. She slowed at greater darkness, swallowed hard and took a deep breath. What was that, a waking dream? I must find Boyd. Ellen shined the light on the huge trees. Somehow she had remained on the path. A faint light shone in the near distance.
Thank God he took a flashlight, thought Ellen.
As she moved closer she thought it might be moonlight through the trees, although somehow brighter. Just in case it was Boyd and her perceptions wrong, she stepped around a tree and came into a space big enough for a table laden with heavy lead goblets, a pig with an apple in its mouth and ten men, all with heavy beards and wide girths, wearing helms of leather and animal fur clothing. Heads nodded to chests. Raw gaping wounds stood out in skulls and faces, showing raw meat, but none bled. One thin man with a hooknose, wearing a gown of blue and a crown of gold set with gems, sat at the head of the table. He stared at Ellen and carried no wound. His wound lay deep in his dark eyes.
The man with the crown said something to the others. They did not move. Ellen, in a state of fascinated revulsion, couldn't tear her eyes away from a man with a bear's head as a helm and an open neck wound. The hilt of a dagger stuck out of his chest. A faint mist seemed to encompass them.
Ellen could not speak, or move. She knew them: Vortigen's Nine. They came to the feast of the High King in a state of truce. There the Saxons slaughtered them so Vortigen could marry the fair Rowena, the daughter to the Saxon King.
"How do you do, Lady Elena," said the High King. "I am Lord High King of Britain, and these are the men I have murdered. I am doomed to sit at this table with their corpses for eternity, in this forest of the new world. But then you know of this, or did once. It is your bastard son who killed me after all."
He lifted a heavy goblet and drank. A red too thick for wine trickled down his chin.
"Alas, I cannot toast you. For you are woman. And it was the fair Rowena who beguiled me. To be with her I sacrificed the lives of the Chieftains; a dirty, contentious bunch of murderers surely, but my kinsmen still. Arthur slew me even though I hid deep in the swamps and he became High King."
Ellen shook herself.
Boyd, she thought. Someone or something is distracting me from finding Boyd! This is a dream, an illusion!
Vortigen smiled and the face changed: hollow cheeks, dark eyes, dour expression. The crown transformed to a tri-corner hat. The rich robe became gray homespun.
"No!" screamed Ellen. "You will not keep me from finding my son!"
She turned and ran as best she could through the November night and the semidarkness of the leafless forest. She did not feel the cold wind that pushed against her, or hear the phantasms that clamored for her to join them at table. The glamour slowly faded as she saw a figure just ahead of her.
Some instinct made her shut off the light, put it down and get up on her toes for silent running. She held her breath for the last twenty yards and caught Boyd, encircling him with her arms. They stood at the edge of the clearing.
"Dear Lady," said a deep and resonant voice. "Let the boy go. He comes to meet his destiny."

Chapter 49
"You've been having dreams. Your friends on the farmhouse have been having dreams. It's something about the Arthurian legends, right? Think man, of all the odd things that have happened."
Don nodded. They locked eyes. Don had never known some one with two different colored ones, but the predominant emotion imparted was not odd. He saw concern and fear. Don shook his head, breaking eye contact.
How could any of this be plausible? he thought. But, damn it, I half believe it.
"Let's see, I'm not good at interpreting dreams, being a warrior and all, but yours might have been about the sword, maybe, since you have the aura of a protector and strong one, too," said Pastiche.
Don nodded again.
"It wasn't a dream. It was a sending. If I had destroyed the statue it would only have delayed Baudemagus. It's the true sword, the one forged from the Logos, or Truth to you, which can kill him. But he must be in his inanimate form in order for this to happen. He's escaped my sword bearers and me about eighty times, but I can't give up because Mryddrin, the ancient bastard, cursed me to find and kill them all. Baudemagus is the last. And I guess you are the sword bearer since no one else presents themselves and you've been having the dream."
"But I never actually get the sword in the dream," said Don.
"That's bad," said Pastiche and for the first time he seemed genuinely distressed.

Chapter 50
Ellen's gaze darted around the clearing as she held her son. There stood the statue and no one.
She caught a movement out of the corner of her eye. The statue's arm moved. The statue smiled. Here stood a person, the color of wood.
"Do not be alarmed. I am William Baudemagus, the true mage Merlin, and I will soon die. Boyd is destined to take my place as the enchanter of the age. He must touch the statue and I will transport all my power, held in this statue, to him. He will live for a thousand years."
The strange human took a few steps. The wooden gown moved like cloth. The thing claiming to be Baudemagus seemed careful to keep its distance.
"I will not hurt you."
Ellen forced herself to look closely at the thing, and slowly brought her eyes to his. They were dark, impenetrable, cloudy. She thought of the stink of rot and the mist. She remembered the Nine in the maples, the High King at table and how he changed into Ezra Snow.
"You are a liar," said Ellen suddenly. "I don't know why or how, but you are truly evil and my son will not come anywhere near you."
"No," said Baudemagus. "I am not. I did what I had to do to get to this place, animate this statue, but it is all for the boy, for the continuation of the magic. Do you want the old magic of the forests to die? It is all but dead in the old world and now hides in the new."
Baudemaugs lifted the jeweled sword from the scabbard gently and turned the light of the jeweled eye toward Ellen.
"Behold the sword, dear lady. Regard the great dragon: symbol of all that will die if you do not allow your son to become the True Mage."
Ellen started to look at the jewel glowing in the moonlight, but Boyd turned and put his arms around his mother's neck in an embrace he had not given in two years.
"It's okay, Mom," he said. "You know about my dreams. I trust him. That is the message: trust."
She took his arms from around her neck and peered into his face, trying to banish desperation and communicate the truth of her intuitions. The bright, hollow moonlight patterned the twisted shadows of branches around and over them. The huge trunks formed a barrier around them. The glow of the jewel seemed to grow. Green light colored the air.
My dreams are odd, thought Ellen and she looked up into the jewel. Why do I want to stop Boyd from doing something in a dream? she wondered.
Her arms loosened. Her mind began to drift. Ellen blinked. Something started up from deep in her stomach. At first it felt like warmth. Heat grew, spreading outward until the very roots of her hair seemed to burn. Her cheeks flushed. Ellen let out a shout that made the boy in her arms blanch and shrank the green light. Ellen regarded her son with flashing eyes and crushed him close. He gasped.
"This man lies," she whispered harshly into his ear. "Just like your father! He lied about the statue. He lied about Ronald Pastiche. Please Boyd, feel the wrongness in the man. I know you can. Protect us, Boyd. Protect Sarah."
Boyd's attention came to his mother from a long way off.
"I can protect you, Sarah and the world, Mom, as Mage. It is my destiny. I feel it."
"Come boy," commanded the voice and Boyd strained against his mother's arms.

Chapter 51
Don found himself sympathizing with, believing almost, in this strange man, until he remembered the forty-five years in a nut house. In his college courses he learned that many delusional people could be quite convincing.
"But there's no time for your doubts," said Pastiche, reading his mind. "You'll have to try anyway. At midnight Baudemagus's essence goes into the statue and then into whoever is chosen. Someone who's been having really good dreams about trust and joy."
Don turned cold.
"Boyd," he said.
"The young boy," grunted Pastiche. "I should have known. Baudemagus must be dying right now and he doesn't want to spend the next fifty years in an ancient tree. Are you ready, at least, to give me the benefit of the doubt now, Detective?"
Don waved his hand, trying to ward off the truth. His disbelief cracked.
"This can't be real," said Don.
"The boy is in danger now," said Pastiche
Somehow Don knew this was true.
"Let's go," said Don.
The men climbed down from the loft and headed for the car. Don watched the strange squat figure in a ragged old work shirt and torn dungarees. Nothing about him appeared to be normal. Don didn't want to think about how the eyes came to be two different colors, or how the arms showed thick muscles but seemed dissimilar. He walked with a slight limp and appeared to be watching the distance even when opening the door of the car. The moonlight showed the ugly keloid scar that ran down his face like a fault line, and hid those eyes under the shadows of deep brow ridges. Don wished just once he listened to the Chief about carrying his firearm. Although he knew now he would not draw it.
As Pastiche opened the driver's door a blast pushed him flat on the seat. His eyes widened in pain. Don ducked into the car and dove for the glove compartment as another shotgun blast destroyed the passenger side window. A hand reached up and yanked Don down. Pastiche, with blood leaking slowly from a fist sized exit wound in his chest, started the car and drove away. The back window shattered, taking off a piece of Pastiche's shoulder, which stuck to the windshield like old gum.
Don finally reached the gun, but had nothing to fire at as they fishtailed onto the road and the blasts stopped.
Don watched the blood slowly seep from the Pastiche's shoulder. A four-inch area of meat clung to the broken windshield. The exit wound in his chest had stopped bleeding, but appeared soft. The red mixed with the filthy cotton of his work shirt.
"What are you?" asked Don.
Pastiche didn't answer as the car picked up speed.

Chapter 52
Sarah paced back and forth in the living room, biting her knuckles. She didn't hear the whimpering coming from her mouth.
"Where are they, where are they, where are they!" she moaned.
"The woods, just like my dream. Oh God, just like my dream. Have to go, can't go."
As if in the dream, Sarah scrawled a note, opened the front door, grabbed her coat and headed out the back door at a fast clip for the woods.
Boyd's in trouble, she thought, bad trouble.
She hesitated at the wall of dark trees. She could see deep into the shadowy interior. No wind. Nothing stirred.
Sarah closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
Trees, grass, branches. That's all. That's all. I can do this. Have to do this.
She stepped in and kept going. She found the path and began to walk faster. Something rustled. She stopped and realized it was her own pants against her leg. She started again, decided not to stop, but did when she was sure she heard a footstep.
She turned. He stood near a huge trunk, his body half lit by moonlight.
"Daddy?"

Chapter 53
Pastiche hunched at the wheel, lurched around a turn. Don held on as best he could.
"The evil one has accomplices," said Pastiche. "Always. That one was trying to kill you. I could feel it. Probably that fat cop."
"Mercer?"
"Yes. Hate for you drips off him like old sweat. Vivian uses people like him the same way the rest of us use toilet paper."
"Vivian?"
"What Baudemagus was once called."
An odd thought struck Don.
"Do you?" asked Don.
For the first time Pastiche looked confused.
"Use toilet paper?" asked Don.
Pastiche almost smiled.
"Just leaves, these days. It's just another wound I've taken in the cause."
Don laughed, but cut it short quickly when he felt the rise of hysteria. His thoughts coagulated, feelings froze. The car moved faster through the November night. The moon imparted steady light in a starless sky. The forest, orchards and hills took on a deep silence. Leafless branches made dark intricate webs of shadows filled with solid dark, retreating only for the headlights. For once the wind stayed still. The air grew crisp with the chill of winter descending.
The thought popped into Don's mind that they were floating in some other place close to earth, not the planet he knew. Don tried to shake the feeling. It stuck with him. A knot grew in his chest.
"Wait," said Don, "this isn't the way to the farm."
"No time," said Pastiche. "We have to go directly to the lake."
"The lake?"
"For the only sword that can kill Baudemagus forever."
"You have it hidden there?" asked Don.
Pastiche sighed again, shook his head.
"My God, boy, if you were any thicker we'd have to drill a hole in your head to let the air in. You dreamed of a sword, remember?"
"Excalibur? Oh come on."
Pastiche turned the car and headed down the steep hill to Lakewood neck and the public beach. A streetlight lit the sand in a shadowless pool of harsh light.
"The beach is closed," said Don automatically.
"Oh you're a ripe one," said Pastiche.
Pastiche parked the car. Don thought of the gun again, but didn't bother. A shotgun blast in the chest had not killed him.
"Drive to the farmhouse now."
"No," said Pastiche.
Don opened his mouth to speak. Pastiche bunched the front of Don's work shirt in his fist, opened the door, dragged him across the seat, along the parking lot to a standing position on the sand facing the water. Don didn't even put up a fight. He stood there in the moonlight, blinking and feeling the knot in his chest grow. His skin burned where Pastiche's fist dug in. Somewhere he'd lost his hat. Don avoided those strange eyes.
"Walk in to the water and keep walking until the sword is offered," said Pastiche.
Don shook his head as if to clear it. The Chief couldn't help him. His own father never had.
"I'll drown," said Don.
"Now," directed Pastiche.
Don took a deep breath and walked toward the water. The moon stood high and perfectly round. The giant craters stood out as irregular blots.
A night to dream, he thought. But I'm not dreaming.
His work boots filled as he sucked in more air. He could see the sandy bottom of the shallows: the white sand of Winnipesaukee. The moonlight rippled in wavy lines deep into the water, across the bottom and his feet.
"Deeper," hissed Pastiche and Don became aware that the man's voice held desperation.

Chapter 54
Ellen began to drag Boyd out of the clearing. She overcame his boyish muscles. But her strength began to fade even with the aid of anger.
"Let him come to me, dear lady," said the statue.
She shook her head, concentrated on moving Boyd another foot.
"You will. Listen," said Baudemagus.
Ellen tried not to, but heard the scream: Sarah. She kept pulling.
"Her father is paying a visit this evening. I took the liberty of inviting him to the inauguration of the new Mage."
Ellen turned pale and stopped. Boyd didn't seem to hear. He redoubled his struggles. She lost her grip. He turned and ran toward Baudemagus. Ellen tackled him into the dirt and sat on him, looking up at the Mage. Dirt and blood smeared her face. Boyd bucked under her.
With a show of reluctance Baudemagus lifted the dragon sword. Ellen recognized the expression in his eyes: glee.
Ellen screamed, slugged the still struggling Boyd with her fist, stood up and began to drag the stunned boy by the feet as fast as she could. Baudemgaus hesitated. The green light faltered. Ellen smelled rot and old newspapers.

Chapter 55
Sarah ran. Branches grabbed at her. She tripped over roots, fell, jumped up, ran faster. She glanced back. He came on, steadily, slowly. All along it had been him. She knew it. The dream: not Don. Him, him. He would never leave them alone, never. She glanced back again and went headlong into a tree, knocking herself down and out.
A figure kneeled over her. He panted from unaccustomed exertion. Sarah's eyes fluttered open. Her hand reached for a place on her forehead, found a lump. She saw the face.
"You're not my father," she said.
"No, I'm Robert. I'm the police dispatcher."
Sarah noticed the pistol in the man's belt. Robert steadied himself and stood up. Sarah sat up. She could see that something about the man wasn't right. His kept one arm close to his body.
"You'd better go home," he said. "I've got a score to settle with someone and you had best not be here."
Sarah looked closer. He wouldn't meet her eyes.
He's afraid just like me, she thought and felt a wave of pity so strong it almost made her cry. She thought of her mother and Boyd.
"Help me find my mother and brother. Please. I'm afraid for them."
Robert stepped back, stared down at the ground and pointed his toes toward each other.
"Please, Robert."
His eyes flicked up to her face at the mention of his name. Sarah stood up and steadied herself against the tree that had knocked her down.
"They must be in the clearing. Something bad is happening there. I don't know what. But I think it has to do with that horrible old Baudemagus and that cop Mom likes," she said.
Robert's head jerked up. He stood straighter, touched the grip of his nine-millimeter.
"Okay, I'll help," he said.
Sarah led the way. Robert touched the pistol again and thought of his truck upside down in a field.

Chapter 56
Don shivered. His pants clung to him. The intense cold penetrated deep into his muscles. He gasped out one step and another. Don felt his scrotum shrink and the lower half of his body turned numb. He knew how long it would take in this water before hypothermia took over. A part of him screamed, "Go back!" He did not.
Don stepped in a hole and fell forward, barely keeping his head out of the water. He stood and felt the soaking cold. He wore cotton. Again. Don watched the waves of light and saw something whiter than the sand.
Dream of moonlight, he thought. A moonlit dream.
White gown, unlined female face with clear eyes of lake water, a beauty that radiated pale light. Not Ellen, barely human, different from the dream, vivid, real. The gown of white joined the light, dark hair spread in the water. She held the sword by the hilt with two hands, the blade flat against her chest. Her beauty made him forget his shivering, while he shivered from head to foot. They locked eyes as she rose and lifted the sword. Don took the sword gently, in humbleness for her beauty, for the moon, for the great unstinting sorrow and compassion he saw in the eyes of water.
The sword seemed to weigh nothing. His eyes moved up and down it. The moonlight made it glow. No, it had its own glow, like the glint in a living eye. He marveled at a plain hilt, blade wide and flat. Don tried to find the woman: gone, loss, alone, leaving warmth, an after image of light. The metal of the sword warmed him.
He stared at it, hefted it lightly, turned to the shore and searched for Pastiche. It seemed that a squat rock stood in the middle of the beach. It moved slightly. Don reached him. Warmth spread to every part of his body.
"We must run to the clearing in the woods. They are there," said Pastiche.
"In the woods at night with a sword?" asked Don
"You know. You looked into the eyes of the lady. Few are worthy," said Pastiche and the scar changed as Pastiche frowned in sadness.
Shadows hid Pastiche's eyes. Don knew his pain all too well. It ran deep with age and wear. Something, a weave of light kept him from unraveling into madness.
I know him now. This is a gift from the lady, he thought. Or a curse.
"Let's go," said Don and the sword glowed as if borrowing moonlight.
Ronald Pastiche and Don Warner ran down the silent road and into the huge trees. Moon lit the forest. Sword lit the way. They ran uphill fast. "He's going to kill a little boy, thought Don.
They found the path effortlessly and ran along it at full speed without a whisper of caution or a thought to falling. Don, in the lead, held the sword upright before him in both hands. A shadow fell across the path. A huge figure blocked their way. They stopped. Mercer seemed to have grown in girth and menace. He held the shotgun from his patrol car and wore a freshly pressed police uniform.
"Pussy boy," he said, face twisting in hatred as he fired.
Pastiche jumped in front of Don, took the blast and fell like an old sack.
"Dumb shit. It's an automatic," said Mercer and turned the shotgun on Don.
A voice distracted him.
"Mercer, what are you doing?"
"Custodian," said Mercer, holding the gun on Don. "You want to kill him? He killed the Chief."
Robert stepped out of the shadows holding a pistol. Don knew if Robert shot he would not miss. He had no idea if Excalibur could protect him from guns, so stood very still.
"No, he didn't and neither did I," said Robert. "I was there, but didn't know he would die. I didn't." Robert's voice choked up.
"Ah, another sweet little pussy boy," said Mercer and snugged the shotgun to his shoulder, sighted down the barrel.
"Put it down, Ray," said Robert the Third.
Ray Mercer laughed. A flash lit the night. The shotgun jumped from Ray Mercer's hand and fell to the ground. Ray Mercer shouted at the top of his lungs and launched himself at Robert the Third. The smaller man fell under Mercer's bulk.
Don ran up, smacked Mercer on the side of the head with the hilt of Excalibur. Mercer rolled like a log and lay still. Don smelled the scent of burning hair.
He helped Robert up.
"Look," said a child's voice.
The side of Mercer's head held a hairless welt the exact shape of the sword's hilt.
"That sword burned him. The sword glows," said Robert. "What's going on here?"
Urgency tugged at Don. He didn't even look around for Pastiche.
"You must go back. Only I can help your mother and Boyd," said Don.
Robert seemed dazed.
"I'm coming," said Sarah.
"No. Help Robert. Get the rest of the force and an ambulance for Mercer. You must believe that only I can help them now. I must run."
Don couldn't wait to see if she would understand. He ran, as he never had before. The path wound out into a wide plain. Don slowed, came to a cliff, stopped.
"This isn't in the Wood," he said.
The knot in his chest turned cold. Don turned slowly, but knew what he would find when he did.
A misty moon hung low over a castle, high towers crumbling with age. Gray vines encircled it. Thumb sized thorns bristled on their stalks. Something flew from the highest parapet and grew larger until it blotted out the moon, covering him in shadow: The giant, black snake had eyes of fire, wings like leather, long snout, talons curved.
The wings folded. It fell toward him like a stone. He stood, frozen in its cold shadow.
The sword hummed. Don stared at it in amazement: real. He jumped sideways. Talons grabbed at nothing. The snake swooped up, turned, landed. Fire burned in the dragon's eyes. Smoke came from it nostrils in streams. Don's back crawled, hair on end. The endless chasm opened behind him.
No bottom, he thought. The ravine has no bottom.
The worm hopped forward, oddly off balance. Don raised the sword and took a step back. The snout swiped down. Don hit out. A stream of red splashed across his face onto the rock, stinking of rot. The dragon screamed a raptors scream. Don slipped, tried to sidestep, fell in the blood. The long tail came around and swept him off the cliff.
He fell, screaming. But he still held the sword. The wind forced it against his chest. It burned. The flat touched his forehead and Don stood in a room facing two windows.
My room at the lake, he thought. His tongue thickened. His forehead heated in fever. The windows began to move from side to side. A figure flew through: Peter Pan with pitiless almond eyes under a medieval forester's hat. He held two long daggers. His lips curled in a feral grimace. He raised the knives and flew at Don. Don held the flat of the sword vertically in front of him. Pan hit the sword with his chest and turned to sparkling dust.
Don found himself on a trail in the wood. He blinked, ran. The trees stopped. Green-tinged light flooded the clearing. Moon shadows laced the ground with branches. Green light receded as he advanced. There stood the statue pointing the jeweled sword at him.
Don shook his head as if to clear the vision away. At the other end of the clearing stood Ellen desperately holding on to Boyd
It's all true, he thought. Pastiche where are you?
From the statue came tendrils of arrogance, malevolence, self-pity and desperation. At its core hid a fearful hollowness, blackness and an angry fear of nothingness. Another being clouded Don's perceptions, sending a burst of hatred like an arrow. It burst against the sword and only a heart-sickening shard reached him. Don understood the Mage and his sihda servant suddenly and wished he did not. Ellen and Boyd's emotions intertwined: Boyd wanting his mother to understand; his impatience to become; Ellen's angry seething mixed with a near panic so deep it took Don's breath away. Don saw that she loved him.
Don pointed Excalibur at the transformed Baudemagus. The statue smiled with big, even teeth.
"Ah, Protector. So Mowdred found you. Amazing. Where is Mowdred now?"
"Mowdred?" said Don.
"Surely you guessed?"
Don did not answer. The statue ignored him.
"The boy must come," said the statue in a mellow voice. "You will be the Mage now, boy. This is what the dreams were about. This is your destiny of greatness, to be the protector of all mankind through your life, as I have been. This is my last act before dying, to choose a successor in this great work. Boyd, trust the dream."
Boyd squared up and faced his mother.
"Mom, He's right. I know he is. Let me go. He's Merlin."
No," said Ellen. "He is a liar and an evil man. I won't let you go."
Why doesn't he just take the boy? Don wondered.
Then he remembered that Pastiche had said the boy must be specially prepared, so maybe he had to come of his own volition.
"Did Boyd have any time when he was not accounted for recently?"
Ellen did not look at him.
"Yes," she said. "He was lost one day for three hours and when I found him he didn't seem to know where he'd been."
"He has been prepared by Baudemagus for this moment," said Don. "His spirit will inhabit the statue and Baudemagus will take his body. The spirit in the statue cannot be sustained and Boyd's soul be eaten by some creatures called the Sihda.. Baudemagus, this evil, will live as it has done for close to a millennium."
The statue attacked Don. Don jumped out of the way of the first thrust and placed himself between Ellen and Boyd. He waved the sword clumsily, barely parrying another thrust and the statue laughed.
"I don't know how you got that sword, Detective. But you are not the one! You cannot harm me even with that sword."
"Come boy," commanded Baudemagus.
Don knew it. He started to choke, shake, almost dropped the sword. He saw his own body, dead, decapitated on the ground.
Boyd struggled, broke free of his mother and ran for the statue. Don's eyes widened as he felt the emotions of Boyd untangle from his mother's fears. His jaw dropped. The shaking ceased abruptly. He turned with Excalibur held in one hand and caught Boyd. He smiled right into Boyd's violet eyes. Boyd struggled, stopped and searched Don's face. Their eyes locked. With an almost unwilling slowness, Boyd's hands came up and wrapped around the hilt of Excalibur.
"You!" whispered Boyd and Don kissed him on the cheek just as the jeweled sword whistled down.
Boyd pushed Don away and met the thrust with Excalibur. The green tinged light vanished. He stepped forward as the statue stiffened. Boyd raised the sword over his head and brought it down with a yell, cleaving the statue from head to foot. As the two pieces fell a moan turned into a strong wind that faded into the trees followed by a faint mist. A wisp of smoke came from the statue, then another. Soon a fire burned.
Three people stood in a tableau of giant trees, moon and firelight: A boy leaning on a sword much too big for him, two pieces of a statue of fine wood rapidly burning, a man and a woman. Then the woman ran and gathered the boy in her arms. The man came, too. They embraced. The boy, no longer a boy, and calm now, let them go and stepped back just as a voice came from the edge of the clearing.
"Well done."
Don, Boyd and Ellen turned. Pastiche limped toward them, his chest a pulpy mass. His scar changed with the shadows of moon and fire. His eyes held an ember glow. If a face so harmed and beaten could hold peace, Pastiche's did. Don and Ellen looked at each other. Don shook his head. There was nothing to be done for him.
"You must throw the sword back into the lake, young man. The hands of the Lady will find it."
Boyd nodded.
"I'm going to die at last," said Pastiche in wonder. "Fifteen hundred years under the spell of the enchanter." He felt the blood gushing from the chest wound. He laughed and fell on his back.
Don, Boyd and Ellen came over and knelt over him.
"It is you, boy, not Don, who is the true champion," said Pastiche. "But Don has always been your protector."
"I know, somehow," said Boyd in wonder.
Are you truly Mordred?" asked Ellen.
Pastiche coughed, face bloodless and spoke. The voice came at a near whisper. The three leaned close.
"Yes, the Great Betrayer. My uncle trusted me to hold his throne while he went to war, but I tried to take it from him. For that, I have paid dearly. The one you call Merlin cursed me to follow Vivian and her apprentices, find my true kinsman, the champion, who could wield Excalibur, and help him to send them to eternal death. Vivian was the last and has gone to a well earned and soulless oblivion."
So you are Mordred of the tale of Arthur? And Baudemagus was a woman?" asked Ellen.
"It is so. Vivian, the enchantress and Merlin's lover, who imprisoned him in the crystal cave," he said weakly.
"But is it not true that only King Arthur himself could wield Excalibur?" asked Boyd.
Mowdred laughed. Blood bubbled to his lips.
"No, young one. There was one other who could wield Excalibur. But his betrayal was the greatest of them all and he has had to spend many rebirths to atone. Each cycle I had to find him and give him the sword, but only to defeat the evil ones and redeem us. And so you have, at long last, Lancelot Du Lac. And I thank you. We will meet again on the Sacred Isle."
The light dimmed and left Mordred's eyes.

Chapter 57
The summer day dawned. Dew glistened on the small green apples and the long grass of the orchard. Don had been up for an hour mowing. Ellen stayed in the house baking muffins. Don took in the hill from the old tractor. He was not surprised to see Boyd standing at the top of the hill gazing out at the big lake. He wondered again if it had been a good idea to bury Mowdred on the hill.
One year, he thought, and Boyd still spends dawns with him. I wonder how much he remembers of that past life?
Don knew Ellen was worried about her son's long silences. But even Sarah was doing better since hearing the whole story. She seemed to consider Don a safe man. Still, they never touched.
Don shut off the tractor and trudged up the hill. Boyd didn't look at him as they stood together taking in the view. The lake glistened in the sun. Don felt the breeze bathe his face. They had done this before. Don didn't do it often. It brought back the memory of the ability to feel everyone else's emotions. Empathy was fine, but feeling, completely, someone else's emotions, was not. Of course, that was how he knew for sure that Ellen loved him.
"May I ask you something?" said Don.
Boyd nodded and watched Don out of the side of his eyes. Now that Don could ask the question he couldn't seem to find the right words.
"The reincarnation," began Don.
Boyd smiled slightly.
No, I'm just me. Even then I was just me with a sword. Still, I am different. I'm not afraid anymore. There are things I know now."
Boyd's smile widened as he glanced sideways at Don.
"I recognized you that night," he said. "That's why I took the sword and knew how to use it."
"What do you mean?"
"I dreamed of Arthur. He was a boy like me. He told me to trust. Thinking back I thought it was a glamour from the sidha and the old man, but his dream was for me to become Merlin. The King had a certain glow in his eyes. A sort of golden healing light when he held the Grail under his robe. When you gave me Excalibur I saw that glow in your eyes."
"But I couldn't handle the sword," said Don.
"Only the one in need of redemption could handle the sword. You are my protector."
"I see," said Don. "Of course the light you recognized was probably from the sword. Nothing more."
"Of course," said Boyd, still smiling.
"Do you think the Sihda still exist?" asked Don.
"Probably. Weakened. Maybe all they can cause now is nightmares. Remember that it called mom "Lady Elena?"
"Yes," answered Don and didn't elaborate. Although the name "Igraine" popped into his head.
They stood watching the hills. Birds trilled from the forest. The haze thickened to the south, obscuring the far shore of the lake. A flock of starlings wheeled overhead.
"May I ask you something also?" said Boyd.
Don turned to Boyd and nodded.
"Do you mind if I call you Dad? I know, in the same way you do, how much you care."
Don could not speak. Since they had bought the farm from Gloria Drinkwater it had been hard for Ellen to split her love and attention. The children seemed to freeze him out, although he felt Boyd respected him. He had hoped it would change, but held no expectations of thaw. Now it was here and Don felt tears coming to his eyes. He grabbed Boyd in a rough hug.
"Thank you," he said. "I would be honored."
They walked down the hill together in companionable silence. Ellen stuck her head out of the screen door, pushed a strand of hair away from her forehead and watched her two men. She smiled, knowing better than to spoil the fragile moment with any other acknowledgement.
"Phone for you, honey."
Don went to answer.
"Don, this is Ray. How would you like to come back to work as Chief?"
Don almost laughed. What a day. Ray Mercer had spent three weeks in the hospital, remembered nothing of his night, joined AA fervently, became locally famous for apologizing to all those he had harassed, and for a strange oblong scar on the side of his head that looked vaguely like a cross and grew no hair. Ray was born again in Christ, lost two hundred pounds and became a lay preacher. When he ran for a Selectman's seat he won handily. Now this. Don did laugh.
"Well, hell, Ray," he said. "I'll talk it over with Ellen."
"God bless you," said Ray and hung up.
Don wandered back into the kitchen and sat down. Sarah sat at the table eating breakfast. The bus would be coming by soon. He heard the shower running. Boyd would be late. Don didn't mind driving him.
"Ray Mercer wants me to be the Chief of Police," he said to Ellen.
She came over, bent down and kissed him.
"Of course he does," she said. "You're the best man for the job."
Sarah looked up from her cornflakes.
"That's for sure," she said with a smile.
Don thought this might be the best day of his entire life.

