





DON’T SAY IT!


R. D. Power




Copyright © 2020 R.D. Power
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law. 

Written 2019-20
First published in electronic format in 2020
First published in soft cover format in 2020
Updated 03/21


Edited by Nikki Rae
Cover designed by Michael Gibson Graphics

ISBN  9781005202606


The author is not a representative of nor endorsed by any of the trademarks used or discussed in this book, which is a work of fiction and not meant to imply or represent reality.

Also by R.D. Power (Novels)

2020
Deep State of Mind
Fate's Chances
Fed Up
For Power or Love
For Power or Love 2
Forbidden
Second Chances
Self-Sabotage
Taylor Made Owens
Thank Sophia for Sam


Dedicated to:

Vasili Alexandrovich Arkhipov and Stanislav Yevgrafovich Petrov, two genuine heroes who refused to follow orders; they thought for themselves and thereby averted nuclear war, saving untold millions of human lives.







“The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out for himself, without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, and intolerable…”
H.L. Mencken

“Whoever would overthrow the liberty of a nation must begin by subduing the freeness of speech.”
Benjamin Franklin





Characters
(in order of appearance)

David Carver - a black 71-year-old retired physician
Peter Kennedy - a white 64-year-old independent reporter, David’s best friend
Brittany Boyd - Peter’s 29-year-old daughter
Pamela Kennedy - Peter’s wife, 61-year-old Professor of Equity, Diversity and Human Rights


Characters appearing in only one scene:

Brandon Boyd - Brittany’s husband, 30-year-old medical resident
Susan Carver - David’s ex-wife in her mid-fifties
Mario Russo – Fat man in his mid-forties
Blossom Sullivan-Feldt – 26-year-old heavyset, minority non-binary woman
Rebecca Schiffer-Milliken – 50-ish woman
Ted Patterson – 30-year-old man
Nancy Abrams – Woman in her mid-thirties
George Christian – 50-ish man
Beverly Martin – 22-year-old minority woman
Bill Putnam – 40-ish man

Bit characters are designated by their profession or activity (e.g., priest, student, protestor). Bit actors may play multiple parts, including single-scene parts.


The first act has nine scenes, the second act six. Seven different sets are required, all sparse: church interior, TV room, basement room, courtyard at university, boardroom, conference room, and hospice room. Scene changes can be handled as the director sees fit.

ACT 1
Scene 1

Setting:     Chapel interior. A few benches arranged on stage in rows facing away from audience at a 45-degree angle. Priest stands before mourners at lectern next to coffin. At the back of the stage is a long table holding finger foods, coffee, and paper cups and plates.

Before rise:     Enter DAVID.

DAVID:     Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our humble playhouse, and thank you for spending a bit of the hard-earned money you have left after the government got through robbing you. This play is about the insanity pervading Western society in the early twenty-first century—a surreal mindset that reveres feelings and ridicules facts; one that ignores existential problems such as war, famine, and stolen elections in favor of such trivialities as preferred pronouns and racist cartoon characters; one where you can be fired for saying all lives matter or there are only two sexes; one where petty dictators forbid you from going outside . . . unless you want to riot; and one that reduces the still sane to despair over the future their children will face should this plague continue to spread unabated. This is a slice of life in 2020, a year of unmitigated lunacy. 2020. [chuckles] You wouldn’t think we’d be so blind. Future historians will no doubt conclude that, having lost all our marbles, we shot ourselves in the foot, crotch, and head and felt good about it. Nothing you’ll see here tonight is hyperbole. These very scenarios unfolded daily in 2020 Western society. In keeping with this mindset, I have two trigger warnings you should bear in mind. First, if you’re a social justice warrior, aka woke, aka leftist, aka progressive, aka politically-correct freak, this play might cause you to have a heart attack and die; you may wish to leave now so we don’t have to step over you on the way out. Second, the person sitting right next to you is probably infected with a hideous virus. Enjoy the play!

At rise:      PETER and BRITTANY sit in last row. DAVID sits near the priest. Bit players sit in pews as well. Priest officiating at lectern next to coffin.

PETER:     God, hear my earnest prayer; make the priest finish blathering already. 
BRITTANY:     Dad!
PETER:     This is a big day for you—your first funeral. I remember my first like it was just last century. I find they’re not depressing at all as long as you never liked the deceased. They’re downright enjoyable if you hated the bastard. Case in point. [gestures to coffin and pumps his fist]
BRITTANY:     Stop that! [pushes his fist down]

[Turn up house lights half way.] 

PETER:     [turns to audience] Wow, this guy knew a lot of people. They don’t look too broken up by his death, though—some are even laughing. [points at laughing person] If you're going to be cold, don't make it so obvious. [gives person a thumbs up]

[Turn down house lights.] 

PRIEST:     The universe is unimaginably vast, and man is such an infinitesimal part of it.
PETER:     [to BRITTANY] It makes me feel humble to think it all revolves around me. . . I’m in a most uncomfortable situation.
BRITTANY:     Me, too. I’m with a person who’s cheering a man’s death at his funeral.
PETER:     I have to sneeze.
BRITTANY:     So sneeze. I’m sure people will understand.
PETER:     I also have to fart, and by the rumbling it’s going to be huge. Will people understand?
BRITTANY:      No! 
PETER:     Why will they understand it out of one end but not the other?
BRITTANY:     Hold it in!
PETER:     [pinches nose] I’m trying, but the sneeze will trigger it.
BRITTANY:      Hold that in, too. If you fart in the middle of the funeral, I’ll die of embarrassment.
PETER:     Easier said than done. [grimaces, takes in big breath to sneeze] Ah . . .
BRITTANY:     Dad, please!
PETER:     [pinches nose] Ah—
BRITTANY:     Dad!
PRIEST:     Scientists tell us the stars are merely big balls of gas.
PETER:     Choo! [loud fart followed by laughter and gasps] 
BRITTANY:     Oh! [keeps head bowed out of sheer embarrassment]
PETER:     [to BRITTANY] Well, at least I can stop pinching my nose. [takes sniff] I spoke too soon. [to assembled] Come on, folks, don’t be so shocked. I’m sitting in a pew.
PRIEST:     [shakes his head] If that man is too rude to apologize, allow me to say to the bereaved family, I’m sorry the service comes to an end on that unpleasant note. 
PETER:     F-sharp, I believe.
BRITTANY:     Dad!
PRIEST:     I was going to wind up by saying that despite man’s seeming insignificance in the context of the universe, we are—each of us—treasured by God, who welcomes Marshall into heaven. The family invites the assembled to file past the coffin to pay your last respects.

[Attendees file past open coffin.]

BRITTANY:     [to PETER as they approach the coffin] Since when do they have open caskets at funerals?
PETER:     You got me. Cadavers put the fun in funerals, though.
BRITTANY:     Before you say anything about the deceased that people can hear, let me just say . . . don’t. 

[PETER’s phone rings.]

BRITTANY:     Dad, for God’s sake, turn off your phone.
PETER:     [answers phone] Hello? . . . Sounds like you’re having a bad day, but mine’s worse. . . Let me stop you there. [steps to coffin] How many dead bodies are you standing over right now? . . . Then you’re having a better day than I am.
BRITTANY:     Dad! I have half a mind to—
PETER:     [hangs up] You have half a mind no matter what you do.
BRITTANY:     Not funny.
PETER:     You’re sounding uncomfortably like your mother. [to corpse] When you get where you’re going, tell Satan to make room for every last neocon, neoliberal, and Marxist on earth. 

[The pair walk away from the coffin.]

BRITTANY:     Dad, your behavior is unforgivable.
PETER:     All right, fess up. Why are you here? You didn’t know this S O B. You’re here at the behest of your mother to control me, right?
BRITTANY:     If so, I’m failing.
PETER:     Go bother someone else. The widow’s bawling; go comfort her. 
BRITTANY:     I wouldn’t know the first thing to say.
PETER:     Then start with the second. 
BRITTANY:     What should I say? ‘I’m sorry’ sounds so trite.
PETER:     Maybe console her with the revelation that his death makes the world a better place not only because there’s one less asshole on the planet, but because he’s no longer taking up valuable resources that can be squandered on someone not quite so slimy. 
BRITTANY:      Dad, you’re acting like a real jerk. 
PETER:     Not acting, dear; being.
BRITTANY:     Let me try again: you’re acting poorly.
PETER:     So? I never claimed to be an actor.
BRITTANY:     I give up. [walks to table with snacks]
PETER:     Mission accomplished. [follows BRITTANY]

[People select snacks and mill about holding paper plates of food, talking and nibbling.]


DAVID:     Hey, you magnificent bastard.
PETER:     Magnificent bastard; I like it. My wife calls me that all the time—except for the magnificent part.
DAVID:     I heard your, uh, explosion during the funeral mass. You may have heard my howls. You made this the most memorable funeral of my life. Was Brit thoroughly abashed?
PETER:     She’s moving to Bolivia disguised as a man and changing her name to Egbert Theodosius the Third, so you tell me.
DAVID:     As far as I’m concerned, it was the only honest sentiment unleashed during the whole service. Till you expressed yourself so flatulently I was struggling to arrange my expression so it looked like I cared that hefty bag of puss died.
PETER:     Maybe underneath that hideous exterior was a warm human being struggling to free himself.
DAVID:     From the huge asshole at his core, yes. 
PETER:     I’m sensing you didn’t like him.
DAVID:     I had just the one objection to him; I hated everything about the man. His son—the fat, ugly one there—is glaring at you. I heard Daddy left him a ritzy golf club.
PETER:     So what? My dad left me a whole set of golf clubs.
DAVID:     Uh oh. Here he comes.

[Marshall’s son joins conversation.]

MARSHALL’S SON:     What you did during my father’s funeral was disgusting! You’ve got no culture, Mister.
PETER:     Huh! Just last month the doctor took a culture from my mouth, and last year I’m pretty sure he plucked one out of my arse. I have culture coming out of every orifice.

 [Marshall’s son walks away shaking his head. BRITTANY approaches.] 

BRITTANY:     Dad, why are you being like this?
PETER:      It was a joke.
BRITTANY:     Isn’t a joke supposed to be funny?
DAVID:     Touché, Brit. 
BRITTANY:     Why are you even trying to joke? This is a funeral. Most people would show some compassion.
PETER:     Most people are idiots.
BRITTANY:     You’re such an embarrassment!
PETER:     Brittany, you know how much I love you, so I say this with love in my heart: shut up!

[Priest joins conversation.]

PRIEST:     I didn’t appreciate that outburst in the midst of the funeral mass. Passing gas in a funeral mass is the height of impertinence.
PETER:     Yeah, sorry about that; I tried to stop it.
PRIEST:     A thoughtful man would’ve taken it outside. Never in my forty years here have I heard the like.
DAVID:     So you might consider his outburst the highlight of your career. 
PRIEST:     I consider my tenure here as highly successful, so I don’t appreciate your humor.
PETER:     Yup, Father, you made St. Matthew’s church what it is today: empty and bankrupt. 
BRITTANY:     Dad, please!
PRIEST:     The Bible counsels forgiveness but I’m finding it difficult right now.
PETER:     The Bible; isn’t that the book where the good guy slaughters trillions and trillions of animals saving only one chosen couple per species, and the evil guy tempts people to do bad stuff? 
DAVID:     That’s just volume one. In volume two, the good guy is the best man ever born, but he’s murdered.
PETER:     Dave! You gave away the ending. No use reading it now.
BRITTANY:     Dad, let me pass along words of wisdom my father drilled into me: shut up. 
PETER:     [smirks] Show your father due respect, Brit.
PRIEST:     [frowns] You say that while disrespecting me?
PETER:     I was being ironic.
PRIEST:     [look of anger] The insolence the priesthood has to endure today is beyond belief.
DAVID:     Well, Father, beyond belief is your specialty here, isn’t it?
PETER:     Perhaps all those priests and bishops buggering little boys is contributing to the disrespect, Father.
PRIEST:     Out of my church! All three of you.
PETER:     [takes out phone and starts to video the priest] Gladly, as soon as you answer one question. I’ve learned that Marshall Anthony’s home parish refused to allow a Catholic burial, so he started shopping around, cash in hand, till he got to your church, hundreds of kilometers from his home. So, Father Ferguson, how much did that pedophile, who defiled innumerable innocent children, pay you to give him a Catholic burial?
PRIEST:     Get the hell out now!
PETER:     Ooh! The H word from a holy father of God. At least tell me if you gave the pervert’s loot to the church—or is it burning a hole in your pocket?

[Priest storms off.]

BRITTANY:     Dad . . . I’m speechless.
PETER:     Then how are words coming out of your mouth?
BRITTANY:     What you did, was . . . disgraceful! How can you possibly accuse a dead man of being a pedophile and accuse a priest of taking a bribe?
PETER:     I have it on good authority Marshall spent much of his lifetime abusing little boys.
BRITTANY:     What authority?
DAVID:     Mine. I testified in a case that was eventually settled out of court for a large sum. Seven boys in his Boy Scout troop had sued him for sexual assault. 
BRITTANY:     Then why are we at his funeral?
DAVID:     You, to police your father; your father to see if any more of his victims would turn up at the funeral and to confront the priest; me to see your father confront the priest for giving this monster a Catholic burial.
BRITTANY:     Oh.
PETER:     Oh. Is that all you have to say?

[Marshall’s son stomps toward PETER and punches him in the face, knocking him to the floor.]

BRITTANY:     Oh! Dad! [kneels to tend to her father]
MARSHALL’S SON:     How dare you show up here and make outrageous false accusations against my dead father! Who the hell are you?
PETER:     [rubbing his cheek] I’m a reporter.
MARSHALL’S SON:     You try publishing your scandalous lies, I’ll sue you for every cent you ever earned!
DAVID:     [speaking to Marshall’s son while BRITTANY helps PETER to his feet] I’m Dr. David Carver. Go ahead and sue, and I’ll testify that I consulted on a case against your disgusting father accusing him of sexually assaulting children. 
MARSHALL’S SON:     [fiercely] He was never found guilty!
DAVID:     Because he settled out of court for almost two million bucks. An innocent man doesn’t do that.
MARSHALL’S SON:     Why can’t you leave well enough alone?
DAVID:     Well enough? He raped little boys!
MARSHALL’S SON:     Leave before I call the cops.
BRITTANY:     Come on, Dad and Dave. [slings arms over PETER and DAVID, and the three begin to head offstage]
DAVID:     [to PETER] You all right?
PETER:     Can you prescribe something strong?
DAVID:     80-proof dark rum. 

[Exit]



Scene 2

Setting:     TV room in Pamela’s and Peter’s house. Scene contains a couch, love seat, wooden rocking chair, end table, wooden shelves holding wine and liquor, and a flat-screen television, which is off. At rise, Pamela and Brittany sit on the couch sipping tea.

PAMELA:     How did the funeral go?
BRITTANY:     You don’t want to know.
PAMELA:     Tell me.
BRITTANY:     In the middle of the priest’s oratory, Dad farted.
PAMELA:     Out loud?
BRITTANY:     Yes.
PAMELA:     [rolling eyes and glancing at ceiling] My God, that man gets worse every day. His favorite pastime is emitting vulgar noises, but in a funeral mass? I bet it was on purpose.
BRITTANY:     It came out when he sneezed. [chuckles] It was embarrassing as hell, but funny.
PAMELA:     I hope you didn’t laugh. All he needs is more encouragement. 
BRITTANY:     I didn’t laugh. I was so embarrassed I couldn’t look at anyone.
PAMELA:     What was the reaction?
BRITTANY:     Mostly shock, judging by the gasps. The priest was upset. David laughed.
PAMELA:     Of course he did. Well, if that was the worst of it . . . [sees BRITTANY’s solemn expression] What else did he do?
BRITTANY:     He challenged the priest for allowing a Catholic burial. I stood there aghast until David told me the dead man had sexually assaulted several boys a long time ago. Did you know about that?
PAMELA:     No. Your father just said he was a piece of work. I’d hoped your being there might make him reluctant to stir up trouble. He doesn’t care what I think any more but he still cares what you think of him.
BRITTANY:     The man’s son punched Dad in the face.
PAMELA:     Oh, what else is new? Is he okay?
BRITTANY:     I think so. He has a black eye and a headache.
PAMELA:     God help us. He’s incorrigible.

[Enter PETER and DAVID from right.]

PETER:     Did we just see a fat man with spiky blue hair and bushy orange beard, dressed in a long blue dress with fishnet stockings and red high heels, carrying a purple purse?     
DAVID:     No.
PETER:     Thank God.
DAVID:     The purse was burgundy.
PETER:     Well, I hope for his parents’ sake, they’re dead.

[PETER sits on the love seat, DAVID on the rocking chair.]

PAMELA:     So, Pete, how’d it go?
PETER:     I refuse to answer on the grounds that you’ll kill me.
PAMELA:     Looks like someone else already tried. Another black eye, I see.
PETER:     I’m fine, thanks.

[BRITTANY’s phone rings, and she walks off stage.]

PAMELA:     You go out of your way asking for it. Brit told me all about the circus at the funeral.
DAVID:     Best funeral ever. If mine’s half as entertaining, I’ll be happy. Pete, I want a loud fart at my funeral.
PETER:     Done.
PAMELA:     That’s a good plan, Pete, as long as you don’t mind growing old and dying alone.
PETER:     Sounds g—
PAMELA:     Don’t say it! 

[BRITTANY returns holding her phone.]

BRITTANY:     Dad, Brandon wants to know what you put in the cat’s bowl.
PETER:     Whatever concoction was in that bottle with the pink label.
BRITTANY:     You fed my expensive baby food to the cat?
PETER:     Oh, crap. That means I fed the baby Meow Mix.
BRITTANY:     Not funny. That baby food is made from only the best organic ingredients; it costs six bucks a bottle.
PETER:     Judging by the baby’s reaction to it, the main ingredient was organic shit. After five minutes of trying I managed to get one spoonful into his mouth, which he promptly launched onto my face. So I gave it to the cat, and the same animal that eats its own puke rejected your costly food, too. So get off your high horse and buy Gerber’s like everyone else.

[BRITTANY shakes her head and strolls offstage talking on her phone.]

PAMELA:     [addressing DAVID] I’ll start lunch and get Rocky there an icepack for his eye.

[She exits to right.]

PETER:     Got your material ready for tomorrow’s show?
DAVID:     Pretty much done. When I get here tomorrow, should I come in your back door?
PETER:     Depends entirely on whether that’s a euphemism.
DAVID:     What? No! 
PETER:     Then yes.
DAVID:     You need psychiatric help. 
PETER:     I found out there’s a march tomorrow morning on campus on behalf of refugees. Should be perfect for the ‘Do As I Say, Not As I Do’ segment of our show. Can you meet me at the courtyard at 10:30 dressed as a Sudanese refugee?
DAVID:     And just how does a Sudanese refugee dress?
PETER:     Pants on one leg at a time, just like us. Don’t be racist.
DAVID:     Funny. 
PETER:     Just put on the shittiest clothes you have, and wear that fake beard.
DAVID:     See you then. [stands to leave] 
PETER:     You’re not staying for lunch?
DAVID:     I have . . . um, a bit of unpleasant news to share with my kids. Oh! I almost forgot to tell you; I’m dying of cancer.
PETER:     Very funny.
DAVID:     Pete, I’m serious. [sits]
PETER:     Jesus Christ, Dave! You’re not kidding me? [DAVID shakes his head solemnly.] Can’t they do anything?
DAVID:     No. Stage four pancreatic cancer.
PETER:     Ah shit, Dave. [puts his hands on his hair and stares at DAVID morosely] How long?
DAVID:     A few months, maybe.
PETER:     If you take chemo, can’t they extend—
DAVID:     I won’t put myself through that for a couple more months in pain.
PETER:     How long have you known?
DAVID:     One month yesterday.
PETER:     Why didn’t you tell me sooner?
DAVID:     Dealing with one’s end is intensely personal. I needed to make peace with the prospect myself. You’re the only one I’ve told.  
PETER:     But . . . you’re my only friend . . . You can’t die. [starts crying]
DAVID:     I’m touched, Pete, but I’ve come to terms with it. You have to as well. I’m seventy-one and have lived a great life. No room for regrets.
PETER:     You’re easily the best man I’ve ever met; of course I’ll regret losing you. And our show—without you, I can’t continue doing it.
DAVID:     Of course you can. You’re a natural.
PETER:     The only reason I still do it is because I have so much fun bantering with you.
DAVID:     You can’t decide now; you have a lot to process. Pete, I need you to be strong; I need you to make me laugh, to make my last days as enjoyable as possible. So get your grieving done and help me through this simply by being yourself.
PETER:     Dying on me is really thoughtless of you, you bastard. [wipes eyes] I’ll pour us some scotch. [gets up, walks to bar, and mixes drinks]
DAVID:     Pass the news on to Pam and Brit. I have to make two difficult phone calls to my children; not looking forward to that. When the oncologist told me the news, she beat around the bush, trying not to sound too negative, I suppose, but I know what stage four means. Her attempts to soft pedal it were irritating. She starts with the usual mumbo-jumbo; you know, telling me about my LDL, BMP, CBC, LFTs. 
PETER:     That’s exactly how I would’ve started if I knew what any of that meant.
DAVID:     I needed someone like you to tell it to me straight.
PETER:     My pleasure. Dr. Carver, I have your test results back; you’re screwed.
DAVID:     Too straight. Give me a less abrupt version.
PETER:     Dr. Carver, cold for this time of year, eh? I have your test results back; you’re screwed.
DAVID:     Not enough detail. Tell me what I’m facing and no sugar coating.
PETER:     [returns with drinks; hands one to DAVID, then sits on rocking chair] You’re facing a drawn-out, bitter, excruciating death.
DAVID:     I changed my mind. [gulps drink] Sugar coat it. 
PETER:     You’re facing a drawn-out, bitter, excruciating death, sugar pie.
DAVID:     [laughing] You made me laugh at the prospect of my own death. Thank you. Keep that up till the end, and you’ll have my un . . . dying gratitude.

[PAMELA enters with icepack for PETER.]

PAMELA:     [hands PETER icepack] Here’s your . . . have you been crying? What’s the matter?
DAVID:     I should go. [finishes drink, puts glass on table, and stands]
PAMELA:     You’re staying for lunch. I’m making blueberry pancakes; your favorite.
DAVID:     Thanks, Pam, but I’m not hungry right now.
PAMELA:     All right, what’s going on? Peter, tell me.
PETER:     [looks at DAVID, who nods] Dave has cancer. He’s dying.
PAMELA:     No! [DAVID and PETER nod.] Can’t they treat—
DAVID:     No, Pam, stage 4; this is it. I have a few months.
PAMELA:     Oh, David! [hugs DAVID and starts weeping]
DAVID:     I have to get going, Pam; need to tell my kids.
PAMELA:     [lets go of DAVID and kisses his cheek] I’m so sorry, Dave. Whatever we can do to help, just ask.
DAVID:     Thanks. Pete, when I come back tomorrow for our show, it’s strictly business. I want to continue doing the show to keep my mind off my troubles, so unless I raise the cancer issue, we don’t talk about it.
PETER:     Fair enough.
DAVID:     See you then. [exits]
PAMELA:     So, in just the last two months Meaghan was diagnosed with lupus, my mother died after suffering with Alzheimer’s for years, one of my best friends was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and my sixty-four-year-old husband’s been arrested twice and been in three fights. [uses tissue to dab eyes and wipe nose]
PETER:     Would some flowers help?
PAMELA:     [exasperated] Do you actually think that could possibly help? What magical flowers did you have in mind to make me happy again after all this tragedy?
PETER:     Gladiolas?
PAMELA:     Is everything a joke to you?
PETER:     Sadiolas? 
PAMELA:     Not funny. How many times have I said that now?
PETER:     Today? Fifty six. 
PAMELA:     And again, not funny.
PETER:     Fifty-s—
PAMELA:     Don’t say it! 
PETER:     You say that even more.
PAMELA:     My mother died, Peter, and you’re joking about it!
PETER:     I’m sorry about your mom, but she was eighty-seven, and she died two months ago, and even you said that was for the best. You’re just bringing it up again now because you like feeling sorry for yourself. As you sit there indulging in self-pity, keep in mind that Meaghan’s my daughter, too, Dave is my best friend, not yours, and I’m the one who spent five days in jail and got smashed in the face a few times. You deal with tragedy, humiliation, and pretty well everything else by whining; I deal with it by joking. I don’t like the way you cope, you don’t like the way I cope. So get off my case.
PAMELA:     I’m not hungry anymore. Have what you want for lunch. [exits]
PETER:     [applies icepack to his eye as he speaks to himself] I’m not hungry either.




Scene 3

Setting:     University courtyard. Several people are walking in circles with signs. Peter enters holding a camera pole.

PETER:     [to DAVID, who stands offstage out of view] You look very refugee-ey. Come out when I call you. [strolls toward protestors while talking to camera] We’re here at Laurentian University, which is Harvard for retards. Students and a professor or two are demanding Canada do more to help refugees. Let’s give them some air time. [steps toward one man holding a sign that reads, Help the Refugees!] Hi, I’m Pete Kennedy. I have a podcast where I can help you publicize your cause. May I ask what you have done to help the refugees?
MALE PROTESTOR:     Well, I’m here today, adding my voice to the call for helping these desperate people.

[A female protestor joins them, holding a sign that reads, Refugees need food, housing, health care, and income.]

PETER:     Your voice? How would that help? Would you sing away their hunger?
MALE PROTESTOR:     It raises their profile among the public, telling them that something needs to be done.
PETER:     Such as?
FEMALE PROTESTOR:     More housing, more health care, more food, more money for social programs to help them settle in Canada.
PETER:     More, more, more. What would you be willing to do personally? Would you give them all your savings?
MALE PROTESTOR:     I would if I had any.
FEMALE PROTESTOR:     I can spare a few bucks from my student loan money.
PETER:     Generous. What if a desperate refugee asked for in-kind assistance? Would you, say, offer a place in your home while he or she gets settled in Canada?
MALE PROTESTOR:     Of course!
FEMALE PROTESTOR:     In a heartbeat.
PETER:     Well, then, I have good news. What are your names? 
MALE PROTESTOR:     Paul.
FEMALE PROTESTOR:     Melissa.

[PETER waves to DAVID off stage. DAVID shuffles in from right, dressed in rags and wearing a fake grey beard.]

PETER:     Paul, Melissa, meet Ahmad.

[Paul looks nervously at Ahmad and reluctantly shakes his hand.]

PETER:     Ahmad is a Sudanese refugee; he lives on the street here, and ekes out a living begging from passersby. So, Paul, can he move in with you?
MALE PROTESTOR:     Uh, well, I, uh . . . I’m not really in the position to do that at this time, because I’m just a student, and, as I said, I have no savings.
PETER:     Just a place to warm up; a place to sleep; a couch. Melissa?
FEMALE PROTESTOR:     My landlady wouldn’t allow it.
DAVID:     [in African accent] Then some food and better clothes. . .  or money?
MALE PROTESTOR:     [defensive and angry, to PETER] Who are you to trot out a desperate person and raise false hopes? Would you offer him a place in your home?
PETER:     You said you would help; I didn’t. In the teeth of the New Great Depression, you’re calling for oodles of money to be spent on refugees, secure in the knowledge that none of it will come out of your pocket. Thanks for starring on today’s edition of ‘Do As I Say, Not As I Do.’
MALE PROTESTOR:     Asshole.

[Paul and Melissa head toward the others, who start yelling and threatening DAVID and PETER, who in turn scoot offstage.]



Scene 4

Setting:     Basement room with no windows. In the middle stands a large wooden desk with two chairs on one side, David sitting on one, Peter on the other. Each has a microphone on the desk in front of him; each has a laptop, as well. On the other side of the desk is a small TV camera, which is on, pointed at the two men. A sign on the wall behind the men reads, Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. For the most part, they look at the camera throughout the scene, with occasional glances at each other when conversing and occasional glances at their computer screen for source material.

DAVID:     Done uploading the videos?
PETER:     Yup; I’ll insert them at the appropriate point in the show during editing. 
DAVID:     Ready to proceed? [PETER nods and DAVID switches video recording system on.] Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this week’s edition of Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. Defying popular demand and common decency, we’re back to poke fun at some of the inanity and insanity that define 2020. I swear we’re living in a Monty Python parody of Brave New World meets 1984. When I arrived this morning, Pete told me about everything he had planned for this show . . . but I decided to stay anyway. 
PETER:     I’d hoped you’d take the hint, but here you are. 
DAVID:     Okay, let’s begin with a trigger warning: several precious, cuddly animals were slaughtered in the production of this show—but it was for your enjoyment, folks, so it’s your fault. 
PETER:     To preclude hate mail, let me assure our audience that we massacre only the cutest baby animals here on Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center.
DAVID:     Let’s break the ice with a bit of small talk. How was your trip to Ottawa last week, Peter?
PETER:     Let me tell you all about my sojourn in our nation’s capital: it sucked.
DAVID:     You should write a travelogue. On to the shallow thought of the week. Pete?
PETER:     Ugly women can never stray when their husband is away because their face is their chastity belt.
DAVID:     Aren’t all women beautiful, Pete?
PETER:     All except ninety-nine percent of them.
DAVID:     Harsh.
PETER:     Another ten percent are cute, including every woman in our audience [looks at audience in playhouse and smiles]
DAVID:     You fooled yourself into thinking you’re in the one percent, Pete?
PETER:     Not even in my prime. My wife was though.
DAVID:     Was? Careful, my friend.
PETER:     [Chuckles] To show how differently men and women think, I mentioned to my wife a couple of years ago how I admired that she’d beaten time and kept her beauty well into her fifties, a good ten or fifteen years beyond most women. I thought it was a high compliment, and that’s how I meant it, but she took great offense. [imitating her voice] “You mean I’m not beautiful anymore?” I mean, No! Look in the frigging mirror. You’re almost sixty, for God’s sake. No one in their sixties is beautiful.
DAVID:     On to listeners’ comments. I particularly like this one: “The two hosts at Kennedy’s Spaced Center are one of the most well-informed, well-spoken, and witty doctors you’ll ever hear . . . and some irritating, useless clown.”
PETER:     Did someone married to me write that?
DAVID:     Not unless you’re married to someone who goes by @PeteSucksTheBigOne.
PETER:     I’ll have you know, PeteSucksTheBigOne, that after this show, while the big-shot doctor wastes time saving a few measly lives, this so-called useless clown is going to eat a sandwich and have a nap because I’m tired from all the nothing I’ve done today.
DAVID:     Way to put him in his place, Pete. 
PETER:     Sometimes a guy has to get nasty or people lose respect for him.
DAVID:     Another listener, who goes by @coma, commented as follows. “Last Sunday, I was looking for a podcast that would be both entertaining and interesting, but I couldn’t find anything, so I ended up here. I don’t remember what you tools were talking about, but within thirty seconds you had lulled me into a coma.”
PETER:     I thought last week’s segment featuring our celebration of World Toilet Day, which I did while sitting on the toilet, was one of our all-time best. Who could possibly forget that? 
DAVID:     Everyone who heard it.
PETER:     All six of them? Come on. I should’ve won an award for the sound effects alone.
DAVID:     Still can’t believe the UN dedicated a day to the toilet.
PETER:     Why? With all the crap that comes out of there?
DAVID:     Good point. The UN has dedicated days to some loony stuff. Here’s a sample: World Poetry Day.
PETER:     A poetry day? Is that ever gay.
DAVID:     International Day of Happiness.
PETER:     Makes me want to kill myself.
DAVID:     World Down Syndrome Day.
PETER:     Whoever thought of that is a—
DAVID:     Don’t say it!
PETER:     If I can’t say retard what’s a good synonym?  
DAVID:     Communist. World Philosophy Day.
PETER:     I think therefore I am sure philosophers are full of shit.
DAVID:     World Food Safety Day.
PETER:     Please. Spoiled food is nothing a good vomiting can’t cure. 
DAVID:     Let’s see; one . . . two, three . . . four . . . five, six . . . seven days dedicated to women or girls; none to men.
PETER:     That’s fine as long as one of the women’s days is International Bang a Beautiful Broad Day.
DAVID:     Nope. International Day of Sign Languages. [PETER extends his middle finger.] World Statistics Day.
PETER:     Keep this up and you have a ninety-five percent chance of being punched in the throat.
DAVID:     International Day of Tolerance.
PETER:     White men excluded.
DAVID:     International Anti-Corruption Day.
PETER:     So says the United Nations, one of the most corrupt bodies on the planet. That’s quite enough, Dave. Next you’ll be listing the delusions of a random schizophrenic.
DAVID:     I thought I just did. What’s with the UN? Shouldn’t they be worried about wars, sanctions, and third world famines and such?
PETER:     The UN is just a tool of Western oligarchs. They don’t give the first shit or a second thought to the third world. 
DAVID:     By the way, we hear all about the first and third worlds. What about the second world? Where is it?
PETER:     Uh . . .
DAVID:     Why don’t you mull it over and get back to me with a saucy witticism when the thought occurs? Okay, let’s get to our weekly celebration of stupidity, our selection of this week’s useless news stories. A trans-rights group recently reported that ninety-eight percent of straight men refused to date a trans woman. The group considered this to be bigotry and hatred. Do you concur?
PETER:     Rule number one for me has always been I’m the only one in my bed with a dick. I guess I have to update this policy for the current insanity to state that if you have ever had a dick, you may not join me in bed. I’m proud to be among the ninety-eight percent.
DAVID:     Bigot.
PETER:     Nigg-ardly person.
DAVID:     Watch it, hon-ky person.
PETER:     Speaking of forbidden words, today’s word of the day is Eskimo. Why such a pedestrian word? Well, yesterday, a Canadian man was fired for saying, “Eskimo.” In Canada! Eskimo! To protest this we’re going to say Eskimo as often as we can without aggravating our audience. Eskimo.
DAVID:     It’s a nice day here in Sudbury, Ontario. Eskimo.
PETER:     The Leafs lost again. Eskimo. 
DAVID:     Why don’t Eskimos play hockey? Ice all-year round up there in Tuktoyaktuk. Eskimo. The Tuktoyaktuk Eskimos beat the hapless Leafs last night. 
PETER:     Go, Eskimos! 
DAVID:     Edmonton has a football team called Eskimos. Leftists are probably having conniptions about that. Last night the Roughriders beat the Eskimos.
PETER:     You said Eskimo; you’re fired! By the way, I learned last night that my wife doesn’t like my breathing, which I suppose means she wants me to stop. Eskimo. Then I let her down again this morning by waking up. Eskimo. 
DAVID:     Aggravated yet? Eskimo.
PETER:     Here’s another good word; portmanteau. Know what it means, Doc?
DAVID:     Some sort of suitcase, right?
PETER:     It has another meaning; combining the sounds of two words into one. A good example is fugly, as in, “That shirt you’re wearing is fugly, Dave.”
DAVID:     That face you’re wearing is fugly, Pete.
PETER:     I turned a lot of women’s heads when I was younger.
DAVID:     Now you just turn their stomachs. 
PETER:     That one’s almost as old as you, Dave. You’d be stupendous if stupendous meant stupid and horrendous. [addressing camera] Turning to Pete Kennedy’s Random Thought of the Day, I think Dave should have a thought for a change. 
DAVID:     My thought is why in the name of God is it so terrible to say, “All lives matter?” I mean, that should go without saying, but they’re telling us it must go without saying . . . or thinking. And if black lives really matter, why don’t they ever say anything about blacks murdering blacks by the thousands in the USA or about blacks dying of war, pestilence, and starvation by the millions in Africa? Why do they try and make me feel oppressed? I’m not oppressed. Canada gave me the opportunity to earn a great living; I love my life here. Stop trying to portray me as a victim! I don’t need anyone’s pity or charity. Stop trying to incite race wars, you irresponsible goons!
PETER:     Today’s thought brought to you by nobody at all since YouTube deleted our channel, in part due to thoughts of the day guaranteed to give social justice warriors aneurisms. Advertisers aren’t keen on reaching an audience that can fit into a phone booth.
DAVID:     Do phone booths still exist? 
PETER:     I look forward to not discussing that. 
DAVID:     Next story from the web last night. I read that the typical couple has sex about 1.3 times per week. How do you measure up, Pete?
PETER:     I account for the point three, and I do it all by myself. 
DAVID:     Shame on you; you’re a married man.
PETER:     What can I say? I grew weary of her standard, “Two minutes? Really!” lecture. How about you, Dave? How do you measure up?
DAVID:     I measure quite long, Pete. Thanks for asking.
PETER:     Not surprising. Dave’s not only our very own historical artefact, he’s our token black, affirmative action hire here at Kennedy’s Spaced Center, and I must say it’s nice when a person of your race . . . works.
DAVID:     And it’s nice when a person of your race pays me for my work.
PETER:     I pay you every cent you’re worth. 
DAVID:     So, Pete, are you saying I’m your slave?
PETER:     Oh, no, I’d never say anything that racist . . . out loud.
DAVID:     [chuckles]	Since I’m not paid for my invaluable contribution I think you owe me something or other so I don’t feel like a slave.
PETER:     All right. As a token of my thanks I’ll give you a gift certificate for one anal bleach at Al’s Assbarn. Go to Al’s for all your ass needs. Al’s.
DAVID:     [laughs] Did you just do an advertisement for Al’s Assbarn?
PETER:     I guess I did.
DAVID:     For free? I ask because we can’t be giving away free advertising time with our current income of zero.
PETER:     Maybe Al will send me a complimentary insert.
DAVID:     What about me? 
PETER:     Besides the ass bleach, you get a set of anal beads used only once.
DAVID:     By whom?
PETER:     [chuckling] It matters?
DAVID:     Let’s move away from that particular orifice, shall we?
PETER:     Bet you heard that from your ex-wife a lot.
DAVID:     Time to leave the silliness behind and get to a serious discussion. 
PETER:     Ass cancer?
DAVID:     We each get a minute to bitch about what bothers us most about the world this week. You go first. 
PETER:     What bugs me most has been bugging me for years, but it gets worse every day; the death of justice in the West. The beginning of the end was when the CIA got away scot free with murdering JFK. It grew worse when they got away with murdering his brother and Martin Luther King—and for those who question any of this, do some basic research, and you’ll find, for example, the civil case that King’s family won against the government for killing MLK. The real perpetrators of 9/11 were never caught. Those who started the Iraq war using the Weapons of Mass Destruction canard never even lost their jobs—same with the reporters who cheered it on. The bankers and brokers responsible for the huge financial crash of 2008, which cost millions their jobs and houses, were never punished. On the contrary, they received bonuses and were left in place to make matters much worse. The main movers and shakers in the USA and Britain behind the Russiagate fiasco—which was far more egregious than Watergate—were never charged, even though everyone knew who they were and what they did. That’s the thing; by now, everyone knows the rich and powerful can get away with anything, while the plebs get thrown in jail for operating their own small businesses during a pandemic. One major reason why the West is in terminal decline. Dave? 
DAVID:     What bugs me most is economic sanctions that the Americans employ in an effort to sway public opinion against the regime in power. “Regime change” is the euphemism used to hide the tragic consequences of this illegal policy. When used against poor countries like North Korea, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Cuba, Syria, and Iran, it impoverishes entire societies, inducing the collapse of infrastructure, even the whole economy, which leads to tens or hundreds of thousands of early deaths through lack of access to food, medical treatment, fuels, and on and on. Humanitarian crises, in other words. And what if the policy succeeds? Then the outcome wouldn’t be some peaceful transition to a beneficent leader; it would be civil war with all the tragedy that would entail, including another excuse by the US to intervene militarily. Employed against strong countries such as Russia, sanctions could cause a war that spins out of control to envelop the entire planet. 
PETER:     Why don’t I excuse myself, have a nap, and go for a stroll around the globe while you finish getting to the point?
DAVID:     My point is the monsters responsible for the policy of economic sanctions should be charged as war criminals. Also, you’re an asshat.
PETER:     I concur with everything you said. You win this week’s bitch session.
DAVID:     I hesitate to ask, but I need to know; what do I win?
PETER:     You can kick any five orphans at St. Mary’s Orphanage.
DAVID:     That sounds fun. I hate orphans.
PETER:     Oh! I just remembered where the second world was just after I looked it up on the internet; the former Soviet bloc. I guess nowadays it’s migrated to Western Europe and North America.
DAVID:     Very good. You win a set of ass beads used only twice!
PETER:     [laughs] Twice? That’s why you were grinning before. Thanks, Dave; that’s exactly what I never wanted.
DAVID:     Pete, answer me this: Why would a man need a maxi pad?
PETER:     When a mini pad just won’t suffice?
DAVID:     Well, Pete, according to the LGSYXXBQ, or whatever ridiculous initialism they go by, trans women—that is, men who consider themselves to be women—can have periods. I’m a physician, and I can tell you that isn’t true since no one with a Y gene has a uterus, but no one should need medical training to reject the notion as pure poppycock. [pauses, then speaks to camera] Okay, it’s time for our field work. As you know, every week we go out into the community to showcase today’s Idiocracy. This week we first take you to a funeral to say good riddance to the best kind of pedophile—a dead one. Oh, and Epstein didn’t kill himself. 
PETER:     Conspiracy theorist!
DAVID:     Climate denier.
PETER:     Transphobe.
DAVID:     Fascist.
PETER:     Poopy head.
DAVID:     That was really disrespectful. 
PETER:     Dr. Poopy Head.
DAVID:     That’s better. After the funeral comes this month’s “Do As I Say But Not As I Do” episode. We’ll be going to the university to interview students and professors on the topic of refugees. Enjoy. [turns off camera and microphones to address PETER] Okay, system’s off. 
PETER:     I figure we need about ten-twelve minutes from those two segments to fill up the half hour. 
DAVID:     Sounds about right. Ready to resume? [PETER nods, and DAVID switches video recording system on and faces camera.] We hope you enjoyed this week’s edition of “Do As I Say, Not As I Do.” Leftists are so predictable. Give the needy everything under the sun, but don’t you dare touch my stuff! And now, ladies and gents, it’s the part of our show our audience most loves . . . to fast forward through; two-minute rant time. You’re up first, Pete.
PETER:     My rant concerns censorship—a critical concern here since our show has been censored virtually into oblivion. We were regularly getting audiences of over half a million people until YouTube hit us with a series of low blows culminating in deplatforming us—taking away our station and sending all our previous videos into the void. As for our website, if you type in ‘Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center’ in Google search, our site does not come up! We survive on Bitchute and Brighteon with an average viewership of about a thousand, but with no income we have no capacity to do any real reporting anymore. Censorship by the tech companies is worse, in a way, than censorship by government. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter et al aren’t prohibited from censoring free speech because they’re private companies. The government could designate them as publishers subject to free speech laws but they won’t because censorship is in the interest of the government and their oligarch masters. Most censored speech questions the narrative presented by the government via their media mouthpieces. Social media companies host the vast majority of communications that take place between people, and they alone determine who may communicate and what they can say. There’s no resort to the courts for those censored because the companies have immunity. They can banish anyone they like—or rather don’t like—and that includes anyone who questions their leftist agenda. In a just world they’d all be banished to hell. Dave, rant away.
DAVID:     Here’s a great quote from Orwell: “Some ideas are so stupid that only intellectuals believe them.” And here’s one that’s hard to top: diversity. This notion seemed sensible until intellectuals took it to the extreme. On many university campuses it’s morphed into anti-white hysteria. Modern-day diversity is primarily racism against whites. The diversity bureaucracy in Canada and the US is expanding at a breathtaking pace, and diversity commissars in big American universities get upwards of half a million bucks a year. For what? Hectoring people with ludicrous edicts starting with what body types to hire and enroll, then expanding to protection of so-called vulnerable groups, then hate speech codes, then policing microaggressions, then perpetual grievance about pointless issues, then training everyone to think like they do. Conform or else! These petty tyrants are responsible for the death of free speech on campuses all across the Western world, not to mention the ruination of many careers. Make a joke, say the wrong word, call a trans man a woman, and that’s the end. How did they get this much power? The millions colleges are wasting on this nonsense is bad enough, but the cancer has spread from campuses to the media, social media, Hollywood, governments, and even private corporations. This is serious business, and it’s starting to risk our very culture. This cancel culture has to stop!
PETER:     Well done, Doc. Do you think this economic reckoning we’re facing will spell the end of some of this nonsense?
DAVID:     Logically, it should, but I’m not sure if logic exists anymore. Moving on, our next segment is this week’s Kennedy’s Spaced Center Award for Social Justice Warrior Lunacy. Congratulations, NASA, you win. Your decision to make Muslim pride a priority of the organization is stupidity on a galactic scale.
PETER:     David, I’m surprised by you. In the 1960s, NASA was overrun by evil white men who only cared about science and not important stuff like diversity and inclusion. Yes, they put men on the moon, but they did it with only white guys.
DAVID:     Katherine Johnson did a lot of their math. 
PETER:     Yes, but their excuse was she was brilliant, not that she was a black female, so they included her for the wrong reason. Disgraceful! Today, NASA has evolved into an inclusive organization emphasizing Muslim pride and other worthy causes ignored in the less enlightened sixties and seventies. They even help people panic about global warming by fudging a bunch of data. Surely NASA can sacrifice space exploration for these more worthy ends.
DAVID:     Today’s Kennedy’s Spaced Center Award for SJW Lunacy goes to NASA. Someone should explore the empty space between your ears, you Marxist morons. We’re almost out of time in our weekly half hour, so I want twitter-like responses to these vital questions.
PETER:     You mean mindless and insulting drivel?
DAVID:     No, just the gist. Fifteen-second responses. Why are American soldiers still in Afghanistan?
PETER:     Originally to set off the war against terror after the 9/11 false flag. Since then, to keep the arms manufacturers and bankers happy, to keep opium profits flowing into CIA coffers, to pilfer rare earth resources, and to keep a close eye on Russia, China, and Iran.
DAVID:     Why are American soldiers in the Middle East?
PETER:     To control the global supply of oil and defend the petrodollar, to cut into Russia’s monopoly of supplying natural gas to Europe, to steal the Iraqi gold, to keep the arms manufacturers and bankers happy, to destroy several Muslim states, to fake chemical attacks in Syria, and to keep the Sunnis fighting the Shiites at Israel’s behest. Israel’s control of American foreign policy is nothing less than astonishing. A great majority of American politicians are willing servants of Israel—makes one wonder what Israel has on them.
DAVID:     Let’s ask Epstein—oh, wait, they killed him. Why are American soldiers still in Korea?
PETER:     To keep the arms manufacturers and bankers happy and to keep a close eye on Russia and China.
DAVID:     Why are American soldiers in Africa?
PETER:     Originally, they were in Libya to prevent Kaddafi from nationalizing the oil reserves, to enforce the petro-dollar regime, and to steal the Libyan gold. Beyond there and since then, to keep the arms manufacturers and bankers happy, to control and profit from the continent’s massive natural resource riches, and to keep a close eye on Chinese activities there.
DAVID:     What are Americans doing in Ukraine?
PETER:     Initially, to remove a president partial to Russia and start a civil war to keep the arms manufacturers and bankers happy, to usher the country into NATO and surround Russia, and to steal the Ukrainian gold. The whole plan went awry when Russia stepped in to stop the capture of its sole warm-water port in Crimea, which made the Yanks have a fit and probably led to the downing of the Malaysian airliner. Nowadays, the Americans remain there to keep the pressure on Putin, who had the nerve to defy them, and to share in the graft that corrupt Ukrainian oligarchs continuously suck out of their country.
DAVID:     It’s crystal clear that, besides being the primary destructive forces on earth, the United States military and CIA are ruining that country’s economy, reputation, and soul. 
PETER:     [glances at laptop] Oh, this just in: Joe Biden has promised to end the Spanish-American War, if elected.
DAVID:     [chuckles] Americans have to choose between a senile, corrupt pedophile and a pompous fool for president. Not that Trudeau is any better. Okay, to wrap up, we’ll talk about a fun topic. Pete, of all the cars you’ve owned, which was the most fun to drive?
PETER:     My sixty-seven convertible Mustang. It was a hoot to ride around in, but something went wrong with it every month.
DAVID:     Just like a woman. My favorite car to drive was a seventy-two convertible MG Midget.
PETER:     Sure wish I owned a midget. I could kick him when I’m depressed, toss him at things, have him scratch my knees, look up women’s skirts and report back what he found, and too many other uses to name.
DAVID:     We both picked convertible sports cars, but they were very different cars. The Midget was a classic.
PETER:     Not very different; somewhat different.
DAVID:     What’s the distinction between somewhat different and very different?
PETER:     A mallard duck and a mottled duck are somewhat different. A mallard duck and the Statue of Liberty are very different.
DAVID:     Well, you had the duck and I had Lady Liberty. That’s it for today’s show, folks. Thanks for joining us, and we’ll see you next Sunday. [DAVID pushes button to shut off camera and microphones.]






Scene 5

Setting:     TV room in Pamela’s and Peter’s house. At rise, Pamela sits on the couch.

PAMELA:     [addressing PETER, who has just entered] I didn’t appreciate your quips about my faded looks and how I reacted to your insult.
PETER:     Since you pretty much hate everything I say or do, I’m not surprised.
PAMELA:     You have no business airing our dirty laundry to anyone in the world.
PETER:     I’d say approximately no one tuned in, so you have nothing to worry about.
PAMELA:     You know damn well a lot of your jokes get tweeted around the internet.
PETER:     With no attribution. Who could possibly tie anything I say to you?
PAMELA:     Anyone I work with!
PETER:     You’ve told me innumerable times they hate me. What, do they watch my podcast just to get more pissed off at everything sensible than they already are?
PAMELA:     Just leave me out of your stupid show.
PETER:     Fine, if it’ll preclude any more of your criticism.
PAMELA:     I’m not giving you a blank check to say whatever you want.
PETER:     [loudly] You think you have the right to police everything I say? Who the hell do you think you are?
PAMELA:     Stop yelling at me. You still don’t seem to understand that your controversial opinions can have negative implications for me at work. Deriding transgender people, joking about their periods— 
PETER:     Tell me, Professor Pam, can men have periods?
PAMELA:     Of course not.
PETER:     Then why don’t you contest that when the idiots you work with claim men can have periods and babies?
PAMELA:     Because I have to work there.
PETER:     First, you don’t have to work there—
PAMELA:     Well one of has to work. We don’t have enough money otherwise.
PETER:     You don’t have to work there. Second, is it not your job to teach the truth rather than inculcating your students with foolish fairytales? Have you considered what damage you may be doing to them?
PAMELA:     I have a career, Peter. It’s insulting how ready you are to have me just throw it away and toss us into the street.
PETER:     Wow, now you’re getting melodramatic. Did you consider for one second how you continue to react to my career being destroyed by YouTube? I worked my ass off for years to earn a huge audience from all across the planet. I made myself into one of the best independent journalists anywhere. My videos invariably got stellar ratings, and I was right about almost everything I reported on, which is why the bastards took me down. I was too good at getting out the truth that they wanted hidden. Yet never did you compliment me on my success, and not once did you commiserate with me when they took it all away. Quite the contrary, you were happy I lost my career because some of what I said embarrassed you. Now here you sit feeling sorry for yourself that a career in a part-time job paying you barely thirty grand might somehow be at risk because of something I said. You’re a goddamn hypocrite. And guess what, Professor Pam; the first to go in this unfolding Great Depression of the twenty-first century will be useless disciplines like Equity, Diversity, and Human Rights that teach hogwash and prepare students for nothing more than bitching and bothering people.

[PAMELA shoots to her feet and storms offstage. Sound of door slamming]


DAVID:     [enters] Uh, sorry to interrupt but I forgot my meds so I came back to get them. I kind of overheard your spat. You okay?
PETER:     Don’t interrupt me when I’m in the middle of feeling sorry for myself. [smiles sadly] She’s busting my balls over some of the things I said on our show.
DAVID:     She took it personally? 
PETER:     [nods] Pam’s now permanently critical of me, and she disagrees with everything I say. 
DAVID:     She’s critical because what you do and say tends to cause her trouble in her social circles. She works with highly political animals; diehard socialists, who despise you. She has a legitimate concern that some of the hatred might rub off on her. She’s afraid, not only of losing her job, but of being rejected by the company she keeps.
PETER:     I guess that makes sense. My problem with her goes deeper, though. At the most fundamental level, she’s lost all respect for me even to the extent of refusing to laugh at anything I say. This from the woman who told me while we were dating I was the funniest person she’d ever met. [lowers head and sighs] Now I can’t even make her smile.
DAVID:     [pats PETER on the back] Well, I hope you two work things out; I think you’re both fine people. I’ll fetch my pills and get going.

Scene 6

Setting:     Courtyard on university campus. Students meander through, many wearing face masks. A busty woman in a short dress sells pies for charity. 

On rise, Brittany walks to her husband, Brandon, kisses him, and squeezes his bottom. 

BRITTANY:     [strolling along, holding her husband’s hand] What are you thinking about?
BRANDON:     Nothing. 
BRITTANY:     Same as always, then. [phone buzzes; she focuses on phone and absentmindedly speaks to BRANDON] How’d . . . this morning . . . go?
BRANDON:     [seeing she isn’t paying attention to him] I ate lunch, then I shot some nuns, got raped by a rabbit, and came here.
BRITTANY:     [typing into phone] What’d you . . . have . . . for lunch?
BRANDON:     Rack of school bus. 
BRITTANY:     Sounds good . . . [looks at BRANDON, who is now gazing at the pie peddler and giving her a once over] What did you have? Brandon? [BRITTANY looks at pie lady.] You’re a married man, Brandon.
BRANDON:     Don’t remind me.
BRITTANY:     Funny. You’re still staring at her legs; she’s beneath you.
BRANDON:     I wish. God help me, look at her delectable—
BRITTANY:     Don’t say it.
BRANDON:     You always assume the worst of me. Trust me, and let me finish.
BRITTANY:     Fine.
BRANDON:     Tits.
BRITTANY:     Jerk! [punches his shoulder] Why are you looking at her tits?
BRANDON:     Because you didn’t want me looking at her legs. By the way, when you were squeezing my butt a minute ago, were you hinting you want to have sex or was it just me?
BRITTANY:     It’ll be just you. 
BRANDON:     [phone rings; he answers.] Hello? . . . Seven? . . . Okay.
BRITTANY:     Who called?
BRANDON:     It wasn’t my mistress! Why would you even ask me that? [BRITTANY smirks and shakes her head.] Work; they want me to show up an hour early.
BRITTANY:     [phone beeps; she looks at it and smiles] You have to see this. 
BRANDON:     Is it a naked woman?
BRITTANY:     No.
BRANDON:     Then I don’t have to see it.
BRITTANY:     It’s a video of a black dog sitting next to a white dog, and the black one puts his paw over the white one’s shoulders. [shows her husband video]
BRANDON:     Cute.
BRITTANY:     Oh, I see why Mom sent this. Guess who’s in trouble with the Ontario Human Rights Commission for posting a racist caption?
BRANDON:     Your dad.
BRITTANY:     Who else? Look what he said. [shows BRANDON her phone.]
BRANDON:     [chortles] That is the perfect caption.
BRITTANY:     Maybe, but not very smart posting it on the internet.
BRANDON:     What are we becoming, Communist China? Do we have free speech or not?
BRITTANY:     You sound like Dad.
BRANDON:     Isn’t that him over there getting arrested?
BRITTANY:     [looks] Of course it is.

[Campus cop wearing face mask puts handcuffs on PETER. BRITTANY and BRANDON approach.]

BRITTANY:     Hi, Dad. What’s new?
PETER:     Not much. 
BRANDON:     What did you do this time?
PETER:     Just posting signs that say, “All Lives Matter” and “It’s okay to be white” on campus. Since I’m under arrest I guess all lives don’t matter and it’s not okay to be white.
CAMPUS COP:     [to PETER] Take your signs down and you can go home to your wife. 
PETER:     Go home to my wife? Suddenly, rotting in jail doesn’t seem so unpleasant.

[Campus police officer leads PETER away while BRITTANY and BRANDON observe.]

BRITTANY:     See you later, Dad.
PETER:     Bye, honey.





Scene 7

Setting:     TV room in Pamela’s and Peter’s house. At rise, Pamela sits on the couch, Peter on the rocking chair.

PETER:     Why didn’t you ask me? I must have a thousand times more experience speaking in public than anyone else you know. Plus he’s my best friend.
PAMELA:     Because it’s never a good idea to give matches to an arsonist.
PETER:     The people roasting him will cause as much laughter as the Spanish Inquisition.
PAMELA:     They can look on the internet for some jokes. They can learn from watching other roasts, which I suggested.
PETER:     They won’t even know what to look for. Somber people can’t learn to be funny any more than midgets can learn to be tall. You either are or aren’t. Period.
PAMELA:     You know, it’s insulting to hear you criticize my choices for this event. I’ve worked really hard to pull this together. One thing’s for sure; you’re not going to roast Dave. That would guarantee a disaster.
PETER:     If you’re afraid of the reaction, why not just leave the perpetually offended idiots off the invitation list?
PAMELA:     The great majority of people David knows are from the university. The university is providing a free conference room for the roast, too, so we needed to include some administrators.
PETER:     Who’ll be policing speech.
PAMELA:     Count on it.
PETER:     And you’re okay with that?
PAMELA:     I am, yes. All it means for the roast is being respectful of people’s feelings and not insulting particular groups.
PETER:     Have respect; no insults. Sounds more like a church gathering or business meeting than a roast.
PAMELA:     You don’t have to come if you don’t want.
PETER:     Tell Dave I won’t be there. See what he says.
PAMELA:     It’s your decision to come or not. Don’t tell David about the roast. I want this to be a surprise. I told him it’s a retirement party.

[enter DAVID]

PAMELA:     Dave, nice to see you. How do you feel?
DAVID:     Better today than the last few. Tired, though.
PAMELA:     Sit. Hungry?
DAVID:     I could maybe have a little snack. [sits on love seat]
PAMELA:     Pete’ll get you a drink, and I’ll get a snack. [exits]
DAVID:     I overheard Pam say something about my retirement party. I hate those things. I don’t want to go, but I don’t want to insult her. I’d use my cancer as an excuse to say I’m too sick to attend, but I know she’s putting a bunch of work into it.
PETER:     [fixing two drinks] I’m not supposed to tell you but I think I have to; it’s not going to be a retirement party. Pam’s planning a roast.
DAVID:     Oh. That could be fun, especially with you as emcee. Throw in some naked women and I’m there.
PETER:     You think Pam would chance me as emcee? She said she wouldn’t give matches to an arsonist.
DAVID:     She’s keeping you away?
PETER:     She knows that wouldn’t fly, but she’s decreed I’m to only observe.
DAVID:     Maybe, just maybe . . .
PETER:     What? [hands DAVID drink and sits]
DAVID:     Nothing. Just maybe. [takes sip of rum] Maybe I should hijack the proceedings by admitting an arsonist to the ranks of roasters.
PETER:     Bold of you.
DAVID:     Just think of the fireworks. The kind of people Pam would invite won’t really roast me. They’re all so worried about hurting anyone’s feelings they’ll put the room to sleep with boring anecdotes. Most of them can only make me laugh by accident, usually because they say something ridiculous, and none of them will chance saying anything daring. But you . . . you’ll tear me a new one, and much better, you’ll horrify them.
PETER:     That would really piss off Pam. I’ll do it!
DAVID:     Use the same format as they do for the TV roasts; turn your guns on each of the roasters sitting at the head table before you get to the guest of honor. But, unlike modern roasts, I want you to be funny, not gross, and don’t hold back. Consider this my send-off party from earth. As I’m lying on my death bed I want to remember my best friend giving all these leftist, woke jackasses strokes with a full-frontal assault on political correctness. 
PETER:     I’ll need to think up some bits. What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
DAVID:     Uh . . . you know how you’re supposed to stop at a red light?
PETER:     Of course.
DAVID:     I banged three whores in one night in Amsterdam.
PETER:     [chuckling] I’ll have to find a way to include that. We just have to figure out a way to get me in as emcee.
DAVID:     Should be easy on the spot. Just upset the chosen emcee, who’ll stomp away in a huff. Then you step in. On a less cheery note, I made initial contact with the hospice yesterday.
PETER:     You’re not dying alone; you’ll stay with me and Pam.
DAVID:     I appreciate the offer, Pete, but the hospice has the expertise and facilities to handle what I’m facing. I don’t want to drag you two through shit—some of it literally.
PETER:     My offer stands. Just let me know. Got your costume ready for the Halloween affair?
DAVID:     Yup. Looking forward to it. 

[PAMELA returns with snack as scene fades.]




Scene 8

Setting:     Boardroom of Ontario Human Rights Commission. The room contains a rectangular table, surrounded by chairs. A few posters adorn the walls.

At rise, an Asian female commissioner (wearing a face mask) and Peter sit on opposite sides of the table. She has a small stack of papers from which she cites the complaints made against Peter.

COMMISSIONER:     Mr. Kennedy, I’d appreciate it if you would wear a face mask.
PETER:     You think they work to stop Covid?
COMMISSIONER:     Of course.
PETER:     I don’t, but if I’m wrong, you have one on, so what’s the problem?
COMMISSIONER: [shakes head] You’ve been called here to answer to several complaints made against you, your website, and podcast. This hearing gives you the opportunity to respond to the complaints. I’ll then decide what penalties, if any, will be assessed.
PETER:     Where are my accusers? Is it not my right to face them?
COMMISSIONER:     This is not a court of law.
PETER:     Then what precisely is it? Are you a judge?
COMMISSIONER:     I’m a lawyer. The Human Rights Commission is a body empowered by the provincial government to apply the laws and regulations—
PETER:     Are you subject to the Canadian Constitution?
COMMISSIONER:     We are subject to the laws of Canada and—
PETER:     You must then be subject to the free speech provision of the Constitution.
COMMISSIONER:     That is not an absolute right as evidenced by more recent laws passed by the province and federal government pertaining to hate speech.
PETER:     Free speech is the absolute right of any human being; the Constitution is supposed to guarantee that. Governments cannot take that away, legally or morally. Yet you, in your ultimate wisdom, presume to do that as long as you can label it hate speech.
COMMISSIONER:     We’re not here to debate the law, and if we were, you’d lose. 
PETER:     [chuckles] I’d lose? Is there any doubt about the outcome anyway since you were chosen to crack down on whatever the hell hate speech is?
COMMISSIONER:     We’re wasting time. Let’s get to the complaints. On April seventh of this year, you posted a video of two dogs sitting down facing the camera. A black dog put its paw around a white dog’s shoulders. You wrote the caption, “This be my white bitch.”
PETER:     Pretty funny, eh?
COMMISSIONER:     Not in the least. It’s insulting to blacks, making fun of their speech and implying that miscegenation is improper.
PETER:     You inferred that; I didn’t imply it.
COMMISSIONER:     Second, even you must know the B word is an affront to all females.
PETER:     The definition of the word ‘bitch’ is a female dog.
COMMISSIONER:     How did you know the white dog was female?
PETER:     Well it didn’t have a penis, but who cares anyway? It was supposed to be funny.
COMMISSIONER:     It wasn’t funny; it was racist. Next, on May third, you showed a video with a white man closing a tanning bed and emerging as a black man with the caption, “How to qualify for government jobs, top schools, and welfare.”
PETER:     Just a comical comment on employment equity.
COMMISSIONER:     Not comical. Racist! 
PETER:     You should know that my friend Dave came up with that caption.
COMMISSIONER:     Maybe I should speak to him about his racism as well.
PETER:     You should also know that Dave is black.
COMMISSIONER:     Uh . . .
PETER:     Speechless? Blacks can’t be racist, right? On the other hand, all whites are racist simply for being white. That’s the leftist position, right?
COMMISSIONER:     It’s your show, so you’re still responsible. Moving on, on June twenty-first, you posted a picture on your blog with a black man standing beside two apes and the caption read, “‘There goes the neighborhood,’ muttered one gorilla to another.” What do you call that if not racism?
PETER:     Humor.
COMMISSIONER:     It wasn’t funny.
PETER:     Dave thought it was hilarious, and it got nearly four hundred thumbs up and only twelve thumbs down, so less than three percent of my audience agree with your assessment.
COMMISSIONER:     Then your audience is racist. There’s such a litany of examples of hatred in your material, I don’t have the time to cite them all, so I’ll skip to the worst one. I could barely contain myself when I read it. You ridiculed a meme wherein a woman of color asserts that science is racist and sexist—and, without question, it is—with this outrageous quote: “Just because nearly everything useful has been invented by white men doesn’t mean science is racist and sexist; it means that God is, and if it’s good enough for God, it’s good enough for me. So shut your mouth and make my dinner, wench.” [shaking her head] What in the world were you thinking?
PETER:     I was thinking that slapping the labels ‘sexist’ and ‘racist’ on an objective system of facts, principles, and knowledge was ludicrous.
COMMISSIONER:     Do you disagree that science has to this point been restricted mainly to white males?
PETER:     Scientific advancements have, yes. 
COMMISSIONER:     You just proved my case.
PETER:     I’ve done nothing of the sort. All I stated was a fact: white men have invented nearly everything useful.
COMMISSIONER:     Even thinking that proves you’re racist and sexist.
PETER:     Oh? Who invented the printing press? White man. Calculus? White man. Steam engine, white men; telephone, white man; electric light, white men; car, airplane, radio, television, space rocket, computer, internet, antibiotics, small pox and polio vaccines, insulin—
COMMISSIONER:     Stop!
PETER:     Name me one ingenious innovation by women or non-whites , one, anywhere near as important as any of these. . . No response? That smartphone you’re clutching? It was not invented by a person of color or a woman. 
COMMISSIONER:     This isn’t getting us anywhere. It’s not as if you invented any of those things.
PETER:     No, and I’m not looking for any credit, but neither do I deserve any blame for past crimes of white men. Leveraging that blame is your raison d’être. The main purpose of my show is to shine the light on appallingly stupid opinions like science is racist and sexist. Science helps all races and both sexes.
COMMISSIONER:     All genders.
PETER:     Both sexes! Your very purpose is to try and shut down free speech in this country. No matter what arbitrary penalty you come up with to try and muzzle me, it won’t work. I’ll keep on doing what I’m doing, and I’ll do a special show focusing on this witch trial.
COMMISSIONER:     Am I to understand you’re threatening me?
PETER:     There was no threat, stated or implied. You sit there on your high horse, brimming with condescension, judging me, insulting me, instructing me, then bristle when I have the nerve to defend myself? I have no respect for you or what you represent. I hold you all in contempt. How dare you presume to have the power to quash free speech! Who the hell do you think you are? 
COMMISSIONER:     You’re making me extremely uncomfortable. Please leave.
PETER:     Gladly. Whatever fine you come up with, I’m not paying. I’ll go to jail before you get one red cent out of me!

[PETER exits as commissioner sits agog.]



Scene 9

Setting:     Courtyard at university. Enter from left, PETER with blackface, wearing a feather headdress and poncho. Enter from right, DAVID with whiteface, wearing a white suit, white hat, western bowtie, and black shoes. DAVID records scene discreetly with his phone. Several students, some with face masks, approach PETER. 


STUDENT ONE:     You have no business making a mockery of various cultures like this. You have no understanding of what it’s like to experience prejudice all your life, yet here you are making fun of it.
PETER:     I’m making fun of the concept of cultural appropriation. 

[Man and woman holding hands stroll by.]

MAN:     [laughs at PETER] That’s great, dude! [spots DAVID and howls] Oh, man, that’s perfect. Can I take your picture?
WOMAN:     Devin! You know what these people are like. [drags her boyfriend offstage]
STUDENT TWO:     [to laughing man] Cultural appropriation is no laughing matter!
PETER:     I think it’s a riot.
STUDENT THREE:     [minority person to PETER] You’re trying to cause a riot. My culture is not a costume! You don’t have permission to steal my culture!
PETER:     Whose permission?
STUDENT THREE:     Anyone’s! You . . . you simply cannot dress like that.
PETER:     Obviously I can since I did. I see you’re carrying a smart phone. That’s white man’s technology, and you don’t have my permission to use it.
STUDENT THREE:     [shoves PETER] Shut up, fascist. [exits]
PETER:     Why isn’t anyone harassing that guy there? He’s a black man wearing whiteface.
DAVID:     [to PETER] Come on, man. Let me for once see what it’s like to be the oppressor! [students cheer and clap.]
STUDENT ONE:     Cultural appropriation can only happen when someone of privilege steals elements of an oppressed culture.
PETER:     Privilege defined as white.
STUDENT ONE:     Yes, and your ignorance proves your privilege. You have no clue that you’re being deeply offensive to people of color.
STUDENT TWO:     By appropriating minority cultures you’re dehumanizing them.
PETER:     How? 
STUDENT FOUR:     [a woman not wearing face mask] By turning them into a caricature. You’ll never see me insult any culture by appropriating their look.
PETER:     Too bad; you have a face made for a burqa.
DAVID:     [to PETER in southern US drawl] Hey, nigger, your kind ain’t welcome here. [students laugh and cheer.]
STUDENT FOUR:     [to PETER] Do you feel the dehumanization; the degradation? That’s how a black man feels every day.
DAVID:     I do? Oh, I mean, I do!
PETER:     What about my feelings?
STUDENT FOUR:     Your feelings don’t matter! Get it through your thick skull.

[Student Three returns with campus cop, who’s wearing a face mask.]

STUDENT THREE:     There. [points at PETER] He’s bothering us. Arrest him!
CAMPUS COP:     [to PETER] You again? You just exist to cause trouble, don’t you?
PETER:     Perceptive. You’ve caught my essence.
CAMPUS COP:     You’ve made your point, now please leave.
PETER:     Can’t say no to such a reasonable request. I know when I’m not wanted.
DAVID:     Then why’d you show up in the first place? [students laugh and pat DAVID on the back until he turns to PETER] Let’s go home, Pete. [puts arm around PETER’s shoulders]
PETER:     You’ve got it, pal. 

[Pair exits as students stand stunned. Close curtain.]

ACT 2
Scene 1

Setting:     Conference room at university. Long table on small platform in the front with eight chairs facing the crowd, four on either side of a lectern in the middle. Seated are the emcee and two roasters. One empty chair to the left of the lectern is for the guest of honor. At three round tables beside the dais are twelve people; four at each table, seated. Attendees have just finished a meal and dishes are being taken away. At one table are Peter, David, and two guests. At another are Susan, Pamela, Blossom, and another guest. At the third are four roasters. Some are wearing masks.

PAMELA:     [speaking to PETER at next table] Did you enjoy your lamb?     
PETER:     Never mind what I did with my lamb.
DAVID:     [speaking to SUSAN at next table] Look at you with your fancy new boobs.     
SUSAN:     You paid for them, so eat your heart out. I see you got all dressed up for the occasion.     
DAVID:     [wearing jeans and a t-shirt] I choose my clothes based on how I feel.
SUSAN:     Then you must be feeling like a vagrant.
DAVID:     Did you fish that dress out of the trash bin behind the Salvation Army?
SUSAN:     Hilarious.
DAVID:     Steal those shoes off a dead clown? [PAMELA laughs]
SUSAN:     All right, let’s call a truce. Stop the insults. 
DAVID:     [to PETER] Pam seems to be in a good mood tonight.
PETER:     I couldn’t ask for a kinder and prettier wife; if I did Pam would kill me. But to your point, as far as I can tell she normally reserves her bad moods for me, but let’s not follow that tangent. A more interesting diversion is the waitress’s cleavage. 
[Waitress is leaning over taking drink orders at the next table.]
DAVID:     What is she, seventeen?
PETER:     God no; I’m not that depraved. She must be eighteen—otherwise she couldn’t serve alcohol.
DAVID:     You were saying about her cleavage?
PETER:     I’m dying to lunge forward and dive in. Then I want to swim in her gene pool.
DAVID:     And no one would blame you except society.
PETER:     Think she’d welcome attention from an old man?
DAVID:     Bound to; right after the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders drop by to rape you.
WAITRESS:     [approaches table] Can I get you gentlemen another drink?
DAVID:     No, thank you, but Pete is quite anxious to get something from you.
WAITRESS:     [smiles] What can I get you?
PETER:     Twenty years if I follow my baser instincts.
WAITRESS:     [frowns] Pardon?
PETER:     I shouldn’t, but I guess another drink won’t kill me.
PAMELA:     [notices PETER’S attention to the waitress] Oh yes it will, you dirty old man.
PETER:     [ignoring PAMELA] Bring me another rum and diet coke. I’m watching my figure. [Waitress smiles, nods, and leaves.] [to DAVID] I lied right there. I was actually watching her figure. 

[MARIO approaches.]

MARIO:     Hey, Dave, I’m really sorry about your cancer diagnosis.
DAVID:     Thanks, but let’s not think about that tonight. I hear you’re off to Africa.
MARIO:     Yes, next month. To tell you the truth, I’m having second thoughts about going on a safari.
DAVID:     Don’t be silly. Focus on how fun and fascinating a safari will be. 
PETER:     There’ll be plenty of time for second guessing after a lion runs off with your right arm.
MARIO:     Not helpful. Any useful tips?     
DAVID:     Yes. Stuff your pockets with meat.
MARIO:     Seriously, do you think safaris are dangerous?
DAVID:     Depends. Who do you think would win a foot race; you or a cheetah?
MARIO:     [chuckling] I couldn’t win a foot race with a turtle. Looking forward to roasting you. 

[MARIO and other roasters take seats on dais while PAMELA walks to lectern.]

PETER:     Hey, if you get nervous, just imagine me naked.     
PAMELA:     Throwing up will not help me.
PETER:     Good one!
PAMELA:     [addressing audience] Excuse me, if everybody is ready, can we get the roast going? 
PETER:     [to DAVID] You want to hear a really pretentious word? 
DAVID:     Not really.
PETER:     Grandiloquent. Know what it means?
DAVID:     Don’t care.
PETER:     It means pretentious. Grandiloquent is a grandiloquent word. It evokes something positive. Grand is good, right? Grand prize, grand slam, grandma. 
DAVID:     Grand larceny, grand mal seizure. Grand means big. Grandiloquent: big talker.
PETER:     Don’t derail my meaningless train of thought. Grand also means magnificent. Eloquent is good, too. Grandiloquent ought to mean really well spoken. Let’s test it. [turns to PAMELA] Hey, Pam, you’re quite grandiloquent tonight.
PAMELA:     Thank you.

[PETER chuckles.]

PAMELA:     Okay, ladies and gentlemen, can we—
BLOSSOM:     Excuse me, please. I’m Blossom Sullivan-Feldt. I’m here representing the Equity, Diversity, and Human Rights Office on campus, which has made it clear that it is institutional violence to assume everyone identifies as male or female. I’m a transgender person of color, and my pronoun is they. I identify as non-binary, so I find the greeting, ‘Ladies and gentlemen,’ very offensive.
PETER:     [aside to DAVID] Oh, Jesus, here we go. What is she doing here?
DAVID:     Since my reputation precedes me, probably policing the event for hate language.
REBECCA:     [stands next to PAMELA] Our apologies, Blossom. Pam, can we please be careful about excluding those here who won’t be bound by the sex-binary chains so prevalent in our patriarchal society?
PAMELA:     Of course; forgive me. [glances at PETER who’s shaking his head] Good evening, everyone. I’m Pam Kennedy, and I’m happy to welcome you to our roast of Dr. David Carver. Dr. Carver, please take the seat of honor. [DAVID takes his seat on the dais.] Dave rejected the idea of a regular retirement dinner or party, so we thought a surprise roast would be just the ticket. We want to celebrate David’s accomplishments and tease the good doctor with a few barbs, without getting nasty. Please keep in mind the audience so no cuss words, and, Pete, no hot air—out of either end. Dr. Carver stepped down as dean of our Northern Ontario School of Medicine in 2012 and since then had been acting as professor emeritus until a couple of months ago. He—
BLOSSOM:     Is he his pronoun?
PAMELA:     I’m sorry?
BLOSSOM:     Assuming a person’s pronoun like that is a micro aggression. Gendered language is never permissible.
PETER:     Blossom, since you asked, and I quote, “Is he his pronoun?” and ‘his’ is a male pronoun, you are guilty of a micro aggression.
PAMELA:     Peter! Please keep quiet. My pronoun is she. Our master of ceremonies tonight is none other than Dr. Rebecca Schiffer-Milliken. She, uh . . .
REBECCA:     My pronoun is she.
PAMELA:     She succeeded David as dean of the medical school here. Rebecca, the stage is yours.  

[PAMELA returns to her table; REBECCA assumes lectern.]

REBECCA:     Thank you, Pam. I’m honored to be tonight’s emcee. When Dr. Carver retired the medical school lost one of its brightest lights.
PETER:     That he’s a dim bulb doesn’t say much for your medical school.
REBECCA:     Please, Mr. Kennedy, only the panel is supposed to speak.
PETER:     Except for Blossom?
DAVID:     I think it’ll be more fun if we allow anyone to shout out comments.
REBECCA:     Uh, okay, as long as the comments are clean and don’t hurt people’s feelings, except for a couple of good-natured jibes at David.
PAMELA:     That lets you out, Pete.
REBECCA:     As I was saying, David is a bright light, not a watt dimmer than when Edison made our guest of honor. We’re most fortunate to have a distinguished panel of roasters tonight. First up is Ted Patterson. Ted’s a physician who works in Emerge, and . . . Ted, your pronoun?
TED:     He.
REBECCA:     He keeps many of us in stitches, which is why we invited him here tonight. If you don’t think Ted’s funny, you need to work on your sense of humor. [sits]
PETER:     If you don’t think Ted’s funny, you’ve heard his jokes.
PAMELA:     Pete!
DAVID:     Pam, this is a roast, not a church social, and it’s my roast. Pete, your ripostes are welcome.
TED:     [steps up to lectern] Good evening, folks. Ted Patterson, and my pronoun is he. [looks at DAVID] Well . . . Before I begin, what’s your pronoun?
DAVID:     It.
TED:     It?
DAVID:     That’s what I said.
TED:     All . . . right. Well, well, Dave, I have you at my mercy.
DAVID:     Oh crap; I’ve had this nightmare before. Just keep your clothes on.
TED:     Don’t worry, Dave, you’re not my type. 
PETER:     Racist!
TED:     I meant men aren’t my type.
PETER:     Homophobe!
PAMELA:     Pete, give it a rest.
TED:     I’ve seen your show, Pete, and I have a suggestion to make it worthwhile: quit.
PAMELA:     [laughs] Bravo!
TED:     Hey, everyone, Dave’s really old.
ALL THOSE AT HEAD TABLE:     How old is he?
BLOSSOM:     People, have some respect. How old is it?
TED:      He’s . . .  er . . it is so old he . . . sorry . . . it even forgot where it was when Julius Caesar was assassinated.
DAVID:     I’ve changed my pronoun back to he. It’s just too awkward to continually try to remember to cite the preferred pronoun, which adherents to this new doctrine either neglect or avoid. So, Pete, back to Ted’s question. How old am I?
PETER:     All I know is your medical diploma’s from the University of Mesopotamia. 
DAVID:     [chortling] And how old is Sue’s mother?
PETER:     If I can quote my favorite philosopher, you: she’s so old she has more tits than teeth. [panel gasps] No, it’s true. Sue asks her every night before bed if she’s brushed her tooth.
SUSAN:     Not funny, Peter.
PAMELA:     Peter, can I talk to you outside?
PETER:     Am I expected to listen?
PAMELA:     Yes.
PETER:     Then no.
PAMELA:     Do you not have one ounce of common sense?
PETER:     Not after I’ve had five ounces of rum.
TED:     If we can get back on track now, Dave’s not the kind of man who worries that people might not like him, which is odd because no one has better reason to worry about that. I mean, most people give him the kind of welcome they would normally reserve for hemorrhoids. When people found out he had cancer, they felt bad for the cancer. [DAVID laughs.] I should say something positive about him, but I’m drawing a blank. Oh! I know something. He hasn’t let failure stop him; he finds new things to fail at every day. [shakes DAVID’s hand and returns to his seat]
REBECCA:     [returns to lectern] Thank you, Ted, that was great, despite the interruptions. Our next panelist is from the university’s Equity, Diversity, and Human Rights Office, Nancy Abrams. Nancy and Dave have had several, shall we say, interactions, over the past few years, and we thought it might be fun to bury the hatchet with good-natured ridicule.
NANCY:     [NANCY stands and steps to lectern; REBECCA sits] Thank you, Becky. My pronoun is per, and I identify as gender fluid but feminine of center. When I identify as male, my name is Roger.
PETER:     I identify you as psychotic.
PAMELA:     I’m at the end of my rope with you.
PETER:     I wish you were at the end of a rope.
NANCY:     [to PETER] I choose to ignore your verbal violence. [turns to DAVID] Despite our past disagreements, Dr. Carver, I am sorry about what you’re facing. I fear we’ll all eventually face something similar, what with the poisons in the air like carbon dioxide and in our GMO frankenfoods. We all know they cause cancer. As for curing cancer, instead of surrendering to the bogus treatments meant to make obscene profits for the medical and pharmaceutical establishments we should open our minds to natural cures like bloodroot, shark cartilage, herbal tea, and maitake mushrooms. 
DAVID:     Chemo and radiation bad, bloodroot and tea good; got it.
NANCY:     You joke, David, but from what I’ve read these methods really work. We also need to look inside ourselves to find the courage to fight against the corporations that poison us. I find that when I need courage, I can tap into that special something deep inside me and it comes gushing out.
PETER:     From what’s gushing at the moment I assume that special something is your rectum? [DAVID laughs; PAMELA drops her head and sighs.]
REBECCA:     I’m sorry, Pam, but I can’t continue as emcee if your husband keeps making disgraceful and disgusting comments.
PAMELA:     Pete, leave.
DAVID:     He goes, I go.
REBECCA:     Then I have to leave. [hurries offstage]
PAMELA:     Becky! Oh, Peter! [follows REBECCA]
DAVID:     Peter, will you do me the honor of acting as emcee?
NANCY:     I can’t stay either after his vile violence against me. 
PETER:     [goes to lectern as NANCY heads offstage] Bye, Nancy. Give my regards to whatever identity you are tomorrow. [faces audience] As for Becky, she wasn’t herself tonight, and that’s a hell of an improvement. 
DAVID:     [to PETER] Want me to video this?
PETER:     No, they’ll use it to convict me. [turns to audience] I’m here tonight for one simple reason; I lost a bet. Oops, almost forgot. My name is Pete Kennedy and my pronoun is schplerk.
BLOSSOM:     Schplerk is not a pronoun!
PETER:     Neither are xi, xyr, per, and the rest of the nonsense syllables you use.
BLOSSOM:     Gender is determined by what’s in a person’s head.
PETER:     No, gender’s determined by what’s in a person’s genes—both kinds of jeans.
BLOSSOM:     You’re pure evil; the archetypal white patriarch, the kind who’ve ruined the world.
PETER:     I think you should stomp back to Dr. Frankenstein and give him hell for forgetting your brain and for giving you a face that frightens children. [DAVID laughs.]
BLOSSOM:     I would leave, but I have to do what I can to enforce university rules.
PETER:     You know, a generation ago you’d have been an over the top circus freak.  [looks at DAVID] Well, Dave, after this, a lingering death from cancer doesn’t look so bad does it? Unfortunately, I have to tell you that you actually died last week, and this is the hell you so richly deserve; sentenced to listening to these insufferable bores for all eternity. This is what you get for zooming through that red light in Amsterdam and ramming into three whores. 
DAVID:     [laughing] On the bright side, it’s no worse than spending a decade with a virago.
PETER:     Yes, but in marrying you Sue sacrificed something that meant a great deal to her: her self respect. 
SUSAN:     [clapping] Hear, hear!
PETER:     Dave’s being honored here tonight because . . . because . . . Why the hell are you being honored?
DAVID:     Because I’m dying, I guess.
PETER:     That’s not much to brag about, Dave. Everyone does that. Okay, we have, what, four roasters left. I don’t know much about them other than their names, so I’ll wing it.

[PAMELA returns to her seat.]

PAMELA:     If each panelist would briefly state who you are and how you know Dave, that would be helpful. Our next panelist is George Christian.
PETER:     Mr. Christian, your very name is violence against Muslims, Jews, and every other non-Christian. Don’t you know that Christianity is the root of all evil? If you don’t immediately change your name you should be fired and charged with a hate crime. May I suggest George Gee-I’m-sorry-I’m-Christian? [George smiles awkwardly as PETER turns his attention to the crowd]. When we think of star power, the last person who springs to mind is George. What little promise he had he broke. His parents told me he peaked in grade five; “Only took him two years,” they boasted. I hadn’t met him before tonight, and I didn’t know how lucky I was. George, you’re up. [sits in spot vacated by NANCY, next to DAVID]
GEORGE:     [proceeds to lectern] Thank you for that uninspiring introduction, Pete. 
BLOSSOM:     Your pronoun?
GEORGE:     My pronoun is they.
PETER:     They is a fool.
GEORGE:     I’m a sociology professor here at the university. Pam asked me to roast Dr. Carver tonight because I guess I was the last patient he saved. I was riding my bike when I was hit by a careless driver; hit and run. 
PETER:     Dave, does that explain the bloody dent in your fender that looks like a silhouette of George?
DAVID:     You promised to keep that quiet!
GEORGE:     Anyway, I picked myself up and made my way to the hospital where I sat waiting my turn in the crowded emergency department, getting worse by the moment. Dr. Carver happened by, took one look at me, and immediately ordered the doctors to get me into surgery. Turned out I had a perforated bowel. I barely survived, but I wouldn’t be here tonight if it weren’t for Dr. Carver.
PETER:     None of us would. We’d be home watching TV.
GEORGE:     I mean I’d be dead. [looks at DAVID] Thank you for my life. [DAVID smiles and nods.] I should add that sometimes David isn’t as sharp. He thinks the Chinese are so smart because they built a wall to keep all the mongoloids out. Sorry. That’s the only joke I know. [sits]
PETER:     [back to podium] I don’t even think you know that one. You should maybe drop by the library sometime and borrow a sense of humor. [to audience] It’s not Dave’s fault he’s not very sharp sometimes; he comes by it honestly. His father drowned while drinking a tall glass of water. [DAVID laughs. PETER’s phone rings, and he answers.] Excuse me, folks. Hi, Ma. Sorry, can’t talk right now . . . That’s not true; I called you a month or so ago. . .  A year? Wow, time flies, eh? . . . Yes, I hear you not laughing; there’s a lot of that going around. . . Come on, Ma, you could pick up the phone and call me, too. . . I don’t answer because I have call display. . . Yes, I hear you not laughing, but really, Mom, I’m on stage in front of a bunch of people. . . It’s a roast for Dave. . . Mom says hi.
DAVID:     Hi, Ester.
PETER:     I think Dave’s putting up with it all right, but people are looking at me as if they want to scatter my limbs across the front lawn. . . Just a bunch of know-nothing know-it-alls who take the world too seriously. I’ve gotten more laughs at the graveyard. Have to go, Mom; I’ll call you next year. Not laughing, yes. Bye. Sorry, folks. Now, who’s next?
PAMELA:     Mario Russo.
PETER:     Acclaimed and awe inspiring—these are just two epithets that don’t describe our next speaker. Mario, if I may quote a great Italian explorer: “Where the Christ is India?” [addresses audience] Scientists have long been looking for the missing mass of the universe in the interstellar void, but little do they know it’s been right here in Sudbury all along. It’s not dark matter after all; it’s . . .
PAMELA:     Don’t say it!
PETER:     Mario. 
PAMELA:     Cheap shot at a person’s weight? Really?
BLOSSOM:     Fat shaming is pure violence. All bodies are beautiful.
PETER:     [to BLOSSOM] I guess you have to tell yourself that.
PAMELA:     [aside to SUSAN] Tell me, do you think that light fixture [glances at ceiling] will hold my weight when I hang myself?
SUSAN:     He doesn’t listen well, does he?
PAMELA:     I think the only thing he uses his ears for is to hold up his glasses.
PETER:     You have to admit Mario’s weight makes him an obvious target—impossible to miss, actually. A good man would overlook that, but I’m not that man. [turns to MARIO] I know nothing about you other than your obvious love of food and hatred of exercise, so help me insult you by bringing to mind whatever you hate most. You’re ten of that.
MARIO:     Right now I’m ten of you.
PETER:     Looks about right. Ladies and gents, prepare to be disappointed. Mario.
MARIO:     [moves to lectern] I’m Mario Russo and my pronoun is he.
PETER:     [aside to DAVID] Now if anyone’s a they it’s him . . . er, them.
MARIO:     I know David in my capacity as Associate Dean of Postgraduate Medical Education. David initially hired me fifteen years back, and I’ve admired him for his excellent choice ever since. David’s skills as a clinician are without equal—everybody else’s are better. Just kidding; Dave’s a wonderful physician. On the administrative side, though, Dave never saw a challenge he didn’t run away from. To put it mildly he hates the bureaucracy, so he leaves it to me. Let’s see . . . what else? I have only so many thoughts per day, and I usually use them up before breakfast. My wife told me to say only nice things about him, but I hate lying, so I guess I’m done. Dave, we’ll all miss you. [shakes DAVID’s hand and sits]
PETER:     [back to podium] Well done, Mario. Our next roaster is Beverly Martin. Bev’s smiling because ignorance is bliss. What can I say about Bev? Really, what? I’ve got nothing. She—
BEVERLY:     My pronoun is they.
PETER:     May I ask, Beverly, do you have multiple personalities?
BEVERLY:     No.
PETER:     Then you cannot perforce be they. Cease your microaggressions against the English language. 
BEVERLY:     Well, I want to be referred to as they, and what I say about my pronoun goes for everyone whether they like it or not.
PETER:     Hmm. I guess the early Christians and Copernicus were both wrong. The world does not revolve around the earth or the sun; it revolves around you. [DAVID chuckles.]
BLOSSOM:     Who in their right mind could possibly object to referring to a person by the pronoun they choose?
PETER:     If I might weigh in: me.
BLOSSOM:     Other than this tool of the patriarchy, the rest of us respect your choice, Beverly.
PETER:     New regime now, and free speech reigns. You’re not going to control my words. Once I cede that, I cede my freedom to think as I please. Anyone who allows people to control their language is a coward and deserves the chains that will mark his future. [DAVID nods] The children have had their fun, but an adult is in charge now. I won’t tolerate political correctness, and I refuse to play your nonsensical game. 
BEVERLY:     You’re really offensive, and your language is inherently violent.
PETER:     And yours is inherently ridiculous.
BEVERLY:     You couldn’t be more wrong.
PETER:     Sure I could. If I said you were charismatic, that would be more wrong.
PAMELA:     If I could sum up the general sentiment here; shut up, Peter.
PETER:     You know, Pam, there was a tragedy on our wedding day that cast a pall over our entire marriage.
PAMELA:     Which was . . . ?
PETER:     You said, “I do.” [to audience] Sorry, ladies and gentlemen and no one else. We’ve lost sight of the real issue here, which is Dave is an asshole, so back to the roast. Beverly’s accomplishments are a bit thin, but her head’s a bit thick so it evens out. Nice frock, by the way, Bev. Is that from Yves Saint Laurent’s elderly librarian collection?
BEVERLY:     I feel sorry for you, Pam. If I were married to him, I’d kill myself.
PAMELA:     I’m considering it.
PETER:     Well don’t let me stop you—and Bev, I’d gladly marry you if you follow through on your pledge to kill yourself before the wedding night. [addressing audience.] I leave the assembled with something that will be of interest to no one; Beverly Martin. [sits]
BEVERLY:     [to podium] I’m Beverly, my pronoun is they, and I guess I’m here representing Dr. Carver’s medical students. I’m one of the last of a very long line of students who had the great pleasure of learning from this wonderful teacher. He’s been an inspiration to all his pupils, but particularly students of color like me. Even off the job he spent much of his time giving back to the community, using his time and skills to help the homeless and families in women’s shelters. I wrote a brief poem to honor Dr. Carver’s retirement. . . I’m sorry you are retiring/to be like you I’m aspiring/for it’s you I’ve been admiring/because you’re so inspiring.
PETER:     After that he’s probably glad to be expiring.
PAMELA:     God, Peter!
BEVERLY:     I hope when I retire in forty years or so I can look back on a career as distinguished as yours.
DAVID:     In forty years I’ll be, let’s see—carry the one . . . dead.
BEVERLY:     Dr. Carver has been instrumental in helping students like me handle the rigors of a medical education, holding us to a high standard and helping us to learn from our mistakes. Tomorrow is our future and—
PETER:     Tomorrow is everyone’s future.
BEVERLY:     Please keep quiet. [turns to DAVID.] Dr. Carver, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. We’ll truly miss you.

 [Hugs DAVID and sits as PETER resumes lectern.]

PETER:     Bev, you don’t have to be funny all the time, but you may want to try it just once. Our last roaster, thanks be to God, is Bill Putnam. [addressing Bill] You may know me as the man who jumped out of your bedroom window when you came home early from work last Tuesday. When it’s convenient please return my pants. Oh, and you’re out of rubbers. Don’t frown at me; Dave told me. [DAVID laughs and starts a coughing fit. PETER pats him on the back.] Sorry, Dave; I didn’t mean to cause you any grief.
PAMELA:     [coming to DAVID’s aid] Please, Peter, you’re ruining everything!
DAVID:     [calming down and catching his breath] In my opinion, and, remember, I’m the man of honor tonight, Pete’s salvaging everything. [clears throat] Pam, please try to get with the spirit of the roast. 
PAMELA:     I’ll try if Pete will stop stepping so far over the line. I’m not holding my breath.
PETER:     Take care, dear, or I’ll hold your breath. [PAMELA returns to her seat.] Back to the roast. Bill, give me a few seconds to praise your finer points, and, believe me, I won’t need more. If I had to sum up your talents in one word, I’d say . . . none. [to audience] Not sure what Bill does now, but I heard he has ten years’ experience herding sheep; well maybe he did more than herd them, but I won’t give credence to those nasty rumors. Please welcome Bill the Sheep Shagger. [sits]     
BILL:     [steps to lectern] Thanks—I think. Just for the record, I have never done anything untoward with any sheep. Just cuddling, I swear; I mean they’re so fluffy. I’ve worked with Dave — 
BLOSSOM:     Your pronoun?
PETER:     Too bad for you, Blossom, sanity isn’t contagious. 
BLOSSOM:     Oh, why didn’t you just die in the pandemic? 
DAVID:     [stands and points at BLOSSOM] You’re bringing everybody down. Get out!
BLOSSOM:     [stands] The administration will hear about this! [storms out]
PETER:     Good riddance. The Greatest Depression will render your kind a curious and amusing footnote in the history of the early twenty-first century. Starving people have no patience for drivel like imaginary genders and made-up pronouns. [turns to Bill] Bill, please continue.
BILL:     I’ve worked with Dave for eight years. One of the things I like best about him is his willingness to say it straight out. The day I met him I asked what a person should do to fit in here; he answered, “Just get yourself a lobotomy.” A while later we were discussing a case, and I told him what I did. His response? “I was going to do that, but then I remembered I’m not an idiot.” True story. On a drug trial I was working on I asked David to comment on my preliminary findings. I’d told him the drug was showing promise, although the treatment group was small because three of the subjects had died. Do you recall what you said?
DAVID:      “So, what you’re saying is the new treatment works every time the patient didn’t die.”
BILL:     That shut me up, I’ll tell you. Another time I was seeking his advice on an OCD case I was assigned. I told him the father was complaining that when he puts his daughter to bed he has to go through a whole rigmarole; same time every night, with pillows adjusted just so, all her stuffed animals lined up in correct order, and so on. Took ten minutes. He wondered if there was anything he could do to curtail this. Dave, what sage advice did you impart?
DAVID:     “Tell him to turn off the damn light.”
BILL:     This is why I love this man. I once made the mistake of asking him for marriage advice—I know, that’s like asking Donald Trump for etiquette lessons—anyway, he merely said, “Bill, you have the personality of a person destined to die alone, so just accept your fate.” Sure enough my ex-wife soon thereafter informed me we needed to downsize, so we needed to get rid of a bunch of junk. I went out in the first load. Dave, we all chipped in to buy you a parting gift. 
PETER:     You mean a departing gift.
BILL:     Yeah, that, too. I asked all your friends and colleagues to chip in. Unfortunately, it wasn’t quite enough to cover what we bought you, so you owe me a buck-fifty. Here is a roll of toilet paper with the Prime Minister’s face on every sheet. [hands roll to DAVID] Every sheet you take, you can think of us. [returns to seat]
DAVID:     I’ve had enemas I liked more than this gift.
PETER:     [back at podium] You’re welcome. Thanks, Bill; the only way that could’ve been worse is if it were longer. Just joshing; you did a fine job. [turns to audience] We had intended to have a few of Dave’s closest friends roast him, but none of them could be here tonight because they don’t exist. So I guess I don’t have much choice but to subject you to our guest of honor, but before he assumes the podium, I’ll say a few choice words about this man. Dave’s seventy-one, but he looks the same as he did when he was seventy; repulsive. He’d look just like Brad Pitt if Brad were a wrinkled old black man. Yes, it’s true; I call a spade a spade. [looks at DAVID] Right, spade? [no laughter] Huh, first time I told that joke everyone laughed.
PAMELA:     Were you by yourself?
DAVID:     Touché, Pam—and Pete: careful, cracker.
PETER:     [laughs] Dave’s accomplishments over his many decades in medicine rival Stalin’s success with communal farming. [looks at DAVID] Dave, I have to tell you how much I respect you . . . very little. [looks at audience] I asked Sue once what she had to do to get a man the caliber of Dave, and she said, “Lower my standards.”
SUSAN:     [nods and claps] True! So true!
PETER:     Medicine has undergone a sea change since Dave graduated back when Hannibal was mounting elephants. When Dave went to med school the go-to tech for anesthetists was a mallet. His first case was having seizures, so Dave drilled a hole into his head to let out the evil goblins.
DAVID:     Well, it did end the seizures.
PETER:     Along with the patient. Dave’s favorite pastime is raping pygmy goats. It’s definitely a stain on his character but, with all the others, you don’t notice it. Well, with the crowd here beholding me with whatever the opposite of agog is, I regret to introduce mediocrity personified, Dr. David Carver. [sits]
DAVID:     [steps to lectern as audience cheers] Thanks, Pete. [looks at audience] I can’t tell you how thrilled I am to be here because I couldn’t say it with a straight face. Tonight has to rank as one of the great disappointments of my miserable life, and I was dreading it in the first place. I had a choice; this or swimming with a school of piranha. I chose wrong. It’s going to cost me a mint to drink enough to forget this evening. Pete . . . how can something as wonderful as an orgasm result in you? 
PETER:     [chuckling] What’s even more pathetic is I was the sperm that won the race. 
DAVID:     You have to admire Pete’s tenacity. He’s persevered through an unending string of failures that would’ve long ago spurred any self-respecting man to suicide. I’m not creative enough to even imagine how anyone could’ve done a worse job roasting me, but I don’t have to imagine it, because the rest of the panel was even more pathetic. I’d like to thank every last one of you for setting the comedy bar so low, I could get more laughs reading the obituaries to a group of depressives. I haven’t laughed so little since my dad’s funeral. [glances at Bill] Bill, I’ll remember your speech till . . . holy crap, I forgot it already. When Bill was young his parents figured he’d never amount to anything, and he didn’t disappoint. Pam warned me not to comment on people’s looks and opinions, so I’ll just say the only time I wish I was blind is when I look at you, and when you speak, I envy the deaf. [glances at Beverly] Bev, thanks for all your kind words, but may I suggest maybe doing something a bit less annoying with your free time than penning cloying poems? You are to poetry what Oprah Winfrey is to ballet. Also, if I drank in all the laughter from all your jokes tonight, I’d have died of thirst. [glances at Mario] Mario’s overcome a complete dearth of native talent to make something of himself; something exquisitely ordinary. If you need someone to eat you out of house and home, he’s your man—and talk about a chick magnet . . . and Mario’s name never comes up. His greatest aspiration is to live in a home without wheels, but I think his best hope is someday moving into a pine box. [glances at Ted] Ted, on the other hand is undeniably a popular guy. He’s the most impressive man you’re ever likely to trip over in the gutter. Not only is he adored by his wife, he’s idolized by his mistresses, and missed terribly by his ex-cellmate. As a doctor, he’s four times more efficient than I was—twice the incompetence in half the time. Undertakers send him Christmas cards to thank him for all the business. As a teacher, he has a real knack for making the simple impossible to understand. Nancy’s used to lurking under her bridge and horrifying children, but bolted in terror when Pete subjected her to a bit of abuse. She’s one of a kind; one of a kind of leech who sucks the life out of any man she sees. She’s a lady of few thoughts, though that doesn’t stop her from nattering non-stop. Becky also ran away, which I’m thankful for, though I do regret she didn’t stay long enough to suffer enough from Pete’s stinging barbs. Under her guidance the medical school has placed a priority on leftist causes, thereby producing a new crop of progressive doctors and an even bigger crop of dead bodies. Turns out, sick people respond more favorably to proper medical treatment than to a browbeating on climate change and open borders. Who knew? [glances at George] George, after listening to you tonight, I regret saving your life. [PETER bursts out laughing.] I mean, if tonight was any indication, your lectures must be enough to drive a student to suicide, so my saving you will cost many lives in the future. Of course, fewer sociologists must be a good thing, so maybe things will work out for the best. [looks at George] Oh, God, I knew I shouldn’t have had gin; now there’s two of you.
PETER:     Dave, can you please skip to the part where you’re finished talking?
DAVID:     Shut up. Before I end my bit, I’d like to say to my ex-wife, the Queen of Soul-sucking Shrews: I know your parents warned you not to marry me, and I wish to God you’d listened. 
SUSAN:     Then I wouldn’t have my house, my car—
DAVID:     Or those tits. The best thing about our relationship is we don’t have one. And with that, I’d like to say in all seriousness to everyone here, thank you from the bottom of my heart for roasting me. Pam, this was so much better than some lame retirement party. To the panel, you made me laugh, and I thank you for your heartfelt words. Please don’t take offense at anything I said about you. It was all meant in jest in the spirit of the occasion. I’m deeply grateful for your efforts tonight. Except for Peter, you are all outstanding individuals in your respective fields. As for Pete, he’s occasionally out standing in the field beside his house. Seriously, Pete, you once again gave me the best gift anyone can give me; laughter. Good night. [audience claps]
PAMELA:     [walks to PETER as crowd disperses] When you’re ready to come home, don’t.
PETER:     You’re kicking me out of my own house?
PAMELA:     We can talk about that when I’m calmer, maybe tomorrow. I’m too angry right now to think straight.
PETER:     So you go somewhere and I’ll go home.
PAMELA:     First, I’m the one who pays for the house.
PETER:     I paid off the entire mortgage; hell, I paid for everything till a few years ago.
PAMELA:     I now pay taxes, insurance, and upkeep. Second, the house is in my name.
PETER:     I put the house I paid for in your name.
PAMELA:     To prevent our losing it to someone suing you for something outrageous you said about them. So reap the rewards of your big mouth and sleep somewhere else!  [stomps offstage]
DAVID:     I couldn’t help but overhear that; I think people in Vancouver heard it. Want a place to stay tonight?
PETER:     Yeah, thanks.
DAVID:     Your marriage is in real trouble now I guess.
PETER:     Has been for years. I continually ask myself how it came to this. [shakes his head] As I’ve said before, Pam’s regarded me as a failure since my bout with unemployment. That year and the next couple while I got my show off the ground hit her really hard. Once a man loses his wife’s respect, it’s almost impossible to get it back. She’d been the perfect wife, and I loved her deeply, but she gradually became cold and distant. 
DAVID:     Both my marriages failed because I chose the wrong women; they were supreme bitches, but Pam’s a nice person. Think twice before leaving her.
PETER:     Yeah, well she might make the decision for us.
DAVID:     You did push it with her tonight.
PETER:     My way of protesting her outrageous decree that I keep my mouth shut during the roasting of my best friend. The creeping censorship overwhelming the West has infested my own house in the form of an imperious wife, and I think you know that there’s little that riles me more. 
DAVID:     So you want a divorce?
PETER:     [shrugs] I . . . I honestly don’t know. I think we’re both on the fence because we’re too scared of jumping off, of growing old alone, of disappointing the kids. If she leaves me I don’t think I’ll really care, yet when I think of what we had . . . [hangs head]
DAVID:     [pats PETER on back] I’m sorry. Let’s go home.

[exit]



Scene 2

Setting:     TV room in Pamela’s and Peter’s house. At rise, Pamela sits on the couch, Peter on the love seat.

PAMELA:     I’m still livid over your behavior last night. . .  Well? Do you have anything to say?
PETER:     Nope.
PAMELA:     No? God help me, Peter! Even you must see that your wall-to-wall insults were totally inappropriate. What would possess you to be so thoughtless?
PETER:     It was a roast.
PAMELA:     Not a church social. I know! That doesn’t excuse your outrageous behavior.
PETER:     Yes it does! It was a goddamn roast. The purpose is to put the heat on the guest of honor, meaning to tease and insult him.
PAMELA:     What about everyone else? You insulted everyone.
PETER:     Watch any roast. Everybody gets into the spirit of it, whether they’re roasters or roastees, and laughs.
PAMELA:     They’re professional comedians. You’re not.
PETER:     If you listened last night instead of constantly bitching at me you’d have heard a lot of laughter when I was talking. My wonderful wife used to think I was funny before she was taken from me and replaced with whoever the hell you are—and yes, I know that wasn’t funny either. It’s the saddest part of my current existence. I often wonder what happened to us. I’ve given it a lot of thought, and I’ve come to the following conclusion. I don’t think I’ve changed much since we met—except for the physical depredations that come with age—whereas you’ve changed drastically. 
PAMELA:     You don’t think you’ve changed? You spend your days engrossed in conspiracy theories, and sometimes I think you’ve gone off the deep end. The government is evil. The media lies to us about everything. There’s a deep state watching everything we do, and they’re going to get us. Listen to yourself! You were nowhere near this negative and cynical when we were first married.
PETER:     Because the world has changed for the worse, and I’ve opened my eyes to what’s really going on. Remember you once bragged to your parents—at the cost of some embarrassment to me—how much smarter than you I was, as if to say, “What a catch, eh?” You now act as if you’re smarter than I am, as if your online PhD somehow boosted your intelligence. So here it is, Pam: I’m a good deal smarter than you, and I spend a great deal of time studying the world around us, so I know far more than you do on the subjects I talk about, and I’m almost never wrong. 
PAMELA:     Not that you’ll admit anyway. Maybe my education didn’t boost my IQ, but maybe your intellect is withering or going off the deep end with all the craziness you immerse yourself in.
PETER:     There it is. You actually think I’m going senile and insane; thank you for clarifying that. Guess what? I wonder about your sanity, too. You’ve become just like the people you work with; you’ve jettisoned your common sense and swallowed their codswallop so wholeheartedly I think you actually believe the nonsense you spout.
PAMELA:     Such as?
PETER:     Going along with laughable concepts like the patriarchy, white privilege, rape culture, transgenderism, dozens of genders, microaggression, word crimes, safe spaces, and too many others to mention. 
PAMELA:     And what makes you qualified to dismiss any of that?
PETER:     Common god damn sense! You have no respect for me; you see me as a failure; I know that. . . No denial, just as I thought. Here’s a newsflash, Pam; I have no respect for what you’ve become either. You’re a sellout.
PAMELA:     Oh, what exactly have I sold out?
PETER:     Your race, your culture, yourself, your goddamn husband. When you went down on one knee pandering to those Black Lives Matter nitwits, I couldn’t have been more ashamed. We live in different worlds, you and I. In yours the only serious problems are racism, sexism, capitalism, nationalism—a bunch if isms, along with global warming. In my world there are countless serious, likely insoluble problems. Real people are being annihilated or ruined in wars. The policy responses to the pandemic have ruined millions and many will end up starving to death. Our society is worse than even Orwell imagined with personal privacy and freedom gone and government and corporations looking over our shoulders at everything we do, ready to pounce when they see something that might threaten them. But why worry about those trifles when a polar bear died yesterday because a cow farted in Alberta, right, Pam? Your world isn’t as scary as mine, true, but it’s a fantasy. My world is all too real. I prefer to see things as they are; you prefer to be deaf and blind. 
PAMELA:     I know there’s no love between us anymore, but it sounds like you hate me.
PETER:     Not you. Just everything you stand for, do, and say.
PAMELA:     And yet another failed attempt at humor at the worst possible time.
PETER:     I wasn’t trying to be funny. You, however, were once again trying to insult me. 
PAMELA:     With our marriage on the rocks, did you actually think it was a good idea to push me to the brink last night?
PETER:     Yup.
PAMELA:     Why? 
PETER:     To help dislodge us from the rocks. 
PAMELA:     What are you saying?
PETER:     We’ve been through a lot together over a few decades now, but I’ve come to regard you as . . . a stranger. Bad enough we don’t love each other, we don’t even like each other anymore. We’re making each other miserable. I’m done. I want— 
PAMELA:     Don’t say it!
PETER:     I want a divorce.

[Her face falls; hand to mouth, she dashes offstage.]



Scene 3

Setting:     Basement room with desk, two chairs, two microphones, two laptop computers, a TV camera, and a sign reading, Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. David pushes a button on his computer to start recording the show. 

DAVID:     [upbeat tone] Coming to you live from our state-of-the-art studio in the center of Canada’s financial district, it’s the world-famous, number one show on the Internet: Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. And here’s your host, Canada’s most sought-after ladies’ man, Pete Kennedy!
PETER:     Now, now, Dave, I think you exaggerated a little. There must be one or two other guys in the country the ladies want more than me.
DAVID:     All right, let’s start over. [somber tone] Coming to you live from the basement of Pete’s Sudbury home, it’s the number one show in this basement, Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. And here’s your host, who’s not even sought after by his own wife, Pete Kennedy.
PETER:     Yup, the only women pursuing me work for the bill collectors. Women have never understood how perfect I am.
DAVID:     Ready to half-ass your way through another blitz of monotony?
PETER:     I’m so disheartened I think I’ll quarter-ass through this, our final edition of Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. The inconsiderate doctor is up and quitting on me with the lame excuse that he’s dying, and I just don’t have the heart to continue without him.
DAVID:     Or the brain. 
PETER:     But, we’ve had a great run—well, two great runs; one from 2005 to 2012 while I built my audience, and one from 2012, when Dave joined our Sunday show, to 2017 when YouTube started its assault on us. 
DAVID:     In today’s show, we’ll be reminiscing about some of our favorite moments from our podcast, but we’ll start with a birthday greeting. Today it’s sixty-five years since the world yawned upon learning of Pete’s birth, and he’s kept it yawning ever since.
PETER:      I now qualify for Old Age Security, so I’ve moved up the ranks of useless eaters to such an extent that I also qualify for the Chinese virus, which was designed for anyone sixty-five and over. Now that I’m at risk, I see the light. Everyone has to stay two meters distant from me—social distancing is futile to stop a virus, I know, but I hate people. Wearing a mask is also utterly useless against the virus as several controlled studies have shown, but please wear one around me to spare me the sight of your ugly faces. 
DAVID:     Hmm. I wonder why our audience is so small. [shakes head] When I think of the audience we’d worked so hard to earn and where we are now . . . it’s such a shame.
PETER:     Yeah, by late 2017, well over half a million people on average tuned in to our Sunday show and close to three-hundred thousand listened to my Tuesday and Thursday podcasts. It was then that YouTube and Facebook began targeting us and cutting us off from our audience.
DAVID:     So we resorted to a paid subscriber model out of desperation and, to our shock, enrolled enough people to earn us almost a million bucks a year, but then on July 19, 2019 YouTube de-platformed us and deleted all our videos, and Patreon and PayPal cancelled our accounts so our subscribers couldn’t pay us. Four supposedly independent platforms sent us into oblivion on the same day. Tell me that wasn’t orchestrated. We protested, but it was hopeless. At that point, Pete gave up. He discontinued subscriptions since most of those who paid couldn’t find our videos. I had to convince him to continue our Sunday show.
PETER:     Glad you did, my friend, because it’s been a hoot these last couple of years, and, judging by the feedback, our much diminished audience, averaging around twelve hundred, loves us. So here we sit, completely defeated by the billionaires in social media, with the connivance of the mainstream media and government bureaucrats. Then to rub salt in the wound Dave gets terminal cancer and is quitting the show and the earth. Et tu, David?
DAVID:     At least this wasn’t YouTube’s fault as far as I know. Okay, let’s get on with our final installment of Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center. Audience comments this past week tended to focus on my impending doom. No fewer than fifteen comments hit on the same theme. My favorite: @WrongGuy said, “Sorry to hear Dave is dying; even sorrier to hear Pete isn’t.” 
PETER:     Oh, that reminds me, WrongGuy; I hate you. 
DAVID:     We’ll depart from our standard format with the highest-rated bits from our Sunday shows of the last several years as determined by our listeners. Let’s hear the number-one rated shallow thought of the week, Pete.
PETER:     Ladies, if your husband isn’t with you right now, chances are he’s masturbating. It’s our way of saying you’re getting fat.
DAVID:     I hasten to point out, ladies, that neither of us is masturbating right now.
PETER:     [hands under the desk] Speak for yourself. 
DAVID:     Um, ew. At your age?
PETER:     A man’s age is secondary; it’s his wife’s age that’s the key. Mine is over sixty, which is why I’m personally responsible for Kleenex’s record third quarter this year.
DAVID:     I imagine that remark will spur some fan mail.
PETER:     Should be popular with all our listeners except the females.
DAVID:     Let’s move on to our favorite listener comments of all time. My favorite was sent last January by @TryTheWhip. Drum roll please . . . I don’t know why I said that since I don’t have a drum roll set to go. 
PETER:     Give me a sec . . . [finds drum roll on laptop] And now, Dave’s top-rated Kennedy’s Spaced Center listener comment: [plays drum roll] 
DAVID:     “You know those religious zealots of old who would self-flagellate as a means of penance for committing sins? That’s why I watch your show. I hope that, even though I’m a total asshole, I’ll be guaranteed a spot in heaven if I suffer through your interminable podcast. To all those who lost track of Kennedy’s Spaced Center after YouTube put them out of our misery, I can only say, ‘lucky bastards,’ and if you, too, decide self-flagellation is your path to redemption, may I suggest the traditional whip as the less painful option?” 
PETER:     Thanks, TryTheWhip. I hope you’ve made your way to heaven. My favorite listener comment came from @AndTheHorseYouRodeInOn in 2013. [plays drum roll] “I used to think like you guys, too, but I’m all better now.” 
DAVID:     I guess we’re just too stubborn to stop believing the truth. 
PETER:     The truth is just a conceit, Dave. Ask any leftist.
DAVID:     Honorable mention goes to @PleaseDropDead, who said in 2015, “Yours would be the most fascinating show on the internet if it weren’t for every other show on the internet.” Moving on, the top-rated Kennedy’s Spaced Center Award for SJW lunacy went to the ACLU, which recently tweeted this: “There’s no one way to be a man. Men who get their periods are men. Men who get pregnant and give birth are men. Trans and non-binary men belong. #InternationalMensDay”
PETER:     Christ, where do I start? Trans and non-binary men belong . . . in an insane asylum. Men who get their periods better get checked for bowel cancer. Men who get pregnant are obviously from another planet even more messed up than ours. #InternationalLooniesDay.
DAVID:     Congrats, ACLU, you woke morons. Why don’t you liberate yourselves from this leftist insanity and get back to protecting free speech? I’m going to regret this, but what prize do we have for them, Pete?
PETER:     A hand job from Edward Scissorhands.
DAVID:     [laughs] And here I was thinking there was no such thing as a bad hand job.
PETER:     Sure there is, just think about it. What would you say if Mr. Rogers offered you one? 
DAVID:     I’m in the wrong neighborhood.
PETER:     How about Father McKinnon?
DAVID:     Again?
PETER:     A mature boy scout?     
DAVID:     No males!
PETER:     Your grandmother?
DAVID:     I knew I’d regret this.
PETER:     How about a leprotic hand you stumbled across?
DAVID:     Did it fall off a female? Never mind! We’ve had a lot of laughs doing this show, haven’t we? [Peter nods] I’ll miss this.
PETER:     Me, too. I feel a great kinship with you, Dr. Carver. You and I are much alike. I can think of but one minor difference between us. You are a tremendous success; I am a dismal failure. 
DAVID:     Also I’m a bit darker than you. Continuing with this week’s theme, what was our show’s number one video of all time?
PETER:     It was a little while before you joined me. My video on the tenth anniversary of 9/11 had something like forty million views before YouTube expunged it in 2019, along with everything else we did on the platform. That video garnered me at least a hundred thousand new followers.
DAVID:     I was one of them. Your video was just fifteen minutes of questions about 9/11. You made no attempt to answer any, but the number of questions and the gravity of the issues at stake amounted to the most eye-opening experience of my life. Simple questions that had no answer. The ones that really hit me were: “Why no jet parts or passenger parts from any of the four planes that crashed that day? How did the BBC report that Building 7 collapsed before it collapsed? How were several of the dead hijackers found alive weeks later?” Fifteen minutes of critical questions—any one of which could torpedo the official story—that no one in government has yet seen fit to answer. Your powerful final words in that extraordinary video led me to seek you out when I learned you lived right here in Sudbury. You said, “Take any major event in history. If you can’t even ask about the official account without being muzzled, ridiculed, attacked, or jailed, count on this; they are lying to you.”
PETER:     Although the video got a ninety-seven percent positive response I got a lot of grief about it from all over the world, including my own family. My wife asked in a rather heated tone, “Have you lost your mind?” All I did was pose critical questions that officialdom had not answered. 
DAVID:     A brilliant strategy to point out there were hundreds of flaws—aka lies—in the official story. Moving on, we’ve done a year in review show ever since I came on board. Since this is our final show let’s just hit the highlights of a year that’ll live in infamy for centuries. Of course everything worldwide has been centered on Covid-19, or as Peter so memorably labelled it, the Yankee-Hoser-Slanty-eyed Commie virus, which assumed rumors of US/Canadian funding and tech for the Wuhan lab were true. Somehow, that never caught on.
PETER:     No but the Twitter mob were ready to strangle me after some of our listeners shared it.
DAVID:     While leftists focussed only on how racist everyone was to label a virus after its place of origin as had been the tradition, the virus gained a foothold here and started spreading. Only then did the politicians and public wake up, but what did they do? 
PETER:     Panic.
DAVID:     Of course. 
PETER:     They went so far overboard it beggared belief. Shut everything down! Put millions out of work. Wear useless masks everywhere.
DAVID:     Not that we were against common sense measures such as isolating the most vulnerable and prohibiting large-scale gatherings. Thousands were dying, and for them and their families this was tragic. We’re not diminishing that, but the costs of the responses they took were off the scale. The authorities imposed draconian measures without any solid data on how deadly the virus was. Never before, for war, for viruses—for anything—did we shutter entire countries. 
PETER:     Dave contended early that this was little more deadly than a serious flu and the current data confirm this—an infection fatality rate of about point-two-six percent—even though they deliberately overinflated the death rate. Doc, John Doe had Covid-19, cancer, a stroke, heart attack, and four gunshot wounds to the head. What caused his death?
DAVID:     Covid-19, of course, because Big Brother decreed it so. 
PETER:     Why would the government want Covid cases and deaths overstated? 
DAVID:     I can only think of two reasons. Either they wanted to use the pandemic to crash the system so the virus had to be seen as horrific, or they didn’t want to get blamed for demolishing the economy by overreacting with policies that assumed a worst case scenario that never eventuated. If this were a real emergency there wouldn’t be forced over-counting of cases and deaths.
PETER:     With a stroke of the pen, one man or woman wrote off the liberties our forefathers had fought and died for to the extent that many of us couldn’t even leave our house! Did people object? 
DAVID: No. They cheered their house arrest; they supported police harassing or arresting people for the heinous crime of walking their dog in a park; they will always surrender personal liberty for perceived safety. But was it really to save us, Pete?
PETER:     No, it was to save them; the oligarchs. Covid was the ideal political weapon to subdue stubborn insurrections in Hong Kong, France, Chile, and elsewhere. The virus also gave them cover for the crash that had to come with massive debts that could never be paid. With the economy on its knees and the public cowering in their homes, the elites pushed through the brazen coup de grace; a rescue package that transferred much of the debt of the big banks and corporations to the taxpayer. The virus fit so well into key oligarch agendas—cover for economic crash, theft of trillions, and usher in new ways to control us—one has to wonder if it was all planned.
DAVID:     The bottom line on the virus is we were right; it wasn’t more deadly than a flu, at least for those under age sixty-five, and they should’ve just let our immune system deal with it as we have for every other virus instead of shutting everything down. Being right got us nothing other than the loss of a quarter of our audience and permanent bans from Twitter and Vimeo, but the so-called experts, bureaucrats, and politicians who were auguring doom? Despite the economic disaster that unfolded upon adopting their disastrous advice, none of them lost their jobs.
PETER: They kept the lock downs in place, bankrupting millions of families and businesses—everything they’d spent their working lives building destroyed in a matter of months. Suicide rates are now soaring among the millions of newly unemployed. Medical treatments for cancer, heart attacks, and other serious ailments were postponed; how many people died and continue to die due to the government’s response to the virus? An inexcusable tragedy, all based on absent or faulty data and projections and the canard of asymptomatic transmission. There is now cogent evidence that asymptomatic transmission does not occur, but since this would undermine the entire rationale for everything these monsters did to us, the media cover it up.
DAVID: The governments justified everything they did to us by hyping the exploding caseload, which was purely a function of setting the PCR test sensitivity at levels guaranteed to boost false positives above 90%. The science is clear on this; it doesn't vary according to the source of the report. Covid cases are probably an order of magnitude less than what our governments are reporting. It's absolutely criminal and the people responsible should spend the rest of their lives behind bars!
PETER:    And the media covered up the misuse of the PCR test as well. Mainstream media’s coverage of covid was detestable, whipping the public into a frenzy until they demanded the government take away their freedoms and saddle future generations with extraordinary debts. 
DAVID: Social media companies—may all their executives burn in hell—deleted anything contrary to the accepted paradigm. Remember Pete’s adage; if you can’t even question the official account, they are lying to you. There’s no question the policy measures most of the world employed did nothing to slow the virus; we know this because the few countries and states that didn’t implement these calamitous measures fared better than jurisdictions that did, both in terms of economic performance and number of deaths. But a lot of the public has no idea about this because MSM ignores it and social media shitcans it.
PETER:     Worst of all is the precedent. This was without a doubt the biggest overreaction of all time, but will they go bigger still? Next time we get a new virus or any other major threat, do they shut it all down and steal more trillions? I mean they got away with it this time, no problem. The elites couldn’t have hoped for a more docile response. Allow a government to take too much power, good luck getting it back—it always ends badly. 
DAVID:     What’s most shocking to me is how easily the public’s perception of normality was changed. The new normal, they call it, as if it’s normal for people to hide in their houses, afraid of human contact. The vast majority have accepted that life may never go back to what was perceived as a normal existence just a few months prior. When you’re allowed to venture from your home, you must wear masks and stay two meters apart from each other; and no gathering in crowds to have fun, but you can gather in crowds to riot. What the hell is normal about any of this? It’s mass hysteria; it’s mind control engendered by the oligarchs and enabled by the mass media, which suggests a nefarious agenda afoot. Next may well be mandatory jabs with inadequately-tested vaccines and if you resist, no travelling on planes or trains, or maybe no employment? 
PETER:     You an anti-vaxxer now, Doc?
DAVID:     When the vaccine has not been adequately tested; when we’re dealing with a virus that’s harmless to 99.7% of us; when we have treatments that appear successful against Covid-19 such as steroids, ivermectin, or hydroxychloroqine with zinc and azithromycin; when these treatments cost a few bucks but the new vaccines will cost hundreds; when all this applies, as it does here, you’re damn right I’m an anti-vaxxer. 
PETER:     And what about unleashing out-of-control inflation with the untold trillions magically conjured out of nothing? Will that ruin everyone? Is starvation our fate? We await the answers with some trepidation.
DAVID:     Not my problem, sucker; I’m dying. The other highlight of 2020 was the contested presidential election in the United Soviet States of America. Neither Pete nor I have any doubt the Democrats stole the presidency. I’ll say that again: Biden stole the presidency! Pete, how about a ninety-second summary of the fraud.
PETER:     Ninety seconds? For fraud that pervasive?
DAVID:     Eighty-five seconds.
PETER:     Okay, first set the deck. Have the media and social media control the narrative; the only way Biden can lose is if Trump cheats. Play up or make up bad news on Trump and cover up anything negative on Biden, especially the Biden family’s dirty dealings in Ukraine and China, his obvious cognitive decline, and his penchant for cuddling up to little girls. Use the fake pandemic to justify widespread use of mail-in ballots and pass illegal laws that enable fraud. My favorite was rescinding the requirement that signatures on mail-in ballot envelopes had to match the signature on file; there could be no reason for this other than to permit illegal ballots.
DAVID:     Sixty seconds.
PETER:     Second, rig the election machines in use throughout the country. Top notch mathematicians and computer experts uncovered a mountain of evidence proving this. Statistical abnormalities everywhere, not one in Trump’s favor. Algorithms were programmed into the computers to either reject ballots at an extremely high rate in battleground states so they could be adjudicated by Democrat operatives, or to weight the vote toward Biden and away from Trump. 
DAVID:     Forty-five seconds.
PETER:     Third, rig the vote counting, starting with halting the count so Democrats could determine how many votes they needed to win the state. No presidential vote had ever been halted in any state, yet on this one night the counting was stopped in several states—the key states the Democrats had to win—at almost the same time. Some states illegally extended voting hours so they could bring in as many ballots as they needed and illegally kept Republican representatives from observing the vote-counting process. That was critical come the wee hours of the morning after Election Day when hundreds of thousands of votes miraculously appeared in key battleground states.
DAVID:     Twenty seconds.
PETER:     Wrap it all up by having the media pronounce over and over it was the fairest election of all time, and only loony conspiracy theorists or racists say otherwise. Doesn’t matter that thousands of people signed affidavits stating they witnessed fraud, like seeing thousands of ballots arrive in the dead of night—almost all for Biden—and feeding ballots through the election machines again and again. Doesn’t matter definite proof was found that thousands of dead, underage, out-of state, and foreign voters voted, almost all for Biden.
DAVID:     Time’s up.
PETER:     Shut up.
DAVID:     [chuckles] Well done, Pete. I’ll just add that there was strong circumstantial evidence of fraud. Trump won nearly every bellwether state and county by double digits. He expanded his vote total by over ten million from 2016. Biden, a senile husk of a corrupt man who never even campaigned, somehow got over 80 million votes, the most ever by far for a president; way more than Obama at his peak. Biden couldn’t even get a hundred people to the few rallies he attended, and he gets 80 million votes? Come off it.
PETER:     But, but, Dave, the FBI and the courts said there was no fraud.
DAVID:     None of the so-called law enforcement agencies even looked for fraud. Most courts refused to hear the evidence, dismissing cases for various technical reasons. Here’s what a joke the courts are: some dismissed the Republicans’ case because they sued before the election and, thus there had been no damage done; others dismissed the Republicans’ case because the suit was brought after the election and the case was moot. Can it get any more surreal?
PETER:     Oh, probably. Seems to get more so every day.
DAVID:     Sorry, Pete, but I can’t do a half-hour today, so we’ll have to cut it short. [PETER nods] So, Pete, given where we ended up with social media titans slashing our audience by over ninety-nine percent, with the Twitter mob continually screaming for our heads, with your shattered marriage, with law suits depriving you of any opportunity to better your financial lot, . . . was it all worth it?
PETER:     [hesitates] Not for me, no, but for my children and grandchildren, absolutely. To me it all revolved around freedom of speech. Free speech is the foundation stone for individual liberty. Take it away, liberty collapses, and nothing can stop totalitarianism. Make no mistake; if someone else controls your language, they control you. I won’t stand for creeping totalitarianism, not when I have children and grandchildren who would have to live under such an intolerable circumstance. I hope the moral courage we’ve demonstrated has encouraged others to take a similar stand. That’s the only way to stop this madness.
DAVID:     Final thoughts?
PETER:     If I had to give one word of advice it would be to question everything; believe nothing the government and mainstream media tell you. Only believe alternative media if you’ve come to trust the source after it’s proven correct time and time again, like WikiLeaks and Kennedy’s Spaced Center. For those in power everything depends on control of the narrative. They will lie, cheat, steal, and even kill to maintain that control, because, once, lost, they lose their power. Speak against the narrative, you’re belittled, ridiculed, slandered, shut up, then shut down. Get too close to critical truths with evidence to bring them down, you’re dead. This is an existential battle between individualism and collectivism, and if the collectivists—aka communists or fascists—win, we’re doomed. Think. For. Yourself! If enough of us do this we can beat them. Your final thoughts, Dave?
DAVID:     Our Western civilization is fifth century Rome about to suffer an empire-ending sack, and we fully deserve it. Not that there’s nothing to grieve about. Our culture has had so many wonderful accomplishments in the sciences and arts that have raised the major part of all humanity from the gutter to the skies. I spend every day grateful I was born into this, and it’s sad to think our best days are behind us, but they are, and our very success killed us. We became soft; we let weak men and weak ideas govern us for too long. Globalism, multiculturalism, and progressivism—this new culture of hatred—have poisoned our society beyond hope of cure. We have to let the patient die, bury him, wash our hands of him, and start anew. We need a new Renaissance. We have to prize excellence, the creativity that drives societies forward in the sciences and the arts. Our focus on rendering everyone the same, pulling up the laggards and pushing down the high achievers, only yields mediocrity, and that’s where we are today. 
PETER:     Remember we all have inalienable rights, most critically the right to say and think anything we please, the right to associate with whomever we please, and the right to worship as we please. No government has the authority to take these away from us. It’s our duty to resist, to demand our God-given rights, or our children will live in tyranny. 
DAVID:     And on that note, we’ll end Pete Kennedy’s Spaced Center for good. Thank you to all our loyal listeners and Godspeed. [turns off system] Okay, we’re off the air.
PETER:     [stands and hangs head.] I’ll really miss doing this with you.
DAVID:     [stands and pats PETER on shoulder] You can do it without me.
PETER:     I . . . I can’t.

[fade to black]

Scene 4

Setting:     TV room in Pamela’s and Peter’s house. At rise, Brittany approaches Peter who has just entered.

BRITTANY:     [while punching PETER’s shoulder] How could you do that to her?
PETER:     God help me, even my daughter is hitting me now.
BRITTANY:     Why? [loudly] Tell me why!
PETER:     Stop screaming. All I did was put the marriage out of its misery.
BRITTANY:     So you throw away forty-one years together? To what end? So you can both die alone? You’re heartless.
PETER:     I’m long past sick of your disrespect. You’re close to your mother and are in each other’s confidence, and I know damn well you both think I’m on the way to losing my mind. 
BRITTANY:     Because of the outrageous things you say and do.
PETER:     That’s your mother speaking. Tell, me, Daughter, what’s wrong with raging against war, tyranny, corruption, theft, murder—
BRITTANY:     Nothing obviously, but—
PETER:     No buts! That’s what I do; that’s all I do.
BRITTANY:     But the way you do it—
PETER:     The way I do it earned me half a million subscribers. I do it professionally, with style and humor, and my track record of almost always being on the right side of the issue once the facts eventually penetrate the thick minds of the masses should speak for itself. But I get no credit for that from you or your mother. Just grief!
BRITTANY Grief! You just left Mom and you speak of grief?
PETER:     You’re seeing through her eyes. Try mine for a minute. From my point of view she left me.
BRITTANY:     How do you figure that?
PETER:     She gave up on me. It started with losing my job in 2004. After an intensive year-long search, I’d found nothing, and with each rejection I fell in her esteem. It only got worse when I invested our savings in my blog and podcasts. It was a risky move, but I was desperate to find a way to support my family so I took a big chance. She hated me for that, and even when my show caught on and I was making over two-hundred grand a year, she refused to let go of her anger. I’d become a success, made enough to support all four of us, pay off our house, educate my daughters, and set aside almost half a million for our retirement. Still, she sees me as a failure and lately as an embarrassment. When the Silicon Valley assholes destroyed my channel and our income dried up, her disrespect grew. I desperately needed her to support me then, but she just turned her back. Things worsened when she got hired by a hive of cultural Marxists at the university and adopted their loony opinions. My show rubbed her the wrong way from the start, but when her colleagues took to pressuring her because of something I said, her contempt for me deepened.
BRITTANY: Okay, so what changed that you ended things so suddenly? 
PETER: I’m trying to tell you it wasn’t sudden; it was gradual. We’ve been growing apart for years. We haven’t loved each other in a long—
BRITTANY: How do you know she doesn’t love you?
PETER: Come on, Brit. You must be able to tell. You know we don’t even sleep together any more. She abandoned our bed. I asked her back many times, and she always said no. That broke my heart and effectively ended all intimacy between us. Our growing apart accelerated till our marriage became a sham. We haven’t made love in years, which made no difference to her and eventually to me. We have nothing in common other than our children. Frankly we can’t stand each other. So, from my perspective, she bears the lion’s share of blame for the failure of our marriage. She gave up on me. [hangs head in despair]
BRITTANY:     Dad . . . I’m sorry, but please don’t give up on her.
PETER:     I’m sorry, honey, but after fifteen years of trying to win back her affection, I give up. I want a divorce.
BRITTANY:     [turns to leave but stops and turns back to him] Happy birthday, Dad.

[Brittany exits; Peter pours a drink.]



Scene 5

Hospice room. David alone in bed; Peter walks in wearing face mask.

DAVID:     You’re as welcome a sight as blood in my urine.
PETER:     [removes face mask] They made me wear a mask; in a hospice! Idiots. [shakes head] You know how to die in style, Doc. Pam’s mom died all wrong; withered away from Alzheimer’s in a shitty nursing home bed, but this place is classy. I did hear a rumor that everyone who moves in here leaves in a hearse, though.
DAVID:     That’s not what it said in the brochure. If that’s the case, they should knock something off the asking price.
PETER:     I’m here with the special medicine you requested, but first . . . [pulls out flask from his jacket pocket along with two shot glasses]
DAVID:     My Glen Grant 50 Year Old Single Malt Scotch? [PETER nods.] Not sure how well that’ll go down or stay down, though nothing is smoother, so I’ll try a sip [PETER pours two shots and hands one to DAVID. DAVID raises his glass, as does PETER.] To the afterlife. [they sip]
PETER:     [sits on chair next to bed] You believe in an afterlife now with the Grim Reaper angling for you?
DAVID:     Ain’t no atheists in foxholes or hospices. How’re you doing after the breakup?
PETER:     Well, Doc, there’s nothing like hanging out at a hospice to raise one’s spirit. [reading sign on wall] “Our mission is to enhance the quality of life for persons and families facing life-limiting conditions.” Shouldn’t that be ‘enhance the quality of dying?’
DAVID:     I love the ‘life-limiting’ part. For God’s sake, I’m dying. I don’t need some idiotic euphemism to make me feel better about that. [shifts in bed and grimaces]
PETER:     I have a better mission statement. “Our mission is to help almost dead people transition to completely dead people.”
DAVID:     [chuckling and raising glass] I’ll drink to that. [takes sip] How’re you doing on your own?
PETER:     We had this conversation a few days back but you were out of it so I’ll repeat the highlights. Pam’s still pissed at me. She’s informed me the house I paid for is hers. I can’t take a lump sum of our savings because of the lawsuits and the fifty grand the Human Rights Commission wants to steal from me to pay people whose feelings I hurt, so I asked Pam for a thousand bucks a month in cash. She granted me five hundred bucks a month of the money I earned until we sort things out legally. Isn’t that generous of her?
DAVID:     I’m surprised she’s being like that. Why would she be so vindictive if you two had a loveless marriage anyway?
PETER:     Maybe she’s pissed I pulled the plug first.
DAVID:     Or deep down she loved you, and she’s devastated by your rejection and wants to hurt you back.
PETER:     Who knows? Anyway, I spent the first installment she deigned to grant me to declare my independence. I rented my first prostitute.
DAVID:     How was she?
PETER:     Fun and weird at the same time. She told me I was the best fourteenth customer of the day she’d ever had.
DAVID:     Uh huh. Pete . . . I want you to do something for me. I believe we’re all here for a purpose. I was put here to cure as many sick people as I could; I didn’t always succeed, but I did save a lot of lives, so I’ll die happy. Now you . . .
PETER:     If I’m not here to piss people off, I missed my calling.
DAVID:     You’re here to wake people up. The world desperately needs people like you if we’re ever going to subdue the evil people who rule us. You do it with such flair, integrity, and humor that people can’t help but pay attention. [closes eyes and takes labored breath] Pete, I want you to continue your podcast.
PETER:     No, Dave. Not without you.
DAVID:     Yes! [coughs and grimaces] What else are you going to do with your time? Do it for me—in my memory. Promise me, Pete.
PETER:     I . . . promise I’ll try.
DAVID:     Sue said she would take my dog as long as she could change her name.
PETER:     Tittileebop’s a great name.
DAVID:     [chuckles] That was inspired, I have to admit. Anyway I would never be that cruel to my dog; she’ll get my dog over my dead body. 
PETER:     Then she won’t have to wait long. Can I have your dead body?
DAVID:     I don’t trust what you’d do with it.
PETER:     Relax. My standards for necrophilia are through the roof. I wouldn’t settle for less than Natalie Portman’s corpse. I want to stuff you and sit you on a chair in my place permanently. I’m thinking conversing with your cadaver will be more stimulating than conversing with ninety-nine percent of the living.
DAVID:     Done! I also want you to keep Tittileebop. He’s always liked you and seemed happy with you when you brought him to see me yesterday. 
PETER: I was hoping you’d decide that. We’ve gotten close over the last three weeks.
DAVID: I’ve decided something else as well. I know you’ve said you don’t want anything from me other than a couple of my favorite keepsakes, if only because all the people waiting to sue you will just steal it. So here’s the deal. You have no money to speak of and only crappy pensions for income, so I want you to live in my condo till you join me in the afterlife. Tittileebop wouldn’t even have to move. You just have to pay condo fees and property taxes—maybe five grand a year.
PETER:     Dave, the condo has to go to your kids. Thank you, but I can’t accept.
DAVID:     Not only did I leave them tidy sums, Don’s a doctor and makes a mint, and Nicole’s a lawyer and makes a mint. They said they were fine with you living in my place as long as they get the proceeds when you die. You’re the main reason my last several years were so fun. Let me do this for you.
PETER:     [nods and hugs DAVID, who grunts] Sorry. Always let it be said, “Where there’s a will, there’s a Peter trying to worm his way into it.”
DAVID:     I’m ready.
PETER:     Are you sure? [DAVID nods] Dave . . . I don’t want you to die. [starts crying] Life without you will be . . . shit.
DAVID:     [grasps PETER’s hand] Can’t be helped, buddy. I’ve chosen to avoid the max dose of morphine because I don’t want to be a living vegetable, but, as a result, I’m in so much pain it’s hard to even think straight. This damn heart just won’t stop beating to put me out of my misery. My children traveled all the way here expecting to say goodbye and bury me, but they had to get back to their lives, and still I’m here . . . in agony. 
PETER:     [takes out syringe from his pocket] I know your daughter wouldn’t hear of your requesting assisted suicide, but couldn’t you have asked for the needle when she wasn’t in the room?
DAVID:     She made me promise not to; she’s religious like her mom and thinks I’ll go to Purgatory. I can’t even ask the doctor here to administer it or Nicole will find out since the hospice can’t fudge its records. I don’t want my last act on earth to upset my children. [holds out hand requesting needle]
PETER:     [hesitates] Dave . . . You want me to inject it? 
DAVID:     I won’t put you in that position. I can imagine the headline in the New York Times; white man murders helpless black man. [PETER hands him the syringe and breaks down weeping as DAVID positions the needle to inject the drug. After a moment he sees DAVID struggling to push plunger. PETER puts his thumb on DAVID’s thumb to push.] Thank you. Now pocket the needle and throw it away at home so as far as my kids are concerned, I died naturally.
PETER:     How long? 
DAVID:     A few minutes. I read something last night that I’d look into if I didn’t have less than ten minutes to live . . . [tears up; PETER clutches DAVID’s hand] I’d have dismissed it outright before this bizarre year, but now nothing surprises me. The author claimed that Einstein was a fraud, and that his contemporaries considered him the world’s greatest plagiarist. He even stole the theory of general relativity, the author said.
PETER:     Hard to believe.
DAVID:     It is, yes. The author also asserted that several people flew airplanes before the Wright Brothers, and that the Wrights stole their key breakthrough—the curved airfoil—from an Australian; that Antonio Meucci, an Italian, patented a working telephone years before Bell; and that Edison didn’t invent the light bulb, the phonograph, electricity transmission, motion pictures, or anything else. Who knows if any of this is true, but it leads to the obvious question, ‘How much of what we think we know is simply a lie?’ We know the powerful people dictate what the media report, and it’s likely always been the case, which leads to the obvious deduction that history is a narrative crafted by the powerful to suit their purposes. Most of our so-called history is probably bullshit.
PETER:     No argument here. 
DAVID:     Depressing that that’s the key conclusion I’ve drawn in my life. . . Open the blinds, would you? [PETER obliges.] This is . . . [starts weeping] the last time I’ll see the sky, clouds, trees . . . birds. I never looked at them enough; they’re really beautiful, you know. [PETER nods sadly.] 
PETER:     [kisses DAVID’s forehead] I love you like a brother, man.
DAVID:     [smiles] Same here, man. Tell my children . . . I love them very mu . . . [trails off and closes his eyes for good]

[PETER hangs his head, wipes his eyes, and totters offstage.]



Scene 6

University courtyard. Peter walks in with a puppy.

FEMALE CAST OFFSTAGE:     Awww!
PETER:     Yeah; figures. The women give my puppy an Awww! I get an Eeew! Ironic since they can’t have my dog but they can have me. Well, Tittileebop, it’s just you and me now. Let’s go for a stroll so the women can fuss over you and I can drool over them.





ROBERT POWER was born in Canada, but raised and educated in the United States. He stayed in university so long, Berkeley eventually gave him a PhD to get rid of him. Working as a consultant from home, he drove his wife crazy until he took up writing fiction in his too-ample spare time. Neither he nor his wife know what they were thinking when they decided to have four children, but they’re happy they do--most days. They live in southern Ontario. Visit his website: rdpower.ca. Email tmobp@hotmail.com

R D Power's fiction:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/rdpower

