Eaglethorpe Buxton and… Something about Frost Giants
By Wesley Allison


Eaglethorpe Buxton and… Something about Frost Giants
Copyright © 2021 by Wesley M. Allison
Smashwords Edition
Revision 09-04-21

All Rights Reserved.  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.  This is a work of fiction.  Names, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used ﬁctitiously.


Cover art by Wesley Allison
Cover image © Gennadii Chebeliaev | Dreamstime.com

ISBN: 9780463793718

Dedication
For Vicki, Becky, and John


Patrons
Richard Weiss
Darryl Schnell
 Macaroni Drill

To find out about how to be a Patron and support this author’s writing, visit:
www.patreon.com/wesleyallison


Eaglethorpe Buxton and… Something about Frost Giants

By Wesley Allison

Chapter One: In which I ponder the theoretical limit of pies.

It was the largest pie I had ever seen.  When I say that, you can rest assured that it means something, because I am Eaglethorpe Buxton, famed around the world as a heroic adventurer, a brilliant author and storyteller, and a connoisseur of pies.  There are some who would insist that I am a connoisseur of pies first and foremost, but that is not true.  While it is true that there are some who would slanderously, which is to say with much slander, espouse that Elwood Cyrene is a more heroic adventurer than me, there are none who could claim, even slanderously, that there is a better storyteller.  On the other hand, I would freely admit that my cousin Celia is at least the connoisseur of pies that I am, though perhaps not the eater of pies that I am.  In any case, it was a large pie.
“That must be the world’s largest pie,” said I.
“It is a large pie,” said the man standing opposite me, who was the local tavernkeeper.  “I don’t know about the world, but it is the largest pie in Fencemar, for it is baked in the largest pie pan that could be found in the town.”
“Not surprising,” said I.  “I would imagine that not a bigger pie pan could be found in Celestria herself.”
“Notwithstanding that,” said he.  “If she could have come by a bigger pan, our piesmith was more than ready to make a bigger pie still.  In fact, she expressed great disgust that this was the best we could do in cast iron production.”
“I should like to meet this piesmith,” said I.  “First though, I would like to eat a slice of that pie.”
“Then have a seat,” said he.  “It’s a sovereign for a slice, but that slice is a full meal for a grown man and his three grown sons.”
“Then there may well be enough for me,” said I, “and my daughter.”
“Come in here, Ethyl!” I called.  “It’s pie for dinner!”
“Ethyl is a lovely name,” said the tavernkeeper, but he stopped and stared at the seven-year-old ball of spit and anger that stomped into the room.
“Her real name is Ethylthorpe,” said I.
“It’s Ethyl!” she hissed, “and I’m sick of pie!”
“Lovely child,” said the man, but he was being polite, or he was mistaken, or he had some kind of degenerative eye disease, because Ethylthorpe Buxton was not a lovely child.  She wore a pair of baggy overalls and a stained shirt, and she was covered in dirt from head to toe.  She had snot running from her right nostril and bloody scab on her forehead.  Long gone was the lovely pink and yellow dress that I had ordered her dressed in that morning, and now, the only indication that she was a girl and not some kind of grotesque miniature half-ogre, was her long blond hair, and in it, only one of my carefully braided pigtails remained.
“You’ll sit there, and you’ll eat that pie,” said I, “and you’ll like it, or I’ll give you what for!”
She sat down at the table I had selected, crossed her arms, and stuck out her tongue at me.  I unwrapped my heavy cloak and put it on the back of the chair.
The tavernkeeper went to the pie and cut out a slice, which he placed on a wooden platter only slightly smaller than a wagon wheel.  Then he and two of the tavern girls wrestled it to my table, which it completely covered.
“Not to put too fine a point on it,” said he.  “I did say it was a sovereign.”
“That you did,” said I, tossing him the required gold coin.
“You folk are from Aerithraine,” said he, showing the obverse of the coin, which is to say the front, upon which sat the image of a beautiful woman.  “I recognized Queen Elleena.”
“She’s a beastly hag!” growled Ethyl.  “And I don’t want a huffleberry pie!”
“You will show some respect!” I growled right back at her.  “Respect for huffleberry pie, if not for the queen!”
“Hmph!” she hmphed.
“I come from Aerithraine originally,” I explained, “but I’ve been living in Lyrria some seven years now.”
“I’ll get you some forks,” said the tavernkeeper.
“Not to fear,” said I, whipping out my fork from my shirt pocket, which I call my fork pocket, for it is the pocket in which I carry my fork.
I glared at Ethyl, until she too produced her fork, waving it at me insolently.  Like mine, it was made of fine silver and featured a stylized E on the handle.
I sat opposite my dirt-encrusted offspring and took a bite of the pie.  It was very good.  Despite huffleberries not being my favorite, something that I was not going to admit to my unclean progeny, it was sweet and tart, and the crust was first rate.  I had expected huffleberry pie, because we were traveling in the far north of The Fallen Lands, just along the southern border of the great glacier known as The Skagarack, and in the far north of The Fallen Lands, just along the southern border of the great glacier known as The Skagarack, there were no fruits to be had except for huffleberries, which only grow where it is too cold for any other plant to grow that isn’t mostly made of pine needles and pine cones, which is to say pine trees.
“Eat your pie,” said I.
Ethyl grumbled but took a bite.
“You should be happy to get a pie,” said I.  “You know there are some places in the world where a man would kill for a good pie.”
“You know there are some places in the world where a man would kill for a good pie,” she repeated mockingly, which is to say, full of mock.
“Oh, how sharper than a serpent’s tooth it is to have a thankless child,” quoth I.
“Plagiarer!” she said, jumping to her feet, taking an accusing stance and pointing at me.  “You did steal that line from William Shakespeare and his play Macbeth!”
“Nonsense,” said I.  “I did take that line from Eaglethorpe Buxton and his play MacElizabeth, and I am allowed, as I am that self-same Eaglethorpe Buxton.”
“I’ve heard of you,” said a tavern girl, stopping at the table.  
She was quite attractive, with short vanilla hair and cherry lips, and her generous breasts threatened to fall right out of the top of her blouse, the top three buttons of which were undone.
“And what have you heard, my dear?” I asked.
“I have heard that you are a teller of tales, quite free with your coin, and the greatest lover in all of Duaron.”
“You know me well,” said I.
“Can I bring you a beer?” she asked.
“You are not only lovely,” said I, “but you’re clearly very smart, which is to say, yes, beer.”
“How about her?” she asked, nodding toward Ethyl.
“Bring me a beer too,” said Ethyl.
“Oh, sit down already,” I ordered her, for she was still standing accusingly.  “Unless you sit, no beer for you.”
She sat.
“We have milk,” said the tavern girl.
“I’m lactose intolerant!” hissed Ethyl.
“What does that mean?”
“It means that milk is too good for her,” I said.
Chapter Two: In which I ponder the theoretical limit of piesmiths.

I was very full and satisfied by the time I had finished my slice of pie, or at least by the time I had finished that portion of it that I had eaten.  I would wager I had eaten a good ten pounds of that slice, and despite the fact that she had claimed to be sick of pie, I would wager that Ethyl had eaten more than I had.  Even so, there was far more of that slice left than there was gone, which is to say, we ate less than half of it.
“My good fellow,” I called to the tavernkeeper.  “I did not see an inn when we rode into town.”
“We don’t get too many visitors up these parts,” he replied.  “We’ve got two rooms to let upstairs though.  For a sovereign, you can have both rooms, and I’ll have you a hot bath drawn.”
“That sounds excellent,” said I.  “I did see a stable.  Can you have a boy take our horses over?”
“That I can, sir.”
“Have him tell the stablemaster to give them oats,” said I.
“And a good brush down too,” added Ethyl.
“That is a good idea,” said I.
“And check their hooves,” added Ethyl.
“Also, a good idea.”
“Never mind,” she said.  “I don’t trust anyone else with the horses.  I’ll do it myself.”
She jumped to her feet and left the premises, which is to say walked out of the tavern.
“Girls and horses have a natural affinity,” I told the tavernkeeper.  “Now, about this piesmith…”
“What about the piesmith?” asked the man.
“That was a clever use of an ellipses in order to demonstrate that I want to meet your piesmith,” said I.
“Oh.  Right this way,” he said, leading me through the room and into the kitchen.
I had expected to find said piesmith in the kitchen, and not only that.  I had expected to find some amazingly large oven in which to bake an amazingly large pie.  That was not the case.  The oven was a normal sized one, incapable of baking the pie that I had seen and eaten part of.
“This way,” said the tavernkeeper, leading out the back door.
Behind the tavern was an oven.  It was round and made of fitted stones.  Sitting cross-legged beside it was a giant woman, or more precisely, a giantess.  She would have been a good fifteen feet tall, had she been standing up, and she was proportionately large all over.  Long blond hair hung past her shoulders, and she wore a jacket and pants made by the sewing together of dozens if not scores of thick furs of various colors.
“This is Thurid,” said the tavernkeeper.  “She made the pie.”
“Thurid,” I repeated.  “What a lovely name.  I must compliment you on it and your pie.”
“The choice of name was not mine,” she said.  “My father named me.  My full name is Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir.”
She had a lovely voice, though a trifle deep for a woman, and a trifle loud for a human being, which she wasn’t, because she was a giant.
“But I thank you for the compliment on my pie, though I’m a bit ashamed that it was so small.”
“It was a very fine pie,” said I.  “I would not say that it was too small, though I am generally of the opinion that most pies should be larger.”
The tavernkeeper turned to go back inside, but I stopped him.
“You should introduce me.”
“Oh, yes.  Thurid, may I introduce story-teller Eaglethorn Bucklenut.”
“That’s Eaglethorpe Buxton, with a thorp instead of a thorn and bux instead of a buckle and a ton instead of a nut.”
“Eaglethorpe Buxton,” she mused, as the tavernkeeper left us.  “I believe I have heard of Eaglethorpe Buxton.”
I liked the sound of my name when she said it, though truth be told, I generally liked the sound of my name, as long as it was pronounced correctly and not mixed with nuts and thorns and buckles.  When Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir said it, it sounded like it was being amplified by magic, or by being spoken by a really large woman.
“Perhaps you know me as the great and heroic adventurer,” I suggested.
“No,” she said.
“Then you must know me from one of my many wonderful tales, such as Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Mercenary Warrior Who Ought Not to be a Woman but Secretly Was.”
“I do not think so,” she said.
“How about Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Fury of the Monkey People?”
“No.”
“Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Fork of Destiny?”
“No.  I do not think I heard of you as a story-teller.”
“Well, some people know me as a playwright,” said I.
“I know,” she said.  “It was a human man named Eaglethorpe Buxton that caused a war between the Cloud Giants and the Sky People, which ended up destroying both their civilizations.”
“I remember it differently,” said I.
Chapter Three: In which I hear the story of Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir.

“So, my dear,” said I.  “How did you come to be sitting behind this tavern making pies, when I happen to know that your people live far to the north on the great icy glacier known as The Skagarack?”
“Aren’t all glaciers icy?” she queried.
“Not at all.  In the distant south there is a glacier they call Monoglyceride that is made entirely of oil.”
“If it’s oil, then why doesn’t it just flow away?”
“Oh, it does.  It just flows very slowly.  Not as slowly as ice, but slower than water.”
“That doesn’t sound possible,” she said.
“Many things that sound impossible, are actually possible,” said I.  “For instance, there is a giant animal in the fetid, stinking jungles of Ennedi called an elephant.”
“How giant is it?”
I looked at her.
“Well, not so giant that you would call it such, being quite large yourself, but it has five legs and horns growing out of the bottom of its head.”
“That doesn’t sound possible either.”  She climbed to her feet and stretched, before sitting back down.  “Now I don’t know what to believe.”
“All the world knows Eaglethorpe Buxton and all the world knows that he would never lie just to make a point.  But more to the point, or more to a different point, why are you here among humans instead of with your own kind?”
“You really want to hear my story?” she asked.
“If I don’t, then the title of this chapter makes no sense,” said I.
“Well, here is my tale, such as it is.  My clan lives in a fortress in one of the great rifts in The Skagarack.  We are just one of many clans of Frost Giants.  For as long as anyone can remember, the various clans would join together and go off to war.  We have always been naturally warlike.  We warred mostly with the Sky People and the Cloud Giants, but then they exterminated one another, and we had to go further afield to find enemies.  We went far to the west and attacked the lands of Catolan and Aerithraine, but the queen of that latter nation proved to be a match for our armies.”
“She’s a heinous bitch.”
I looked to see that Ethyl had returned from seeing to the horses.
“Did you see that the horses had oats and water?”
“Oats and water,” she said, rolling her eyes at me, “and ordered the stablemaster to give them both a good brushing.”
“I was just hearing the story of Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir,” said I.  “You can tell it’s an important story by looking at the top of the page.”
“Whatever,” said Ethyl.
She picked up a bucket of sand near the giant oven and turned it over, using it as a stool.
“Please continue, my dear,” I told the giantess.
“Well, with no enemies to war with, our people eventually went to war with each other.  My clan became embroiled in a bloody conflict with the Ice Peak Clan.  During one of the battles, we captured a dozen of their warriors.  Among them was the Ice Peak Jarl’s son.”
“Jarl?” I asked.
“It means king,” said Ethyl.
“I knew that, of course,” said I.  “I was just going to ask you if you knew it.  Thankfully you did, so we can continue the story without you having to be punished for ignorance.”
“You are a coxcomb,” said Ethyl.
“It is a term of affection,” I told Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir.  “Now, continue with the story.”
“We captured Gorm Birggersson, the son of the Ice Peak Jarl.  I was put in charge of bringing the prisoners their food.”
“I can see it already,” said I.  “The two of you met each day as you brought him his meals.  You talked.  You found out how much you shared in common.  Then you fell in love, a forbidden love, forever separated by the strife that separated your families.”
“No,” she said.  “That is not what happened.”
“Then what happened?”
“I brought him his food.  He told me that I was a horrible cook and that I was a fat ugly cow.  Naturally, I stabbed him.”
“Naturally,” said I.  “I hope he learned his lesson.”
“No,” she said.  “He just died.”
“This is the best story I’ve ever heard,” said Ethyl.
“It does have its charm,” I opined, “though it will need some major revisions to be suitable for the taprooms and alehouses of Lyrria.  I am thinking something along the lines that he fell in love with her so terribly that he committed suicide.  People like when someone kills himself over love.  Drunk people especially like it.”
“But he didn’t love me, and he didn’t kill himself,” said the giant woman.
“No, not yet,” said I.
“So, why the hell are you here?” asked my daughter.
“Ethyl!” I chastised her.  “Do not hurry a storyteller!”
I nodded toward the giantess.
“Killing a prisoner is against our laws,” she said.  “I was banished from my home.  And having nowhere else to go, I came south.  I had hunted as I traveled and took down several deer, so when I stopped here, I made a meat pie.  The townspeople were wary of me, but I shared some of the pie with them and they let me stay.  Master Turklewink offered me this job.  I have been baking pies for the last three days.  When I have enough money, I will build myself a cottage here.  There is plentiful wood in the forest, but I’ll need to buy some things to set up house.”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute,” said Ethyl.  “That guy in there is named Turklewink?”
“That is his name.  I believe his first name is Claud.”
“Claud Turklewink!” snorted Ethyl.
“It is late,” I told Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir.  “We have a room here, and with any luck, we shall be able to eat another of your pies on the morrow.”
“Good night,” said the giantess.
“Come along, Ethyl.  Let us turn in for the night.”
“You go ahead,” she said.  “I’ve got to find the outhouse and drop a clod and a turklewink.”
Chapter Four: In which Ethyl and I take our baths, and the town is invaded, as is inevitable in these types of stories.

I made my way up to my room, and just as the tavernkeeper had promised, I found a hot bath waiting for me.  It had been a good two weeks since I had a hot bath.  I had suffered through several very cold baths in the interim, and I can tell you, that a hot bath beats a cold one any day of the year, except maybe summer, but certainly any autumn, winter, or spring day of the year.  Peeling off my clothes, I slipped into the tub.  It was only about three feet around, so my arms, legs, and my head hung over the sides, but my torso was happy.
My torso was still feeling nice and warm, when the door opened, and my daughter entered.
“Look around,” said I.  “Is there some soap and a clean cloth somewhere?”
Ethyl found both items sitting on a chair by the door and handed them to me.
“Go wait in the other room,” I directed.  “As soon as I get out of this bath, you’re getting in.”
“But I had a bath last week!” she growled.
“You must wash some of that grime off of you, lest some wild animal drag you off, thinking you’re its long-lost cub.”
“At least then I won’t have to take a bath.”
“So you think,” said I.  “It will be your luck to be dragged away by a cave lion.  You’ll be longing for a bathtub after a cave lion licks you clean with its rough tongue.  I can tell you that from experience.”
With a rude gesture, she turned and left.
As loath as I was to leave the warm embrace of the bath, I didn’t want my child left with nothing but cold water, so I quickly soaped up, rinsed off, and dressed in my night shirt.  Then, I went to the other room to fetch the girl.  I was forced to pull her by her ear back to the first room, wrestle her to the floor so that I could strip off her filthy clothes, and then throw her bodily into the water.  Luckily for her, the tub was just her size.  She only agreed to use soap when I told her that if she didn’t, I would make her take another bath on the morrow.
When she was finally passably clean, I dressed her in her nightgown.  It was a cute pink garment, made of the finest, softest wool in all of Aerithraine, and had the image of Castle Dewberry embroidered upon it.  Castle Dewberry was our home, though we had not been back since before Ethyl’s first birthday, so she had no memory of it.  She crossed her arms and made growling and hissing noises as I brushed her hair.  If a cave lion had only heard her, it would have reinforced the idea that she was its missing cub.
“There now,” I told her.  “You make a charming and presentable girl, which is to say that I could present you to… a king or queen, if I had a mind.  Perhaps to the Queen of Aerithraine.”
“She’s a wicked slattern!” hissed Ethyl.
“Be that as it may,” said I.  “We could present you to somebody.  It would have made your mother so proud… bless her departed soul.”
“Tell me what she was like?” asked Ethyl, in the rarely heard tone of tenderness.
“What would you like to know?”
“Was she beautiful?”
“She was extremely beautiful,” I said wistfully, which is to say, full of wist.  “She always wore beautiful dresses and she never even once dressed in pants and pretended to be a man.”
“Why do girls have to wear dresses?” grumbled Ethyl.  “Dresses are stupid.”
“But you look so cute when you are in a dress, with ribbons in your hair and your cheeks all rosy.”
“When I grow up, I’m never going to wear a dress!” she hissed.  “I’m going to wear pants and go adventuring!  If you think dresses are so great, then you wear one!”
“I am a man and so I do not wear dresses, not even for fun, and not even for seven months one time to avoid the army.  As for you, hop into that bed right now.  Tonight, I want you to think about what you just said and what your poor, dear, departed, saintly, deceased, beautiful, dead mother would say.  I shall be next door if you need anything.”
I went back to the other rented room and dropped down onto the bed.  I was asleep instantly.  I frequently fell asleep instantly, as I was usually exhausted from dealing with my unruly offspring, which is to say my daughter, which is to say Ethyl.
It seemed I was asleep only a minute, when I was awakened by the sounds of shouting and the clanging of sword and shield.  Grabbing my own sword and my own shield, I ran out of the room.  A quick glance next door showed me that Ethyl was still asleep.  I hurried down the stairs and out the door.
I almost immediately ran into a giant leg.  It was attached to a giant body, which is to say, a giant.  It was not Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir, for it was a male giant.  He carried a huge axe in one hand and a torch in the other.  He looked about ready to toss that torch onto the tavern.  Not wanting that to happen, I stabbed him in the kneecap, which was just about at eye level with me.  With a cry, he dropped to his knees.  But before I could stab him in an even more tender spot, he arched his back and fell forward, struck from behind.  As the giant dropped into the dirt, I came face-to-face with the warrior who had finished him off, which it to say, killed him.  It was Ellwood Cyrene.
Chapter Five: In which I save the town and others do some fighting as well.

I didn’t have time to speak to Ellwood Cyrene and Ellwood Cyrene didn’t have time to speak to me either.  Seconds after we had jointly dispatched the first giant, which is to say, killed him together, we were set upon by another.  In a great acrobatic leap and using this new giant’s bended knee as a platform, Ellwood launched into the air, stabbing the monster through the left eye.  Ellwood was always showing off like that.  It was revolting.  I was so revolted, that I turned and went off to find my own giant to kill.
I didn’t have to look far.  Another frost giant was ripping the roof off of a small house.  I jogged over to him, but he took no notice of me, being, by this time, engaged in looking down into the house like a decent fellow would have looked down into a stew pot, having just lifted the lid.  I thought about leaping up into an acrobatic display that would put to shame anything that Ellwood Cyrene could do.  I thought about it long and hard.  In the end though, it just seemed like a waste of energy, so I stabbed up into the giant’s manly bits.
I can’t say for certain just how manly the giant’s bits may have been.  Had they been exposed, I certainly wouldn’t have looked at them, and they were completely covered.  On the other hand, I feel certain that they were quite manly, which is to say, large, or giant, or even Brobdingnagian.  Even if they were proportionately very tiny, they still would have been very large because he was a very large giant.  He certainly reacted in a very manly way, which is to say, he grabbed his crotch and screamed girlishly before falling.
In my dispatching that giant, I did prove that though they may have had very large brains, since they had very large heads, the giants were not proportionately smart.  If I had been a giant, fighting, for the most part, beings that were less than waist-high to me, the one article of armor upon which I would have insisted would have been a cod piece, which is to say that piece of metal which guards the family jewels.  But while many, if not all, giants wore helmets, I cannot recall ever having seen a giant wearing a cod piece.  How often do you suppose a frost giant is hit upon the head, unless it be by another frost giant?
I looked around.  The battle seemed to be over, for while I could see four giants in addition to the two that I killed, I could see no living ones.
“You killed one frost giant,” said Ellwood Cyrene, “and I’m not sure he’s dead.”
“Of course he is dead,” said I.
“Look.  He’s moving.”
I walked over and stabbed the giant in the neck several times.
“Are you happy now?” I asked.
“You still only killed one giant,” said Ellwood.
“One and a half,” I corrected, “for I knee-capped that one before you stabbed him in the back.  That was rather a rather cowardly blow, if I may say so.”
“I had to stab him quickly in order to save your life.  At least I didn’t poke him in meat and two veg.”
I shook my head and looked around.  The town had been lucky.  In addition to myself and Ellwood Cyrene, a mercenary company known as The Bloody Dogs were camping at the edge of the village.  Evidently, they were as unhappy as I to be woken in the middle of the night by marauding giants.  They had taken down two and had apparently wounded another, for there was a trail of blood leading away to the north.
“At least I saved the mayor,” I said, pointing to the house from which that the giant had torn the roof.
“The mayor’s house is down the street,” said Ellwood.  “That home belongs to the local wet nurse.”
“Even better,” said I.  “A wet nurse is far more valuable to a town than a politician.”
“I’ve missed you, Eaglethorpe,” said Ellwood, eyes filling with tears, and lip trembling.  “It’s been eight years.”
“It’s been six years, eleven months, and sixteen days,” I said, “and some number of hours, minutes, and seconds.”
Chapter Six: In which I remind the reader of just who Ellwood Cyrene is.

I looked at Ellwood Cyrene, her face lit by the light of the full moon.  That’s right, I said “her face.”  I had known Ellwood Cyrene for many years.  We had fought side-by-side in countless adventures.  And during all that time, I was under the impression that she was a he.  She walked like a man.  She talked like a man.  She fought like a man.  She pretended to be a man.
Then I found out that she wasn’t a man.  I found out she was a woman.  Then I found out that she wasn’t just a woman.  She was a queen.  The queen.  She was Elleena Posthuma, Queen of Aerithraine, Guardian of the Faithful, Protector of the Realm, and… a whole lot of other things.
“I thought you were over all that,” she said.
“Over what?”
“Over what you were just talking about, about me being the Queen and all that.”
“There are certain situations in which a man can get over all that,” said I, “and there are certain situations in which he can’t.”
“Well, what made it so intolerable all of a sudden?” she demanded.
“Oh, you well know what it was!” said I, striking an intimidating pose.
“You’re still angry that I wouldn’t marry you and let you be the king.”
“I never wanted to be the king.  All I wanted was to live a long life with my resplendent and enticing, though somewhat robust and virile wife, to whom I was properly married, I might add, and my eight to twelve imaginative and perspicacious children, whom I also might also add would not be bastards, because I would have been married to their mother!”
“I see you got a new thesaurus,” she said.
“I would have been a great king!” said I.
She reached out a hand and stroked my face. 
“Let’s not rehash this again.  Let’s enjoy the time that we have.  We could have a little family reunion.”
“I would,” spoke I, “but I am leaving posthaste, with… um, haste, which is to say, right away.”
“But I want… But I thought you would… What about…?”
“Spare me your half sentences.  You have sentenced me enough to last a lifetime.”
With that, I turned and walked back into tavern.  I didn’t even look back to see if she was looking at me.  I had just stepped inside the door, when I ran into my daughter.
“Come.  We must pack up and get out of town right now.”
“Right now?”
“Yes, that is what I said.  Right now.”
“Perhaps that is for the best,” she opined.
“Get our horses,” said I.  “I will gather up our things.
I hurried up to our rooms and gathered our meager, which is to say small and not in any way many, possessions, returning to find Ethyl standing by the tavern’s entrance, nary a horse in sight.
“Where are our noble steeds?”
“They should be here in a moment,” she said.  “I paid the tavern boy a silver coin to saddle them and bring them forth.”
“I thought you preferred to do that yourself,” I noted.
“Oh, um, yes… normally.  Right now, I’m still a little shaky from the whole ordeal of the giant attack.  I mean that it was an attack by giants, and not a giant attack, as in a big or large or Brobdingnagian attack, because as far as I know, it wasn’t more than four or five giants.  And I’m not shaky because I was frightened either.  It’s because I was excited.  I felt a surge of adrenaline that I’m sure would have resulted in heroic efforts against the giants had I only been six or eight inches taller.  Besides, given the location of this town, a silver coin placed in the pocket of the tavern boy might well do a great deal to build up the local economy and make it a more prosperous place to visit should we venture here again.”
“You must be filled with adrenaline,” I noted, “as heretofore, I don’t recall you ever speaking five sentences at one time, usually being prone to limit yourself to a few expletives, and here you’ve gone and spoken seven sentences all at once, and several of them quite long ones.”
“Um, darn tootin’,” said Ethyl.
The tavern boy arrived leading our two noble steeds, which is to say horses.  They had been saddled and looked well-rested.  My steed was the noble warhorse Hysteria, who had been my companion on countless adventures over the years.  In truth, she was getting a bit long of tooth, which is to say old, but I would never tell her so, as it is impolite to discuss the age of ladies and horses and Hysteria was both.  She was still capable of a good long gallop in full barding, which is to say armor for horses, though truth be told, I often had to promise some delicacy to be given in the future before she would demonstrate that capability.  She was also prone to bouts of depression, which I attributed to her recently having given up both chewing tobacco and gambling, neither of which are appropriate for horses or ladies or lady horses.  Ethyl’s mount was a pony, which is to say a small horse, but not small because it is young, but just small in general—a compact horse if you will.  His name was Acrimony, and Ethyl had picked him out as a colt when she was only four years old.  He was a light bay, which is to say brown, and was covered with a caparison, which is to say a cloth horse covering, emblazoned with the Dewberry coat of arms.
I quickly mounted Hysteria and watched as Ethyl attempted to do the same to Acrimony.  He pranced around and even turned to snap at her, but she slapped him soundly on the top of the head and told him, “Knock it off, you!”
“Is he upset to be leaving in the middle of the night?” I asked.
“One might assume so,” Ethyl replied, climbing up into the saddle and pulling back on the reins.
Acrimony quickly fell into line, seeing who was in charge.  If there is one thing that little girls know how to do, it is how to manage a horse.
“Come,” said I.  “It is time for this town to see the back of us, which is to say, it’s time for us to go.”
“Yes, Father,” said Ethyl, and she gave me an odd look.  “I’m so happy that we are together.”
This warmed my heart, for it was the first kind word that I had heard from the girl’s lips in a long time, or maybe ever.
“Me too,” said I.
And we rode off down the trail, into the wilds of the far north portion of The Fallen Lands, just south of the great glacier known as The Skagarack.

Chapter Seven: In which Ethyl determines to be more of a girl and less of an evil doppelganger.

Ethyl and I traveled through what little remained of the night and then we traveled through the morning, not stopping until it was nigh on noon.  We found a little spot beside a river with a few bits of grass that the horses could nibble on while we nibbled on some dry rations.
I literally felt like figuratively kicking myself because I had neglected to purchase even a fraction of a gigantic piece of pie before we had left Fencemar.  So, I made a small fire for warmth and imagined that a meat pie was baking away in the coals as I ate a piece of bread so hard that it was inedible until dipped in river water.
“What ho!” shouted Ethyl suddenly.
I looked up to find her looking down into a saddle bag, or more precisely into Acrimony’s saddle bag, since it was behind the saddle that was fastened to Acrimony’s back.
“What?” I asked.
“There are dresses in here.”
“Of course there are dresses in there.  Every morning, I take out one of those dresses and wrestle you into it, clean you up, and do your hair into cute pigtails.  And every day, by half past noon, you have stripped off the dress, dirtied yourself up again, and taken to acting in no fit manner for a young lady.”
“I have?  I mean, I have,” said she.  “You know, I wouldn’t mind getting into a dress now, as I’m still cleaned up from yesterday, and, if you wanted to, and it wasn’t too much trouble, and we have time, I wouldn’t mind too terribly having my hair put up in cute pigtails.”
“What have you done with my daughter, vile doppelganger?” I shouted, jumping to my feet and whipping out my sword.
“I didn’t do anything to her.  I mean to me.  I mean, it’s me.  I’m right here, obviously.”
“I knew there was something off about you.  You are way too nice and way to civilized, and now that I think about it, way too clean to be the real Ethylthorpe Buxton.  I should have known right away that you were some evil fiend that had taken her form.”
“I’m really Ethylthorpe Dewberry Buxton,” she said, “and my birthday is the Sixth Day of the Rat Festival in The Year of the Drunken Hobgoblin.  No doppelganger would know that.”
“Hmm,” I hmmed, almost satisfied.  “Turn around and lift up your jerkin.”
With a sigh, she did so, and I could see the birthmark in the small of her back shaped like a kickball.  I was thus reassured that she was the genuine article, the article being my daughter.
“Satisfied?” she asked, cheekily. 
“I am satisfied that you are my daughter, but I am not otherwise satisfied, which is to say, I wish I had a meat pie.”
I finished my lunch, such as it was, and checked the horse’s hooves, while Ethyl changed into the cute little red dress that I had purchased for her in Oordport.  Oordport is a city known for its fine dresses and is somewhat of a destination for both men and women who enjoy wearing that type of clothing, which is to say dresses.  Once she had put on the proper attire for a young lady or a very small man, if he was inclined to such a thing, she allowed me to braid her hair into two cute pigtails, with red ribbons tied to the ends. 
“What do you think?” she asked me.
“I scarcely know what to think,” said I.  “Let’s be on our way.”
I put out the fire and cleaned up the camp, and then my daughter and I mounted our horses, me upon mine and she upon hers, and we continued on our way.
“Tell me about my mother,” said Ethyl.
“I have told you about her many times.”
“Um, yes, I know.  I want to hear about her again.  What was she like?”
“What would you like to know?”
“Was she beautiful?”
“She was extremely beautiful,” I said.  
As I reminisced, which is to say, talked while remembering, I tried to keep as much wist from my voice as possible.  Wistfulness is fine beside a fire of an evening but is no good while riding through the cold countryside.   
“She also wore beautiful dresses and she never even once dressed in pants and pretended to be a man.”
“Where is she?” asked Ethyl.
“You know where she is.  She’s dead.”
“She is?  I mean, she is.  I mean, how did she die?  I mean, tell me again how she died.”
“I can’t tell you again how she died,” said I.
“Why not?”
“I can’t tell you again how she died, because I’ve never told you how she died in the first place.”
“Oh.”
“She died of consumption,” I told her.
“Consumption?  What is that?”
“It’s when you consume something you shouldn’t have,” said I.  “She consumed poison.”
“Poison!” shouted Ethyl.  “Who poisoned her?”
“Calm yourself,” said I.  “Nobody poisoned her but her own self.  She took her own life.”
“Why?”
“Well, it wasn’t because she didn’t want to be a devoted wife and mother or wear dresses all the time and give up on a life of adventuring.  It was a different reason entirely.”
“Well, what was it?”
“Um, well… I will tell you another time.  It is too upsetting.  Let us talk on a different topic.”
“Okay,” said Ethyl.  “Tell me why you hate Ellwood Cyrene so much.”
“Who said I hate Ellwood Cyrene?  Did he… she… he say that?  Either one of them?”
“No.  She said nothing to me about it.  And I know that she is a woman.  And I know that she is really Queen Elleena of Aerithraine.”
“How do you know all that?” I demanded.
“Well, it’s all right there in Chapter Six,” she said.
Chapter Eight: Wherein the doppelganger threat rises again, only to be put to rest just in time for the inevitable goblin attack. 

“I do not hate Ellwood Cyrene,” I said, as Ethyl and I rode through the barren windswept hills of the northern Fallen Lands, just south of the great glacier known as The Skagarack.
“Is it because she dresses like a man and goes adventuring?” asked Ethyl.
“Is what because she dresses like a man and goes adventuring?”
“Is that why you hate her?”
“I do not hate Ellwood Cyrene.  Why, I said as much scarcely a paragraph ago.”
“I can’t imagine why she would want to go adventuring,” said Ethyl.  “If I was the Queen, I would stay at home in my palace, wearing beautiful dresses and having tea parties.”
“Fiend!” I shouted, unsheathing my sword, which is to say, taking it out of its scabbard, which is the sword holder thing.  “Now I know that you are not the true Ethyl, for she has said a thousand times that she would never wear a dress and she hates… well, in truth, she is moderately indifferent to tea, but I’ll wager a gold sovereign that she would hate a tea party!”
“Put your sword away, Father.  I swear by all that is holy that I am your loving daughter.”
“You are not helping your case, fiend!  The real Ethylthorpe would never describe herself thus.  If you really are my daughter, what is my favorite pie?”
“You love all pies equally,” she said with a sigh.
“That does sound like the correct answer,” said I.  “It is not proof enough, however.  It is far too vague.  You must answer a question that is more un-vague.”
“More specific?” she offered.
“I do not take grammar advice from doppelgangers,” said I.
“I do not remember you ever taking grammar advice from anyone,” she replied, “though I recall hearing it offered on quite a few occasions.”
“If you are who you say you are, answer this question.  What was the pie that your Aunt Celia made for me the last time we visited her?”
“That was a long time ago, probably,” said Ethyl.
“It was close to three years ago,” I reported.
“How could Ethyl… how could I possibly be expected to remember that?”
“I will give you three guesses.  If you cannot get the correct pie in those three guesses, I will run you through, which is to say, poke you with the pointy end of this sword.”
She scrunched up her forehead in thought.
“All right, she made you either a blueberry pie, a chicken pot pie, or… a disconsolateberry pie.”
“She did indeed make me all three of those pies,” I agreed, putting away my sword.  “She made me a few others as well.  It is well that you remembered, for I was almost certain that you had been replaced by a…”
“A goblin!” shouted Ethyl.
“Clearly you hadn’t been replaced by a goblin,” said I.  “I would have noticed by your very round head or your very pointy teeth.”
“No, Father, a goblin!” Ethyl shouted again, this time adding a gesture, which is to say pointing to the trail ahead.
Standing not twenty paces ahead of us, was indeed a goblin.  He was no more than three feet tall, with an over-sized round head, glowing eyes, and a gaping maw.  In other words, he was typical of his vicious little species.  As we watched him, that gaping mouth widened into a grin filled with jagged little teeth, which I always thought looked far too much like the teeth on the blade of a cross-cut saw for my taste.
I drew my sword again, and pulled up on Hysteria’s reigns, so that she would stop.  Ethyl whipped out a bow and a handful of arrows.
“When do you take up archery?” I queried.
“I’ve been practicing, um, when you weren’t looking.”
With that, she pulled back on the bow and let loose an arrow which lodged itself into the goblin’s eye.  He fell over onto his back, looking up at half the sky with his remaining dead eye.
Suddenly we were surrounded by goblins, for it can be said of a certainty, that you never run into a single goblin, but rather stumble into a whole pack of them.  The rest of the horrible little blighters had been hiding on either side of the road, just waiting for their hapless cohort to waylay a couple of decent folk, which is to say, us.
There were about two dozen goblins in this particular troop, and they had not chosen well in their prey.  I was a skilled goblin killer, and sliced left and right, my sword just reaching low enough to chop the top third of a goblin’s head off.  Hysteria was a known hater of goblins, or anything else that got too close to her feet, and she reared up again and again, stomping the ruthless little monsters into the permafrost, which is dirt that is permanently frosty.  Acrimony pranced around and killed one or two, mostly by accident, I think.  Ethylthorpe was surprisingly accurate in her archery, dropping one after another of the little monsters.  Before long, there wasn’t a single goblin remaining.  I counted thirteen bodies, indicating that nearly half the original number had fled.  This was standard operating procedure for goblins, which is to say, escaping when they are losing a battle, and not attempting to repair an injured organ or broken bone.
“Well, once again, good has triumphed over evil,” I declared.  “Let us hurry along and be out of this immediate area before nightfall.”
“Good idea, Father,” agreed Ethyl.  “I believe there is a village some four or five hours ride ahead.”
“How would you know that?  We did not travel this way before.”
“Um, I must have read it on a map.”
“If that is the case, a nice cup of mulled cider would hit the spot about now.  Mayhap this supposed town of yours will have a pie as well.”
“There is a very nice inn there,” said Ethyl.  “Um, according to the map, and they serve meat pies for supper.  The um, map didn’t mention cider, I’m afraid.”
“It is of no consequence,” said I.  “As it is, you have found quite a remarkable map with much more information than one can usually expect.  Where did you see this map?”
“It must have been back in Fencemar,” she said.  “That is of no consequence though.  What is of consequence is that at the upcoming inn, you may tell some of your wonderful stories.  Oh, how I have longed for years to hear one!”
“You have heard many of my stories over the years,” said I.
“Oh.  Um, yes.  That would be true, wouldn’t it?  But your stories are so wonderful that I could listen to them again and again, because you, my dearest father, are the greatest storyteller in the entire world.” 
“Spoken like a virtuous, clever, upstanding, astute, right-minded, sharp-witted, obedient, thoughtful daughter,” said I.
Chapter Nine: Wherein we have a disagreement over stories.

Ethylthorpe had promised a town and she delivered a town.  It was three times the size of Fencemar, which was really more of a village.  There were two inns and three taverns in this new town, which was called Rumplegate, and they all looked warm and cozy.  Ethyl insisted though that we stay in the inn called The Rolling Barrel.  Apparently, her map had indicated that this was the best of the lot.
The Rolling Barrel was a large three-story building constructed of hewn stone on the ground floor and a combination of pine and cedar on the floors above.  By the time that we had seen our mounts, which is to say Hysteria and Acrimony, safely in their stalls at the stables, with clean water, good oats, and the promise of a rubdown, it had already grown quite dark.  Stepping into the taproom of the inn revealed a large room, heated by a roaring fireplace and filled with local miners, lumberjacks, and trappers as well as more than a few travelers like us.  We took a small table along an inner wall and were immediately approached by a barmaid.
 “What can I fetch ya’, luv?” she asked leaning over the table.
She was quite a fetching thing, moderately plump, with licorice-colored hair, coffee-colored skin, and big bright eyes.  Her slightly pointy ears told me that she had some elven ancestry, which is to say probably one of her grandparents was an elf or an elf-lover.  Her bountiful bosom strained against her blouse, which she wore with the top two buttons undone.
“I have it on good authority that you serve a meat pie for supper,” said I.
“Indeed we do,” she smiled.  “I’ll bring out a pair of ‘em right away.”
“And a couple of beers,” I added.
“Tea for me,” said Ethyl.
“And a tea for her,” said I.
“Say, you look familiar,” said the barmaid.
“I am quite famous,” said I.  “However, I have never been in this town before.  Perhaps you have traveled south to Antriador or Oordport, or perhaps west to Celestria.”
“Not you,” she said.  “Her.”
She pointed to Ethyl.
“I’ve seen ya’ in here before.  Haven’t I?  But ya’ had a different fella with you then.  Is one of ‘em your dad and one your uncle ‘en?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” said Ethyl.
“All right, all right.  I ain’t one to pry,” said the barmaid.  “Two meet pies, a beer, and a tea, right away.”
“That was two beers,” said I.
She nodded in acknowledgement and headed off toward the kitchen.
“It will be some little while until she returns with our supper,” said Ethyl.  “Would now be a good time to tell one of your famous stories?”
“You know it would be,” I replied.  “Introduce me.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, introduce me to the crowd.  Stand up and tell them that I am Eaglethorpe Buxton and they should prepare to listen to a wondrous story.  You’ve done it a hundred times before.”
“Oh, yes.  I just wasn’t sure because I didn’t know what story you were planning to tell.”
“What story do you think I should tell them?  Perhaps Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Elven Princess.”
“No, not that one,” said Ethyl.
“How about Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Irascible Monkey People?”
“No one wants to hear that,” opined Ethyl, “because everyone knows that there is no such thing as monkey people.”
“Oh, how sharper than a serpent’s tooth,” said I.
“It seems like I’ve heard that before,” said Ethyl.  “Why don’t you tell the story of Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Mercenary Warrior Who Ought Not to be a Woman but Secretly Was?”
“I am not in the mood to tell that story.  How about Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Werewolf?”
“That sounds promising,” said Ethyl, getting to her feet.  “Your attention good folk!  Here is Eaglethorpe Buxton, the world’s greatest storyteller, and tonight he will tell you the greatest story ever told!  Tonight, he will tell you the story of The Queen of Aerithraine.”
“No, I won’t!” I said.  “I do not tell that story anymore.  Besides, she’s a beastly hag.”
“But the people want to hear that story!”
“Actually, we don’t much care which story you tell,” said a large man, who looked to be a teamster or involved in some other hardy profession, which is to say, a tough job.
“This here ain’t Aerithraine and we don’t give spit about their queen,” said another, this fellow obviously a farmer, judging by his weathered skin and reddened neck.  “You can save that story for when you’s back in Celestria.”
“But it’s a really good story,” said Ethyl.
“Tell us something exciting!” called out a dark-haired woman, sitting on the lap of a mercenary swordsman.
“Yeah!” cried her companion, and the fellow sitting across from him, both of whom looked to be well past the moderately drunk stage, which is to say, the plenty drunk stage, which was no doubt why the woman was with them, as men in the plenty drunk stage are freer with their coin than those in the moderately drunk stage.
“I shall tell you the most exciting story of all,” I told them.  “I will tell you how I chased down a vile and deadly werewolf and killed him with this very fork!”
I whipped my fork out of my fork pocket and held it up so that it shone in flickering light of the fireplace and the many hanging lanterns.  Everyone in attendance gave a great cheer.”

Chapter Ten: Wherein I learn the true identity of the doppelganger.

Ethylthorpe and I made our way up to our rooms on the third floor, having eaten a fine meal, which had been supplied free of charge by the inn, happy to have provided entertainment for their patrons in the form of Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Werewolf, Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Zombies, and finally Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Sorceress.  My room was the first at the top of the stairs, the first one on the right, but I led Ethyl past it, to the second door, which was her room.
I stepped in and looked around, to make sure that there was no one lurking inside.  With no danger present, I allowed the girl to enter and then closed the door behind her.  Then I grabbed her by the cute little red dress that I had purchased for her in Oordport and threw her up against the wall.  Holding her there, her feet a good twelve inches above the floor, which is to say, one foot, I placed my face close to hers and spoke in low tones.
“Now, foul, vile, and despicable villain, I will cut you into pieces and bury your parts in separate holes.  But first, I will torture you until you confess and tell me what you have done with my poor, sweet, Ethylthorpe.”
“Father, I am your daughter,” she gasped, as I squeezed her tiny throat.
“Do not lie to me!” I hissed.  “Do you think that I am such a poor writer that I did not notice all the inconsistencies in chapters seven through nine?  You are not my daughter Ethylthorpe!”
“No, I am not Ethylthorpe.”
“Then tell me where she is.”
“She is with her mother.”
“You’ve killed her?  Oh, you have no idea what pain I will subject you to before I finally slay you.”
“Her mother isn’t dead, and you know it!  She’s with her mother and her mother is Elleena Cyrene!”
“Don’t lie to me!”
“I’m not lying.  She’s safe with mother.”
I released her and let her drop to her feet.
“And you are not a vile doppelganger that killed her to take her place?”
“Of course not, Father.  I am your daughter.  I am Ednathorpe.”
  
Chapter Eleven: Wherein I learn what happened to Ethylthorpe and Ednathorpe’s hand in it.

“Ednathorpe?”
“I prefer Edna,” she said.
“Your name is Ednathore,” said I.  “If indeed you are Ednathore.  But you cannot be.  I looked on your back and saw the birthmark shaped like a kick ball.  That is Ethylthorpe’s birthmark.  Ednathorpe has a birthmark shaped like a pie.”
“I used lip rouge to fill in the empty slice, so that it would look like a whole pie, or a kickball, depending upon one’s point of view.”
“Let me see.”
She turned around and I unbuttoned two buttons on her dress, just where her birthmark was.  There was a round kickball.  I wet my thumb and then rubbed the little mark, and behold, an empty slice was revealed.
“Ednathorpe!  My beloved child!”  I spun her back around and grasped her in a mighty hug.  “I haven’t seen you since you were a baby.  Oh, how you’ve grown!”
“Oh father, I am so happy to be here with you, and I have enjoyed these past twenty or so hours.  I have yearned to be with you for so long, and I knew much about you, but alas, I didn’t think I would ever see you.  My mother told me that you were dead.”
“Oh, what perfidy!” I cried.
She raised an eyebrow.
“Did you not tell Ethylthorpe that her mother was dead?  At least Mother told me who you were.”
“It’s an entirely different situation,” said I, “but that is not important.  Tell me of how you two managed to become switched.  It was no doubt due to some incompetence on your mother’s part.”
“It was not my mother’s fault.  She is a good person, and I love her.  She is a fine mother, except that she never lets me wear dresses, and always has me dressed up as a boy, and never puts my hair up or ties it with a ribbon, and we always have to go adventuring, and seldom even stay in an inn, but have to camp out on the hard ground, and she never lets me have tea parties or play with dolls or live in a castle.  I want to be a princess!”
“Oh, my poor, poor child,” said I.  “She has probably neglected your education too.”
“She has taught me to read and to write and to algebra, but I’m sure it’s not the same level of education that I would have received from you.”
“Of that, there can be no doubt,” said I.
“Anyway, we had been traveling for the past several months, moving westward from Aerithraine’s border, when we arrived late in the evening at Fencemar.  I begged and pleaded with Mother to let us stay inside, as I was frozen through, but the tavernkeeper informed us that he had let out the only two room in his establishment.”
“Which is to say, his tavern,” I added.
“Indeed.  Mother said that we could stay in a room, if I could convince the current occupants to double up into one.  I went upstairs and knocked on the door of a room and it opened.  There, standing before me, was an almost exact copy of myself.”
“It was a doppelganger!” I shouted.
“No, it was Ethylthorpe,” said Edna.  “We were both shocked, but after sharing a bit of information, we figured out that we were twin sisters, separated at birth by our parents.  I had always wanted to meet you and hear your wonderful stories, and Ethyl had always longed to know her mother, so we exchanged clothing and took each other’s place.  Now I get to travel with you, not to mention sleep inside, wear pretty dresses, and have my hair tied up in ribbons.”
“I suppose sleeping inside is a big deal for a little girl,” said I.
“I said not to mention sleeping inside,” she said.  “Ethyl and I agreed to maneuver you and mother into being in Oordport in one year, so that we could compare our experiences and decide if we wanted to trade back or not.”
“What happens when you both inevitably, which is to say certainly and unavoidably, want to be with me.  Then your mother will be all alone, with neither of her children there to keep her company.  Why, she is likely to fall under the sway of some ruthless man… or woman… or bugbear.”
“That is something you should have both thought about some six years, ten months, and fourteen days ago.”

Chapter Twelve: Wherein I recall a wonderful and later less-than-wonderful romance.

I kissed Ednathorpe on the cheek and left her to change into her jammies, a brand-new pair that I had purchased for her sister in Antriador.  Antriador was with jammies something like Oordport was with dresses.  This particular pair consisted of a warm and cozy top and leggings, blue and dotted here and there with tiny images of unicorns.
The unicorn is an animal that is common in the woods around Antriador.  They are a bit like a horse, but as they make horrible mounts and aren’t good to eat, they are completely worthless.
I made my way, by way of the corridor, to my own room.  There I removed my gear and undressed, finally blowing out the candle and climbing into bed.  I lay there for a long time, staring at the cedar planks that made up the ceiling.  As I did, I thought back to the events that had brought my family to its current condition, which is to say split into two halves.
Nine years ago, give or take a few months, I had the misfortune to find myself engaged to be wed to three or four women at the same time, all of whom, I hasten to point out, had asked me to marry them, and not the other way ‘round.  I wasn’t ready to be married, and notwithstanding the fact that one of the women was the Queen of Aerithraine, with whom I was deeply and honestly in love, and had been for a long time, I decided on a different path.  I ran away.
Elleena, the aforementioned queen, followed me and found me, although she was in her guise as the manly warrior and adventurer Ellwood Cyrene.  We adventured together across the eastern world, putting wrongs right, putting evildoers in their graves, and putting quite a lot of beer in our stomachs.  Eventually, of an evening, Elleena even took to dressing up as a girl, and we would stroll in the moonlight, lie under the stars, and dance the night away.  We did it all, adventuring of a day and frolicking of a night.  We did it all until she was unable to adventure and very nearly unable to frolic, as she was heavy with child, which is to say pregnant.
We traveled back to Celestria, and just before we arrived, I tenderly took her in my arms, and tenderly touched her cheek, and tenderly kissed her lips, and tenderly asked her to marry me.  I was expecting a simply “yes,” seeing as how she had asked me to marry her only a bit earlier, but that was not what I got.
“Oh, so now you want to marry me?” quoth she.
“Um, yes.”
“You just feel forced to marry me because I’m pregnant!” quoth she.
“That is not the reason why I asked you to marry me, but it might be why I asked you to marry me now.”
“You just want to be King!”
“I want no such thing, although I would be a good king.”
“Aha!  I knew it!”  Her voice turned low and menacing.  “For years, petty nobles and weakling merchant have tried to worm their way into my life and my bed, all in order to steal my power, my authority, and my crown.  Now, the most petty and weak man that the gods have ever molded from clay has gotten where no other man has been and I will not have it.  I will not have it!”
“What do you mean ‘petty?’” I demanded.  “Besides which, you will have it, whether you want to or not.  There is no question, but it is coming out of there and it is coming out of there soon.”
“We will go to Dewberry Castle,” she continued.  “There I will give birth, and you may play mother to the fruit of your transgressions, and I will go on with my life and never have to see you again.”
“I have heard that women get moody at this time,” said I.
I was not expecting the uppercut that followed, leaving me with a swollen jaw and a bruised disposition.
As it turned out of course, she had not it, but them.  We were blessed with beautiful twin girls, whom I was happy to name—Ethylthorpe Dewberry Buxton and Ednathorpe Dewberry Buxton. By that time, Elleena was in a better mood, which is to say less prone to punch and yell.  She was still determined to be gone from me however, but she had fallen in love with the tiny pinched little faces of the girls.  We stayed together for almost a year after their births, but in the end, it was decided that she would take one and I would take one.  After all, they looked so much alike that looking at one twice was almost like looking at both once.  
I took off on a grand adventure, taking my baby with me.  I had assumed that Elleena had gone back to being Queen of Aerithraine, but apparently, she was doing much as I was doing, which is to say going on adventures and acting like a man.
My musings, which is to say my thoughts about the past, were interrupted when my door opened.  In stepped a diminutive, which is to say tiny, figure in blue jammies.  She climbed up onto my bed and snuggled up against my side.
“I miss my mommy,” she said.

Chapter Thirteen: Wherein we spend the night at the inn.

“I miss my mommy,” said Ednathorpe.
“You have only been away from her for a day,” I replied.
“A day and a night.”
“I was saying a day, as in one cycle of the sun, and not a day as in the time of daylight which is opposed to the night which is the time of darkness.”
“I still miss her.”
“That is understandable.  You are only seven and so can only stand to be away from your mother for a day.”
“How old are you?” she asked.
“Nearly six times as old as you.”
“How long have you been away from her?”
“My mother?”
“No,” she said.  “My mother.”
“I saw her briefly last night, but besides that, it has been some seven years.”
“You love her.”
“Why would you think that?” I demanded.
“Otherwise, you couldn’t have had Ethyl and me.  Mother told me how it works.  When a mommy and a daddy love each other very much, a stork brings a baby and drops it in a cabbage patch for them to find.  If they love each other twice as much, the stork brings two babies at once.”
“That does sound like a story that your mother would tell,” I allowed.  
“Isn’t it the truth?”
“Of course not.  You were born in Dewberry, where there is nary a cabbage patch within fifty miles.  Plenty of onion patches, but no cabbage patches.”
“Would you tell me the truth about how babies are born?” she asked.
“I suppose you are old enough.  When a mommy and a daddy love each other very much, the mommy sends the daddy on an epic quest.  On this quest, he must perform many difficult deeds such as crossing mountains and valleys, until he reaches a great stone castle.  There he must fight his way in.  It doesn’t matter how many times the owner of the castle invites him in, he still ends up fighting.  Finally, once he has entered, he must kill a hundred or so monsters that live in the castle, all the while searching, until he finds a great egg.”
“Is the baby in the egg?”
“Edna, do not hurry a storyteller.”
“Sorry.”
“The warrior, which is to say the daddy, brings the egg home and the mommy sits on it.  She sits on it even though it makes her sick and messes up her emotions.  For three months it makes her very sad.  For three months it makes her very angry.  And for three months, it makes her… well, it makes her want to kiss the daddy all the time.  Then finally, the egg hatches and inside is a golden coin.  The mommy and the daddy take the gold coin to the midwife and she gives them a baby.  Rarely, one finds two gold coins inside the egg, and the parents end up with twins.  The trip to the midwife also involves a lot of bitching and yelling, as I recall.”
“But where does the midwife get the baby?” asked Edna.
“That is a story for another time.”
“You must miss my mother an awful lot,” she said.
“Why would you think that?”
“Well, you loved her very much, and you’ve been away from her for seven long years.  That’s almost as long than I have been alive.  And even if you are seven times as strong, because you are seven times older than me…”
“Six times,” I interjected, “more or less.”
“Even if you are six times as strong, you have been away from her for one thousand three hundred and twenty times as long, so you must miss her two hundred twenty times as much as I do, and I miss her so much that I want to cry.”
“That can’t be true.”
“You can’t argue with math.”
“You can argue with math,” said I.  “Math always wins though, because math is a vicious cur.”
Both Ednathorpe and I eventually fell asleep.  She woke the next morning at the crowing of a particularly abominable rooster.  I had been awakened much earlier by that very same fowl.  Contrary to popular belief, roosters crow all the time.  They crow in the morning and they crow in the evening, and sometimes they crow in the middle of the night.  Many of us, who have grown up keeping chickens, have learned to ignore those phantom cries in the darkness, but this one was simply too much.  I resigned myself to not sleeping any more that night and was only stopped myself from hunting down and killing that rooster and his owner by the fact that my daughter managed to sleep soundly through the cacophony, which is to say, roostering, at least until morning.
Consequently, that morning, I was somewhat less than fully awake, which is to say, I was still sleepy.  My daughter, however, was well-rested and quite bubbly.  She insisted that I dress her in another of the cute little outfits that I had originally procured for her twin.  This time, it was a blue satin dress with lots of lace and beneath which were seven petticoats.  A petticoat is a sort of skirt that goes under a skirt, which make the skirt on the outside poof out.  The poofing effect is compounded the more one adds additional petticoats.  The blue dress also had quite poofy arms though there was no undersleeve garment making them do so.
“I love this, Father,” said Edna.  “I feel like a Princess.”
“Well, that stands to reason, because you are indeed a princess, or at least you would be if you had not been born a bastard, which is entirely your mother’s fault.”
“Well, I still feel like one.”
“You look like one too.  You have no idea how I have longed to see my daughter dressed up just so.  I’ve spent the better part of the last six years wrestling Ethyl into girl clothing, only to have it torn apart, dragged through the mud, or set fire to.”
“I wonder how Ethyl is doing with Mother?” she wondered.
“Not as well as I am, I imagine,” said I.  “All evidence indicates that I have come out ahead in this exchange.”
“Don’t say that, Father.  You know you love Ethylthorpe.”
“Of course I do, though it has not been easy.  Your mother will have to deal with all the profanity and the foul language and the vulgarity and the swearing from now on.”
“I am afraid that Ethylthorpe will have to deal with all of that too,” said Edna.
“And Ethyl has recently been referring to the Queen of Aerithraine in unflattering terms,” I said.
“My mother has been doing the same,” said Edna, “Only in regard to Eaglethorpe Buxton.”
“Mayhaps, they shall get along famously,” I said.  “Let us go downstairs and have breakfast.”
Chapter Fourteen: Wherein I teach Edna about truth and responsibility.

The breakfast at The Rolling Barrel was certainly not the best one that I had ever been served.  That would have been the breakfast brought to my bed by the princess of the monkey people.  Her name was Princess Ack-Ack-Ooh-Ooh and she was lovely, as was her tail and her feet that looked exactly like her hands.  But as we were in the far north of The Fallen Lands, just along the southern border of the great glacier known as The Skagarack, I had not expected banana waffles.  At The Rolling Barrel, in the town of Rumplegate, we had regular waffles.  
“There is no such thing as monkey people,” said Ednathorpe.
“Princesses do not talk with their mouths full of waffles,” I chided.  “Neither do monkey people, which do indeed exist.  I suppose your mother told you that all my stories are rife with falsehood, which is to say, mostly made up.”
“She said that some of your stories were very loosely based on your perception of reality.”
“Poor child, to have been raised by such an angry and vengeful woman.  All of my tales are completely and absolutely and unquestionably true, having only been edited that they might fit the occasion, the audience, the limits of time, and the point that I am trying to make at the moment of the telling.  In other words, you can bet your life on the veracity of any of them, which is to say, the truth.”
Edna looked at me, her eyes wide.
“So, you really killed a werewolf with a fork?”
“Indeed.”
“You defeated the wicked Sorceress Myolaena Maetar?
“It is a fact.”
“You saved Celestria from zombies?”
“Not just the city of Celestria, but the whole country of Aerithraine.”
“And you escaped the Amazons by seducing their queen and then leaving her alone and bereft?”
“I… um, what now?  I don’t recall telling that story recently.”
“I heard it from my mother.”
“Oh, you did, did you?  And did she tell you who that queen of the Amazons was?”
“She said that the queen was a poor virgin, unwise to the ways of man.”
“That is not how she was and that was not how it happened,” said I, “and that is not how the story goes.  I shall be happy to tell you the real story of Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Amazons just as soon as I come up with it… um, remember it.”
“I can’t wait to hear it,” said Edna, her eyes sparkling with admiration.
“You are a lovely girl,” I told her.  “I wish I could take you straight from here to a civilized country so that you could be presented to royalty.  I am afraid though that we have to turn around and go back to Fencemar.”
“Why ever must we do that?” she cried.  Tears immediately appeared in her eyes and rushed down her cheeks.  “You don’t like me!  You want to take me back to trade me for Ethyl!  I’m so sorry!  I never meant to impugn your honesty, which is to say call you a liar!”
I stood up, rushed around the table, and pulled her to my chest.
“Do not think it, my sweet daughter!”
“That seems a little much,” said she.
“Um, I could jump over the table.”
“No.  How about you just take my hand and clasp it in yours.”
I took her hand and clasped it in mine.
“Do not think it, my sweet daughter.  I am so happy to finally know you, and I am looking forward to spending the next year with you.  However, we must make sure that Elleena and Ethyl have not killed each other, and Elleena and I must make sure that your plan of you spending a year with me and Ethyl with her mother will work out.”
“I suppose that is the responsible thing to do,” said Edna.  
“It is,” I agreed, “and we’re going to do it anyway.  And let us not forget that there is unusually large pie in Fencemar.”
So it was that I, Lord Dewberry Eaglethorpe Buxton and my sweet daughter Ednathorpe turned our horses back to the east and made once again for the village of Fencemar.
Chapter Fifteen: Wherein we encounter goblins again and something more dangerous.

Edna and I had traveled most of the day when we reached the site of the goblin attack on us from way back in chapter eight.  Though it was still quite a few hours from sundown, the overcast sky made it seem later than it was.  It was just the sort of time in which to expect a goblin attack.
I looked at my daughter and said, “This is just the sort of time in which to expect…”
“Goblins!”
“Yes, that is the right of it.”
“No, Father!  There!  In the road!  Goblins!”
“Really, Edna?” I shook my head.  “Four exclamation points?”
“Five goblins per,” she said.
Sure enough, there was a horde of some twenty goblins rushing toward us.  I am sure that there are some among you who will scold me for my use of the word horde, there being only twenty or so of the snotty little gits.  Normally, I would not ascribe horde to any number less than a hundred, mass to no number less than two hundred, and throng to a group that did not consist of at least a thousand.  It was certainly not a multitude.  In reality, I would say that this was halfway between a gang and a crowd, but the fact that in addition to myself, my daughter, in a brand-new blue dress I might add, was being born down upon by these goblins, armed as they so often are, with knives, razors, and sharp sticks, made them seem more numerous than they actually were, which is to say like a horde.
“Get behind me, Edna,” I ordered.
In reply, she whipped out her bow, seemingly from thin air, and fired off three arrows, all of which hit their marks, assuming those marks were the head, throat, and kneecap of three goblins respectively.
Hysteria reared up and stomped down upon a couple of goblins, and I swung my sword at a couple more.  It was, all in all, something of a repeat of the previous goblin attack in the same location.  That is to say, it was something of a repeat until a hulking form stepped out from behind a group of trees.  It would not have been difficult to identify this new figure as a frost giant, even had I not had encounters with a number of them recently, which is to say discussing the life story of one, kneecapping another, and stabbing the manly bits of a third.  This one was a hulking fellow of about seventeen feet in height, clad in a mix of gigantic armor and furs and carrying a huge war hammer.
This is not as odd as it may sound to those of you who are not trained monster hunters.  Goblins, being tiny, sniveling little creatures often team up with a larger humanoid of some type.  Often it is a hobgoblin or a bugbear.  Many times, I have found groups of goblins throwing their lot in with an ogre.  A frost giant was somewhat unusual, though hill giants are not, but then, this was the edge of frost giant territory.
The giant took three great strides towards us.  This was one stride too many for my brave and noble steed, who bucked once, sending me falling to the ground, and then took off at a gallop to the southwest.
There were three or four goblins on me by the time I could get to my feet.  I could hear their little knives and razors clanging against my armor.  One sliced me across the cheek with its knife.  I shook them off and cleared a path around me with broad swipes of my sword.  By then, the giant was upon me.  With a mighty thrust, I stabbed right up into his manly bits, only to hear a very loud clang.  This was the smartest frost giant that I had ever encountered.  He was wearing a codpiece, which is to say armor over one’s family jewels.  Then I was hit along the entire left side of my body by the enormous war hammer.  I went flying through the air, and lost consciousness before I hit the ground.
Chapter Sixteen: Wherein we recover and make our final return to Fencemar.

I opened my eyes to be greeted by the night sky, filled with stars.  I took a breath and immediately regretted it.  As long as I didn’t move or breathe, I was fine, but if I failed to follow that rule, my entire body punished me, which is to say, hurt.  A little round face peered down at me, and I was certain that a goblin was about to bite off my nose.  I was greatly relieved then, when I noticed that this little round face was framed by blond hair tied up in two pigtails.
“Do not move, Father,” said the face, apparently belonging to my child, which is to say Ednathorpe.  “I believe you have broken every bone in your body.”
“I have not,” I gasped, punished for every syllable.  “A giant did it for me.  Where is he anyway?”
“The giant?”
“No, the last remnants of my patience, sanity, and consciousness.  Yes, the giant, stupid girl.  Owe.”
“It wandered away after I shot out both of its eyes with my bow,” she said, with a bit too much smugness, I thought.
“And where are the goblins?”
“Most of them are all around us.  The giant stomped most of them into the dirt as it blindly wandered around.”
“Well, it appears you have inherited my warrior instincts and abilities,” said I.  “Now, please reach into my saddlebag and retrieve the three healing potions that I have stashed there.  I think I shall need all three.”
“I am sure you could do with three or maybe even four potions,” said Edna, “but your saddlebags, your saddle, and your entire horse are nowhere to be seen.”
“Drat,” said I.
“Maybe she will wander back to us by morning.”
“You shouldn’t assume that,” said I.  “By this time, Hysteria has returned to Rumplegate, and is using my money to buy her way into a game of poker.”
Edna watched over me the entire night and made sure that a large fire kept us within its warm glow.  This might have been important on any trip through the wilderness but having to spend the hours of darkness on blood-soaked ground amid the mangled and dead bodies of a score of goblins made it doubly, or triply, or quadropoly so.  Who knows what terrible predators glared at us from just beyond the edge of the illumination, which is to say the light?  But by morning, they were gone.  And to my great surprise, Hysteria had returned.  She still had the healing potions in her saddlebag, but my money purse which had hung on her saddle horn was now empty.
Ednathorpe brought the healing potions to my lips, and I drank them.  Even so, it took a while before I was once again steady on my feet.
“You should be ashamed of yourself,” I told Hysteria.  “A horse of your years.”
She looked at the ground and kicked the dirt.  There was no use dwelling upon it though.  What was done was done.  Instead, we continued on toward Fencemar.
It was late when we arrived.  We stopped first at the stable, and notwithstanding the fact that my purse was decidedly lighter, in fact empty but for a few coins I had stashed on my person, and notwithstanding the fact that I was not overly happy with my noble steed, which is to say Hysteria, I still arranged for hay and water and a good brushing for her and for Acrimony.  After all, as far as I knew, he was guiltless.
Edna and I stepped through the tavern door in time to hear someone speaking loudly from the common room.  We looked inside to see a fellow dressed as an adventurer, speaking before a crowd consisting of a few townsfolk, some travelers, and if looks were to be believed, a fair-sized mercenary group.
“And now, I shall tell you how I, Eaglethorpe Buxton, saved Celestria and defeated the zombie horde with only this fork!”
“Varlet!” I cried.  “You are not Eaglethorpe Buxton!  You did not save Celestria!  You were not even born when that happened!  And what did you do to your beautiful hair?”  The fake Eaglethorpe Buxton stared back at me, eyes wide.  “Mother said I could cut it.”

Chapter Seventeen: Wherein I learn whither is the piesmith, and Elleena too.

It was true.  My own little Ethylthorpe had not only usurped my identity, which is to say pretended to be me, but she was dressed even more like a boy than ever before.  She had on breeches and a shirt and a leather jerkin.  I grabbed her by the ear and pulled her from the room, shoving her into an alcove near the bottom of the stairs.  Edna followed me in and the three of us stood there looking at one another in silence for sixty seconds, which is to say one very long minute.
“Well, you messed up, didn’t you!” Ethyl hissed at Edna.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean you couldn’t even fool this great idiot!”
“I suppose you had mother completely fooled,” demanded Edna.
“I guess I did.  She didn’t say anything.  I asked her if I could cut my hair and dress like a boy, and she was fine with it.  She wasn’t really paying much attention.”
“Aha!” said I.  “Now we see who the truly caring parent is!”
“Shut up!” said Ethyl.  “You told me my mother was dead.”
“What I told you was true… after a fashion.”
“No, it wasn’t,” she said.  “It wasn’t true in any fashion, shape, or form.  My mother is alive, and plus, she’s the Queen of Aerithraine.”
“Where is your mother, anyway?” I questioned.
“She has gone after the frost giants,” said Ethyl.
“What do you mean, she has gone after the frost giants?”
“I mean, the frost giants went.  And she went after them.”
“Why?” asked Edna.
“Why what?” asked Ethyl.
“Why did Mother go after the frost giants?”
“When they attacked the village the other night, some of them captured the giant woman and took her north with them?”
“Not the piesmith!” I cried.
“Indeed, she was the very one.  Mother went to rescue her.”
“Now I must go and see that the piesmith returns safe, and your mother too, else I shall have to tell my poor daughters that they are motherless.”
“You’ve been telling me that for years,” quoth Ethyl.  “I will go with you.  It will be a great adventure.”
“Well, I don’t want to go,” said Edna.  “I’ve been dragged along on all her adventures and I’m just tired of it.  Ethyl, step aside and talk to me for a moment.”
The two girls huddled together in close talk.  After about two minutes, they gave each other a nod, and returned to my side.
“We will both stay here,” said Edna.
“I will make sure that Edna is safe,” said Ethyl, sticking out her chest, heroically.
“Very well,” said I.  “Your mother has a two-day head start, so it will probably be seven or eight days before I return.”
“My room is paid up for a fortnight,” said Ethyl.  “If we need more money, I can tell stories in the taproom.”
“Just remember your billing,” said I.  “You may bill yourself as the offspring of Eaglethorpe Buxton, but not as Eaglethorpe Buxton himself.”
“Very well,” said Ethyl, thoughtfully.  “I am already working on a new story: Eaglethorpe Buxton and how he was torn to pieces by frost giants and consequently left two poor, pathetic orphans to fend for themselves.”
“You make me very proud,” said I.

Chapter Eighteen: Wherein I do an excellent job of tracking Elleena, the proof being that I find her.

I left immediately, rather than waiting until first light.  This was not to Hysteria’s liking, but I had only to remind her of my now-empty purse to put her into her place, which is to say heading north through the cold night.
I traveled north, through the snowy wasteland that leads up to the great glacier Skagarack.  It was rough going.  The ground was snowy and beneath that, frozen.  The way was steep and interwoven with deep ravines and mountainous boulders.  In addition, there was no real clue as to the direction that I should travel.
I don’t mean to impugn the tracking ability of Ellwood Cyrene, which is to say, speak badly about her ability to follow things.  I have seen her track down bandits, goblins, a rogue wizard, a demon, an immature dragon, and once, a bugbear assassin.  Of course, almost all of these feats of stalking were accomplished before I had found out her great secret, which is to say that she is really Queen Elleena of Aerithraine.  So, it might well be said that she was a better tracker as a man than as a woman.  In any case, I am sure that she had something more to go on in her pursuit of the giants than I had in my pursuit of her.  Blood trails perhaps.  Alas, I had no such luck.
Fortunately, I needed no such clues.  On my second night out of Fencemar, I was set upon by three frost giants, who attacked me in my sleep.  Fortunately for them, I was sleeping soundly, and they had me securely tied about the wrists and ankles before I was fully awake.  I was tossed into a very large cloth sack, though to be sure, to the giants, it was probably more of a medium-sized cloth sack, and was uncomfortably carried away, which is to say with my head and shoulders where my feet should have been and my feet where my head and shoulders should have been.
I could tell that we were moving northward, because I could sense that we were moving uphill, and it grew increasingly colder.  The giants followed a leisurely pace, but being so long of stride, which is to say having really long legs, they covered a lot of ground very quickly.  Before long, the bag was being unflung from the giant’s shoulder and dumped out, which meant that I was flung out of the bag, and as I had been upturned in the bag, I came out feet first.  I have been tossed headfirst out of a great many places and things, and I can tell you that all in all, I prefer feet first.
Although I was happy to land on my feet literally, I didn’t land on my feet figuratively.  By that, I mean that I landed in a cage.  It was about ten feet square and about eight feet high, the only opening being a door in the top.  It was a perfect cage if one was a giant.  He could reach down into it without having to bend over.  It wasn’t a bad cage if one expected to stay in it for any length of time.  There was plenty of room to lie down and plenty of room to stand up.  It was not a very good cage if one were planning to escape, since the exit was eight feet up, had a padlock on it, and was in a room with several giants.  And it was a terrible room if one had a troubling relationship with Ellwood Cyrene, as she was locked in there too.
“Eaglethorpe,” she said.
“Elleena,” said I.
“I trust our daughter is safe,” she said.
“Both our daughters are safe,” said I.  “Edna, who has been with me, is safe, and Ethyl, who has been living with you, or perhaps it would be better to say, who has been neglected by you, is also safe.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The girls switched places several days ago.  Edna has been traveling with me, wearing cute little dresses, and having her hair put up in pigtails, while Ethyl has been traumatized by having to dress as a boy and have her hair cut.”
“My dear… Ethyl… was with me?” said Elleena, tears filling her eyes.  “And I didn’t know it?”
“Yes,” I said.  “Amazing, is it not?  And after all the times you accused me of not paying attention to what was going on around me.”
At that, she burst into a full bout of crying, hands covering her face, and shoulders slumped and shaking.
“You’ve won the argument,” said a loud voice.  “Now, don’t be a fool.  Give her a hug.”
I looked through the bars of the cage to see Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir sitting on a stool, not far away.
“She does not want me to hug her,” I said.
“Of course I do!” wailed Elleena.
“Oh!” I said and threw my still bound arms around her.
Chapter Nineteen: Wherein I contemplate pies from the other side.

“There, there,” I said, as I held Elleena.
“Careful,” she said.  “Keep your hands off my naughty bits.”
“The virgin queen, apparently, despite having two children,” said I.
“Girls don’t just want to be jumped on,” said Thurid.  “They want a little romance first.”
“That has not been my experience.  They just seem to throw themselves at me.”
“And he is pretty good at catching them when they do,” sniffed Elleena, pulling away and wiping her tears.”
“You should talk.  I have scarcely had opportunity to meet any women the past seven years,” I said.  “Women are not interested in a man with a small child.”
“That has not been my experience,” said Elleena.  “Ellwood Cyrene is a kind and loving father, and women find that appealing.”
“Do they find his lack of manly bits appealing too?”
“Who is this Ellwood Cyrene,” said Thurid.  
“What is your story?” I asked, turning to her.  “I thought that you had been banished.”
“I was.”
“I thought that you had been captured and brought back here against your will.”
“I was.”
“I see you are sitting there unbound and with an assortment of knives next to you.”
“That is correct.”
“So, can I assume that you have come to some sort of understanding with your fellow giants?” I asked.
“Yes, indeed,” she said.
“What is the meaning of all this then?”
“They banished me but found that they missed the pies that I made,” said Thurid.  “They sent out a party to bring me back so that I could be the chief piesmith of the tribe.”
“Apparently the frost giants are far more intelligent and cultured than they are given credit for,” said I.  “Can you take one of those knives and, reaching between the bars, cut these bonds, which is to say the ropes around my wrists and ankles.”
“Oh, sure.”
She picked up a butcher knife that would have made a good two-handed sword for a large man and freed my hands and feet.
“I really feel bad about this,” she said, “but they have asked me to make a special pie for tonight.”
“No need to feel bad on account of that,” said I.  “A reunion does call for a special pie, and indeed, so does a promotion to chief piesmith.  For the former, which is to say a reunion, I would recommend a cherry pie, and for the latter, which is to say a promotion, I would recommend a transparent pie, which is a pie that is transparent.”
“The kind of pie they want tonight, is a pie with the two of you baked in it.”
“That does sound delicious,” I agreed.
“If I can time things right,” said Thurid, “it might allow you to escape.”
“How so?” asked Elleena, for some reason, giving me an evil glare.
“If I can prepare some alternative form of meat beforehand, I can slip it into the pie, just as I allow you two to disappear.  It all depends on if there is some suitable substitute in the storeroom.”
“To replace Eaglethorpe,” said Elleena, “you need only a great ham.”
“Well,” said I.  “You might as well look for some fat ugly cow too.”
I don’t know what happened next.  Something hit me on the head, and I awoke some hour and a half later.
“Get up,” said Elleena.  “Thurid Njärlbjörnsdöttir has broken down two hog carcasses and has them ready to go into the pie.  She is now making the crust.”
“Be sure to keep the butter cold,” I recommended.  “It ensures a flaky crust.”
“We are on the icy slopes of The Skagarack glacier,” said Thurid.  “The butter is always cold.  Right now, I am working slowly, in hopes that the others will leave.”
I glanced back over my shoulder and observed that three other giantesses were engaged preparing food.  Soon however, two of them left.  The third stepped over to Thurid and gave her a giant hug, which is to say a hug between giants as well as a very large and expressive hug.
“I missed you so much!” cried the newcomer.  “Thank the gods that you are back.”
“This is Thalia Góðurrisisdöttir,” said Thurid.  “She is the love of my life.”
“But you two are both females,” said Elleena, her eyes wide.
“Forgive my naïve companion,” said I.  “I have visited the Island of Stratios, where such relationships between women are common.  In fact, I once had the pleasure of vacationing there for a fortnight.”
“And you two understand,” said Thurid, “because you are in love.”
“We are not in love,” said Elleena.
“We are like two ships that passed in the night,” said I.  “Then they both sank.”
“Never mind,” continued the giantess.  “We must make haste.  I will get the pie assembled and Thalia will guide you out and see that you have supplies for the journey.”
Chapter Twenty: Wherein a family is united, and a plagiarism is averted.

“Good luck to you,” said Thalia Góðurrisisdöttir, as we bid farewell.
She had snuck us out of the giants’ icy fortress, and given us our weapons, as well as a supply of bread and cheese and some warm blankets.
“Good luck to you,” I said.  “You and Thurid take care of one another.”
“We shall try,” the giantess said unhappily.  “I don’t know what’s to become of us.  Our love is forbidden among giant-kind.”
“Well, if you ever manage to leave together, come to Dewberry in Aerithraine and you will always be welcome.”
With a wave goodbye, Elleena and I started south.  Despite the rough terrain, we made good time.  Even though it was cold and windy and freezing and unpleasant, it was at least downhill.
That night, we took shelter in a small ice cave.  Not wanting to give away our location by lighting a fire, and not having any wood to burn even if we did, we huddled together for warmth.  Suddenly Elleena opened her mouth and slapped herself on the forehead.
“What?” I wondered.
“All this time, I have struggled to keep the throne.  I have never married because a man would have usurped my crown.  All this time, I could have just married a woman.”
“Well, you are still young, and Ellwood Cyrene is quite a handsome man.”
“I thought you said I was a fat, ugly cow.”
“I was angry at the time,” I confessed.  “I think that as Ellwood Cyrene, despite my having no interest in men or their bodies, you are very handsome.  As Elleena, despite your noticeably small breasts and somewhat mannish affectations, which is to say some of the things you do are not generally considered ladylike, you are still the most beautiful woman in the world.”
“Thank you,” said Elleena sincerely, which is to say, full of sincere.  “In these past seven years, have you ever found someone to love?”
“In my entire life, I have had only one great, true love,” said I.  “The Queen of Aerithriane, with whom I once had the pleasure of spending four or five years.  What about you?  Are you going to find a woman now to marry?  You could marry Miriam, your royal body double.  That would be… um, interesting.”
“I am in love with a great idiot,” she said.
“Who is he?” I demanded.  “She?  He?  Them?”
“It is you, you great moron,” she said, and then she jumped on me like a Virian leopard leaps upon a hippoleptimus, which is to say like a Virian leopard leaps upon anything, because leaping is chiefly what the Virian leopard is known for.  That and spots.
The next day, we left the great glacier known as The Skagarack.  I had a spring in my step and Elleena had sort of a limp in hers, but we were both happy.  About noon, we came over a small rise to find my noble warhorse, Hysteria, attempting to nibble on some frozen twigs.  
“I am so happy to see you, Eaglethorpe!” her eyes seemed to say, notwithstanding the fact that normally it is the mouth and not the eyes which does all the talking.
After feeding her some oats from her own saddlebag, we continued on south, and Hysteria was not at all unhappy to bear both of us upon her back, which is to say, let us ride her.  We reached Fencemar late into the night, and after seeing that Hysteria was well taken care of, which is to say checking her feet and brushing her down and seeing her fed and watered, we went to the tavern.  There, in a crowded room, we found a fellow dressed as an adventurer, speaking before a crowd consisting of a few townsfolk, some travelers, and half a dozen fat dwarves.
“And now, I shall tell you how I, Eaglethorpe Buxton, saved Celestria and defeated the zombie horde with only this fork!”
“Lying welp!” I shouted rushing forward.  “This time, Ethylthorpe, you have gone too far!  I did warn you about your billing!”
“I am not Ethylthorpe,” said the brat in question.  “I am your own dear Ednathorpe.”
“No, you are not.”
“Are you sure?” said someone next to me, and up jumped an identical copy of the false Eaglethorpe Buxton, which is to say, one or the other of my offspring.
“You cut your beautiful hair too?”
“I think it looks fine,” said Elleena.
“You stay out of this!  One could very well say that this is all your fault.”
“One could very well say that, if one wanted to spend the rest of his life acting out the last few nights by himself.”
“What?” said the two Ethyls, which is to say the two Ednas.
“Never mind,” said I.
“We have decided that we don’t want to be split up anymore,” said one of the two rapscallions.  “We will go with one or the other of you, and we will spend half our time adventuring and half our time in a castle having tea parties.”
“They are trying to trap us,” said Elleena, “in some kind of parent trap.”
“It is more like a parent obfuscation,” said I, “which is to say, a parent smokescreen.”
“I like parent trap,” said one twin.
“It has more of a ring to it,” said the other.
“Shut up, you two,” I demanded.  “Are you trying to get us sued?”
I looked at Elleena and she looked at me.  Her eyes were filled with love, but also fear.  Some of either love or fear was leaking out and running down her cheeks.
“Elleena,” I said.  “I love your more than life itself, maybe my life, but certainly other lives.  If you will marry me and make our family whole, I will renounce all claim on the throne.”
“Oh, Eaglethorpe,” she said.  “I was just about to say that I would let you be king if you would only say that we could stay together as a family.  But thank you for renouncing the throne.”
“But if you don’t mind…”
“No, too late.”
“But I…”
“You have renounced it,” said she.  “That is irrevocable, immutable, irretrievable, and not-take-back-able.”
“Okay,” I sighed. “But how will this work?”
“Easily enough,” she said.  “Up until now, I have split my time between being Queen Elleena of Aerithraine and manly adventurer Ellwood Cyrene.  Now, I will simply add a third persona—Lady Dewberry, your devoted wife.”
“This is wonderful,” said one of the girls, the one who had been speaking when we arrived.  “I will divide my time between being Lady Ednathorpe of Dewberry and Princess Ednathorpe of Aerithraine.”
“And I,” said the other twin.  “Will divide my time between being Lady Ethylthorpe of Dewberry and roguish young adventurer Ellwood Cyrene Jr.”
“You will not!” I shouted.  “You will be roguish young adventurer Eaglethorpe Buxton Jr., and we will call you J.R. for short.”
The four of us came together in a great hug.  The room broke out in applause.
“This is the finest play I’ve seen in two hundred years!” shouted one of the dwarves.  “What is it called?”
“Love Conquers All,” said Elleena.
“Frosty family in a frosty land,” said Edna.
“Eaglethorpe Buxton Jr. and the family that ought not to be divided but somehow was,” suggested Ethyl.
“No,” said I.  “None of those are the name.  It’s Eaglethorpe Buxton and… Something about frost giants.

The End
About the Author



Wesley Allison is the author of more than thirty science fiction and fantasy books, including the popular His Robot Girlfriend.  He has a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and a Master of Science degree from Nova Southeastern University in Florida.  He has taught English and American History for the past 26 years in Southern Nevada where he lives with his lovely wife Victoria, his two grown children Rebecca and John.   

For more information about the author and upcoming books:
Visit the City of Amathar Blog at http://wesleyallison.com.

If you would like to become a patron and supporter of this author and his works,
and receive insider information and free ebooks:
Visit the Patreon Page at http://www.patreon.com/wesleyallison
 Books by Wesley Allison

Look for them wherever fine ebooks are sold.  Paper editions are available at the City of Amathar Blog and by special order from your favorite bookseller.

Princess of Amathar
Transported to the artificial world of Ecos, Earthman Alexander Ashton struggles to understand the society of his new friends the Amatharians.  As he does so, he finds himself falling in love with their princess and being thrust into a millennium-long war with their mortal foes the reptilian Zoasians.  Princess of Amathar is a sword-swinging novel of high adventure. 

His Robot Girlfriend
Mike Smith's life was crap, living all alone, years after his wife had died and his children had grown up and moved away.  Then he saw the commercial for the Daffodil. Far more than other robots, the Daffodil could become anything and everything he wanted it to be. Mike's life is about to change.

His Robot Wife
In His Robot Wife, the novella-length sequel to His Robot Girlfriend, it is the year 2037 and Mike has been married to his robot wife, Patience, for five years.  Troubles are on the horizon though.  Prop 22 promises to annul marriages between humans and robots. And Patience hasn’t quite been herself.  Is there something wrong, or does she just need a software upgrade?

His Robot Wife: Patience is a Virtue
It is the year 2037, when men are men and robots are cute.  Patience, the robot wife, has a new friend– Wanda.  Wanda, another Daffodil, has been having difficulty bonding with her human, the recently divorced Ryan.  She hopes that with Patience’s mentoring, she’ll be able to help Ryan accept her into his troubled life.  But even Patience isn’t prepared for what happens when they take a joint vacation cruise to Antarctica.  His Robot Wife: Patience is a Virtue is a science fiction story in a world where technology is more than just a pretty face.

His Robot Girlfriend: Charity
Robotics engineer Dakota Hawk has problems. His life is falling apart. And even he doesn’t know why he bought a used, and seemingly non-functional, Daffodil Nonne. When your life turns to crap, which should you worry about more– your past or your future? How easy is it really to remake yourself and start over? And will having your own robot girlfriend help or make things even more difficult?

His Robot Wife: A Great Deal of Patience
Mike Smith and his robot wife Patience have overcome a great many obstacles in their life together.  No obstacle is quite as great as a world war.  As the United States, China, Europe and India mobilize against the shadowy Anarchists, who have carved vast swaths across Africa, the Middle East, and Russia, Mike and Patience deal with the fallout at home, and the public’s changing perceptions of robots.  Meanwhile, Mike’s son Lucas finds himself in the heart of the conflict as he takes command of robot soldiers leading America’s war effort.  A Great Deal of Patience is the first book of a new trilogy that ties together the previous books: His Robot Girlfriend, His Robot Wife, His Robot Wife: Patience is a Virtue, and His Robot Girlfriend: Charity. 

His Robot Wife: Patience Under Fire
Patience Under Fire is the second book of the trilogy that began with A Great Deal of Patience.  Lucas Smith must lead his robot soldiers through the radiation-strewn battlefields of eastern Russia, as his wife makes her way to America, and the rest of his family, including Mike and Patience must try to carry on their lives in an America that is changing as a result of the worldwide conflict.

Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Elven Princess
Eaglethorpe Buxton, famed adventurer and storyteller, friend to those in need of a friend and guardian to those in need of a guardian.  He is a liar and braggart, not to be trusted, especially around pies.  Who are we to believe?  Buxton himself leads us through his world as he comes to the aid of… a poor orphan?  An elven princess?  Who can guess with Eaglethorpe himself telling the tale?

Eaglethorpe Buxton and the Sorceress
Eaglethorpe Buxton, famed adventurer and storyteller is back, this time to put on a play about a sorceress.  When the sorceress, subject of his play arrives with fire in her eyes, Eaglethorpe must pretend to be his good friend Ellwood.  Will he pull off this charade and survive?  And what happens when the real Ellwood shows up?  One can never tell, especially when Eaglethorpe tells the story.

The Many Adventures of Eaglethorpe Buxton
Eaglethorpe Buxton, famed adventurer and storyteller, friend to those in need of a friend and guardian to those in need of a guardian. He is a liar and braggart, not to be trusted, especially around pies. Who are we to believe? Buxton himself leads us through his world in The Many Adventures of Eaglethorpe Buxton, which include the two previously published tales and three all new adventures.

Eaglethorpe Buxton and… Something about Frost Giants
Has Eaglethorpe’s daughter been replaced by a vile doppelganger?  Wait... Eaglethorpe has a daughter?  Who is her mother?  And why is he on the outs with his best friend Ellwood Cyrene?  And I assume there are frost giants somewhere in this book.  It’s another improbable tale from the wandering storyteller and scoundrel Eaglethorpe Buxton.

Brechalon (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 0)
Brechalon is the novella-length prequel to The Voyage of the Minotaur and the books that follow in the story of The Sorceress and the Dragon.  Meet the people who will change a world-- the Dechantagnes, wealthy siblings from a disgraced aristocratic family who plot their revenge; the imprisoned sorceress Zurfina; and Senta, the orphan girl who will one day rise to great fame and power.

The Voyage of the Minotaur (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 1)
In a world of steam power and rifles, where magic has not yet been forgotten, an expedition sets out to establish a colony in a lost world.  The Voyage of the Minotaur is a story of adventure and magic, religion and prejudice, steam engines and dinosaurs, angels and lizardmen, machine guns and wizards, sorceresses, bustles and corsets, steam-powered computers, hot air balloons, and dragons.

The Dark and Forbidding Land (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 2)
Two years have passed since Senta, the sorceress Zurfina, and Bessemer the steel dragon arrived in the strange land of Birmisia.  Now it is up to the settlers to build a home in this dark and forbidding land, ruled by terrifying dinosaurs and strange lizardmen.  Ten-year-old Senta must discover which is the greater threat, a would-be wizard or the ever-increasing presence of the tyrannosaurus.

The Drache Girl (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 3)
More than three years have passed since the colonists arrived in Birmisia, and Port Dechantagne is a thriving colony, with the railway line almost complete.  Twelve-year-old sorceress's apprentice Senta Bly, Police Constable Saba Colbshallow, and former maid Yuah Dechantagne must deal with wizards, prejudice, steam carriages, boys riding dinosaurs, and the mysterious activities of the lizardmen.

The Young Sorceress (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 4)
Everyone in Port Dechantagne seems to have an agenda of their own, from mysterious sorceress Zurfina, to agents from the enemy nation of Freedonia, to the kings and witchdoctors of the mysterious lizardmen.  On the eve of her fifteenth birthday, sorceress’s apprentice Senta finds herself being pulled first one way and then the other.  Will she actually have to split herself into four in order to deal with all her responsibilities?

The Two Dragons (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 5)
War has come the Birmisia.  The newly settled colonists contemplate war on two fronts.  The mysterious lizardmen from far away Tsahloose, led by their monstrous dragon god, threaten from the south.  And from across the sea, the totalitarian kingdom of Freedonia threatens to invade their world with wizards and steam-powered war machines.  Can even 17-year-old Senta and her mistress Zurfina the Magnificent stop them? 

The Sorceress and her Lovers (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 6)
It’s been three years since the war and the world has changed. Port Dechantagne, once a distant outpost of civilization, has grown to be a large city, the center of prosperous Birmisia Colony. Steam-powered carriages share the streets with triceratops-pulled trolleys; fine ladies in their most fashionable bustle dresses lead their lizardmen servants through the shopping districts, and an endless stream of immigrants pours into the region.
Eleven-year-old Iolana Staff, daughter of the colonial governor, has important things on her mind, namely the mysterious Result Mechanism.  Meanwhile, sorceress Senta Bly returns from the continent with a new male companion, an illegitimate daughter, and a long lost brother. Hated and feared for her magic, she must face wizards, assassins, and an old enemy from another reality.

The Price of Magic (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 7)
New powers are rising in Birmisia.  Far to the south, the strange lizardmen of Xiatooq are making themselves known.  Closer to home, the new lizzie city Yessonarah finds itself rich in gold—gold the humans covet.  As tensions rise, many in Port Dechantagne seem eager to teach the lizzies a lesson in humility.  Fourteen-year-old Iolana Staff finds herself in the center of it all, as she is pulled between her conscience and the conventions of society.  Unconcerned with the conflict between human and lizzie, sorceress Senta Bly prepares for her own war, unaware that events will pull her into a life and death confrontation with an old enemy.

A Plague of Wizards (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 8) 
Senta Bly, the most powerful sorceress in the world has disappeared and no one knows where or why.  What happens to Port Dechantagne and Birmisia without her protection for four years?  Wizards with all sorts of their own agendas descend on the colony, and the citizens must cope the best they can. Nineteen-year-old Iolana Staff lives the life of a famous author, far away in the capital city, but how does her friend Esther, the only Birmisian lizzie on the continent deal with human society?  Meanwhile Iolana’s cousin Terra has made the journey to the lizzie city of Yessonarah, to learn what living in the palace of a reptilian king is really like.

The Dragon’s Choice (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 9)
The dragons seemingly have returned to the world and are once again in vying for power. Bessemer the steel dragon is worshipped by the reptilian lizzies, while the evil Voindrazius tries to put together a pantheon that he will control. Zoantheria, the coral dragon, feels pulled in all directions. Wanted both by Bessemer and Voindrazius, she is called to a world she has never known, her mistress, the sorceress Senta Bly encouraging her to take up the mantle of goddess. Her heart, however, is pulling her in a different direction, toward the young viscount Augustus Dechantagne. Which will prove stronger-- love or destiny? Both Senta and Augie have their own problems, hers with teaching her wayward eponymous daughter the ways of magic, and him dealing with the yoke of leadership and a headstrong mother. Meanwhile, far across the ocean, the Dechantagne girls are taking Brech City by storm. Will one of them land a prince?

For King and Country (The Sorceress and the Dragon Book 10)
In the final installment of The Sorceress and the Dragon saga (Senta and the Steel Dragon), Birmisia Colony is threatened by a new pantheon of dragon gods.  As life continues under the threat of destruction, the citizens look forward to a visit by the King's youngest son and his new wife, the former Terra Dechantagne.  Cousin Iolana is also ending her self-imposed exile for the promise of a position in the new university.  Meanwhile Police Chief Saba Colbshallow sees his career and family threatened by a murder investigation against him.  Finally, as sorceress Senta Bly waits to face off against Voindrazius the dragon god, other forces plot her death.

Tesla’s Stepdaughters
In a world where men are almost extinct, someone is trying to kill history's greatest rock & roll band.  Science Police Agent John Andrews must negotiate a complicated relationship with Ep!phanee, the band's lead singer; drummer Ruth De Molay, bassist Steffie Sin, and the redheaded clone lead guitarist Penny Dreadful, as he protects them and tries to discover who wants to kill the Ladybugs.

Women of Power
The life of a superhero is tough.  All American Girl fights super villains, alien invaders, and terrorists as she tries to get product endorsements and a magazine deal.  That's nothing compared to her private life though.  She's only just broken up with her super boyfriend Perihelion when he's scooped up by Omega Woman, and now rival Skygirl has moved into her territory.

Blood Trade
Vegas is going to hell-- really.  Werewolves run through the streets and the vampires are taking over. Former army ranger/Goth tattoo model/private eye Xochitl McKenna doesn't like it either, especially when it comes between her and her clients.  But are the vampires and werewolves the greatest threat, or is it something or someone much closer to her?  Warning: Adult Content.

Kanana: The Jungle Girl
In a world substantially different from our own world in 1913, former Rough Rider and adventurer Henry Goode crosses the vast ocean to explore the unknown continent of Elizagaea.  Spurred on into the wilderness by emotional trauma, he finds vicious creatures from a bygone era, savage natives, long lost civilizations, and a mysterious jungle goddess.

Nova Dancer
Captain Rann Starr and his small crew fly through the galaxy in their starship Nova Dancer, carrying freight and the occasional passenger from planet to planet.  When one of the Dancer’s crew goes missing, Starr has a big decision to make.

Astrid Maxxim and her Amazing Hoverbike
From the 180,000-acre campus of Maxxim Industries, fourteen-year-old girl genius and inventor Astrid Maxxim works alongside her father, Dr. Roger Maxxim, on projects to make the world a better place. Her latest invention is a flying scooter—the hoverbike. Is it the target of an international spy ring, or are they after secret Project RG-7, or Astrid herself? 

Astrid Maxxim and her Undersea Dome
Girl inventor Astrid Maxxim and her friends are back.  This time Astrid is building an observation dome beneath the sea.  Will she complete her amazing construction project, or will she be sidetracked by underwater monsters, the evil organization known as the Black Hand, or her snotty cousin Gloria?

Astrid Maxxim and the Antarctic Expedition
Teen inventor Astrid Maxxim is back in her third adventure as she makes a journey to the bottom of the planet to uncover the secrets of a mysterious lost expedition. Meanwhile, troubles plague her friends and family as a hostile takeover threatens Maxxim Industries. Join Astrid and her friends as she faces the frozen dangers of the Antarctic, wild animals, mad bombers, and corporate high finance.

Astrid Maxxim and her Hypersonic Space Plane
Everyone’s favorite girl inventor is back.  The Maxxim space program is in full swing, ferrying supplies to the International Space Station, as Astrid perfects her ground-launched rocket plane.  To finish it, she must first deal with Maxxim’s new automotive division, a terrifying vision of the future, and an English class essay, and her cousin Gloria coming for Thanksgiving.

Astrid Maxxim and the Electric Racecar Challenge
Astrid Maxxim, brilliant teenage inventor returns.  Astrid is looking forward to racing against a professional driving team to prove her electric racecar can take on the gas-guzzlers.  Then without warning, she wakes up in the hospital with partial amnesia.  What could have happened to her?  Now everyone treats her like she’s brain-damaged!  What if her IQ really did drop to 184?  What a nightmare!

Astrid Maxxim and the Mystery of Dolphin Island
Genius girl inventor Astrid Maxxim is back! Called to the aid of her friend Océane Feuillée, Astrid leaves her friends and family to journey to an uncharted tropical paradise. Here she must use every ounce of her ingenuity to solve the mystery of Dolphin Island.

Astrid Maxxim and her High-Rise Air Purifier
The world’s climate is in crisis and Astrid Maxxim is determined to help by building a device to remove carbon from the atmosphere.  A journey to the Beijing Auto Show might provide her with a way to get her invention into production faster, but sinister forces are out to get her.  What’s a girl genius to do?

Desperate Poems
Desperate Poems is a collection of seventy poems (some more desperate than others), written over a period of forty years about life, love, desire, being young, and growing old.
