
									
                                              The Funniest Stories Never Told
                                                    A book of Short Parodies
                                             Copyright 2020 T.R. Saunders JR
                                    Published by T.R. Saunders JR at Smashwords


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter One

Aphrodite sat in the back of the dark derby brown classroom. She listened as the prepubescent teenager she had aptly named buzz saw snored into his armpits. There was never a doubt as to why she nicknamed him buzz saw. Aphrodite stared at the young man as his snoring created the sound of saw blades cutting into wood. The sound echoed vibrantly across the classroom. Aphrodite turned her attention to the boy on the other side of the room. Aphrodite listened acutely as another teen she named the little drummer boy began tapping his pencil in a slow rhythmic cadence. Tap tap, tap tap . Normally his pencil laden drum set didn’t bother her but today she was in a sour mood. She had just finished a full year of universal planetary objects. Zeus had been her teacher. Her final exam had taken her a full year to complete. She named the entire three point two million stars. Now Aphrodite was exhausted. 

     Meanwhile the Nelley eyed buzz saw was rhythmically cutting z’s during her favorite teacher’s science class. The little drummer boy in an attempt to grab her attention covertly fondled himself under the cover of the aged grey classroom desk that had sat in the same corner of the classroom for over a decade. Even to a goddess like Aphrodite his multitasking seemed impossible considering that the juvenile delinquent seemed to be riddled with add, hyper mania and a touch of autism. His many maladies however didn’t stop the prepubescent teen from flirting with Aphrodite all the while tapping his pencil to the Christmas jubilee little drummer boy. It was clear after six months in the same classroom that the child was at best a one hit wonder. He could play with himself or play the little drummer boy but he couldn’t do both well simultaneously. 

      Aphrodite shot him a look. If he doesn’t quit tapping that @#$%% pencil I’m going to....... her thought trailed off as she remembered what happened to her mother, Andromeda. Aphrodite was tempted to take the pencil out of his hand and stick it up his *#**$(#)#) but that was how her mother had been banished from earth. It had been a painful banishment for Zeus. Boy had Zeus the king of the gods, the giver of all life paid dearly for banishing Andromeda. For several planetary cycles, Andromeda had denied Zeus the pleasures of the body. You might remember Mount Vesuvius and the great flood. That’s what happened after Zeus banished Aphrodite from Earth.

The test that kept Aphrodite at her desk for over a year hadn’t been that hard. After all she was a goddess and not just any goddess. She was the daughter of the Zeus. It was the continuous regeneration of new planets, black holes and stars that frustrated her.

If you missed a star, a planet or a solar system you were forced to retake the entire test. Thor spent ten years retaking the test which in god years isn’t much but watching Zeus’s prodigal son receive no preferential treatment left the other young gods with enough fear to take Zeus tests seriously.
Aphrodite had grown bored in the celestial heaven.  In order to quench her thirst for excitement she frequently traveled to earth. It was so unlike her godlike existence. Earth unlike the heavens was a natural changing habitat. The planet had humongous rocks and opulent lawns. Sitting in a patch of lush green grass picking daisies made the hairs on the back of her goddess neck stand up. A feeling she never had in the celestial heavens.
A millennium had passed since the gods had fought the Titans and Aphrodite could still barely look at either Thor or Ragnar. The entire war began because of a battle over beer. Who brewed the best liquor Spartan Ale or Heavenly Rum. It was common knowledge in the heavens that Spartan Ale was called underworld ale and Heavenly rum was commonly called the urine of the gods. It was less a test of who brewed the best ale but rather a test of who didn’t brew the worst ale.
Brothers tend to fight over the stupidest things, Aphrodite thought to herself. The fight lasted a full twelve days. Twelve days of blistering thunder while the heavens shook. Meanwhile lightning and fire catapulted thru the sky. It was Not until Thor blew his top and fired his hammer at Loki that the battle ended. The hammer of course missed Loki since the hammer could not do any harm to Zeus’s family. It instead flew past the celestial zone into the planet earth. The result of the collision with the earth’s core was that the earths atmospheric temperature increased by several thousand degrees. At that time, a small tribe of men inhabited the planet earth. Within the span of a few years, the earths vegetation and living beings grew at an astronomical rate. Over the next millennium everything on the planet earth increased in size. Elephants became wooly mammoths. Birds transformed into pterodactyls and hippos were fat feral beasts before the hammer made contact with earth and remained fat feral beasts afterward. Most importantly for the gods the tiny tribe of Lilliputians grew to become the giant Titans.
Aphrodite knew that the fairest woman on the planet earth was Helena daughter of Troy. She’d even momentarily caught the attention of Zeus’s sons. But like most boys their attention was easily swayed by simple things. Like a shiny object. Which was what Helena of Troy was. Aphrodite snickered. However, after Medusa the women of earth knew better than to entice the gods. 

Medusa had been quite mesmerizing in her youth. A striking girl who had been admired by man and gods alike. Medusa caught the eye of Poseidon at a swim meet on lake Obachokie. Her ability to move thru water was captivating. Poseidon was gifted with perpetual sight into the oceans and lakes and rivers on earth. After all he was god of the seas. Watching Medusa reminded him of his first true love. He found that being near Medusa caused him to lose some of his more sublime godlike abilities. The more he watched Medusa the more he knew he had to have her. And eventually he did. 

Everyone knew not to piss off Athena. Athena hadn’t always been the goddess of war. She had originally come out of the god womb as the goddess of nature. But by middle school she was regularly beating the sh£{¥]$)& out of Thor. Sure, he was three years younger. But watching Athena beat the +**$&&55/ out of the anointed god of war caused quite a stir among the young gods. Loki tried to intervene a few times. It was always quite a site watching Loki and Thor knock heads like a pair of brass symbols. Athena typically held one boy in each hand as she played to the crowd and proceeded to play percussion with the two brothers heads. With Athena’s constitution it was no surprise when she turned Medusa into the head of the snake. She’d methodically ripped out Medusas beauty and replaced it with a face so horrendous that no man could look at her without turning to stone. But Aphrodite found that if she stared at Medusa for long periods of time the snakes on her head were actually quite captivating. 

After the Medusa incident, Aphrodite decided she had to date Poseidon. As children Athena had been her best friend and biggest rival. By junior high the two fought endlessly over the affections of Thor. As she looked up from her desk, the little drummer boy had inserted the two pencils in his nose and had slowly begun to unzip “oh my god” Aphrodite shouted loud enough to create a small earthquake along the northern hemisphere. Aphrodite the goddess of love had the pick of the litter as far as the young viral gods went. The fight that brought the Titans to the celestial heavens had been a battle for Aphrodite’s hand. But she refused to give herself to either son.  She used the hammer throw as an excuse not to celestial cinema with either of them, but the truth was that she really enjoyed the attention. Like humans’ gods were quite vain. The truth was more so than humans. The truth was that they were more so than humans. Every male deity in the Celestial Kingdom had attempted to win her hand in marriage. 

Aphrodite looked across the suburban plated dingy white classroom. Buzz saw had just woken up and was rolling his tongue and winking at Aphrodite.  

Aphrodite eventually dated Poseidon. But riding blue back whales and making passionate love on coral reefs could only hold a girls’ attention for so long even if doing so had jilted her archrival the goddess Athena. The first thousand years dating Poseidon were quite pleasant but gradually Aphrodite began to long for dry land. Sure, at first the water sports were exciting. But Aphrodite was forced to do all land activities by herself. Poseidon refused to take her to get a hamburger. Date nights always included seafood. She was growing tired of shrimp and crab legs. Plus, he refused to walk on dry land. He gave her some lame excuse about not being able to breath air. On top of that, Poseidon claimed he was vegan. Yet he still ate seafood. Finally, at the encouragement of her friends, she dumped him. 
Aphrodite dated Apollo for a while. He was the fastest god alive. But that was a much bigger deal in middle school. By high school being able to run fast wasn’t as important. So, Aphrodite like most young women her age found a more exciting alternative. 
Her current boyfriend was a real bad boy. Her life was thrilling. He had  all the qualities she looked for in a boyfriend. The problem for Aphrodite was that Hades was hated by everyone but Zeus. But boy could he show a girl a good time. The hell hounds were spectacular. Satan and Lucifer loved to show their teeth, but they were really just puppies underneath their tough exterior. Both hell hounds had been gifted with razor sharp teeth and scorching red eyes. Aphrodite loved playing in the underworld. All the lost souls searching for their former selves gave her a thrill she hadn’t felt in a millennium. It was a grand time.  
Andromeda kept warning Aphrodite. He’ll be a lot of fun now but eventually you’ll want someone more substantive. He’s not in it for the long haul. But at her age, 10004, she really didn’t care. Her mother kept telling her to date someone like Loki. Poor Loki, Aphrodite thought. Her mother’s recommendation was the kiss of death for Aphrodite’s potential suitors. She was the goddess of love not the goddess of mammas boys. 
The underworld was so beguiling. She had the opportunity to fantasize. Every day Aphrodite pretended to be a parent, a child or a jilted ex-lover. Other times, she’d stand in front of a forgotten soul with a bottle of water that was non-existent. Aphrodite had one major problem with Hades. Hades emitted a putrid odor when he left the underworld to come to earth. Aphrodite always knew when he was arriving. The odor preceded him. Aphrodite shut her eyes and grimaced. She could smell the pits of hell making its way to earth. Hades was arriving. The scent was unmistakable. The gates of the underworld were opening. She hated to say it, but the smell was far worse than the odors she’d become accustomed to. Hades usually covered himself in her favorite lilac before he entered either the earth’s hemisphere or the celestial heavens. The smell was so overwhelming that Aphrodite thought she might pass out.  Aph opened her eyes in anticipation. She hoped to find her lover Hades standing next to her. Instead the little drummer boy stood in front of her waving a piece of paper in front of his Gluteus Maximus while he lip synced the song Say You Say Me. 
Zeus stood in front of his second son Loki. He watched as Loki sat in a meditative trance. For the past 1000 years he’d been consumed with the spiritual orbit. Before that he’d spent 5000 years attempting to recreate life on Aristance. And before that he’d attempted to build an orbital space center in the back of the family’s cloud. Zeus grimaced. The kid couldn’t keep his mind on one task long enough to see it to completion. When he wasn’t building irrelevant life objects, Loki spent all his free time playing celestial games. His favorite game was altering the earth’s atmosphere. Loki liked to reconfigure the shape of the universe. Turn a solar system’s sun into a black hole. Zeus had to admit his sons work was been pretty damn cool. The things kids learned to do nowadays Zeus thought (OMG) was that the acronym kids were using now. But this type of behavior was unbecoming of a god. Especially the son of the king of the gods. He knew he had to take the blame for his sons lack of focus. First and foremost, Loki’s disturbing behavior started with his name.  Zeus made the mistake of letting his wife name their son. The name Loki sounded like a combination of evil dwarf and effeminate troll. On top of that, Loki wasn’t getting enough rem sleep and thus began to disturb the seven kingdoms. As a result, no one in Zeus’s family slept well. He knew he shouldn’t have skimped on cloud insulation when he built their kingdom. But he wanted to set an example for the rest of the gods. Zeus blamed himself for coddling Loki. First, he kept him out of the battle with the Titans. During Loki’s hiatus he became obsessed with an Egyptian woman. Zeus knew he obsessed over the Egyptian dark-skinned beauty just to piss him off. Zeus banned Loki from earth. He had hoped to separate the two starstruck lovers. That just ended up making Loki crave Cleopatra more. Zeus could just imagine the hardships required of his son when taking care of a half breed human god child. Zeus had his dalliances when he was young.  Young Hercules was a good kid. But Loki didn’t understand the toll rearing a human child took. The constant whining and crying. The need for companionship. And then there was earth women. The constant complaining. Why doesn’t Hercules have a hammer like Thor. Why is Thor the sole heir to the seven kingdoms. He tried to warn Loki. But his warnings were met with consternation. Finally, during an argument with his youngest son, Zeus lost his temper and threatened to destroy Egypt if he didn’t quit seeing Cleopatra. But like most young lovestruck men he led with his phalanx. So, when the romans attacked Egypt, Zeus gave each Roman the strength of ten men.  When first Caesar and then Mark Anthony took Cleopatra as their wife, Loki became obsessed with the Egyptian princess. Zeus responded not as a god but as a parent. He did what any father would do in a situation such as this. He gave Loki his blessing. That was all it took. Loki lost interest in the Queen of Egypt.
Andromeda stared at her daughter. She’d done everything she could to have her child avoid making the same mistakes she made. Andromeda stared at hades who smiled at her with his three yellow crooked teeth. The underworld was rough on the teeth. 
She understood Athena. Andromeda hadn’t always felt that spark with Zeus that she now felt. Her first love had been Odin. An older man with frosty slicked backed hair who had taught her how to love. During their first meeting Odin wore a fire striped leather jacket and rode in on a three headed fire breathing horse. It had been the most amazing sight that Andromeda had ever seen. There was immediately chemistry. Zeus in contrast had been a scrawny skinny little kid from the middle tier of the celestial heavens with a big mouth and a penchant for getting his but kicked. But gradually Andromeda began to fall for his larger than heaven godlike confidence.  As a youth, Zeus greatest rival would pick on him endlessly on the play cloud. Yet Zeus would fight like a god and lose like a man.  Until suddenly one day he didn’t. She understood firsthand Aphrodite’s attraction to a dangerous god-like aura, but my god Andromeda thought Hades. Not only did Hades smell like the pits of humanity but he had almost no teeth. He treated Aphrodite like one of his sprites. Andromeda knew that Aphrodite was taken by his rebelliousness and intrinsic rivalry with her father Zeus. She understood that she would eventually grow out of it but right now this was a clear attempt to disobey Andromeda’s authority. The thought of Hades and her daughter Aphrodite riding in on the hellhounds made Andromedas skin crawl. But despite Andromedas urging, Zeus refused to step in. He hadn’t tasted Andromedas heavenly fruit since Aphrodite began dating Hades. Andromeda saw the frustration brewing in Zeus. But she had to make a stand for the good of their only daughter. Andromeda was prepared to take matters into her own hands if necessary and unleash the crackhead. The crackhead was a banished god with an unpredictable aura. The fury of hell followed him into heaven’s gate. As much as Andromeda hated to do it, she needed to let her daughter know that she couldn’t disobey her family’s wishes even if she was the daughter of Zeus. The king of gods and man. Aphrodite’s time in the underworld changed her hair from a light hayfield blonde to a hellfire red. Adding to Andromeda’s paranoia was her constant need to check under Aphrodite’s cloud bed looking for underworld paraphernalia. She found herself looking for anything ungodly like god sheaths and god vape. Aphrodite had become quite a handful. Rebellious, spiteful were just a few of the adjectives Andromeda used to describe her daughter. She was no longer listening to Andromeda or doing her godly tasks. 
Hades stared into the pits of the underworld. The flames and blistering heat encompassed Hades and his underworld existence. For the God of the Underworld, it was just another day in paradise. Since his romance with Aph had started Hades had started living the God life. He had Aphrodite the daughter of the God of Gods wrapped around his devilish finger. He couldn’t help but take in her aroma. Even in the midst of death Hades could smell Aphrodite’s god scent. It washed out the harsh putrid smell of lost souls that permeated throughout the underworld. Hades could tell that Aph, his playful nickname for Aphrodite, loved Hades underworld. Hades knew his biggest draw was the lost souls. The souls were people who had lived such a horrible life that their tormented souls turned dark. Mixed in with the black souls were the rest of the underworld inhabitants, Zeus enemies. Hades endowed the underworld inhabitants with thirst and hunger. The fires throughout his kingdom burned leaving the smell of rotting flesh and perpetual fear. Not even the celestial princess could alter the fiery pit with her majestic aura and beauty. She had come to love the hellhounds. The animals were fire breathing beasts that ruled the underworld beside Hades but to mere mortals they were the embodiment of death. To Aphrodite the three headed beasts were adorable puppies. 
Hades favorite celestial activity was traveling to the celestial heaven. Andromeda had shown her deep dislike of Hades. Zeus however kept his distaste for Hades to himself. He was less direct, but he couldn’t hide his distaste for Hades either. Hades smiled as he listened to thunder and lightning erupt throughout the heavens. Zeus’s anger typically lasted at least a month and coincided with Hades visits to the celestial heavens.  
Hades always knew when it was time to feed the hellhounds. He could feel the heavens rumble and the underworld quaking. The hellhounds could be unruly when they weren’t fed on time. Hades grabbed a couple of lost souls and threw them into the fiery pit. The blood curtailing screams made Hades chuckle. His world had gotten significantly better since he started dating Aph. The other gods no longer held their noses when he walked by. The goddesses quit making strange faces.  Most importantly Hades found that he was now welcome in the celestial club. A swank upscale cloud club that catered to top tier gods. Before Aphrodite the gods avoided Hades. The gestures were of course subtle.  A god gala invite that arrived late. A quick turn in the other direction when Hades walked in their direction. Complete silence when Hades walked into a room and snickering when he left. Now all that had changed. Aph’s club pass got Hades into some of the swankiest exclusive heavenly diners and spas in the celestials. Sure, occasionally a sprite would give him a funny look. Or hold her nose when hades walked into the room. But now most gods treated him like well Royalty. 
Hades had his own crew as did Aphrodite. His buddies were the demons of the underworld. He might have chosen other friends had he been given the option. The good thing about the demons was that they basically kissed his ass. They were forever fighting to be his right-hand demon. The gods however never viewed him as their equal, but they were afraid of him. They knew the underworld held not only the worst humans. It also held gods that had been cast out from the celestial world. The Titan and his allies were trapped in a perpetual pit of fire. Now there was a quite acceptance as to hades new position in their society.  They neither welcomed nor rejected hades. They accepted him. Although most of the gods hoped it wouldn’t last. They didn’t dare risk triggering the fury of Aphrodite’s father. Some gods silently feared the underworld would mix with the heavens. But they all knew that hades was all that separated the gods from another bloody war with the titans. 
Aphs posse was a who’s who of goddesses. Cat and Athena, Dion, Gala, Eros and Iris. She also had a few sprites who carried her bags when she shopped at places like Cloud 9 and the Celestial Store. Like most girls they were constantly giving Aphrodite advice. And when it came to Hades their advice was to run. And like most good girlfriends their motives were completely selfish. They had a long list of reasons. Nobody likes him. He’s a jerk. He’s not in it for the right reasons. Plus, he smells. Even the slutty goddess Iris who’d been with all the young gods steered clear of Hades. They kept telling her he was using her for her cloud access and God connections.  
Athena would counter, but you don’t see him when he’s alone. The way he feeds his dogs. He only feeds them the best souls. He always treats me nice. Just last week, He let me throw hell fire at lost souls and dangle water in front of the newly arriving souls. He calls them fresh meat. You could hear the existing souls that had been in the underworld for a while cat call the new souls as they entered the gates of hell.
A roar came from the celestial pit as the soul of the demigod Portunes rattled the celestial world. The fallen god had heard Andromeda’s call for the crackhead. He had learned to roar incessantly when he heard the words crackhead. He let out three large roars and went back to his cloud bed. He was able to stay in the celestial kingdom because they had a use for him. Portunes learned to make a show of it but he was getting older so after two or three cloud rattling screams he would take a nap and watch some Clash of the Titan reruns. He liked to put his feet up while he was eating cloud corn. Early on being called the crackhead had really pissed him off. I mean you make a mistake a couple of times and sniff a little cloud dust maybe drink some cloud cider and smoke a cloud pipe every once in a while, and suddenly your labeled for life. He grimaced. They used to call me the kraken but some jackass thought it would be funny to change kraken to krackhead and over the millennium the name stuck. Thinking about it, he was pretty sure it was Thor who had started calling him crackhead. 
The problem for Portunes was that he had a bad draw when the gods were handing out assignments. He was the god of keys. Wtf was all he could say when he found out. Whose oatmeal did I crap in, was his first thought. Imagine sitting in your god hut day after day waiting for some idiot to lose his keys. Oh god of keys please help me. Portunes save me my door is jammed. Portunes I dropped my keys in the front seat of my Chevy Cavalier. Portunes found that he had a lot of free time on his hands and so like most young Gods from the wrong side of the heavens, he got in with a bad crowd. His best friend was Bacchus the god of wine.  
Zeus watched as lightning careened thru the sky. Thunder rattled the heavens. Aphrodite was Zeus eldest daughter. She was dating Hades the keeper of the dead and those that would soon wish they were dead. When Zeus needed advice regarding his kids, he went to his oldest friend and most trusted ally Atlas. Atlas, who held the heavens in place. 
Zeus began to chuckle. Atlas had given Zeus a run for his money with Andromeda. He’d been Andromeda’s first god friend. Although Andromeda never spoke of Atlas, Zeus could see Atlas in Andromeda’s eyes when they were making love. Zeus created the Grand Canyon the first time he saw his friends’ image. It was no secret why the goddesses called Atlas the hammer. He’d slept with the entire celestial heaven. 
Fortunately for Zeus Atlas had never been that bright. Zeus came up with the idea of giving Atlas a prime task. Holding the heavens in place. The heavens were self-sustaining. Every god who’d taken celestial physics knew this. But Atlas had flunked out of entry level celestial bodies. 
Atlas, Zeus yelled below the heavens “How are you my good friend”. Atlas smiled the unwitting smile of one who knew not that he was but of a joke. “My daughter is dating Hades. I know she possess more sense than that.” Zeus sighed. “I can’t blame her. I remember my youth. She’s only half a millennium. It took me two millenniums to begin making smart god choices.”
Atlas smiled. “That’s about when you had me hold up the celestial heavens.”, Atlas laughed. Zeus put his arm around his old friend, “Of course. You are my best friend. I wanted to bestow on you the greatest honor of the gods.”
 Atlas responded. “You are going to have to let the girl live her life.” “It was just like when I dated Andromeda.” Suddenly the heavens began to shake. Thunder and lightning split the clouds. Atlas laughed heartily. “Obviously, I was just loosening her up for you.” Atlas’s laugh shook the celestial heavens. Zeus eyes turned a bright red.
Titus stared at the hell dogs barking surreptitiously in front of him. He’d been trapped in a state of animation for so long he’d forgotten what millennium it was. Zeus had held the Titans in the underworld for several millennium. At night, the smell of rotting flesh would overtake all of Titus’s super senses. He’d known his life had been essentially over for some time. The underworld provided a mix of excruciating pain and anguish. It was a constant reminder of Titus’s defeat at the hands of Zeus. Hades made sure of that. 
Zeus killed Titus's father in the war with the Lilliputians. But Titus’s greatest punishment was being forced to watch the spitting image of Andromeda pleasure Hades while he deprived the rest of the underworld of hope. Titus would have accepted his fate had he not produced one good thing from his true love Andromeda. His son Loki. As the thought careened thru his mind, his eyes turned a dark red as he summoned his child. 
Loki looked up from his planetary erector set. “Daddy”.

Chapter Two	

Clark sat down on the plastic green store stool from the 1970’s that accentuated the beige boardroom. It had been a rough day. His kryptonite wasn't a green translucent rock. It was having to work twelve-hour shifts at the Piggly Wiggly to put a roof over his head. Every once in a while, Lex Luther would come in with his personal assistant and stock up on redneck caviar and champagne. Lex would sway back and forth as he made his way thru the checkout line and stare quizzically at Clark. He’d squint for a second while he analyzed Clark’s face and say, "Don't I know you". Clark would respond “I work at the Daily Planet.” He’d adjust his glasses. A reactionary move he’d learned to use when he needed a moment to capture his thoughts. “I also write a blog about superman.” That statement tended to illicit a variety of reactions from ordinary people. Ranging from excitement to curiosity. But with Lex the reaction was always the same. His eyes always narrowed. His face would turn a bright red as his jaw tightened. A group of automatic physiological responses to a single word, superman. 
Clark learned to speak softly in order to illicit sympathy and A BIG tip.  “But since the Internet" his voice would trail off as if he was thinking about a cheerful distant memory. Lex would forget his initial anger at which point he would look at Clark and pat him on the head. Keep your chin up boy. He'd usually pull out a crisp twenty-dollar bill. Quickly pull back both its sides which created a resounding snap that echoed loudly enough to turn most of the heads in the Piggly Wiggly. Lex was always Clarks biggest tip of the day. That's how he described the day’s events in his group therapy sessions. 
Clark wanted out of group therapy, but he just couldn't afford the cost of individual sessions. Even with his superhero discount. The cast of characters around him included both Bruce's but Bruce Wayne tended to miss a lot of sessions. He said group was too negative for him. The lucky bastard didn't have money issues. As far as Clark could tell, he’d never done a hard day’s work in his life. Then there was Tony. He was always bragging about a fancy new toy he’d purchased. Today it was the new car he’d just bought. A state-of-the-art self-driving Lamborghini. Then there were the women. God, Tony’s endless stories of five-star restaurants and all-night parties. 
Of course, no therapy session would be complete without Selena. She took up the entire session most weeks talking about her sex addiction. Droning on about the one-night stands. Every week she whined about two guys who kept “tag teaming her”. Her exact words. Bruce and Tony were gone on those days. 
When Selena wasn't complaining little Peter took up most of the remaining time. Clark felt sorry for the little guy. He'd lost both his parents and his grandparents. And he had some serious girlfriend issues. This week it was a cheerleader at his school who refused to give him the time of day. Everyone in group kept telling him he was being played. 
Clark however had his own problems. Since he began working a second job Clark noticed that Lois wasn't paying much attention to him. Now, when she walked into the Piggly Wiggly and saw him bagging groceries, she avoided his lane. In group, Clark tended to sit with his arms folded and pout when he discussed Lois. 
Clark stared at Banner. Banner, Bruce Banner to be precise, was the type of guy who didn't speak much. A few weeks back both he and Grimm started having personal issues. Grimm would talk over banner in group while Banner discussed his money problems. It looked as if Banner was handling it well at first. Boy, how looks can be deceiving. 
Grimm was built like a brick house. Not like a muscled-up meat head from Jersey. He literally looked like a two-story acme brick house. Brick on top of brick with mortar squeezed in between the bricks. 
Clark noticed that Banner typically doesn’t say much during group sessions but when Banner and Grimm start arguing banner just seems to lose control of his anger. One day Banner and Grimm are arguing much the same way they argue almost every group session. Suddenly Banners arms turn a slime green color. His body expands at least ten inches in every direction. Banner begins to grow several sizes right out of his shirt and pants. He grew four feet in less than two minutes. The only thing going thru Clark’s head at that point was Thank god I didn't play the tack in the chair joke I typically play with newbies in the group. In the matter of a few seconds Banner and Grimm start going at it. The first time this happened, Clark made the mistake of trying to intervene and that didn't go so well. They ended up having to change buildings while construction crews worked on restoring the seventh thru twelfth floors. Afterwards Selena invited both of them over to her house. Banner hasn't spoken since. But he shows up most weeks right on time with a big smile on his face. 
Oh, and then there's Thor. Every month we have Thor day. A day where Thor shares his escapades. And boy does Thor share. He always has a story about bringing a hellslut to his bedroom. The story rarely changes. He talks about how he brings Satan’s beasts to Thor’s Sky palace. And then he laughs and the entire room starts to shake. Thor loves to talk in the third person. He talks about taking the demonic tramp to his cloud bed where he pulls out Thor's hammer. And then he laughs a second time. Thor then rattles on and on about how he's a god. He picks up his hammer and points to the sky and tells everyone in the building that he's the son of Zeus the king of the gods. As if that makes him more far important than everyone in the room. 
Crime in the tri hero area has fallen to low single digits. Which has presented an unforeseen problem for the group. Gotham had gone from the country’s most crime ridden area to one of the top two best places to live and raise your children. Behind of course Metropolis. The joker, who had once ruled the city has become a punchline during campfire outings. The Riddler has been relegated to telling riddles to third graders at the public library. And the green goblin is a Halloween costume used once a year by kids who like to get their @#$&$ kicked. 
Lex managed to clean up his act and somehow become the mayor of metropolis. He went from trafficking illegal substances to providing affordable sustainable energy to the entire city. In the process Lex converted metropolis into a high-tech hub. But the lack of crime created a very large void during group therapy sessions. So, when a call came yesterday about a robbery in progress the entire room emptied out. Clark flew down the stairwell and ran outside the building where the last remaining phone booth in metropolis has been located for the past five years. As Clark ran across the courtyard towards the phone booth, he watched in dismay as a man in his late fifties carried the phone booth away. Meanwhile a city worker was installing a Lex Luther Ev battery charger. For Luther cars and light trucks. 
Clarks eyes turned an omniscient bright red. Beams of light slowly sparked from the contours of his eyes as he began to use his laser vision to destroy the battery charger. It was at that moment that Clark looked down the street and saw Lois walking towards him. Her head was down. She wore her wireless headphones over both of her ears. Lois walked as if she was oblivious to her surroundings. She hadn't noticed Clark despite walking directly towards him. 
As Lois sashayed her towards Clark, it took all of his courage to begin making his way toward Lois. It was at that moment that her eyes met his. He slowly forced a smile and attempted to make good eye contact. Just like Tony had told him to do. 
Loise's eyes however looked right past him. Despite being ten feet from Clark. As Lois walked past Clark, she suddenly took notice of him. Her face turned a bright red. She stopped turned around and began walking in the opposite direction.  
Clark’s anger boiled over and with the fury of a red-hot sun he shot a ray of light from his eyes at the Lex Luther EV charger. Where it waited across the street patiently for an electric vehicle. 
Clark looked around. The toilet inside McDonald's was the closest change station. He was now not only preoccupied with the crime in progress but was also concerned that he was losing Lois. Clark ran into McDugal’s and grabbed the handle to the men’s restroom door. It was locked. A voice came from the other side of the door. I'm on the toilet a-hole. 
Crime in Metropolis and Gotham fell to single digits. The upside was that roads, bridges and buildings were suddenly plentiful. Superman spun around and watched Thor, the Hulk and the Thing sprint down the street. He needed to hurry. The downside to low crime rates in Metropolis and Gotham was that everyone was fighting for credit for a limited amount of superhero opportunities. Clark looked around. The woman's room was open. Clark ran into the bathroom and locked the door. In a matter of seconds, he had transformed himself into Superman. Gone were his polo shirt and khakis. He was now wearing blue leotards and a shirt with a large S on the front. Gone were his glasses and wavy black hair. He now had Blue contacts and slicked back hair. He was now unnoticeable to the well-trained human eye. As superman exited the restroom. He heard the theme that had resonated for years when people saw him. It's a bird a young man with blue glasses screamed. No, another man yelled. It’s a plane. Finally, a third man looked across the room. No, it's superman. As superman began his ascent, he heard a young man in the distance. "Did he just come out of the woman's room." 
Now it was a race to the crime scene. Clark had already lost precious time. The police had called in a robbery in progress. As he looked across the sky, he saw Thor flying in front of him. Below him the Thing was bowling his way thru the streets below. The hulk was screaming and knocking over cars as he rambled thru the streets of Gotham. Suddenly the entire group came to a halt in front of a department store. The manager walked out and saw what amounted to a super-sized Halloween party. Thor walked over to the manager and in a commanding voice asked where the purp was. He'd heard that word from one of the policemen who worked the night shift. The manager pointed at the store and started to speak. Before he was able to finish, he Hulk tore down the door. The Thing jumped thru the roof and Thor threw his hammer thru the window. The rest of the gang was just arriving. The owner was waiving his hands back and forth as a small crowd began to gather around the store. Superman made his way into the building. At the top of his lungs he yelled come out you are surrounded. The hulk roared as superman hovered above the building. The strength of his scream knocked several fixtures off the shelves. Superman with his super sensitive hearing could hear what sounded like whimpering in the back of the store. He flew across the store and spotted a young child. In his pocket was an autographed picture of the entire group. He told the boy to hop on. Thor stood next to him. I'll check out the rest of the building. 
Superman flew out of the building. He landed in front of the store manager. Do you know whose child this is? Thor came running out after him. I didn't see anyone. The manager looked at Clark with an odd look. As he spoke, the man of steel sensed that something was wrong. I called the police on the boy this is the third time in the past month the kid has stolen something from the store. I was trying to put a scare in him. Superman turned as he saw the giant hole in the window. The broken doors and the light cascading thru the hole in the roof. Who is going to pay for all this damage, the store manager yelled? 
Superman bent down and patted the young boy on the head. Now you know it's wrong to steal son give the man his poster back. Tears were streaming down the young child’s face. Superman looked around. 
Our job here is finished. And with that the man of steel flew away. Thor flew by superman. Superman looked at Thor. I'll let you take credit for this one.  Thor glared. You know I have a hammer right.
The alarm went off bright and early at 4 am. It took Clark five minutes to get ready for work and 25 seconds to get to work. As he landed on top of the daily planet, he straightened out his tie. At 10 past 7 Clark was at his desk. The planet had been bought out by an unknown conglomerate. Little jimmy had been promoted to editor. Half the planet staff had been downsized. Superman’s relationship with Clark kept him on the staff.  Clark looked down at the front page of this morning’s paper. It was layed out on Lois desk. Superman or Super Perv. Daily Planet Exclusive. A young teenager made his way out of McDougal’s last night and saw the man of steel exiting a woman's rest room. Is Superman the man of steel or the lady of the hour. Or is he just a super Perv. 

Clark fell into his seat. A sinking feeling sat in the pit of his stomach. Lois walked thru the door. Her face was a bright red. Jimmy and I tried to kill the story. But management wouldn't let us. We have a whole string of articles coming this week. We also have a video recording of Thor. Thor's hammer was the headline. and a picture of Thor with two women on his cloud bed. 
Lois had turned Clark into her best bud. Every day she’d swoon on about Superman. How he’d held her dainty little waist in his arms. Clark didn’t want to nitpick, but she’d gained ten pounds in the last four months. The final paper ran the headlines superhero’s or super freaks. 
By Monday the protests had started at the hall of justice. The league of antisuperheroes had gathered around the hall and started to petition for their removal from the city. An emergency city council meeting convened and the honorable mayor Lex Luther refused to sit in on the meeting claiming that the superheroes had cleaned up the streets of Gotham and metropolis.
Prison had worn Lex out. After all a person can play only so much golf and tennis. His elbow was starting to flare up. He had been in prison so long that some of the other prisoners were beginning to look appealing.  His appetite for fine foods was another reason for exiting prison. The prison meals were beginning to look mundane. Monday steak. Tuesday Lobster. Wednesday veal cutlet. On Thursday Chef Chuy made a special Chinese dish. 
Lex was eating the same food every week.  Prison had put ten pounds on him. The mundane meals might have been manageable had his jacuzzi not stopped working. Between his broken jacuzzi and having lost his private masseuse, Lex just wasn’t feeling prison anymore.  
He decided to put together a team of highly talented ex-cons. An ex energy trader. An ex oil baron and a guy who name rhymes with take the money and run. Lex was always good at getting the most out of his talent. With his teams help, he started a shell company. The company used a combination of angel investors and online investing websites in order to solicit a bid to purchase the prison. Lex undercut all the prison labor costs and agreed to take a loss the first year. By the end of year one, Lex installed his personal assistant as the prison warden. Lex proceeded to give her a huge pay increase. Part of which was kicked back to him. 
Her first task as the prison warden was to commute the sentences of all the violent offenders. Because the prison needed worker’s the warden increased the sentences of nonviolent offenders and began bidding on local construction contracts. 
Lex made the decision to convert the infirmary into an experimental laboratory. He started experimenting on increasing intelligence which unsurprisingly didn’t work well and superhuman abilities which had shown a great deal of promise. He’d winnowed down the prison population by a third as well. An accomplishment he would tout while running for mayor of Gotham. 
Becoming mayor was the easiest thing Lex had done. He was a natural born politician. Lex had no problem lying, cheating or denigrating his opponent. His lack of experience made him the perfect choice for the anti-everything party. The poor smuck he ran against tried to run on issues. He never stood a chance. Lex’s motto was everyone loves a good comeback story.  His opponent promised to beef up the police force. Lex promised to privatize the police force, eliminate property taxes and with the money saved hand out free television sets. Which he promised to build in the city of Gotham. Needless to say, Lex won by a landslide. He began commuting prison sentences almost immediately. Johnny aka hammerhead and Torpedo, two of his first prison experiments were the first to be released.
Thor had been put in charge of the hall of justice. In a little less than a month, he had managed to turn it into the hall of just ass. Thor cut the wardrobe budget in half which meant that superwoman went from a full two peace outfit to a bikini string and a tube top. Cat woman’s goodwill shirt and leggings were so tight that she couldn’t walk three feet without falling headfirst. Thor’s first act as commissioner was to fire the entire staff and hire an entire staff of female stenographers. Not a one could type. The hall of justice looked like a Victoria secrets catalogue.
Lex had a plan. Was it a great plan? He didn’t need a great plan. He was the go-to guy in all the Superman movies. There were certainly other villain’s like the weirdos from superman’s home planet. But Lex was the money shot. His first act as mayor was to take over the hall of justice. His second act was to dissolve the city council and run his anti-superhero contingent. With the voting majority Lex dissolved the hall of justice retaining the stenographers and turning it into the city’s largest bordello. He threw a huge retirement celebration for the exiting superheroes.
In order to expedite the superhero’s retirement, Lex hired girls who let’s just say had a rather questionable reputation. He hired the girls to video record the superheroes retirement celebration. Thor loved to bring women to his sky palace to play hide the hotdog. That’s what the women who entered the sky palace called it. Lex figured out that the best way to deal the superheroes a death blow was to supply the buns.
Removing the superheroes was easy. First there was a large cost to cleaning up after the superheroes. The destruction left after their more prominent battles had cost the city a fortune. Then there was the cost of the hulk’s giant green turd removal. 
Lex’s second act was to replenish the treasury. He used the stenographers to improve the city’s morale. He charged a hundred dollars an hour for the privilege. 
Lex began his purge in Gotham by streaming Stark and cat woman while they made an ice cream sandwich with Bruce. The people of Gotham were a fickle bunch. Last week they cheered the superheroes who cleared the streets of Gotham and metropolis of the city’s hardest criminals but this week they were calling for the removal of the superheroes from the tri-city area. Almost zero crime actually became a detriment to the superheroes. No crime meant that the people of Gotham and metropolis grew complacent. News reals that at one point in time covered the continuous crime spree in the tri city area were now covering broken buildings, green turds and large meteor sized holes in the middle of Gotham. Lex began a campaign to overturn the wrongly convicted that were contributing to the overcrowding of metropolis’s and Gotham’s prisons. The superheroes achievements were rebroadcast on state run tv as the reign of terror that had overtaken the tri-city area.  As the superheroes left the city a solar eclipse covered the cities of Gotham and Metropolis leaving future generations to speculate that darkness had befallen the cities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     superheroes were forced out.
 Lex’s next move in the tri-city area was to rename the two cities to Lexville and Luther crossing in honor of the greatest super villain the world has ever known.

Bruce banner sat at a long white table filled with chemistry flasks. Next to the table were cages holding large animals. He’d been looking for a cure for his ailment for the past 15 years. He worked in his makeshift lab testing his original serum on a variety of rodents. Using his dual PHD’S in genetics and chemistry, Bruce had been able to develop a steel so indestructible that he was able to keep the super rodents from breaking out of their cage. The metal however lost its durability at larger sizes. After a decade of being the Hulk, Bruce was just worn out. It wasn’t just Bruce’s inability to control the change when he was angry that wore him down. His experiments created the opposite of their desired results. Instead of shrinking and becoming more human, Bruce was getting larger and greener. And the carbon dioxide he’d begun emitting had caused his newly hired college intern to pass out. The intern worked for free with the promise of profit sharing from whatever money was made from their research. The carbon emission had been the last straw.   
Bruce’s strength and size increased five-fold. He’d gone from a Lou Ferrigno sized hulk to a Marvel giant in just a few years. Bruce decided to attend group because he was changing more rapidly and had less control than any point during his experiments. Looking for a cure had created other problems for Bruce. He was no longer earning able to earn a living because he was afraid he would transform while on the job. Bruce found himself shopping at 99 cent stores in order to survive since his experiments called for necessities that his budget couldn’t provide. 
A new pair of clothes weekly sometimes daily. He’d wake up in a cornfield naked or a park with nothing but underwear on. Thank god for stretchable underwear. That left Bruce vulnerable to muggings or worse police incarceration. There was an incident with a local state policeman who thought Bruce was a transvestite prostitute and offered to let Bruce go free if he was willing to provide a few “favors”. After that Bruce kept a cellphone attachment on his leg so that he could call cat woman whenever his metamorphosis occurred. His unpredictable lifestyle and cat woman’s expensive tastes for feline apparel cost money. He knew Thor the god of thunder had no use for money, so he went to stark for a loan. Stark laughed and asked him what he could use for collateral. That’s when Bruce decided to take matters into his own hands. He tried to hack Starks bank account but found his computer verification system overwhelming. First, he needed a fingerprint then he had to verify using facial recognition. Then starks vault required voice verification and a verbal password. Who is the best superhero? That one was easy obviously it was the hulk. Then you had to step in a heat induced chamber that reached one thousand degrees and there was only one suit that could handle that type of temperature. 
      He compared the complexity of stealing starks money versus borrowing money from Clark and it was a no brainer. Clark was a midwestern country boy who left his back door open and had a large jar on his dresser labeled Lois. He had to admit he felt bad when Clark started whining at their weekly meeting about how he’d been robbed and how he was saving his money for his girlfriend Lois. My god Bruce thought. He’d never even been on a date with her. He’d eventually pay him back once he found a cure. Of course, it had been ten years since he had started searching for a cure and he still had ten to fifteen other people he had to pay back. However, having to listen to Clark whine about the new duds he had been saving up for left Bruce with a feeling of guilt that he needed to alleviate. Plus, now that cat woman had begun picking Bruce up on a regular basis, she had begun to get a little clingy. So, Bruce suggested maybe she could help Clark out by relieving some of his pent-up tension.  A win win win. Boy was that a mistake. He’d felt the tips of her talons a few times when they were making love, but she managed to give Bruce the full weight of her claws after that comment sending him running to the local vet. He also lost his ride and was forced to call Thor or stark when he found himself in the middle of a park or cornfield. Both of whom were wholly unreliable. 
Being cooped up meant that Bruce had a lot of time. He found himself on Facebook and Instagram. Someone had managed to take a picture of him during one of rampages. The picture was traveling across all social media platforms. He would get pissed off reading statements like the incredible shrinking hulk comparing his large frame to his undersized manhood. Women who used to look at him with fear and reverence now chuckled as he walked by. 

The thing sat in his weekly group session. He was growing tired of listening to Bruce Complain about the perception of the size of his @#($($. He knew that Banner had to be tiny. How else could a guy grow that muscular that fast. It had to be steroids. The thing sat in his chair with a stone-cold look of indifference. He’d grown tired of listening to Bruce complain about his tiny package and of listening to Clark whine about his piggy bank getting stolen. Every week he complained about not being able to buy new duds to impress Lois. He was irritated by the incessant whining. People are calling your junk tiny well FYI it isn’t normal size. He finally blurted out. A chuckle quickly echoed across the room and just as quickly stopped once the look of utter and complete anguish enveloped Clark’s face. He and the rest of the room mistakenly thought that the comment had been directed at Clark. That’s why the thing stopped opening his mouth in group. He was always blurting out the wrong thing at the wrong time. He quickly changed direction.  I’m made of brick he grimaced as he attempted to wipe away a fake tear in order to get back the room’s sympathy. Last week a dog lifted his leg and urinated on me.  Women chuckle when I walk by or they walk across the street. The last woman who brought me home wanted to have a threesome with her washing machine. All the thing could think about is why am I a brick wall. Elasticity wasn’t available. I used to be a bald thirty-year-old white guy who couldn’t dance. Drove a truck. Listened to country music. Now standing next to my house people mistake me for a fence. 
When Lex took over as mayor of the tri city area, he knew that running the superheroes out was no easy task. First, they were beloved for eliminating crime in Gotham. Next they had a near rock star following. But Lex realized something. Something that boiled beneath the surface of Gotham. An acute jealousy and resentment of the superhero’s extraordinary abilities.  So, he let their actions speak for themselves. The large green turds. Buildings that had been destroyed fighting crime. Constant roadwork and a lack of moral perpetude. He fed the media with salacious threesomes and damaged buildings. Gotham and metropolis had suddenly run amuck with to many good deeds. Like a successful sports team that couldn’t quite win a championship, the superheroes had been a victim of their own success. 
      While Lex withered away in prison, he managed to create a state of the art research lab. With the prisoners as his guinea pigs he procured Bruce’s serum and kryptonite and began experimenting with the two substances. After a few misses Lex created a team of ex-cons with exceptional abilities. Johnny aka hammerhead could burst thru steel. His hands were shaped like large crescent shaped hammers. Torpedo had a combination of superhuman strength and the ability to shoot torpedo like objects. And then there was Grenade. A self-exploding human bomb. His name however came from being so ugly he could clear out any bar in the city. 
All the anti-superheroes had a deformity of some sort. Hammerhead had a giant head. Torpedo’s hands had been deformed since he was a child. Grenade was so ugly that by the age of ten he had joined a circus. The joker in his youth had been the most boring mundane cathartic individual that Lex had ever met. No sense of humor. Lex had more interesting conversations with patients in a mental ward. 
       Once Lex mixed Bruce’s serum with kryptonite and administered it to the joker his entire persona changed. Whereas the rest of his crew received superhuman abilities. This joker suddenly couldn’t stop telling jokes. The problem Lex had was he just wouldn’t shut up. He followed Lex everywhere. Lex thought about leaving him in the prison, but his handpicked warden threatened to close the facility. And as it turned out his personality was perfect for politics. The joker was the only city councilman to win his election by popular vote. And by the end of the election there were calls for him to run for governor. Lex had groomed the young men and taught them to use their disabilities to their advantage. Whereas the rest of the world saw them as freaks, Lex never paid attention to their disabilities but rather looked at their potential and what they could do for him. When his crew was released for good behavior and time served using the newly passed prisoner rehabilitation policies, Lex was able to put the rest of his protégés on the city council as second chance citizens. 

After the superheroes were forced out of the tri city area. The group decided to leave a single superhero behind to infiltrate Lex’s criminal enterprise. The man Clark had put away, Lex Luther had his sentence reduced and then commuted. The discussion of what to do to fight their banishment had begun in group. Thor suggested the superhero’s bullrush Lexs’ crew. But cat woman had a better idea. Her eyes turned towards Clark as she spoke and winked at the group. She made the statement that the natural choice was Clark. He graduated Suma cum laude with a journalism degree from a local community college. That made Clark the man with the most impressive credentials in the room outside of starks structural engineering degree, banners PhD in chemistry and catwoman’s bs in humanities and the Things machinist degree from a local tech school. Clark as a result was the natural choice.  Not just because his whining had become more than the group could bear. But his disguise had allowed him to hide in plain sight. To prepare for the transition he began trying on different color glasses to avoid having anyone notice his true identity. Quitting the Piggly Wiggly was easy. Before he quit, he told Lex about his plans to quit America’s minimart and asked him if he had a job opening. Lex told him to come by his house for an interview. He’d hook him up.  
Clark got up early on the day of the interview. He was finally going to make some real money. He could get some new duds to impress Lois and replenish his piggy bank.  He decided to drive his gremlin directly to Lex’s house. A four-story palatial mansion off of the newly named Lake Luther. Clark made sure he wore his new neon glasses so he wouldn’t be recognizable to anyone who had come in contact with Superman. 
Clark arrived early to the meeting, so he sat in Lex’s waiting room waiting as Lex’s butler notified the venerable Mr. Luther that Clark had arrived. After half an hour of watching a Luthercorp video run on the big screen television on Lex’s wall. A video which included the Joker and Riddler inserting their faces in the middle of the screen while making clown noises. Lex Luther finally arrived. 
Lex smiled and spoke authoritatively “the interview is a mere formality, he said. You have the job. Let me introduce you to my team. The joker and Riddler were Clark’s first interview. The joker stopped every thirty seconds to laugh uncontrollably which created a firestorm of laughter from the Riddler. Brain freeze came in stared at Clark’s resume and handed him a popsicle. Despite Clark’s superhuman abilities the cold popsicle caused his forehead to wrinkle and eyes to narrow. The sight of Clark’s exasperated look caused the Joker to laugh and Riddler to tell popsicle jokers. Lex patted Clark on the back. You have the job.
        Clark showed up bright and early the next day with his best shirt and dress pants on. He wanted to make a good impression. Lex’s assistant pulled out a shovel and pointed in the direction of a pile of manure in front of Lex’s horse barn. Clark shoveled shit for about an hour until he heard the sound of an engine roaring down the street. The smell of manure was absolutely horrendous. Clark looked up and stared at the driver as she drove by. Oh my god he thought.  It was Lois. He could hear the sound of her muffler sputtering in the distance. Her muffler was loose and was bouncing up and down as she passed Clark. 
Working at the Daily Planet meant that Lois was far to poor to get her car fixed. “Oh my god. I can’t let her see me shoveling manure”, Clark thought. He dropped the shovel and tried to stand up straight and strike a pose like Thor had taught him.  But the look on Lois face as she drove was somewhere between petrified and disgust. 
Clark began to tear up. It was all he could do to hide the emotions that had consumed him for the past month. After Lois drove by, it took Clark ten seconds to move a pile of manure twenty feet high onto the dump truck. Clark had been given instructions where to haul the manure. He pulled out the smartphone he’d bought for ten dollars on Tony’s list and began typing in the address Lex had provided as he wiped away his tears. The location he was being sent to was the city water supply.  
Six months after Lex removed the super freaks from Lutherville and Lexicon formally named Gotham and metropolis. Lex, due to unfortunate budget constraints had been forced to reluctantly capitulate to the city councils demands to force the superheroes out of the tri city area. He had given a tearful heartfelt speech during a live city hall broadcast. Praising their work in Lutherville and Lexicon. He told the cities he had reluctantly come to the conclusion that the people had spoken, and the superheroes had to exit the cities. 
Lex also imposed a twenty percent tax to pay for Lutherville arena and to clean up the destruction the superheroes had left behind during their reign of terror.
Lex was relieved once the tax appropriation passed. He’d stopped getting his daily massage and body therapy sessions. He had also been forced to purchase store brand cognac and caviar. Now he could resume the lifestyle he’d become accustomed to in prison.
      Lex added a value added tax to goods to fund his staff’s rehabilitation therapy. A regular session at the hall of justice. As part of Luther’s job program, the joker was now running a card game at city hall and with Lex’s approval was taking a piece of the action. The girls of the hall of just arse were now serving drinks and providing perks beyond the bars horderves. If the joker discovered that a player was not cheating, during a game, he tied the offender to a dental chair and increased the flow of helium to his mask until the patient’s laughter subsided and the offender eventually died of asphyxiation. 
      Lex stood at the podium as the crowd packed the newly constructed Lutherville stadium. The joker was doing hand flips. The Riddler was warming up the crowd with a series of x rated riddles. The women began lifting their tops and the men began to ravage the women. Three months earlier Lex had started adding a drug he’d been perfecting in prison to the city’s water supply.  Brainiac spent his time developing a new popsicle that made people inhibited and obedient. He’d been slowly introducing it into grocery stores. Today he gave it away for free. Fits of rage were followed by a strange inability to say no. There was also an odd side effect. An odd desire to listen to Barry Manilow music. The song Mandy continuously played over the intercom. In the Tristate area Barry Manilow sales increased fivefold in a six month period. 
Lex began speaking. My dear people of Lexicon and Lutherville. You are now free. Free of inhibition. Free from fear. The joker began laughing and hammerhead started pounding his head on the podium. As usual Clark’s disguise allowed him to remain virtually unnoticed. Unfortunately, Clark showed up late. He watched in obscurity as Lois started eating a free popsicle. 
Clark had gone unnoticed as he pushed a broom back and forth across the stage. 
A large burly man built more like a grizzly bear than a man began moving his hands rhythmically down Loise’s hips. The smell of dead fish and beer repulsed anyone that was near the man. But Lois didn’t seem to notice. She gyrated her hips as Barry Manilow’s Mandy played in the background. Clark looked up as his eyes began to water. Suddenly the smell of hard liquor shot across the stadium as Thor landed with cat woman sitting on his shoulders. Thor looked around. No one else is here he roared. I am here to save you from Kojak. A reference to Lex’s bald head He shook Cat woman off his shoulders as she shrieked. 
Clark finally stopped weeping. Hs could only cry so much for his true love Lois. Thor looked over and saw Lois swaying while grizzly Adams hands made their way to let’s just say parts unknown. Thor grimaced. Shit he thought another month of Clark whining in group. He took his hammer and fired it by the large grizzly bear of a man’s head. Knocking him over and waking Lois from her trance. It flew towards the stage. Directly towards at Lex. Brain freeze had his hand on a red button which he pushed just before the hammer made contact with Lex. Suddenly a force field appeared and the Hammer which was within five feet of Lex’s head froze in suspended animation. 
Thor jumped towards the hammer with cat woman close on his heels. Bruce landed in the stadium wearing new extra-large juicy couture leotard’s using the newly found wealth he’d procured. The jet pack Bruce was wearing had cost him a pretty penny’ He found it at the website One Auction an online website. He looked around and saw cat woman hanging on to Thor’s pants by her claws as she suspended in mid-air. 
Suddenly Banner became enraged. I knew it he screamed. That two timing @&#&$*#. Banner began to grow until he turned into the hulk. He leapt toward the stage. With one swift swing of his hand he almost split the forcefield in two but alas to was stuck in the force field.  The hulk sat suspended above the awestruck crowd. All the while the Joker and Riddler continued dancing to Barry Manilow’s hit Mandy. 
The Thing landed next to the podium. He looked around. No one noticed him. 
He had landed in front of a brick building. The Thing looked up and saw Thor and Cat woman hanging from the force field. The Hulk was screaming. He took two steps to the left. Still no one noticed so he took a few more steps, nothing. The Thing decided to just start walking and then. There it was. A scream. The walls moving a young woman screamed. The thing froze. Then someone screamed. He forgot to take off his shoes. He began to run towards the force field. Earthquake someone in the crowd screamed. The walls are moving and their wearing shoes. The force field was down. Lex was in the process of injecting the Hulk with a serum that turned him back into Bruce Banner.  
Hammerhead and grenade hit Thor simultaneously knocking him into a cage made of impenetrable steel. Grenade blew a hole into the earth and pushed Thor and Banner into the gaping hole. Hammerhead used his head to cover the superheroes with dirt. The thing continued to run towards Lex. He pulled his hand back and swung at Lex’s head. The Riddler began laughing uncontrollably as the force field went back up. The Thing was behind Lex's firewall. Two seconds earlier and he would have finished off Lex, but two seconds is a long time in the superhero universe. Hammer head and the joker saw the moving wall just before he made contact with Lex. The force field went back up and just before contact hammerhead knocked the Thing into the force field. 
Clarke’s stared in disbelief as most of the superhero contingent lay helpless in front of Lex Luther. He was caught in a superhero dilemma. He knew he had to save Gotham and Metropolis but also needed to get paid in order to replenish his piggy bank. Otherwise he had no shot with Lois. He watched as Lois began to take off her shirt. Clark watched helplessly as tears streamed down his face. He found it impossible to focus on the task at hand. 
A cord from Lex’s microphone ran across the stage. Clark stared at Lois as she pulled her shirt over her neck. Clark moved slowly toward Lois. He became unaware of his surroundings. Clark felt the weight of his body give out as stumbled headfirst onto the stage. 
His raspberry red glasses rolled across the floor. The crowd which had been dancing fanatically to the song Mandy suddenly came to a complete halt. An audible gasp ran through the crowd. A young woman screamed. Oh my god it’s Superman. 
Lex didn’t have long. After the early eighties or was it the late seventies confrontation with Superman. When he was the only super villain. He learned to keep kryptonite handy just in case. 
When he saw the young man who he thought was Clark Kent lying on the floor without his clever disguise. He knew he had to act. Lex pulled the kryptonite out of his pocket and dove towards the hired hand he knew as Clark Kent. He dropped the Kryptonite in his shirt before the dazed teary-eyed Clark could react. 

Ironman, Ironman, Ironman the crowd chanted as the handsome Tony Stark with his head held upright landed in his Iron suite on top of the Luther arena stage. Christ this thing is big he thought as he prepared to do battle. Stark looked around and saw the remaining superheroes lying unconscious on the ground. He put on his iron helmet and used the helmets short range sensors to target the super villains. Stark fired the full weight of the DOD and Stark industries at the super villains. He watched as his entire arsenal exploded harmlessly in front of the contingent. 
Tony paused, looked around as a stunned crowd stared silently and made the only choice he could rationally make. He left. 
As Tony landed in his 35000 square foot industrial grade home, he ran to his space pod and prepared to launch into space. The herculean earthquake like pounding from outside his home shook his launchpad. A thud and then a larger thud and then the house seemed to move. It’s now or never he thought. His building slowly began to crumble around him. Where is it he shouted as his home crumbled around him. Stark searched under the chair. Then behind the rocket’s dashboard. The walls continued to give way. 
I can’t go without it. Just before the entire building was about to cave in around him, he found it in between the contours of his Seat. Tony popped the cassette his custom modified Dolby cassette recorder and pushed launch as he closed his eyes. The music slowly began to fill his ship. “Take me to the moon” the music blasted thru his speaker.  Stark smiled “Now I’m ready” as the pod rocket began to undock, and the top of his fortress slowly opened. He was on his way to Mars. 


Chapter Three
Tina sat in her two-bedroom apartment. Her eyes were bloodshot. A greenish hue had taken over her line of sight. She stared tepidly as a small circular object floated just above her bedroom door frame. She really had to quit drinking. The last thing she remembered from the previous night’s drunken escapade was meeting the last man who in six months had rocked her world. A world that had grown increasingly smaller over the last month. 
She’d met her Don Juan at her favorite local bar and had whisked him begrudgingly onto the dance floor. By the time she’d arrived at the club it had been well past ten p.m. The time most young women her age began to make their way into the local bars and clubs throughout the city. On this night like most Friday night’s the club was packed with drunk twenty somethings socializing and dancing to retro 1970s music. The illusion of beauty that started somewhere around midnight and began to culminate by the fourth shot of hard liquor typically vanished by closing time. The clubs dance floor had been built using contoured wood cut and molded from local New York State maple trees. A tree that grew in abundance in the upstate area. The maple tree also produced most of the non-Canadian maple syrup in the region. A fact that Tina knew only because of her newfound love of maple candy. A soft delicious treat that excited her senses and left her with a short-term sugar high. 
The dance floor had been stained and varnished several years earlier when the club’s hip, young gen x’rs flooded the club’s halls and dance floors. In the club’s glory days, money and booze flowed in abundance. Now years later the floor was beginning to show its age. The analogy that had made its way around the club was that it had gone from a local high school basketball star to a twenty something footlocker shoe salesman in about a decade. 
What once had been four brand new hardwood tables were now four worn down solid maples that should have been discarded years ago. They encompassed the entire width of the dance floor. Like the tables, the once ambient room was beginning to take on a seedy smoke laden back room aura. The mix of modern techno dance music and seventies disco music drowned out the constant floorboard squeaking that traversed the mighty wooden dance area nightly. 
And the silly college aged girls that once helped the club’s bartenders earn a living wage with expensive drinks like top shelf margaritas were replaced with blue collar working woman in their mid-thirties to early forty's. The cocktails flew off the bars slushy machine assembly line bubblegum in a candy shop. Craft brews and exotic beers from Germany and Finland were replaced by one-dollar bottlenecks. 
Tina never had an aversion to expensive cocktails like sex on the beach or exotic green beers like Heineken. Like most transplanted New York women, she liked to believe that her time in the big city had turned her into a sophisticated worldly woman and that bars like Crocs were just a temporary stomping group until she made it big. Unfortunately for Tina the statistics told a different story.  Tina like most of her peers in the bar found that she couldn’t afford to purchase drinks that didn’t include a tilted pull handle attached to rotating blue or red chopped ice. 
The more exclusive clubs served free horderves and thus provided dinner with her cocktail. As a result, she could justify the cost of splurging on a margarita every once in a while, that had hard ice and didn’t slog into a plastic cup. With Tina’s current salary however, she was stuck with state fair tequila. She discovered that in Croc’s the bartenders felt sorry enough for her that if she ordered a nonalcoholic drink, she would get the horderves and pink lemonade on the house.  Without the complimentary free food, it became too costly for Tina to find a suitable partner. So, on most Friday’s she stuck to one-dollar beer nights and pretzel and beer nut meet and greets that sometimes included a postmortem occasional Thank You hand job. Depending on the degree to which she consumed alcohol that evening.
Two of the four tables at Crocs were occupied by young men and women who were slumming it. An enduring term used to describe bars where the men in the bar stood no virtually no chance of getting laid and the women stood no chance of drinking free top shelf tequila. The first table was littered with women who had gathered for free drink Friday. Their monthly ghetto party of who can rack up the biggest bar tab on some poor loser’s credit card.  Most groups have at least one real looker sometimes two. The other girls tended to be a less than perfect mix of loud, loose and overly chatty women who instinctively ran off most of the men in a bar at 6 am the next morning. Labeling the young women was easy. Loud was more than likely the cock block. Loose was the girl in the bar that the guys were trying to get with and can’t control my alcohol was the girl that said I’m sorry in a state of drunken disorientation as her friend walked her out of the bar. During a ghetto party all that went out the window. There were now five loud friendly girls vying for the grand prize. A weekly free Brazilian blowout.
The second table was a group of young males who followed the opposite pattern. The best looking guy in the group stood at the front of the table while the women in the bar gawked. As the men made the rounds, the good looking modlesque stud’s shorter sharp-tongued friend, a guy with a keen sense of humor spent the night luring in young women with tales of drunken Keggers and beer pong. Meanwhile the bottlenecks were served at a breakneck pace and the slushy machine churned out colored chopped ice so quickly that the interior rotor blades dulled due to overuse. By the end of the hour the worst joke of the evening had the men and women at the table laughing hysterically.  
Seated at the last table next to three light colored craft brews and two red leather purses were three young extremely inebriated young women. The position of their one-dollar bottle necks created a Bermuda Triangle like outline across the circular solid wooden table. 
Tina had been drinking with two female coworkers for several hours. By ten pm the hour most of the bar’s patrons had begun streaming into the bar. Tina on quick inspection of the noticed her former Don Quixote standing in the corner of the room. Tina ordered the strongest top shelf drink she could think of and then she ordered a jack and coke since the bar didn’t carry the cocktail. Within a minute of quickly downing three glasses of hard liquor much to the chagrin of her thirsty companions, Tina walked towards the little man she had referred to as a bunny rabbit just six months earlier. His rapid-fire jack rabbit motions in the bedroom had left a bruise on the back of her head that hadn’t healed. She began to feel the weight of her somewhat chubby legs begin to buckle as she walked clumsily across the nightclub’s dance floor. She could hear every floorboard creaking as she made her way to two minutes of pure ecstasy. 
Fortunately, the first shot of alcohol helped calm her frayed nerves. With or without alcohol, on this night nothing was going to stop her from grabbing the man who had whisked her out of the bar over a month ago and in an inebriated state given her not necessarily the best sex she’d had in six months but rather the only sex she’d had in the past six months. Her friend Charlie usually provided the best sex. A large one-foot plastic vibrator with a rotating head that ran at multiple speeds. Tina wasted no time as she approached her ex-lover, she grabbed his small yet rough hand with her soft Aveno rose pedal moisturized hands and pulled him begrudgingly onto the dance floor. 
As soon as the couple of dazed half-drunk star stuck lovers walked onto the hard wood floor, Tina began her regular dance routine. She jerked her right arm forward like a crossing guard halting traffic, then she pulled her left arm up in two fluid motions. Tina retracted her arm inward and created an L shape. She rotated her arms between those two movements and in one fluid motion began wiggling her hips. Tina bent down until her head was perpendicular to the young man’s waist. She then proceeded to bob her head forward and then backwards. The young man who barely put one beer in his system stared at the crazy woman in front of him and thought the only thing a man in that situation could think. ” Thank God I didn’t give her my number.” In the midst of that thought Tina performed a nearly impossible pre 1990 Olympic figure skating feat. An inebriated sneaker version of a hard wood floor triple Lutz. She twirled around once and was so surprised at her successful feat that she repeated the move. The third Lutz was the money spin. To the un-amazement of absolutely everyone in the club.  It started flawlessly with one foot raised like a ballerina in training. Tina spun with a drunken swanlike gracefulness. For a moment she was an Olympic figure skater attempting the bars first and only triple Lutz. Her triple Lutz unfortunately turned into a triple clutz as she proceeded to lose her balance. 
Tina fell into the table which already seemed to have a hard time holding the three bottles of beer sitting on its flat surface. After bouncing off the table, Tina clumsily landed on her heavily inebriated rear end. The table subsequently flipped onto its side and the beers and three handbags ceremoniously slid across the tilted wooden table. The liquid from the beers fell ever so gracefully onto Tina’s head and torso as she lay stunned on the floor. To add to the misery, the only man who had cleaned her pipes in six months looked around and watched as the entire room first in shock and then in hysterical laughter watched as Tina lay soaking wet on her back in the middle of the floor. The five-foot seven-inch man turned around and in one swift motion retraced his steps and muttered the words “F5” somewhat under his breath but loud enough for those within earshot to hear his annoyed muttering. A reference to the numeric severity of a severe earthquake. 
                 Tina stared blankly at the back of her living room. “God” she thought I really have to cut down on the alcohol. The memory of the previous night caused her eyes to water. The salty tears swelled up around the cervices around her eyes. 
                 The man she’d let in her bed several months ago wasn’t that great in the sack. But his boldness made up for allot of his inequities. The actual act lasted less than two minutes and was more like a raw exchange of body fluids than a sustained act of love making. The two minutes of what Tina would later describe to her friends as a Peter Rabbit push was followed by five minutes of an awkward exchange of half-hearted pleasantries. Which was the polar opposite of what had occurred during the pre-mating ritual before the jack rabbit minute. Tina watched disconcertingly as the man who had promised her breakfast and titillated her with compliments began putting on his pants thirty seconds after firing his tiny derringer. 
                He told her his breath didn’t smell that great or he’d kiss her. Which ten minutes earlier hadn’t stopped him from sticking his beer laden French fry-soaked tongue down her throat. 
                That was over six months ago but now Tina was living in the middle of NYC and for God’s sake she had be the only New Yorker to not have sex in the past six months. She wasn’t sure what her problem was. 
               She thought about dressing more masculine. Maybe they liked masculine woman up here, she thought. I mean some of the men were quite a bit more feminine than the men she’d dated in Minnesota. 
After three months of not having sex with anyone other than Charley, Tina decided to be proactive. In retrospect Tina realized that she might have been a bit overzealous when attempting to initiate her first sexual encounter in six months. It really hadn’t been her fault she thought to herself. After all she’d had four beers which happened to be enough to inebriate a woman twice her size. On top of that, Tina had been forced to sit through an hour of listening to some of the most sorted tales of grotesque sexual encounters and deviant fantasies she’d ever heard. Didn’t this make her deserving of some sort of sexual release. She didn’t know how the heck it happened but My god she thought, how can anyone get banned for life from a sex addiction clinic. Her only thought at the time of the discretion was what If her lack of sex turned her into a sex addict. She could very well become addicted to porn and end up working street corners trying to get her fix. It wasn’t like she intentionally passed out her number during the meeting.  She just had to much to drink before she stumbled upon the sex addiction meeting. Plus, she’d heard that most addictions require a slow gradual weaning off period.
As Tina continued brooding in her quaint living room, she felt the slow acceleration of anger replace her usually steady mix of loneliness discontent and self-loathing. It was at that moment that Tina heard the door to the apartments master bedroom slowly creak open. A tall voluptuous blonde wearing nothing but a G-string which left nothing to the imagination made her way across the classically small two-bedroom apartment. The woman stood somewhere around five foot eight inches tall with an hourglass figure that just missed the hourglass. Tina knew that figure. It was a figure she’d spent her life longing for. She’d knew that women like the one walking thru her two bedroom left men speechless. Meanwhile women like her who were in a perpetual state of self-consciousness and self-loathing left men running for the hills. She knew there wasn’t much she could do. Her looks helped determine her place in the world. 
The thought slowly dissipated as the young attractive woman who was barely pushing twenty walked slowly across the room. The heal of her foot made a gentle clicking sound as she strolled across the hard wood floor. Her rather large Tina hesitated. Phalanges was the only word that came to mind. Tina paused a second time. She couldn’t quite spit out the words she’d heard used her entire life to describe the large pear-shaped objects that teetered like corn stalks on a brisk windy Minneapolis day. Yes, Tina watched the naked woman and her “phalanges” bounce jovially across the room. Moving slowly and rhythmically from side to side like two balloons that had been thrust sideways by a strong rotating gust of wind. If Tina was being conservative, she would have describe the woman as exhibitionist Barbie. The strikingly attractive woman who appeared to be extremely hung over and mildly disoriented walked lackadaisically around the apartment in an almost zombie like trance. She seemed wholly unnerved by the persistent crunching of celery sticks resonating from corner of the small apartment where Tina sat. Tina was tempted to drop the porcelain cup that she had been holding lucidly in her left hand to see if the curvaceous woman made any acknowledgement of her existence. But the cup was a family heirloom that was worth far more in sentimental value to Tina than the human spectacle that jiggled her way across the apartment. Despite Tina’s natural tepidness when it came to this type of exhibitionist type behavior, she was unable to control her curiosity. 
She couldn’t help but stare in-quizzically at the woman’s perfectly symmetrical body. Her stare was an obsessed stalkerish glare that had the young half naked woman taken notice would have sent a cold shiver down her spine. When Tina found herself near a woman who had a better physique, a smaller waist, larger breasts and who was better looking, something that Tina realized happened quite a bit more than she liked to admit she would create a moment of random self-pity and then          would attempt to make a nonsensical comment such as “she was not a lesbian but.....”. That was Tina’s attempt to deflect from any possible hint of jealousy.  Then Tina would hesitate. She might pause indefinitely in an attempt to deflect from the previous comment’s awkward sexual overtones. Just In case someone thought that she actually was a lesbian. Which made her even more self-conscious of her looks.
 Tina knew that the next words out of her mouth had the power to change the rooms general perception of Her. In those general moments she learned to step back and give her next words a great deal of thought. And yet it never seemed to alleviate the apprehension of the moment. It was always in those moments that Tina would check out of the conversation. Or she’d just transition into a totally inappropriate topic like her female menstrual cycle. 
Tina’s mouth crested into an oval shape as the perfectly formed statuesque woman in Tina’s rented living room came to a complete halt at edge of Tina’s kitchen table. Her eyes stared wantingly at the soft curves of the models perfectly symmetrical body. She couldn’t help herself. The more she stared the less she seemed able to control the flood of jealousy that coursed through her veins.
How could she stop looking at the most perfectly formed body she had ever seen in her meager twenty plus year existence. It would have been more unnatural to not look than to stare incessantly at this woman’s magnificent body. She became so mesmerized that a single inaudible gasp left her disheveled lips. Tina found that she was unable to control her unconscious desire to examine every minute detail of the stranger’s body. Meanwhile, as if Tina was a spec of dirt on the ground, The young blonde seemed oblivious to Tina presence in the corner of the room. She seemed so unaware of her surroundings that she continued to jovially prance around the apartment in nothing more than her tight one peace G-string bikini. 
The singular thought that preoccupied Tina’s mind at that moment was the abject hope that the ravenously exquisite woman dancing in front of her held at least one physical flaw. Possibly some runaway cellulite or maybe just the smallest crevice that would eventually be the start of a wrinkle. Tina’s slowly formed a smile as the image of a wrinkle and cellulite ran thru her brain. She held out hope that maybe there was some grotesquely out of place hair in an obscure part of the woman’s body that turned a perfect piece of skin into a disgusting body part. The possibility of an errant leg hair or sickly armpit hair raised Tina’s spirits. 
Instead after a rather quick and somewhat distant examination of the young half naked woman’s body.  Tina could find nothing. Not a mole. Not a runaway hair. Not even a tattoo with the name of her ex-boyfriend Frank that had been added during an all-night drunken coming of age party with her girlfriends. Something Tina knew about all too well. 
Tina’s eyes darted back and forth as she continuously scanned hidden areas that were less than obvious to the untrained female eye. Was it possible that this woman who seemed utterly flawless possibly had a nipple that was skewed in the wrong direction. Or a birthmark. Could her ass be loaded with silicon? The light wasn’t good in the room and after last night Tina’s vision was less than 2040. The vision her doctor had claimed she now had. 
After what seemed like an hour of examining the woman’s body from across the apartment, a realization hit Tina. She might well be staring at the perfect body. But Tina wasn’t the kind of person to hypothesize. She needed to be 100% positive. As a result, she reached for her bifocals. She needed to examine the areas that were not easily visible to the naked eye. Her bad eyes and overpriced far sighted glasses were finally going to pay off. After a minute of minutely rescanning every part of the woman’s breast from across the room, Tina realized that her inability to find a flaw in the woman’s chest area may have been exaggerated by the case of snopps still making its way thru Tina’s digestive system. The tall Norwegian blonde and Tina emphasized the word blonde as the tall good-looking woman continued to stroll by Tina oblivious to the fact that she was sitting on the couch.  
A sudden burst of light broke thru the curtain.  Lighting the entire living room. The woman’s body glistened as the morning sunlight fell on the slightly sweat stained curvatures of the woman’s back and perfectly symmetrical stomach. Tina felt a tinge of self-consciousness at the obliqueness of her own body. Her breasts weren’t nearly as round or nearly as symmetrical as the woman’s standing in front her. But Jesus whose were. That was Tina’s consolation. The last few years hadn’t been kind to Tina. By her early twenties she’d put on a few extra pounds. Tina carried a small amount of baby fat which she liked to point out she put on after college. She wasn’t sure why that was important, but it was. The harsh truth which she would never admit was that her stomach was shaped more like a watermelon than the ironing board stomach she’d convinced herself she’d owned before her college years. 
Tina looked up as the tall Norwegian walked back from the living room into the kitchen. Feeling her jealousy turn into a momentary touch of resentment, Tina dug her cold brown eyes into the woman’s overly curvaceous body. The nerve of this woman prancing around the apartment with no clothes on. She must have heard the crunch of Tina’s celery sticks and yet she pretended that Tina was nothing more than the peace of furniture that Tina was resting on. Tina starred insatiably as the woman opened the refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of unopened 2 percent milk. She had just purchased the milk yesterday with the scraps of her tiny paycheck. 
The tall blonde reached for the unopened cereal sitting on top of the refrigerator. She ripped open the cardboard seal exposing the plastic bag holding the vacuum-packed cornflakes. The model despite her slender frame was extremely fit but wasn’t exceptionally strong. She grabbed both sides of the vacuum-packed plastic bag and started to pull. After five seconds of using all the brute force strength she was able muster she suddenly stopped pulling. The somewhat dazed model looked as if the light switch in her brain had just turned on. Not a common occurrence in the modeling community. 
The woman set the bag of cereal on the counter lifted her hand and with a closed fist and the help of gravity hit the bag with the full force of her petite hand. The bag burst open scattering cereal across the kitchen table. The Norwegian blonde whose exceptional beauty and Nordic figure had catapulted her into the position of one the top supermodels in the world ignored the pile of cereal that now lay scattered across the hard-wooden table. She peeled back the edges of the milk carton. Exposing the creamy white substance permeating inside the milk carton. 
After taking a moment to recuperate from the less than tedious task at hand, she took her thumb and index finger and placed them perpendicularly along the finely tuned edges of the manufactured cardboard. With a sudden sharp push, the supermodel popped the edges of the milk carton open. Splattering tiny drops of milk onto the tables finely grained surface. 
The tall vivacious blonde model who had suddenly found her second wind started to twirl her hair in a circular motion with her left hand and with her right hand simultaneously started pouring the milk into Tina’s grandmother’s nineteen century porcelain bowl. A bowl which had been left on the counter by Tina to use with her store-bought cereal and milk. The half-naked woman continued pouring the cold placid milk into the bowl which splattered tiny droplets of milk on to her uncovered chest. Momentarily turning both of her breasts a milky white color. The white milky residue would stay on her chest until the heat trapped inside the apartment evaporated the small white dots covering the supermodels uncovered upper body. Which due to the Apartments temperature happened almost immediately. The milk which continued to gush out of the milk carton pushed the cereal above the bowl at which point the young woman jerked the carton into an upright position hoping to avoid a liquid disaster. The tall voluptuous blonde then picked up the plastic bag and in one swift motion dumped half of the bags remaining contents onto the surface of the finely contoured hard wooden table. This caused a portion of the cereal whose bag now had a large gaping hole to randomly splatter onto the kitchen table. The force of the new cornflake’s momentum pushed several corn flakes onto the floor. The model grabbed Tina’s grandmother’s several Queen Mary antique ornamental spoons. The spoons had been sitting behind a large store-bought cabinet with a three foot by three-foot glass panel.
With the grace of a ballerina, the semi-conscious young woman dropped the spoon into the small porcelain bowl creating a hallow thunk sound that reverberated across the tiny apartment. The heavily inebriated woman then began to slowly lean back on Tina’s grandmothers undersized wooden antique chair exposing a region of her body that Tina wouldn’t have been caught dead showing her boyfriend on their first anniversary let alone a perfect stranger. 
Tina now understood why her parents had told her that it was always better to store family heirlooms in a safe place than to leave them at the mercy of perfect strangers. Especially when your guests are under the age of 25 or over the age of 85. Although Tina had to admit she had never had a guest over the age of 85 in her dwelling.
The bowl and chair had been a gift from her recently deceased grandmother. Now Tina stared ominously as the half-naked nearly perfectly sculpted model sat in her living room orally defecating all over her family heirlooms. To make matters worse, the model was very close to splitting the small antique chair that had been used to rear three generations of Clucker women. The fable told to Tina by her great Aunt Virginia who had a penchant for stretching the truth, was that the chair had originally come off of the Mayflower. Which her mother confirmed by showing Tina the store-bought receipt. MayFlower grocers. 
The young blonde looked up and glared at Tina. Which kind of frightened her. Oddly enough however the supermodel was not actually staring at Tina but rather at the mirror positioned directly above Tina’s head. The young Nordic woman in a drunk haze glared at the image not of Tina but at the image of herself. Her twenty-five years which in dog and modeling years were quite old hadn’t diminished her vanity. A vanity that Tina surmised was well earned.
The extremely attractive woman had graced the cover of every fashion magazine in the world just four years ago. Like an aging beauty whose looks had faded, it was hard for her to let go of the past now that her best years had passed. 
On Tina’s best day she could hope to have breasts a third as perky, lips a quarter as plush and hair a tenth as translucent as the attractive supermodel who sat spread eagle on her kitchen table. Tina might not be able to match her looks or body or wealth or fame or status, but she had something the woman would never have. Pride. 
Tina attempted to match the woman’s stare with a cold hard grimace that would have peeled the skin off an onion. The young dazed model stared back a second time      but again not at Tina but rather at the mirror situated slightly above Tina’s head. The woman began to adjust her hair and pulled a tin of lipstick from her G-string. Thus, following the model credo “always be prepared”. Which also happened to be the boy scout credo. 
Rather than match Tina’s stare which she hadn’t seen the model shut her eyes and fell asleep. The young woman awoke within a minute. Looked around obliviously and smiled. “Power nap” she blurted out to no one in particular. Then she stopped suddenly and looked down. “Oh my God. I’m sweating.” She’d had just dreamt that a large pear-shaped rabbit had stared angrily at her from across the room while she was fixing her hair. The sound of the frightful animals’ celery sticks still sat in the back of her mind. 
As Tina’s stare hardened. the blue eyed blonde continued to lean back on Tina’s grandmother’s chair. Her legs were now spread eagle on the kitchen table with the weight of her body pushing the limits of the chairs resolve.  The model continued plowing corn flakes into her mouth. She felt a sudden deluge of hunger coarse thru her well-toned body. The young model began to rhythmically chew each spoonful of corn flakes savoring each bite like it was her last. 
After several minutes of using her molars to mill down the lightly sweetened cereal, the cathartic beauty closed her eyes and leaned far enough back on Tina’s antique chair to strain the wooden legs to their capacity. The slow cracking sound of antique wood shot rhythmically across the room. The sound was accompanied by the short chirping sound of human exhaust. The brazenness that the woman exhibited left Tina in a state of abject confusion and spontaneous fury. Tina didn’t have time to contemplate either sound. The odor from the supermodels well-proportioned glutes slowly moved in Tina’s direction to the chagrin of Tina’s pudgy yet attentive nose. 
The sudden crack of the antique chair combined with the fluid sound of carbon dioxide exiting the model’s anal region caused the five-foot ten-inch blond to awaken out of her short slumber. Startled by the sound of her own exhaust, the ethnic Norwegian beauty grabbed the thin plastic bag of cereal. She shot a cold hard stare at Tina whom she suddenly realized was sitting in the corner of the room. The young beauty hadn’t realized that the gaseous odor careening into her nostrils was of her own making.
 In one fluid motion the tall lanky female tilted her head backwards like a sea lion angling for the sun’s precious rays and proceeded to swallow the remaining corn flakes. The partially naked woman finished eating her cereal. Savoring each morsel. She glanced around the room. Forgetting Tina was in the room the oblivious woman proceeded to burp. 
The model then put the lip of the milk carton onto her plush collagen infused lips and chugged the remaining quarter of a gallon of milk.  She continued chugging until the sound of milk flowing continuously from the milk carton finally stopped. The milk left a thin white line of milk on her perfectly symmetrical upper lip. The tall picturesque blonde concluded the morning feast by belching. 
Feeling fully satisfied with her morning’s work she fell back into a deep slumber. It was at that moment that Tina decided she’d seen all she wanted to see. Tina determinedly made her way to the voluptuous woman who sat spread eagle on Tina’s grandmother’s undersized chair. Her feet rested on the large wooden table in the center of the kitchen. Her head and wavy blonde hair rested lazily on the crust of the tilted antique chair.  
          As Tina approached, the stunning woman began to open her eyes. The slits of her eyes barely opened as the young woman began snoring. Only the noise that made its way out of the young woman’s clogged nasal passages was a snort followed by a short cackle. Tina’s footsteps had awoken the young woman. She suddenly awoke and shot an irritated glance at Tina for a few errant seconds. Tina froze. The model fell asleep a second time only this time the long-legged blonde fell face down in a pile of loose cornflakes and a river of two percent milk.  
        As Tina moved closer to the young woman, her face suddenly became strikingly familiar. The light from the small apartment had been almost nonexistent until now. As a result, Tina hadn’t had a chance to look at the young lady sprawled topless on her table. She had been so preoccupied with the woman’s oblivious destruction of her cereal and family heirlooms that she’d forgotten the golden rule of journalism. Pay attention. 
        It really wasn’t much of a golden rule but nevertheless it was useful for most things in life. Useless meetings crossing the street. Anything that included a vehicle or an attractive male. But she found the golden rule useless when it came to her mother. 
        The closer Tina moved towards the young woman the more recognizable the face lying on her kitchen table became. Holy ?)$&&$ Tina murmured under her breath as if she had suddenly been hit by a life altering realization. Like most young girls Tina had spent her youth browsing fashion magazines looking for beauty tips. By her early twenties there were three models who had graced the cover of every teenage fashion magazine in the country. At this moment, one of those three women sat in her rented kitchen nook half naked. Without makeup she was not easily recognizable. Without clothes she was distracting and somewhat mesmerizing. Tina couldn’t help but look at the young woman’s barbies. A childhood word she used to describe her breasts. 
She quickly glanced at the woman’s barbie’s and then back at her partially crumbling queen Mary family heirloom or as Tina’s mother called it the world’s largest tourist trap souvenir. That was what her mother called any vacation that included a large useless monument with any sort of adjacent gift shop. 
Tina stared blankly at the woman’s barbies. The feeling that ran thru her was comparable to the first time she’d visited the Grand Canyon. The world’s largest tourist trap according to her mother. Her mother became far more subdued once she discovered entry was free. 
Tina’s reaction was a mixture of shock and awe. She looked at the woman and began to obsess over the lack of congruity of her own barbie’s. It wasn’t just that her barbies didn’t have the same firmness or size or atrophy. It was that this model’s barbies were perfect in every sense of the word. She hated to say it but there was not a single flaw or mark on the woman’s body. It was almost as if she’d been airbrushed before she entered the living room.
Tina was tired but not so tired that the magnitude of this particular moment passed her by. Tina bent down and slowly stretched her neck like a crane until her face was close enough to the woman’s barbie’s that she could see the dimples on the side of her chest. Tina moved her head within two inches of the unconscious woman’s flawless body. “Unbelievable”, Tina whispered to herself as she used her right hand to grab her own sagging less than perky barbie’s. Tina’s barbie’s fell flat in her pudgy hands. They suddenly felt saggy and extremely droopy. 
It wasn’t that they were small. On the contrary. If you were to weigh them. They’d weigh the same size as a melon. And not just any melon. Not the smaller Pecos melons in south Texas or the large watermelons that sat in most grocery store bins. Her barbies were sized similar to a California cantaloupe. Tina’s problem wasn’t the weight of her melons but rather the shape of her melons. 
Unlike the woman lying unconscious on her kitchen table, Tina’s barbies were pear shaped. To Tina’s chagrin they were not even shaped like the same pear. One was more the shape of a Bosc pear and the other was shaped like a Bartlett pear. Sure, to the untrained eye there was no difference. But to someone who was an expert in fine fruits there was an obvious difference. 
Tina had spent endless nights obsessing about the size, shape and dimensions of her two Barbie’s. Her obsession started with her first love Bobby Harrison who also happened to be her first boyfriend. During the summer of her senior year, Bobby had been making mad passionate love to her Bartlett pear shaped Barbie in the back of her VW rabbit. In a sudden fit of fear, he ran screaming out of her car. 
It had left a scar so deep in Tina that she’d spent the last seven years checking her barbie’s weekly. A ritual which led to a monthly doctor visit. Even her doctor who was female noticed that her left breast was shaped like a pear. More precisely a Bartlett pear. It was marginally thicker at the bottom and thinner and oval shaped at the top. This created an overt symmetry issue. 
To add to Tina’s already burgeoning misery, her right breast was shaped like a Bosc pear. It might seem like a small difference to the untrained eye, but it had kept Tina from walking naked in a woman’s room for years. Unlike the first breast, it too was round at the base but unlike the other thicker more contoured barbie, it was straight all the way to the nipple. 
Even today seven years later Tina feared that she might find herself in the throes of passion only to have her lover flee in horror from her VW rabbit. Which was quite unfortunate since the truth regarding Bobby Harrison had been a little more complicated. It was true that initially he had found it peculiar that one breast was round at the top where the other was straight. But he grew to enjoy the uniqueness of each breast. 
The other three girls that he had known intimately while dating Tina had the same sized barbies. It had become a monotonous task for a master numismatic like himself to stare at the same non unique object night after night. He might never have paid attention to the boring congruity of the other girl’s barbies had he not met Tina.
It was true that Bobby and his friends did call her homologous behind her back, but the truth was that Bobby enjoyed the uniqueness of each oddly contoured barbie. Barbie was a term he’d found odd but had picked up from Tina in high school.
  Bobby’s coin and baseball card collection was something he would never admit to having to his friends. He didn’t want to be made fun of for being a nerd which he was in his youth.  However, that didn’t stop the good young numismatic from realizing even at his young tender age the uniqueness and rarity of the two-pear shaped barbie’s he feasted on weekly. In Tina’s barbie’s, Bobby had found a collectible that was undeniably priceless. 
The real reason that Bobby had fled Tina’s vehicle seven years ago was not the uniqueness or lack of symmetry in Tina’s barbie’s but rather his own personal phobia. Bobby had one major fear in his life. Spiders. It was a fear he’d never shared with. But if Bobby were to see a spider at any point during the day. It would send him into a cathartic like state for the rest of the day. He became despondent.
 As the spider approached it seemed to grow in size. What had started out as a quarter inch spider turned into a three-inch spider. From there Bobby’s imagination took over. The beady little eyes increased the closer the spider got. Until Bobby could no longer stand it. He released himself from Tina’s nipple. Bobby grabbed his pants and quickly bolted out of the front door of the vehicle. 
As Bobby walked and then sprinted down the street, Tina stared in horror as her nipple hung out with Bobby Harrison’s faded red teeth marks still lingering. Her shock had suddenly stopped as she felt a pinch on her right open Bartlett pear shaped barbie. She looked down and saw a spider the size of the end of her fingernail on her barbie. Tina squashed the bug. 
“Bet that’ll hurt tomorrow”, she thought as she put back on her shirt. That would be the last time she’d make out with Bobby Harrison in the back of her VW rabbit. His fear of arachnids would lead to her not showing a man her barbies for the remainder of high school and half of college. When in a vehicle with a man her palms would sweat and her upper lip would start to perspirate.
 She began taking a taxi on her dates to avoid being alone with her date on the off chance that he would try to get to second base. Not a rare occurrence in college.     
Tina stared at the Mount Olympus of barbie’s sitting in her living room. It brought back all of her preteen insecurities and unrealistic expectations. But Tina just couldn’t help herself. She bent down to get a better look. 
For a brief moment, she felt like an archeologist excavating a great pharos tomb. She scanned the upper then the lower section of the woman’s barbie’s looking for the slightest incision. Unlike her own barbie’s, the nipples were evenly proportioned all the way to the top of the barbie. The nipples were the size of quarters. Exactly the same size to a 1/100th of an inch. She used a ruler to verify the exact length. No birthmarks. Not a scar or even a bump. She’d used an ice cube to measure the skin’s reaction.
Tina was a journalist. Maybe not the best journalist but good enough to know when something was off. There is no way these things are this perfect she thought to herself. Tina grabbed her phone and turned on the cameras back light. She slowly crawled underneath the wooden table to get a clearer look. The need to find an imperfection was now Tina’s obsession. She shined the light up towards the model’s barbie and then back down simultaneously rotating the phone in a circular motion. Not a single incision or even a tiny dimple. Tina moved as far under the table as she could get in order to enhance her view.
 Tina scanned every inch of the supermodel as the young woman continued snoring. With her head lying sideways her breathing had created a ripple that parted the milk momentarily when she exhaled and re-solidified once she inhaled. Tina was about to walk away and let the three-time supermodel of the year waddle in her milk pond but something inside her just wouldn’t let her need to find an imperfection go. Some might call it journalistic curiosity. Others might call it stupidity but either way the drive that had made Tina Minnesota’s top free paper journalist took over. 
Tina refocused her phone on the supermodel’s upper body. She moved the phone vertically then perpendicularly. Her eyes strained to catch every inch of the young model’s body as she moved the phone forward and then backward in one fluid motion. Tina rotated the camera back towards the young woman’s barbie’s as she the constant sound of heavy breathing rhythmically reverberated across the room.
Meanwhile, two percent milk moving fluidly across the top of the table.  Tina could feel her ocular nerves strain as she zeroed in on the curves around the woman’s titular area. Examining every inch of cold hard flesh. Tina’s eyes began to telescopically examine the epidermis surrounding the woman’s corrugated phalanges. 
The sleeping woman’s left barbie sat ostentatiously next to the thawing carton of milk. There was no way those things were real she continued to murmur to herself. The words kept ringing narcissistically in Tina’s ear even as the voluptuous model continued snoring. The left nipple seemed to perk up as the milk flowed under the woman’s barbie. Tina walked to the refrigerator. She grabbed a single ice cube out of the ice cube tray.
Tina bent down slowly in front of the woman and watched as the long-legged beauty lay in two percent milk. She was unconscious and in a deep slumber occasionally snorting.  
Tina held the ice cube gently in her right hand and moved her hand slowly towards the model’s chest. She gently cupped the woman’s right barbie with the palm of her hand. “Wow” she exclaimed. So, this is what a perfect barbie feels like. She’d never felt another woman’s barbie. It wasn’t that she was gay or anything like that. It was just well.... The thought trailed off as she tightened the grip on the woman’s barbie which just moments before had been jiggling aimlessly across her living room. Tiny milk bumps formed around the model’s right chest cavity. Creating row after row of tiny dots around her nipple. 
As if god herself had reached down from the sky and smacked Tina in the head, an epiphany suddenly came to Tina. This was Sue Taylor. An American modeling icon. She was holding Sue Taylor’s boob in her right hand. Her grip tightened. She wondered if she could Sue would sign her 1997 Marie Eclair magazine. 
The sudden pain that shot thru Sue’s brain caused her to open her eyes.  She opened her eyes and stared in horror as Tina who had for no apparent reason turned an angry bright red as her grip around the supermodels right barbie tightened. 
Sue Taylor might not be Wonder Woman but she had learned to defend herself. Her seven years of hot yoga and fifteen years of Pilates training suddenly took over. 
Sue lifted her right hand and hit Tina with her open palm. Tina fell backwards a full five feet away from where she was currently standing and landed placidly on her gluteus maximus. The last thing Tina saw before she passed out on the cold wooden floor were Sue Taylors barbie’s racing rhythmically towards her. Sue quickly ran across the apartment to confront her barbie assailant. Cornflakes and milk flew in every direction. Beads of Milk soared off the young models long blonde hair cascading harmlessly onto the hard wood floor. The rhythmic sound of milk gently pulsating onto the kitchen floor in conjunction with the thud from the athletic supermodels’ feet scurrying across the living room might have frightened a wide-awake Tina. Fortunately for Tina she was out cold on the floor.
Tina awoke to the cold wet sensation of two percent milk seeping into the crevices of her eyelids and her half-opened mouth. She gasped as the milk fell into the back of her throat. Tina quickly opened her eyes. She wiped the milk from the crevices of her bloodshot eyes. As she awoke from her momentary slumber, Tina found herself staring at the supermodel’s grandiose chest. She watched as the supermodels mouth moved up and down. Words were leaving the woman’s mouth but Tina heard nothing. 
The heaving created a rhythmic almost Baywatch type jostling. It took a full minute for Tina to gather herself as the woman kept blubbering on. Still seemingly oblivious to Tina’s. The tall half naked Norwegian seemed to be apologizing. Tina could tell this was happening because the model’s hands conveyed that message while moving rhythmically up and down. Her chest followed a similar pattern.
Tina made out the words” I’m sorry” and “Mike told me you might be” and then the supermodel paused for several seconds unsure of what to say next while she attempted to find the least offensive way of expressing the defeated adversary’s sexual preference. She settled on a hand gesture. She began twisting her hand back and forth with her palm open facing Tina. Sue was hoping to convey her meaning in the least offense and confrontational way possible. It had been a last second judgement call. Sue had intended to say gay but thought better of it. She’d made the mistake of using the terms African American and oriental once in an interview and spent a week apologizing for something, she didn’t feel was offensive. She wasn’t Oriental or African American, but she felt she knew what it was like to be a minority. After all she was a blonde. Most people really don’t know what it’s like to have people make blonde jokes behind your back.  What she never really understood was why black people wanted to be called black but Asian Americans were offended if you called them yellow. After asking that question out loud in a taped telephone interview, her publicist told her not to discuss race. As a result, the 3 r’s had become a central part of every Sue Taylor interview. Before she discussed “sensitive subjects” such as the 3 r’s religion race and politics her publicist had to be in the room. 
She explained her thought process to her fellow supermodels and the consensus was that her idea was brilliant. However, when she told anyone else about the 3 r’s they tended to break out in a fit of laughter. Sue decided that it was easier to avoid having a conversation about the 3 r’s outside of her close circle of friends. 
The supermodel stared at Tina as the short somewhat chunky young woman lay on the wooden floor designed to mimic an eighteenth century rustic European hardwood. If Sue had learned anything from modeling, it was when it was time to exit stage left. 
Sue looked around the room and grabbed a faded shirt sitting on the crappy old wooden chair she’d almost fallen off of five minutes earlier. “God this apartment needs new furniture, bowls and cutlery”, she thought. “It looks like my grandmother’s kitchen”. Sue smiled, “I can remodel this place after I marry Mike”.
 Sue slowly wiggled her way into the disgusting oversized t- shirt laying on the decrepit old chair. Sue stared at worn out T-shirt and smiled. It must be Mike’s she mused as she held her nose to the cotton T-shirt hoping to get a final whiff of mike’s manly aroma before leaving the apartment. The shirt smelled like lilac, lavender disgusting scent of an unnamed female body part. Sue grabbed the dish sitting on the table and through it on the floor. She raged as she left the room. Her future husband had worn some other woman’s T-shirt. 
Tina sat on the floor staring at the ceiling. What the hell just happened. She looked up as the supermodel walked out the door with her favorite t-shirt after breaking her favorite antique bowl.
Tina moved into her new apartment a few months ago.  She found she was looking forward to the move. Tina had spent the last few years chasing men she knew were no good for her. Meeting Mike had been a refreshing change.      
Tina’s first impression of her new roommate was... She hated to use the word “grotesque“ but that was the first word that rolled off her tongue when she described Mike. That obviously hadn’t been a fair characterization. Mike was a big burly guy with a belly that ran several a full foot past his pants and belt. He looked more like a pizza delivery driver who couldn’t stop eating the merchandise than the man who had just climaxed one of the top three supermodels in the free world. If there was a human Mount Everest and a study in it was Mike. 
In Tina’s short time in her apartment, she had come to the conclusion that Mike would probably chase her around the apartment like a puppy dog. Her recent boyfriends had been more Baskerville hound than puppy dog. She was looking forward to having someone chase her around the apartment. She giggled whenever the thought crossed her mind. Mike seemed to be a good guy. He was a large burly man. Easy going. Nothing particularly exceptional or noticeable about him other than his large Santa Claus sized beer belly. During their first meeting Tina believed that in three months Mike would be trying to “sneak a peak” at her well-proportioned full-sized body as she performed daily tasks like dressing undressing showering etc. Tina thought about how she would entertain the large burly man by slowly removing each piece of clothing one erotic layer at a time.  Tina would then flash her body at Mike as he became aroused at the sight of her captivating body. She giggled whenever the thought crossed her mind. Which was usually when she was in the shower staring at her majestic body. Tina would move her towel over her oval sized belly. Wiggle her hips and then realize that she needed to lose weight. 
Tina made the decision last week to lose weight. She’d start by cutting down on hamburgers. But the word hamburger was starting to make her hungry.
 She moved the towel around her 36-inch waist. Wiggling from side to side as beads of water shot across the bathroom. Tina daydreamed of the moment as if she were in a commercial. She thought about how she would entertain the large burly man by slowly removing each piece of clothing one erotic layer at a time.  Tina would then bare her loins to Mike as he became aroused at the mere sight of her decadent curves. Tina laughed to herself at the thought of being the “hot girl”. 
It took Mike three weeks from the day of her move in to pass by her door. As was the case every night for the past two weeks, her door was wide open. Tina stood silently in front of her mirror staring blankly at her image.  
It was midafternoon when Mike decided to check on Tina. He wanted to see how his new roommate was doing after three weeks of apartment living. Mike turned the corner in anticipation. When he moved thru the door to her room, Mike stopped and slowly stared at the dark shadow in front him.  He looked at the dark interior of the opaque room and the oval shaped silhouette that lurked in the back of the room. Tina stood in the darkness of the room while the lights flickered. It was actually kind of scary. Like something out of a Friday the 14th movie. 
Mike tried to put on his best smile as Tina turned to face him. Her full 200 plus pound frame followed his eyes. The initial anticipation of seeing his new roommate turned into a mild case of shock and slowly morphed into fear. Mike tried intensely to hide the look of disgust that was suddenly visible on his face.  As Tina turned his head towards him, he managed to fake a halfhearted grin. Tina saw the smirk and then the manufactured smile and lost control of her already diminishing self-control. “Really” was the word that shot out of her mouth in a loud booming voice. Fortunately, the words that she wanted to use never left her mouth. “You fat burly pizza delivering gorilla.” “Your judging me.” She thought to herself. Mike didn’t hear Tina because he was sliding the last morsel of mozzarella into his mouth.
It had been eight long years since her cheerleader glory days at The Valley high school. For some reason the school was a place where kids still used words like rad and cool. It was a throwback to the 1980’s. The school itself had lived in a retro era of nostalgia since the 1980s. Big hair, goth and heavy metal outfits could still be seen in its hallowed hallways. 
Tina hated to say it, but she was thrilled to move out of her closet sized apartment and move in with Mike. It had been quite some time since a male over the age of 3 year had taken an interest in her. The thought of being the object of Mike’s attention made her blush. The thought of him skulking outside her room sent the blood rushing thru her loins. Tina fully expected a ravenously excited Mike to linger outside her door. Pretending to do something exciting like “watch television” or to call one of those “so called friends” Mike had talked so much about, but which Tina had never heard or seen. Her fantasy lasted a week after she moved in. 
Tina sat in a slumped fetal position staring aimlessly out the back of Mikes apartment. Tina’s hope that the puppy dog of a man would start sniffing around her bedroom hadn’t come to fruition. She initially chalked it up to shyness. After all he was a large overweight man who probably found it hard to talk to someone as attractive as her. She couldn’t blame him. After all, how could a man that looked like Mike resist a woman that looked like her. She had said that as she stared down at her protruding belly. The thought excited her as she moved her hands slowly from her breasts to her waist. She knew she was no longer a beauty queen, but she had to be at least as attractive as the women Mike had dated. Unless in a drunken stupor some poor attractive woman gave poor Mike a pity ..... Something Tina knew all too well. She’d received a few of those herself.
It had been obvious to Tina that Mike was a man who had very little experience with women. In order to ensure that the poor guy didn’t trip over himself when he walked by her room, Tina left her door slightly open. When She heard the creak of Mikes footsteps in the evening as he walked slowly and silently by her room Tina made sure to put on a show for her new roommate. She slowly removed her top like the women of late-night erotic movies she watched when she could still afford premium programming. Every night at the same time Tina would leave her door ajar. A little wider every night. Every night she’d stare at an empty doorway.  She had hoped to recoil in feigned shock at the site of Mike. Mike always walked past her room hoping to not disturb her as he made his way to the living room to watch television. Mike would fall fast asleep after an hour and a half of women’s rugby. He’d lie there snoring with his hands cradled between his stomach and night pants. 
Mike for obvious reasons had never even come remotely close to lingering outside of Tina’s door. Tina had grown so frustrated with Mike’s lack of attentiveness that by the third week of living in his apartment she had begun to leave her door wide open while she undressed. She would at times stand naked inside her room peering out the door with a look of frustrated anticipation. Tina began to become mildly neurotic. How could a guy shaped like Mike take no notice of her exceptionally vibrant enticing body?
Tina paused and stared at her body in the mirror. Who could resist this she thought as she pushed out her large breasts and sucked in her protruding waist? Tina stared at the mirror across the room in self defiance. Not that long ago she had been a cheerleader she paused for a second. Sure, it was in junior high. The truth of the matter was that in her youth she had been very nimble. Tina had been an exceptional gymnast and her raw athleticism helped her make gymnastic regionals as well as the cheerleading squad despite getting 10 votes in a class of 500. The only person who earned less votes was Alex. The schools only male cheerleader. 
But having Mike, a guy who was horizontally the same width as he was vertically, take no notice of her was more than Tina could handle. Tina mentally ran thru her first meeting with Mike hoping to discover the true reason Mike took no interest in her. Mike had mentioned casually that he might have friends over from time to time. He had smiled at her as he said, “I want to make sure that you won’t feel uncomfortable in my condo.” But looking back at the conversation, it was the way he used the word “uncomfortable “that made her cringe. He really accentuated the “U” in uncomfortable. Almost like he was typing in ALL CAPS. She kept replaying the word in her head. UNCOMFORTABLE	. She repeated the word out loud. She didn’t want to read too much into the word, but she was beginning to feel uncomfortable thinking about the discussion. 
The thought of Mikes “friends” waddling around the apartment almost made her pass on rooming with Mike.  The low rent was just too good to pass up. After three weeks in her new digs no one stepped foot in their condo. She had started to think that Mikes friend network was a part of his overactive imagination. His use of the word “friends” made Tina laugh to herself. Tina began to feel sorry for the poor guy. 
Mike was gone almost every day and most nights during her first three weeks living in his quaint New York City condo. She had barely seen a bug in those first three weeks let alone Mike’s friends. One evening while she sat alone in the apartment it occurred to her. Oh my god. He doesn’t look at me with the door wide open. He doesn’t bring anyone over. How could she have been so stupid. She smiled “Of course.” He must be … and then she smiled as a wave of relief flooded over her. She let the thought trail off as she felt relief in her newfound discovery.
That was after week three. By Week four she met the Pavlachinko twins. Tina awoke at 3 a.m. to the sound of headboards banging in Mikes room. It kept her up until somewhere around 5 am in the morning. Her first thought was that Mike was doing what men do when their alone. She discovered this in her late teens when she walked in on her brother. His bed sheets were gyrating up and down. It scared the crap out of her. But the thought of Mike performing that same act suddenly aroused her. She realized that it had to be her that he was thinking about. That thought vanished at 5:15 A.M. 
That’s when Tina first saw the Pavlochinko twins. She had a hard time believing that the women exiting Mike’s room were the same women she’d heard the night before. At first, she thought Mike had hired a couple of ladies of the evening. But then she got a good look at them. The Pavlochinko twins were two of the top mixed double tennis players in the country. Blond haired, blue eyes and an unbelievable ability to return serve. 
It was just a little after five a.m. when the first twin slowly stumbled out of Mikes bedroom. She fell face first onto the hard wood floor. The twin was followed by her sister who stumbled out of the room and landed face first on her sister rear end. Tina stared at the women with limited clothing lying naked in a pile of human flesh in the middle of the living room. 
A rather large belching noise preceded a mundane exit from Mikes room. Mike slowly popped his head out the door. He looked around his room like a caged animal fleeing a half-opened cage. Seeing the twins lying in a large pile on his floor, Mike contemplated the benefits of leaving his room versus staying put. Mike decided he had no choice but to exit the room upon realizing he was late for work. He slowly made his way into the living room with his pants and shoes on, but he decided to not leave the upper part of his overworked body exposed to elements. A decision Tina wished Mike hadn’t made. 
Mikes devilish smile brimmed a bright white as he slowly made his way across the room. He looked warily at Tina and then stared at the young tennis stars lying on his living room floor. “Christ not again” he murmured as he lifted his T-shirt and began wiggling his oversized belly from side to side. Mike worked hard to squeeze his head and the top part of his chest into the faded undersized t-shirt. A shirt he had easily wiggled into when he purchased it twenty years ago. 
Putting on the T-shirt was now a daily ritual that had turned into a nearly impossible task. It was probably just vanity. Vanity had to be the reason he spent an extra ten minutes everyday wiggling into a T-shirt that was three sizes too small. Mike managed to pull the T-shirt over the top part of his belly without ripping the tightly bound shirt. It seemed for a brief moment that his undersized T might slide completely over his stomach. That fantasy didn’t last very long. Mike pulled hard on the T-shirt. Tina watched as Mike’s rather flabby arms made a Herculean attempt to strain into a muscle. The cotton ripped and created a mild shrill that echoed across the tiny apartment. 
Mike looked down at the floor and then up at Tina. Going to work he smiled half-heartedly as he continued walking with his ripped T-shirt flapping over his oversized belly.  Mike had to make a split-second decision. He’d always dreamt of becoming a bodybuilder. If he hadn’t been lazy or if he had the tiniest sliver of a muscle on his undertrained body, he might have been motivated to work out. But it was far too much work now. Fate had other plans for young Mike. A thought that lingered as he pulled a bag of smushed potato chips out of his back pocket. Maybe tomorrow he thought as he looked at the unused barbell lying under a small desk in the corner of the room. He’d had that same thought yesterday and the day before.
He looked down at the two girls lying on the floor. Then he looked at Tina. Can you let them out when they wake up, he murmured as he shook head? It would be easier beginning my workout than getting the two girls to leave, he thought. “I asked them to leave quietly.” He shrugged. Mike stood up-right with his ripped shirt exposing his belly and a single man boob. He raised his armpit to his nose. Mike performed a daily sniff ritual. Today’s ritual caused him to recoil. He needed a quick shower before he left for work, but he only had time for a quick splash of deodorant. Mike directed water directly to his unshaven face. He sniffed both his armpits a second time and cringed. He slowly inhaled the air around each armpit. Then he spread clear deodorant uniformly under each armpit. He followed the deodorant followed with a splash of aftershave and then a quick trip to the toilet. A large rumbling sound bellowed from the restroom. 
Mike decided to summon his superhuman strength for a final attempt at driving the remaining part of his T-shirt over his belly.  The sudden rush of adrenaline tore the T-shirt an additional two inches upward well past his naval cavity. Mike screamed “IRON MAN” but instantaneously realized that there were other people in the room. He looked around and realized that this was his opportunity to revive his manhood. To add his particular brand of testosterone to the room. 
With the weight of a sumo wrestler albeit a small sumo wrestler and the strength of a baby chimpanzee Mike growled and flexed his entire body. The sudden jolt of blood and cortisol to his circulatory system overextended his underused muscles and created a jolt of pain that ran down his back to his to his lower extremities. Mike strained his sciatic nerve. He held his back as he hobbled out the front door on his way to work. 
After the twin incident, Tina began to think that Mike might be independently wealthy but after going thru his desk drawers and rifling thru his financial statements, Tina realized that she had quite a bit more in savings than he did. Unless of course he had money hidden in some sort of offshore account or more realistically his couch. But Mike barely seemed capable of opening a domestic bank account let alone a foreign bank account. 
As the midday sun began to descend into Mikes apartment, Tina had an epiphany. She remembered that just two days prior when she had been digging thru mikes sock drawer, a daily ritual that occurred once Mike left for work. Tina had caught a glimpse of a highly suspicious bottle of pills next to a pair of cherry flavored licorice edible panties. Initially Tina thought the pills were aspirin since they were white and had the words aspirin emboldened on the label. But that was well before Tina’s epiphany. Tina had learned enough about scientific thinking in college that she began to realize the truth about Mike. She’d known guys like Mike throughout her life. They hid in the shadows and then slithered into the daylight. Tina watched enough dateline to know that behind every facade lied the truth and Tina had deduced Mike’s truth. It really hadn’t been that hard. The only way Mike could have this many woman coming in and out of his apartment was that he was a drug dealer or that he was. Ruffing them. He had relabeled his ruffles as aspirin. She wasn’t sure what a ruffle looked like, but it must look like aspirin since they were in a bottle of aspirin in Mikes drawer. There had been a guy in college she’d slept with whom she’d hoped no preyed had ruffled her. It was the only way she could explain how she’d ended up in his bed. 
The edible panties were her favorite flavor. A cherry flavored licorice with a tangy kick of lime. The smell made her weak in the knees. She needed to eat. She hadn’t eaten in an hour. The bold cherry odor slowly seeping thru the desk drawer created a physiological void that needed to be filled.  The smell of edible undies was daring her to open the drawer and wash them down with the bottle of apple cider in her refrigerator. The thought of a fruit rollup smorgasbord made her stomach curl up in tiny knots. She could hear the distant rumbling of her belly as it anguished for the fruit rollup in Mikes drawer. Tina looked at the clock on the wall. It was well past lunch. Tina’s gaze returned to the edible panties in the drawer. The panties were tempting no daring her to eat them. She knew what she had to do. 
Tina grabbed the fake bottle of aspirin. She slowly walked over to the make-shift wet bar and stared at the vintage 1984 Dom she’d been saving for her special occasion. The moment when her world would change. When the man of her dreams would sweep her off her feet and shed ride off into the sunset. Tina picked up the long-stemmed champagne glass sitting next to the bottle of champagne and pounded it onto the wet bar. The sound of glass reverberating on wood created a brief low-pitched echo. The glass hit the counter but didn’t break. Tina grabbed the cabinet drawer handle nearest her right arm and removed a corkscrew. She quickly inserted the solid steel tip into the lip of the lightly aged wood. Despite several failed attempts at pulling the finely contoured cork from the glass bottle, Tina was able to increase the Torque and pull the cork head out of the tip of the bottle. The sweet aromatic smell of acidic grapes and carbonated water flew out of the knock of the bottle. As the last drops of Champaign fell rhythmically into her mouth, Tina felt the saltwater from her ocular glands start to swell up around the corners of her eyes and even more surprisingly her armpits began to saturate with the mild aroma of feminine perspiration. Suddenly The tears began running down her mildly chubby cheeks. The sudden stream of water was followed by a slow dry heaving. The truth was that Tina had kept the bottle of champagne available for the day that her better half asked for her hand in marriage. If saving the bottle of champagne represented hope. Drinking the bottle of champagne represented a youthful resignation to the fact that hope was merely another four lettered word. Her sudden lack of hope was followed by a large milk laden cafe late. Tina picked the bottle up and bent her head back until she could feel the glass lip rubbing gently against the sides of her lower lip. The liquid started to flow down her gullet in a rhythmically fluid motion until the muscles in the back of her throat could no longer hold the sweet bubbly carbonation that made its way to the lining of her stomach. For what seemed like a lifetime Tina chugged half the bottle of her 1984 vintage Dom perigone. Memories of her past boyfriends flooded in like the bubbly Champaign lactating down the back of her throat. Tina realized that she was guzzling a bottle of Champaign that she could no more afford than the pair of Jimmy Cho’s the supermodel wore to Mikes apartment. Yet Tina couldn’t stop chugging the sweet nectar flowing from the finely contoured glass bottle. Not only did the fruity flavor pair well with her fruit rollup but it dulled the overwhelming sense of self-pity that had reared its ugly head over the last twenty-four hours. As the final drop of alcohol spilled out of the bottle of 100 plus dollar Champaign, Tina set the bottle on the table paused for just about eight seconds and let out a grandiose burp. She had suddenly found the previous night’s liquid courage and was hell bent on confronting her demons. 
Tina contemplated the symbolism that the champagne bottle represented in her life. Vaughn her first boyfriend had been a tall Norwegian who had moved to the US during his hyperactive teenage years in high school. His blonde locks, baby smooth face and ocean blue eyes had swept Tina and the rest of her school up in a sea of infatuation. Vaughn was the most sensitive, carefree and beautiful man she had ever met. For three years Tina had been in what she would describe as a fairytale relationship. Every day Tina felt the overwhelming excitement of returning from a long day at work to fall into his arms. The two had become closer than she’d ever been with anyone including her best friend. He had literally been the love of her life. That of course was until he slept with her best friend, ................................Francisco. 
That was when she made the decision to leave the Minneapolis star. Looking back at her time with Vaughn she realized that she had missed several red flags. First, Vaughn had been way too sensitive. Something she had overlooked because of her friendship with Francisco.  He smelled too good and was too well groomed all the time and he was way too good a listener.  Thinking about it Mike combed his hair way too many times and spent far too much time in the bathroom.  
Her relationship with Vaughn would ruin Tina for years. Every time she’d go out with a man, she would obsess over details that she had never payed attention to in the past. If a guy paid too much attention to personal appearance or if he was too good a listener, she’d quit answering his calls.  What Tina needed was a complete reboot. 
Tina had purchased the Champaign when she discovered a ring two sizes too large in Vaughn’s lockbox. It had taken her an hour and a half to pick the lockbox. She had assumed that Vaughn was going to have it refitted. It had taken her an additional two hours to open the box without destroying the packaging or the seal. 
Tina wanted to savor every moment of her future engagement. It was only after discovering what Tina thought was a love letter to her that she realized that Vaughn was planning on eloping with Francisco. A full month after a same sex marriage bill had passed in Denmark. They we’re going to make their relationship permanent. She didn’t know what else to call it. She had not only lost her boyfriend. She had lost her best friend. 
Three days after Vaughn left, Tina did something she’d never done before. She downed a bottle of jack and followed it with four beer chasers. Before that day, she would only down a half bottle of jack with a single beer chaser. That summer her boss went on an epic vacation to America’s largest tourist trap. The Grand Canyon. His fear of being overtaken by another editor helped make his decision to place a junior editor in charge of the Minnesotan, a free newspaper, a no brainer. Her boss left instructions to call him if any major issues arose knowing full well that there was no cell service in the Grand Canyon. 
At 1200 a.m. after Tina’s knock down drag out breakup, she wrote a scathing article detailing her ex-boyfriends’ gay escapades on a string of cocktail napkins. It took 22 napkins, 8 shots of jack, six cans of coke and 2 beer chasers to catapult her to the end of her diatribe. When Tina was finished, she bent down under the bar and threw up on the floor. Then she called her editor who was on vacation and left a message on his voicemail which directed her to contact the junior editor who was now in charge of the newspaper. At two am, just before closing time at the bar, Tina took pictures of the cocktail napkins and sent them to the junior editor. Had Tina not been s@#$faced. Had the managing editor not take a vacation. Had the junior editor not been a dimwit. Had Tina not downed 8 shots of jack and 2 beers, She wouldn’t have woken up to a salacious page 13 Minnesotan story titled “When your boyfriends queer.  The article not only went on to disparage her boyfriend but all gay men.   She managed to add every variant of man in a thirty-page story detailing not only her love life but the deviant nature of the “gay lifestyle”. The paper almost completed its monthly circulation without anyone taking notice of the article. 
Unfortunately for Tina, Francisco had become an avid reader of Minnesota's largest free paper due almost exclusively to his friendship with Tina. Four days after reading Tina’s article, Francisco and a group of his friends began protesting outside the paper. The other local media learned of Francisco’s protest and seizing the opportunity to bury their unknown rival some of Minnesota's largest papers interviewed him.  By three pm the next day the small crowd of four turned into the largest anti-discrimination rally in Minnesota's history. Tina’s editor was forced to ask for her resignation. 
When Tina interviewed at the NY daily planet she conveniently forgot to mention that she’d been fired from her previous job. Tina firmly believed that she didn’t need to mention her job termination to her new boss.  After all, in her mind it had been a mutual decision to change jobs.  Plus, she was in high demand. After her scathing article she’d gotten offers from papers like the New Republic and the far far far right. And despite all of her fame and fortune here she was a former runner up to the runner up to the best friend of the prom queen.
The first few weeks after discovering she was rooming with a sexual predator; she’d feared she might wake up naked and disheveled in his bed. Awakened by the hard heaving of a wild dog who hadn’t eaten for days ravaging his prey. Nothing turned out quite like she imagined. After finding mikes edible underwear, she ended up in the ER with the hives and a very bad rash in her mouth. The doctor prescribed a heavy dose of antibiotics that was given to her intravenously. Unfortunately, Tina was a journalist first. She couldn’t let it go. She did what any good investigative reporter would do. She went under cover, rogue, on the lamb. Tina used her skills to find his financial statements. Mike had a total of 650 dollars in his bank account and a 20 in his sock drawer. The more she thought about it, Tina realized he must be hiring girls of the evening. Streetwalkers. Escorts, Women of the night. 
Had she just moved in with a pimp or drug dealer. Tina spent most of her evenings searching the house for drugs and cash. It took over two hours for Tina to put holes in Mikes couch and sheetrock and then to seal those holes just like her father had shown her. She wasn’t sure why she poked holes in the couch and Sheetrock except that she’d watched a 50 50 special describing how drug dealers hid their drugs and money in sofa cushions and walls. The worst part of the whole ordeal was that Mike was having sex almost daily while she hadn’t had sex in so long that the 54 year old Greek vendor who whistled at her while she walked by his stand in the mornings and barely spoke a lick of English was beginning to look enticing. She kept thinking to herself how any of this could be happening. 
I’m barely 26. Tina did her best to hold back the tears that had built up for the past week. Tina kept her mind on the positive things in her life. She was young and well, she paused while contemplating that last thought, she was young and semi healthy.  The reality of her situation caused the tears to continue streaming down her cheeks. At that moment, Mike walked out of the bedroom with a slice of day-old pizza hanging from his mouth. Tomato sauce and cheese slowly dribbled down his “Studs do it better” t-shirt. Mike looked at his suddenly quiet home.  The house was a train wreck. Milk was splattered on the floors and caked on the walls. Tina was lying on the floor with her legs pointing vertically towards the ceiling. Her eyes were glazed over. Mike looked at the table where the attractive supermodel had just sat just 20 minutes ago. A bowl of cereal lay capsized on the table. A slow trickle of milk slowly pushed peace’s of corn flakes off of the table and onto the floor. Mike looked to the left and then to the right corner of the room. He slowly bent down and looked under the long window curtains which blocked the sun on the east side of the apartment. He took a deep breath. Exhaling only after verifying that the tall blonde had left the apartment. Then He looked at Tina. Sorry about the mess he muttered a second time in three weeks. That’s what happens when you have too much to drink. With his index finger he began making a circular motion around his temple. 
Tina felt a combination of repulsion and jealousy as a small piece of mozzarella fell on her leg. Mike leaned his head back to try and catch the second piece of cheese that had begun slowly sliding off of the partially burnt pizza crust. Tina stared as the cheese missed mikes mouth by an inch and landed squarely on the contoured hard wood floor. Mikes slowly bent down and grasped the small gooey piece of cheese that had created a small circular lump on the floor. Mike began to mouth the words C R A Z Y as he stared at the mess that had formed in his house just minutes earlier. Mike bent down and grabbed the small pile of mozzarella which had fallen next to his New York City waste laden Noke walking shoes.  He Flipped the Mozerella ball up in the air and waited in delicious anticipation as the cheese floated back to earth and into the back of his mouth. He had begun to blurt out Ten second rule when the taste of Clorox wood floor cleaner, fuzz and dirt began to burn the back of his mouth. Mike forgot he had done his monthly floor cleaning yesterday. He tried his cool hand duke Wink at Tina but instead felt the mozzarella regurgitate down his digestive system. Mike held his index finger up in the air as he’d did his best to digest the mozzarella without dry heaving it back up. 
Tina had never vomited in her mouth before, but the sight of Mike swallowing day old pizza and a mozzarella ball was a definite precursor to that possibility. The thought of urine and poop stained mozzarella that had come off the streets of NYC made her overtly nauseous. It wasn’t just the pizza. The entire day began to make her feel sick to her stomach. Tina thought to herself this day couldn’t get any worse. 
Mike smiled at Tina. The kitchen table and chairs were sprinkled with milk and a heavy. Helping of cereal. He looked around and saw Tina’s grandmothers 18th century chair. Mike walked over and sat in the chair that was obviously a full size too small for his large frame. As Mike fell backward into Tina’s chair, he heard a large crack. Mike immediately attempted to rise up out of the chair. His large frame attempted to adjust to the sudden collapse of the small chair. What might have been a small break in the chair had Mike been a normal sized man turned into the complete disaster. The full weight of his 330-pound frame came crashing down on Tina’s Antique chair. The final crack split the chair at the main support. Simultaneously breaking the wooden legs and seat, the quick crack of aged wood reverberated off of both walls of the quaint apartment. Tina felt the shock of the entire day fall heavily on her slumped shoulders. Tears began to flow down her cheeks like a leaky faucet. She got up off the floor and made her way to the kitchen. Tina opened the drawer next to the dishwasher and grabbed a corkscrew.  She drove the corkscrew into the heavily aged cork. Tina pulled hard on the corkscrew handle until she heard a loud pop from the cork releasing gases from the circular lip of the champagne bottle. She looked down and saw a hole in the middle of the cork where a shimmer of wood used to reside. It was enough of a gap to allow the bubbly champagne to corset through the finely aged ridges of finely cut wood. Tina tilted her head back and let the mildly sour carbonated liquid flow into her mouth. As the last drops of a nectar that was meant to be savored not gulped trickled down the back of her throat, she threw the bottle across the room. Tina proceeded to run to the apartment balcony and dive face first over the railings. It was no easy task for Tina. The railings were three foot high. Tears continued flowing down her cheek as she landed face first onto the grass. The dramatic exit might have left a large crowd of bystanders in shock had they not been on the first floor of a twenty-story condominium. 
Mike walked slowly to the woman he had met less than two months ago. He stood on the makeshift balcony and looked at Tina who was lying face down in the grass. He would have liked to say this was the first time a woman jumped from his first-floor balcony. It wasn’t even the second girl who spent time on the grass in front of his condominium. As mike stared at the young girl who inhabited his apartment, his mind began to wander. It did that from time to time and he wasn’t sure why. It seemed to occur at the oddest times.
Mike quickly ran through the list of women who had jumped from his balcony.  He quickly counted two supermodels an actress a pornstar and a girl he met at a bar. Mike thought she was the real deal. She was down to earth. Easy on the eyes and ears. But sometimes things just don’t work out. She’d become way to infatuated with Mike. Leaving little notes on the refrigerator. Doing his laundry. Well that was ok. 
He leaned down and helped Tina to her feet. Mike patted her on the top of her head.  “Look” Mike said as he stared sheepishly at Tina and pinched her on the cheek. I’m going to tell you a story. I don’t tell this story to many people he said as he looked away. Mike was lying he told anyone who would listen the story. Maybe that was why so women ended up on his front lawn. Mike stared at the mall that sat facing his apartment. It was in direct viewing distance of his Veranda. Mike bought his condo so he could remember some of the better times in his life. Mike looked precociously at the sky. He’d been thinking about something. Oh yeah. Mike looked at Tina.  He slowly began to speak. “It might be surprising to you, but I haven’t always been the man you see here today.” He spread his arms out vertically as far away from his body as he was physically able to. He then began to slowly wiggle as he shut his eyes. Mike put his hands on the sides of his chest and moved them vertically down his body until he couldn’t extend them any further. Adding emphasis to his last statement he opened his eyes and stared blankly into the sky. Just like the statue of Apollo he’d seen on PBS three nights ago. Mike was tempted to move his arms in a lightning bolt pose but thought better of it. He wanted to let Tina know the gravity of the situation. Tina had stopped crying and seemed on the verge of laughing but instead she just stared blankly at Mike. Mike looked down at Tina with a serious almost solemn expression. He slowly put his hand on Tina’s cheek. For a moment he felt like Jesus. He was tempted to bless her but again he thought better of it.  I didn’t always have the Cush job I have today.  Mike smiled gently at Tina as he moved his hand away from Tina’s cheek not wanting to linger too long to avoid the pervert Label. A label he knew was hard to kick. Mike realized as a teenager well into his twenties that women let good looking men like him get away with things that larger more obtuse men (another word for fat) would be vilified for. That included simple things like waving at a young single woman’s kid. On the other hand, Mike found that attractive men Could stand idlily and inattentively by as young woman basically threw themselves and their kids at them. Just because Mike fell into the former category, didn’t mean that he wanted to exploit his overtly good looks while Tina was in such a vulnerable position. Mike looked at Tina and began to tell a story. He called it a rags to riches story of the ages. Mike stared upward at the sky or in his case his ten foot high ceiling. I used to work as a security guard in the mall. He stopped a second time and stared obliquely at the distant sun and raised his eyebrows to add flair to the statement he had just made. Which of course would be the least important part of his story. Mike looked down and saw a piece of pepperoni lying on the floor. Hold on he interrupted himself as he grabbed the pepperoni and proceeded to swallow it hole. 
Mike looked at Tina who had begun convulsing. Where was I. Oh yeah. I was the man.  He smiled as if for a brief moment he was able to relive a small moment of his youth. In the year of our lord. 1992 or 1994.  I worked for Green Acres. It was the place to be. If you lived in the tri-state area and needed a scarf or a shirt or a pretzel. You went to Green Acres. 1994 also happened to be the year of the greatest Robbery in Green Acres history. The perps he paused and looked at Tina. That’s police speak for perpetrator stole 243 dollar’s worth Of New Zealand lambskin wool socks. Mike squinted as if he were in a Clint Westwood movie. He was about to spit until he realized he had cleaned the living room yesterday. 
The guard, a rather large man, chased the robber into the parking lot where a getaway car was waiting for him. The security expert proceeded to tackle the man and with his one free hand ripped open the passenger door and dragged the robber three hundred feet until he was able to subdue the driver. He was able to put a headlock on both men until the police arrived.  As a result of his heroics an award was named in his honor. Every year during orientation his heroics are relived thru wide eyed security trainees hoping to win 243 dollars and the Dick Dingleberry award. Named after the recipient. The record would hold for two years seven months and fourteen days. 
That’s when I met Booja. Her mother had named her Punja after the largest province in India in hopes of bringing good luck to her only daughter. But her name created resentment among her classmates. They’d tease her endlessly. She could still hear the laughter. Oh, it’s big province. There goes big province. She thinks she’s such a big province.  By the end of India’s equivalent of high school, she was more than ready to leave for the US.  
When she reached the US, she was desperate to take an American name. And so, she chose the name Booja. It sounded Indian with an American flair. Booja chose her name while she was working as a secretary at a small insurance company. She worked with a woman named Katherine. Booja knew next to no English when she entered the US. She got her job by applying thru a temp agency. Her first friend was Katherine. Who loved to talk and talk and talk?  Booja was the perfect friend for Katherine because she barely understood a word Katherine said. Katherine barely understood Booja but could be found rattling on while a blank staring Booja shook her head affirmatively. 
Katherine would share the most personal parts of her life. She’d worked in Booja’s job when she started. She’d come from a company where she’d risen to executive Vice President in charge of aggregate displacement. Basically, she got her nails done and showed up long enough to give the entire staff a laugh when their boss screamed at the top of his lungs at 1215 every afternoon. 
Katherines “job” lasted six months seven days and twenty-seven minutes. That’s when she awoke to the sound of a car crashing thru the front door of her luxury apartment. The apartment had been gifted to her from the husband of the woman who sat in her front living room. After a brief moment of introspection, she decided it was time to change jobs and apartments. The apartment part was rather easy. 
It was a month into Booja’s job when she decided that she needed a new name. On one Katherine’s three-hour talks Katherine somehow got on the subject of enhanced breasts and how men absolutely loved them. She told Punja that she should get her breasts enhanced and kept pointing at Punja’s lower clavicle. Then she’d use the words Boob Job. After three days of consistent reinforcement, Punja began to understand what Katrine wanted. She was trying to tell her that her name should be Boob job. The name seemed a little to American to Punja so she shortened it to Booja. And so, the newly minted American found a name that was less Apple Pie and the American flag. And more silicone enhancements and dance poles. 
Mike looked a Tina. I met Booja at the mall. She was the owner of a dollar store that did so little business Mike wondered how Booja made a living. To add insult to injury Booja constantly raised prices. Anyone who walked into Booja’s store would soon come to realize that a stick of gum was three dollars. A pint of milk was four dollars and that nothing in the store was actually dollar. But despite Boojas lack of sales her inventory kept decreasing. That’s when Booja called Mike.  Mike knew this was his opportunity to become a Legend. An opportunity this great only came around once every three to nine months. He had to grab the bull by the horns. He dreamed of interns touching the magic mike and grasping the award for top security specialist in a regional mall and in unison screaming his name as they pulled out their pepper spray which was used due to federal mall restrictions on weapons. 
Mike immediately began searching for the slug who was stealing from Booja. He imagined the hardened criminal would probably be a third strike candidate. Maybe A lifer parolee. Mike setup cameras throughout the store and put himself on 24-hour surveillance duty. He wouldn’t sleep until he found the perp. No one was going to take credit for his collar, and he made sure Booja knew it. 
Mike looked at Tina. Not the collar on your shirt. He put his hands on his waist. The police term for a hardened lowlife criminal, Mike said as he looked straight faced at Tina who was now laughing uncontrollably. I spent all night and every day watching the cameras and surveillance video. At a record 294 dollars of raw theft, I wasn’t going to let this golden opportunity pass me by. It could be anywhere from three to nine months before an opportunity of this magnitude fell into my lap again. At this point Tina was laughing so hard mucus began to intermittently flying out of her nostrils. After three months of surveillance, Mike stared hard at the floor, he looked up at Tina who was lying on her back dry heaving. 
I finally got a lead. And so, I began my surveillance of the perp. I caught the baby-faced hardened criminal with his crew. He made a classic criminal mistake. He got overconfident. He and his crew had gotten so sure of themselves that they stopped covering their tracks. It took me a while to piece together the crime. The theft began to be referred to as the crime of the century. Of course, that was only by me. The tall man was the getaway car driver. The woman was the lookout.  The mastermind and thief was a midget.  It took Mike three months to figure it out. His cameras had been aimed at a height of five feet. Day after day Mike stared at the camera. He saw the driver and the lookout. Day after day Booja’s inventory decreased. But Mike couldn’t figure out how the man and the woman were stealing the inventory. That was the day Mike saw a finger reach over the third shelf of candy bars directly in front of the cashier. He made the decision that broke the case wide open. He Lowered the cameras two feet. After three months of continuous surveillance mike began following the Group, he called the triad since there were three of them. 
Mike followed them home and began the stakeout. He pulled out the music he used on stakeouts. Music that increased his metabolism. His go to cd. Music from the good the bad and mike always forgot the last part of that. The music started dun dun dun pause dun dun. He put his hand on the pepper spray. He had the baby-faced midget right where he wanted him. He wasn’t sure if baby face his name for the midget, the driver and the lookout knew he was there.  They didn’t come out of their hideout for days. Then the lookout came out. She got into the car and drove off. Mike had a choice to make. Follow the lookout or stay with the perp and his driver. He decided to stay with the perp just in case babyface decided to make a run for it or hit another mall. After all the mall might double the bounty which would make him a legend. 
Mike walked slowly to the window of the one-story house. He pressed his face up against the window and stood in shock. The room he was looking at could only be called one thing. An artist’s haven.  He looked around the room. The walls were filled with artwork. Art supplies were littered across the room. Next to the art supplies were adult games. Mr. potatohead, LEGOLAND, an erector set. Squiggly lines with dots. The pictures were neuvo abstract modern. Extremely contemporary. Like Picasso this midget had a gift.  More importantly he was able to create his artwork with crayons magic markers and pencils. His masterpiece was in plain view on his wall. A pure abstract that left nothing to the imagination. Lines were drawn sequentially with dates and numbers next to them. 
Mike hadn’t figured out what the numbers meant but they were sequentially ordered with single digits to their right. Mike knew then he had his hands full. It must be some sort of numerical hieroglyphic acronym. This might be the most intelligent criminal mall organization he’d run into. He’d watched that bounty hunter show pooch the bounty guy and so he knew how to trap and capture the little perp. But he needed to separate the midget from his crew.  They stayed in their hideout for two days and three nights. And then the lookout left with the midget. Mike wasn’t sure if they were planning another mall hit when he saw the short man leave with a backpack. 
The lookout was now the driver. And she drove fast. He might have had a hard time keeping up with her had the stoplights not been timed. But the lookout drove thru a light and blew past several cars. The young blonde woman finally came to a stop at what looked like a prison. It was fenced in with two guards that moved the prisoners into the building. Most of the prisoners were short and most of the guards were tall. He had never been to a small person prison. 
Mike watched the small person for several days at the day prison until he hatched his plan. The tiny man went out twice a day once for lunch and once to exercise with the other riff raff. Mike had to come up with a highly organized plan to lure the midget away from the other convicts. Fortunately, the little man sat in the same spot every day. At 1200 o’clock the midget sat in his designated spot. Initially the tiny man didn’t look down, but 300 feet of string gave him quite a bit of leeway to capture the little man’s attention. With one large pull Mike pulled the rope and watched as the tiny man’s attention moved from a prison classic. Cool aid Chicken McNuggets and fries. 
Mike had to pull his string several times before the man saw Mikes decoy. A large snickers bar on the ground moving towards the fence. The tiny man bent down to pick it up. Only to watch it move forward a foot. As the bar moved toward the fence, the small man followed it like a hungry dog. Mike realized then that the con wasn’t all that bright. As he moved towards the candy bar it continued to move. Finally, the small man began running after it. 
Mike pulled vigorously until the tiny man reached the fence where Mike was hiding behind a sign.  He grabbed the man and shouted at the top of his lungs. I’m making a citizen’s arrest. The man started crying. Mike looked up and saw the prison guards running at full steam. Odd mike thought the guards weren’t carrying guns. He’d had eye surgery a few weeks ago and his vision was beginning to return. One of the guards had a pocket protector and the other was carrying books and a posterboard. 
Mike stuffed the midget into the back seat of his car as he kicked and screamed. He tied his hands to his feet and drove off just like he’d been taught at mall security camp. It took him five minutes to pull into the local Green Acres police station. By then an APB had been sent out to the entire department. Apparently stealing a con from a little person’s prison is a big deal. Mike drove his car to the local police station almost stopping at the donut shop realizing that more than likely half the police department was at the donut shop. But the police station was close, so he broke hard on the steps of the police station. 
It was definitely the place you didn’t want to be. He grabbed the midget and the mall tape. Mike looked at Tina. It’s a good thing I brought the tape. I threw the midget across the hard-cold floor. The police reacted in a way I could have never anticipated. They beat the hell out of me. Had a policeman not watched the video and realized I was a security guard in their line of business, I’d have been in big trouble.  They put handcuffs on me as the entire precinct watched the tape.  
As I sat there, I realized something. I’d made a mistake mike said sternly. It was a mistake anyone could have made. The midget was actually a kid. A very old looking kid. After I explained myself and the police watched the tape in its entirety the entire police department broke out in a fit of laughter. As it turns out the lookout and driver who were actually the kid’s parents declined to press charges. The midget, sorry kid was actually guilty of misdemeanor theft. However, with every dark moment comes a shimmer of light. I won the award for top security guard of the year. 
I looked forward to attending the annual top dog award ceremony and having my plaque engraved on the malls wall of fame. However, my supervisor gave me a piece of paper thanking me for my service and for the first time in the malls fifty-year history a name wouldn’t be added to the wall. They moved the ceremony to the malls parking garage and after the ceremony asked me to grab my stuff and leave.
 Mike looked at Tina. And there’s the silver lining. That’s how I moved into this profession. 
The recorder clicked off. 

Jason stared aimlessly out the frame glassed window. He had that blank teenage stare that fell somewhere between confusion and boredom. Jason’s teacher Laurie had just left the classroom. He reached deep into his pocket and pulled out his pen knife. A multi-use pocketknife with three blades and a host of other neat gadgets. Jason slowly released the dull rusty blade from its inner casing. Once the blade was fully extended, he began hacking out the words Friday the 13th onto his desk. Friday the 13th was Jason’s Christmas. 
He didn’t quite know the significance of today but for some reason on Friday the 13th his senses heightened. His world took on an entirely new meaning. Jason stared at the small desk and pasty teenage girl sitting in front of him whose head kept spinning. He took a deep breath held it for what seemed like a full minute and exhaled. His state appointed psychiatrist had taught him to do that whenever he felt angry. 
Jason like most of the kids in reform school had trouble controlling his anger. He’d spent three long months in reform school. Jason was the closest thing to normal in the school. Jason’s court appointed shrink told him that the other kids might be awed by his ability to function in the real world. The school was littered with special needs kids who couldn’t adjust to normal society.  Regan sitting directly in front of him was a perfect example. It hadn’t taken long for Jason to grow tired of listening to Regan drone on and on. Beelzebub this Beelzebub that. No one could get the girl to shut up. His buddy Mike had tried really hard. Day after day she spewed some antiquated Latin language that no one understood. 
The only thing that made her interesting to Mike was the fact that she was double jointed. Every day on the hour Regan would spin her head around several times and speak in tongues. She was like a possessed wind up doll.
Mike, Jason’s new best bud was far less tolerant than he was. Her head spinning and cackling had finally sent Mike over the edge. He started chasing Reagan around the room with a pair of scissors.  Mike always seemed to come awfully close to stabbing her with the scissors but at the last second, she always managed to levitate just above Mike’s scissors. As she levitated, her eyes would turn a dark pale grey color. All the while Regan would continue babbling on in pig Latin. Her body would retract and begin gyrating. 
Just when it looked like everything returned back to normal Regan would spew the morning’s oatmeal across the room. You would think the cafeteria would stop serving her oatmeal since they had to clean up her mess. She almost always missed Mike and Jason and hit Norman. This time however Regan hit Jason directly in the face. He had been daydreaming about their teacher Laurie. 
It was moments like this that Jason missed his parent’s lake house. Every summer since he was twelve young teenage girls from the city would show up at the lake house. A different set of girls every year. He made sure to get a lock of hair from each of them before they left since they never returned. 
After a couple of years, Jason decided to stop swimming in the lake since it had turned a dismal foggy reddish color. The geologists who showed up thought that it was due to the entrance of new red clay formations from the cliff on the other side of the lake. Jason was pretty sure it wasn’t related to the red clay formation. 
Norm tried not to smile. He wasn’t the kind of kid who liked to draw attention to himself. He was shy which helped him maintain his ranking as the top student in the special needs class. Norm was a docile boy who was picked on constantly. He was voted most likely to succeed because unlike the other kids in the class his family was successful. They owned the local motel. Norm stated the fact that when he grew up he wanted to run the motel with his mother. His father had mysteriously disappeared just before a huge feast years ago. 
Jason wasn’t the type to gossip but a few weeks ago he found Norm rocking back and forth in the men’s room wearing a wig and dress. He had a butcher knife in his hand and a look that made even Jason a little nervous. Norm began talking to him in a high-pitched female voice. Jason slapped him and told him to snap the $*$($;$ out of it. He knew that in a woke world that would in all likelihood get him cancelled but he just couldn’t help it. Other than that, one incident with Norm Jason never really had a problem with Norm. He’d dealt with kids like Norm before, so he made sure to never turned his back on him. 
People were complaining that their principal Hannibal would hire teachers for a semester and they’d mysteriously vanish without giving any notice. He claimed it was a cost savings move but most people believed principal Hannibal could only be around new blood or what he liked to call fresh meat for a year. 
Jason sat in the principal’s office for sticking a pencil up his nose during class. The pencil in his nose was what Laurie saw but in reality, Jason had stuck the pencil up Regan’s nose. He had to admit however that he was a little freaked out standing outside the principal’s office listening to principal Hannibal repeat the words Clarice, Clarice over and over again. That was the first weird vibe he’d gotten from principal Hannibal in his first three months. 
The second was that he seemed overly interested in his students. He was always wandering around measuring his student’s height and width. Last week, Jason watched the principal measure his fifth period teacher and then his refrigerator. It was stocked full of chicken. A delicacy that Hannibal loved and saved for himself. His eyes would roll up in the back of his head as he savored each bite. 
 Jason changed his mind about the principal when they went on a field trip to the meat processing plant and he got that same look in his eyes. He’d never heard anyone describe the meat packing process in such minute detail. That’s when Jason realized principal Hannibal’s true passion. He was a butcher at heart. Principal Hannibal was always eating chicken and his freezer always seemed to be fully stocked but much to Jason and the rest of the classes disdain he never shared any of his chicken with the rest of the class. His freezer was locked and impenetrable. Jason knew it was impenetrable because he tried to open it last week during lunch with bolt cutters and a sabre saw but didn’t have any luck.  
Jason wasn’t one to brag but he was quite the player in reform school. He never said anything about his exploits to Mike who seemed singularly obsessed with Laurie. Every week Jason listened to Mikes Incoherent moaning when Mike mentioned Laurie. Jason never told him anything about dating Regan since he had been on the down low. Jason dated Regan when he first started school before he knew she was absolutely bat shit crazy. When Mike first began seeing Regan, he heard her speaking pig Latin. Initially it was quite the attraction. Jason initially thought Regan was a foreign exchange student who spoke several different exotic languages. He also initially enjoyed the benefits of dating someone who was double jointed. Regan’s head spinning made her seem sophisticated plus she was the only girl he knew who could put her legs behind her back. 
Their relationship ended badly. Jason found that gibberish was only sexy at the beginning of a relationship. After a while it sounded less like a romantic foreign language and more like well…. gibberish. Plus, Regan turned out to be an attention seeker. She played the head spinning gimmick way too many times in order to get the classes attention. The eye color change was cute at first but gradually it just became freakish. 
It had taken Jason a while to break up with her since he didn’t want to ruin his reputation in a new school but after a month in reform school, he finally summoned up the nerve. She didn’t take it well. It took a full day for the janitorial staff to clean up the oatmeal strewn across the classroom walls. Jason had to admit he actually didn’t mind that she levitated periodically. He thought it was cool. He just found that like most teenagers he slowly lost interest. While the head spinning, and sudden body spasms had been fun at the beginning of the relationship. It slowly began to disgust him. 
The final straw came one night when she started using gibberish in a man’s voice. Jason told her that he just wasn’t into that #$);&;&;&;)$. But she just kept rattling on in a deep sensual masculine voice. That’s when he broke it off. 
Jason moved on quickly. He was lucky he had met the girl of his dreams. Carrie. Sure, everyone in class said she wasn’t in it for the right reasons. She was just using him for his lock picking ability. A trait he’d found useful when his parents had locked him to the bedpost at night. 
Jason was convinced that Carrie might be the one. He loved that both Carrie and her mother were very religious. Carrie would only have sex standing up or levitating above the bed while she recited scripture. He also liked that Carries mom was strict. Every weekend he had to pick the lock to her room to see her.  Then he would pick the locks to the chains around her wrists and ankles. She always drew Jason over to her house with promises to kill the chicken. That’s what she called sex. 
He began to wonder if she’d been spending too much time in the principal’s office and maybe she had a thing for DR Lecture. Every time at the moment of climax, Carrie would scream blessed be the virgin, the mother, the son and holy $’kfjfj. He didn’t want to repeat her exact words. And then, as if Carries mother had been watching her the entire time, she’d enter the room and scream "you heathen girl, you had better pray to Jesus." 
By his send month, the drama had become a bit too much for Jason to handle. He ended up really dodging a bullet with Carrie. It turned out that she was in reform school because she eliminated her entire class during prom. When they broke up the police were still looking for her. That might have freaked out a non-reform school preppy, but her gifts didn’t scare Jason. Most of his class had some sort of issue.
Norm had mommy issues and Mike had Laurie issues. On the upside, for some reason Dr Lecture was an attendee at Carries prom. After prom Dr Lecture stopped measuring students and teachers.  His refrigerator was stocked for over a year. As a matter of fact, he had to buy a new high-end refrigerator to stock all of the chicken he’d recently chicken. An added bonus was that the teachers he hired stayed a little longer.     
In the course of his relationship with Carrie, he met Nancy. She was the most normal girl Mike had ever met.  Light brown hair. A smile and baggy eyes that said I haven’t slept in a month. That was Nancy. Most boys in reform school, might have been bored with Nancy but Jason found her intriguing. 
Most of the class were unable to concentrate when they were around Dr Quinn the school shrink. She was in way over her head. The boys would discuss their sexual exploits in sharp detail with Dr Quinn. Mike would mumble incoherently that he was the size of a baseball bat. When she gave him a perplexed look, Mike tried to draw it on her whiteboard and spent the entire session playing pictogram. Dr Quinn was a tall blond with blue eyes and looks that made young men drool. Literally. Everyone except Norm exaggerated about their prowess and lied about the amount of sex they were having. Since most were having none exaggerating wasn’t a huge leap. This would lead Dr Quinn typically dove into a personal theory Freudian theory. She explained how according to Freud all sexual repression and exploits were a product of a desire to have sex with your mother. 
The sessions tended to thin out after the first meeting. Jason found it fascinating that Nancy was dating an old dude. Nancy told Jason that the guy was seeing her at night while she slept. Jason became suspicious that Nancy was falling for Freddy. Nancy drew a stencil of the guy. Boy was he ugly. That made Jason admire him more.  Nancy told Jason that she feared Freddy was becoming possessive and what might happen while she slept. He had to admit. He’d become enamored with Freddy himself. He tried to get into Nancy’s dreams to meet the guy but for some reason he wasn’t able to.
Nancy was so scared of what she might do that she shackled herself to the bed. It was at that point that Jason began to fall for Nancy. He became hyper aroused and refused to unlock her chains for over a week.  It turned out that Jason didn’t have to chain Nancy to the bed. She willingly locked herself to the bedpost every night. Their relationship ended badly. Nancy would wake up with foot long cuts all over her body. It looked like kinky dream sex with the old dude had gotten out of control. Jason finally cut her loose.
Mike was Jason’s best friend. He really wasn’t a bad looking guy. A few people called him a lady killer. As Mike saw it his biggest problem was that he had no social skills. He also had a glassy eyed stare. His stare made girls run in the other direction. The eight-inch bowie knife Mike carried with him didn’t help. Plus, mumbling and talking to yourself wouldn’t become a thing until 2019 when rappers and singers began substituting gibberish for lyrics. Mike was always on the cutting edge of new fashion and styles.
Mike and Jason hit it off almost immediately. The problem was that Mike was a troublemaker. Every school has a class clown and theirs was a short freckly redhead named Chucky. Chunky would make jokes about their teacher and the girls in the class but his favorite target was Mike. Unfortunately Mikes social skills were horrible. Chucky knew how to get under Mike’s skin. He laughed at Mike incessantly. Once Chucky started teasing Mike he wouldn’t stop. 
 Part of the problem was that Chucky’s imitation of Mike was spot on and funny as hell. Even Jason found himself laughing when Mike wasn’t paying attention. Unfortunately, Meyers didn’t have much of a sense of humor. At some point Chucky went too far. Mike had enough. He grabbed a pair of scissors from Laurie’s desk and cut Chucky’s head off. But that didn’t stop Chucky. He just kept laughing incessantly and making fun of Mike as his head rolled down the floor past Laurie’s desk. Meanwhile his lower extremities mimicked Mike’s walk. 
The next day Chucky came back into class with his head reattached like nothing had happened. He’d taped his head back on and was now wearing a pair of dark glasses. With the glasses his imitation of Mike got even funnier. He stumbled around the classroom holding a pair of scissors imitating Mike and mumbling to himself. The next day he came into class with a pair of sunglasses a leather jacket and a boom box. 
Mike had enough. He brought in an axe hid behind an early the next day and chopped Chucky’s body up. The following day Mike started mumbling incoherently and laughing with a psychotic distal laugh. He thought he’d finished off Chucky. He walked around the classroom attempting to mimic Chucky. It came off bad. 
Suddenly the door opened and a garbage bag moved slowly across the room. Chucky’s head popped out of the bag. His hands and legs followed. Chucky grabbed tape from the bag and slowly taped himself back together. Then he just started riding Mike endlessly. He made a joke about Mike’s face. Is that your face or did I just take a $($(&)#). He pulled down his pants and pointed his ##$$% at Mike. Then he laughed at Mike. “Where’s you momma she forgot to finish.” As he pointed at his $$%%^^^^&. Then Chucky put the icing on the cake. Anyone see my girlfriend Laurie. She told me she’d suck the %^&&&** out of my %^^&&&**. 
 Mikes role in the classroom was a bully. Once he lost his identity, he could no longer handle school. Pretty soon even the poltergeist girl was laughing at him from then television set. He finally just quit. Unfortunately, he had nowhere to go so he moved in with Laurie. Mike lived out of Laurie’s attic. Every night he’d sneak down to eat watermelon. Laurie bought a fresh watermelon every week. 
Unfortunately, one night he forgot to put the knife back and went to the restroom with the knife still in his hand. Laurie came into the kitchen just when Mike left the bathroom, he ran into her. The watermelon stains had soaked into his shirt. Mike had forgotten to let Laurie know he was living with her. 
Fortunately for Jason a guy from Texas moved into the area so he had a newest friend. This Texas kid must have been a tree cutter because he always had a chainsaw on him. He was in the work study program. A big Norwegian kid. He talked to Jason about wanting to learn a trade. He was similar to Mike in that he didn’t talk too much. That’s probably what Jason liked about the guy. 
To make extra money he cut trees for the school. Between cuts you could hear screaming and see girls running across the lawn followed by the sound of a load roaring chainsaw. Usually when the chainsaw stopped screaming would end. 
His new buddy was just a hillbilly who wore farm overalls to school. Normally kids would laugh at an outfit like that. Oddly enough however none ever made fun of him. At least not to his face. Jason just resigned himself to the fact his buddy’s style was that of a west Texas country boy. Gunner actually fit in with the rest of his class. Those years had been the best years of Jason’s life.
Where are they now - Nancy and Jason broke up after high school.  Freddy the old dude groomed her until she finally gave in. After that no one saw her again. She just vanished. It’s true what they say about love. It is truly ageless. Rumors spread every reunion that the two were living together on el street. But you know how reunions are. Chucky finally put his life back together peace by peace. He became a comedian at the local comedy club. Chucky paid some guy to hold him and move his lips while he used four letter words to describe, what chucky called, the @#$&& wipes in the audience. Professor Hannibal wrote a book about his youth which became a television series. On weekends during school dances, it was rumored that he could be seen sitting outside eating chicken with a star stuck look in his eyes reminiscing about the good old days. As for me I hung up my spurs a long time ago. The only memories of my past are the faces of women that still sit on my mantle. 
The time of the Jedi had ended. It had been two generations since the Jedi and more importantly young Luke Skywatcher roamed the galaxy. Young Jerry Skywatcher the great great great grandson of the infamous Luke Skywatcher clung to his books with his one free arm while other hand loosely gripped his light saber.  The light saber  had been a gift that had been handed down to him from his father, his father’s father and so on.  
As young Jerry walked down the hall a group of young men led by Dirk Vader jumped in front of him. They began laughing incessantly. Young Dirk commented, “There goes the Jedi Knight. Don’t hurt me with your little light saber young Jedi master.” The cackles lit up the hallway.  
Jerry’s hand began to tightened on the cold steel handle that had long ago lost its luster.  A beam of light started to luminate from his slightly rusted light saber.  Young Julie Lea started towards the infuriated young Skywatcher. A look of pity crossed her face. Jules voice rang out across the hallway. Chloe and Carrie the Phet twins turned their heads toward the young Jedi and his cousin. They had been waiting for their brother bubba who was a year older. 
Carrie snickered. “Leave the little Jedi alone before he trips over his tiny light saber.” Laughter could be heard echoing down the hallway.
Just a half an hour earlier young Jerry Skywatcher the great grandson of the nortorious Luke Skywatcher stood on Lea Lane while a contingent of the toughest kids in school rode their bikes up to him while their leader Dirk Vader the seventh jumped off his bike and told the young Jedi in a chromatic monotone voice that he would use his dark powers to kick Jerrys Rebel @&&@&&&. 
It was at that moment that the young Dark Lord reached back and hit Jerry square in the eye. A half an hour later, he could still feel the throbbing in his right eye. It really hadn’t hurt that much at the time, but he decided out of self-preservation that he’d put on a show. “Ohh the pain” Young Skywatcher screamed as he fell to the ground with his legs floundering in the air. Young Vader high fived his buddy and swaggered away.  
Jerry chuckled as he lowered his legs. “Pussy” he mumbled under his breath. It was at that moment that Jerry bounced off the ground onto his feet and brushed himself off. 
Jerry’s anger and tears began to well up inside him. As he turned on the magnet attached to his right wrist the light saber loosely clasped on his buckle flew into his hand. He turned on his light saber and began to throw it towards young Vader. At that moment, ob7 appeared before him. 
He could hear his great great great .... uncle. “Now is not the time Luke.” OB7’s voice rolled towards the young Jedi. His image levitated in front Jerry. Young Skywatcher pointed out that he was not Luke but rather the great great great great great great grandson of Luke Skywatcher. OB7 gave him a puzzled look. Oh, he paused. I must have had too much heavenly ale last night. He began to fade into the sunlight’s rays. 
Young Vader clocked him a second time and a third. Tommy Solo aka Tommy Two tones Solo the fifth tapped Vader on the shoulder. Yo “D” leave the kid alone. Vader flipped around and began to move his two fingers outward and then bring them back together. 
Solo laughed. The force hadn’t been used in six generations. But Tommy Solo couldn’t help himself. He grabbed his neck fell three steps backward and plummeted to the ground. He rolled side to side while Young Skywatcher started laughing. Jaba, Jerry’s best bud was standing on the top of the hill holding Jerry’s bike watching the spectacle in front of him. He only had one thing to say to young Jerry, “RUN”. 
Jaba was never one to hold back his emotions. Problem was he was much more of a talker than a fighter. As a result, the two of them always found themselves in a mess. Jaba came from a line of what he liked to call genetically big boned individuals. Four generations of Huts had to be airlifted from their beds in order to leave their house. 
Jaba was the first generation of Huts that could walk down the street. Even though technically he waddled. All thanks to the south planetary beach diet. Java’s parents were always making sure java ate a balanced diet. No live eel over three feet long. Two heads of lettuce every 5 hours and four loaves of bread a day. 
After all a growing boy has to eat. The huts had been fabulously wealthy during Vader I reign. There was always a need for black market goods. Supplying both sides of the war had made the huts a fortune and for two generations. After the truce the huts lived like kings. And then the money ran out. Thus, his parents were forced to buy a used dump truck and a forklift to get from place to place. 
Jaba however couldn’t control his temper. He would argue with anyone over anything. This time Jaba got into an argument with the Dark Knight. At the end of their argument Jaba ended the conversation by calling Dirk, Lord Vape because he could be seen coughing and wheezing into his black bong pipe respirator. 
Skywatcher and Jaba were spotted despite young Skywatcher’s attempt to use a Jedi mind trick on the idiot Vader. He realized that there had to be a certain minimum level of intelligence for the Jedi mind trick to work. As Vader made his way across scout leader Jacobs lawn, Skywatcher willed his bike between the two of them by using a Jedi trick called gravity as he through his bike and ran like hell. 
He had told Jaba to run and get the master lord Skywatcher. But Jaba was so large it took an hour for him to walk down the street. Vader’s underlords appeared out of nowhere. 
 Luke stood amongst a group of Dark underlords. Master Yoda made a special guest appearance. He gravitated above the young Skywatcher. Now is not the time. Young Skywatcher. Master Yoda began to speak with his Yugoslav accent.
Unfortunately, young Skywatcher couldn’t help himself. As the young Underlord's rode away he shouted I could have /()$$ his dark monochrome :$$@$)(. It had been just loud enough for the last Underlord to hear him. 
The king of the dipshits hit the breaks on his cruiser and told the young Jedi that if he opened his big fat Jedi mouth again he’d use the force to blacken his other eye. The young Jedi could no longer control himself. He willed the third bike to shoot a rock from its rear tire. The rock missed the Underlord but hit his best bud in the noggin. Young Skywatcher laughed insatiably. 
Jaba looked at the young Jedi. The young Jedi stared back and proceeded to bolt in the opposite direction. Lord Vape screamed as the duo jumped on their bikes and made their way back to the rebel hideout where Jaba’s mother had prepared a hot meal. She typically brought the young Jedi over to show her son Jaba that there was more food in the planetary universe than worm dogs on a bun. Jaba's favorite food which coincidentally was the only food he would eat regularly. 
Times were hard for the order of the Jedi. It had been a millennium since the Jedi and dark forces fought for control of the galaxy. After the ninth war Vader the sixth began to build an army of superhuman supernatural robots. The Great Darth Vader built an impenetrable army. He had begun his preparations for the final war. Then something happened that changed the course of rebel history. 
The great lord Vader ate a Vader pot pie. He named all food that came out of his kitchen Vader. Vader Mac and cheese. Vader eggs and bacon. The crust from his pie fell on the floor. What seemed like a misstep was actually the start of a global empire. Jengo Phet had been recording everything for space tube. A galactic online site. The dark lord wanted the Galaxy and especially the rebel forces to see the strength of his army. Vader had equipped every robot with the ability to fly. Which meant that the robots had jetpacks that used hypersonic propulsion to push and slow the automated robots on takeoff and landing. The engines also had the capability of pulling up within a certain weight limit any small items below it. In addition to fighting, they were trained to serve the original ORG Vader. 
When Jengo used his Tang space phone to share a video of Vader’s robots on space tube cleaning up the crust. Millions of galactic inhabitants began space tweeting. Asking the simple question, where they could purchase a space cleaning robot. 
Vader was nothing, if not a highly calculated underlord and businessman. His top aides told him there was a better way to take over the universe. They suggested he convert the robots into space cleaners. They could be taught to mop vacuum and wash dishes. Meanwhile Vader could run a seminar and title it something like “Planetary Greed is good.” 
After five years and 1 space centoid as a business owner, Money V formerly known as Lord Vader decided to call a truce. Not only because he was making more money than he knew what to do with but his he realized that if he continued using his death ray he would lose half a centoid worth of sales from every planet in the solar system. 
Vader was spending so much time running his new business that his death ray had become inaccurate. He could no longer spend the time needed to create an accurate planet blaster by berating his employees into working longer and harder. After five millennium of testing and splitting the same planet in half it had become so small that it was virtually impossible to use as a test. Plus he’d lost ten percent of his sales revenue.
When the civil war ended and both sides called a truce Vader decided to increase his market share by mass producing robots. Vader Inc built cleaning robots for the common man. Vader’s trademark black outfit became a household name thru extensive marketing. Vader and the two finger death grip became synonymous with cleaning supplies and automated vacuum cleaners.
Whereas the Vader Klan became a household name the Skywatcher klan took a completely different path after the war. The Vader’s used what the intergalactic police called dark cryptoid rocks from the sale of his Underlord space fleet and opened Vader robotics Inc LLC a limited liability corporation. It only took a few decades for Vader products to become a household name across the galaxy. The upgraded death star robot vacuum cleaner was a must have during Christmas. Mothers throughout the universe could be seen using the death grip at local PTA meetings. For ten years the all in one Vader sweeper was an intergalactic must have on the DeathStar.com website. 
The Vader Intergalactic conglomerate LLC started with housekeeping but moved into bar tending and then to spaceship automation. By the end of five generations the Vader name dominated every spaceship and planetary watering hole in the galaxy. 
The Skywatcher’s walked a different path. Jerry’s great, great, great, great, great grandfather Luke 1. Aka Luke Skywatcher "THE ORIGINAL ORG" bought a mountainous hillside villa with his share of the rebel inheritance. He could be seen moving rocks telepathically across Skywatcher Ranch well into his golden years. 
By the third generation of Skywatcher's the force had faded                                                   and was on the verge of becoming extinct. Luke’s kin had gone from moving mountainous boulders to bending spoons on the Ed Sullivan show. The next few generations of Skywatcher’s became gypsy’s who graced the cover of the National Inquisitor. Where they sat next to national space phenom’s like the porcupine man and three headed intergalactic bearded Martian lady.  The Skywatcher's had found a lifelong enemy in the great automated robot\magician CP17 Oh who worked tirelessly to expose the Skywatcher klans “fake magic”. He produced a 100/90 prime time special that showed how the Skywatcher’s were actually con artists perpetrating a fraud for personal self-gain. 
It was only a matter of time before the force went completely dormant.  As a result, the Sky watchers were forced to sell Skywatcher Ranch and begin panhandling on the streets of NYC. They learned three card monty and the shell game. 
The Skywatcher's now used multiple thin invisible strings to levitate objects during their magic shows and magnets to bend the spoons. 
Meanwhile Underlord and galactic president Vader ruled the galaxy without firing a shot.  The Skywatcher’s on the other hand became regulars on galaxy TV starring on shows like hoarders and locked up galactic addition. The galaxy loved to watch the fall of universes most celebrated family.
Dirk sat at his desk as it hovered above the room. His chair was made of Chewbaka mohair the finest animal hide that money could buy and silk from the caves of the garden of Titus. A silkworm colony on the planet Cashmere. He pointed his finger at his cd case floating above the holographic projectile five feet in front of him. D grumbled. His breathing and heart rate increased. He’d inherited his family’s respiratory ailments. The chromatic sound of air pushing its way out of his helmet echoed across the gold-plated awnings and porcelain pillars that made up his galactic space palace. Vader’s home had been built between the planet’s atmosphere and the galactic stratosphere. Clean filtered air ran through the entire house. 
The metallic discs that levitated in front of him were the only remnant of the dark ages left in the house. It was a collection of his storied ancestors' history. Labeled in chronological order. Video of how his family triumphed over the rebels and the riff raff of the galaxy. The disc floated into his holographic projector. The holographic video started. A long time ago in a galaxy far far away....

Julie sat at her regular watering hole waiting patiently for her boyfriend and her galactic mochi bubble tea to arrive. Her friend’s the Phot twins were on their way to pick her up for the orbital dance and gala. It was a once a year event held for the legends of the Dark wars. Lea’s family had been a part of every ball since it began. She looked around the chain store Space Tea as Dirk’s orbital space cruiser flew by the planetary chain bubble tea shop. 
Julie Lea had been dating Dirk since junior high. It was kind of cute in a stalky way how he was always keeping an 👁 on her. She looked across the room and saw a floating orbital muffin. It’s two eyes blinking as she drank her tea. 
Ahh the first sip was always the best. She watched as the Boba pellets crawled up her straw. Dirk might be filthy rich but he was a very lazy lover. His galactic robots did most of the work. Moving his hips forward and backward. At times while he slept. Dirk bought her orbit rings and Wookiee bags. 
She wore the finest planetary environmental certified silkworm dresses. She heard the term space silkworm daddy before but she felt giddy inside when she was with Dirk. It hadn’t stopped her from seeing Tommy however. The polar opposite of Dirk. He was Dirk’s right hand man. 
Where Dirk brought money and power with him, Tommy brought a certain let’s just say bad boy rebel vibe with him. He had bought her a keychain replica of the millennium falcon and a fresh scoop homemade ice cream liquor from the planet moron. She loved crawling into the back of Tommy’s millennium cruiser, holding his waist as he went into hyperdrive.  For some reason Julie always had this nagging urge to argue with him. Tommy always stayed very cool 😎 when talking about Dirk. He always said space bro’s before space hoes. They’d been as tight as friends could be. The two were stars on the galactic airball and gravitational space hockey teams. They both dated the Amidala sisters. Their Bronzed silken skin made them the most attractive women in the solar system. Floating silver hair and rotating chest plates. The girls were mesmerizing. 
Solo took the youngest Amidala back to his millennium flotilla. When the girl left his flotilla, her hair had turned the color of golden spacelight. It took two weeks for her to regain her natural color. 
The problem Lea had was Jerry. She wasn’t able to shake this odd brotherly feeling she had towards him. She couldn’t quite place the feeling. it was a deeper connection than she’d felt with anyone. Lea knew she had to be careful. If Dirk found her with another boy there was no telling what he’d do. 
Dirk found her staring at a picture of a Waterloo Calesian and proceeded to throw a fit that eventually ended with Dirk Vader destroying Waterloo Calesian orbital space cruiser. 
Lea’s halo time alarm went off. The words “It’s Solo time shot out of the halo alarm clock. Tommy appeared holographically in front of Lea. Yo Lea what’s the hang up. We still on for 4. Or what. Lea turned a bright red. Tommy stop it. You know the balls tonight. Dirks going to find out. Tommy laughed. Ok when your done playing with Vader I’ll be on the falcon. Tommy vanished. 
Her holographic ringtone began to chime. Dun dun dun dun dun dun. A dark helmet appeared in front of her. The voice was monotone. “Lea” the monotone voice boomed passed the holographic image. Then heavy breathing followed by a hacking cough. 
Lea grimaced. Are you vaping again. “Crap” thought Dirk she always seems to know what I‘m doing. 
As the galactic ball came to an end, young Sky watcher snuck into the ball. Dirk stared. Their letting rebel trash in now. Gypsy ditch diggers. He turned to complain to Lea, but she was gone. Dirk looked for Tommy, but he was nowhere to be found. 
When Dirk had a problem trusted one person. A local tv personality that knew how to find the truth. He picked up the phone and dialed. Is this Joey. “Yes” came a response from the other end of the line. This is Joey Checko.

“THE END”



