
In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 2
Home Sweet Home Invasion
Liam Gibbs


If you purchased this book without a cover, you should be aware that this book is stolen property. The Book Fraud Squad has issued reports of cover collectors in your neighborhood and neighborhoods like yours. To protect your books and their covers, I recommend the following: (1) line your house walls with garlic to repel cover thieves; (2) erect a great and mighty barrier around your library; (3) dig a moat at least eight feet deep surrounding your residence; (4) hire a dragon army to guard against intruders; and (5) trust no one. Only in this way will your books retain their covers and dignity.
The more you know…


IN A GALAXY FAR, FAR AWRY book 2: HOME SWEET HOME INVASION
Copyright (c) 2015 Liam Gibbs
All rights reserved.

Cover picture: Stanislav Leonov.
Cover art colors: Gleb Melnikov.
Cover adjustments: Maureen Gibbs.
Cover concept and design: Liam Gibbs.
Cover synonyms: canvas, guise, top, camouflage, shroud

This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission.
Unless you want to offer me a deal of some sort. A good one, though. I don't want your dad's disgusting old clothes from the attic. I don't care what wars he wore them in.

This book is a work of fiction. It's not even inspired by true events. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, incidents, holiday parades, false teeth, baseball stadiums, and corner stores either are the product of the author's immaturity or are used fictitiously. Any resemblances to actual persons, living or dead, events, locales, or giraffes is entirely coincidental. Cool, but coincidental. Contestants stay at the Royal Siesta Hotel by the Volcano.

ISBN 13: 978-0995964952
First printing: August 2015

{ PLOT DEVICE PUBLISHING }
Table of Contents May Explode if Exposed to Direct Sunlight
At the Front
Other Books in the Series
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Book 2: Home Sweet Home Invasion
Chapter One: Appropriation through Supercoolocity
Chapter Two: Memo to Staff—Be More Useful
Chapter Three: Really, Really, Really, Really—Really—Steamed
Chapter Four: It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time
Chapter Five: Sending an Idiot to Do a Moron's Job
Chapter Six: Outsmarted
Chapter Seven: Avoiding Dish Duty Like a Pro
Chapter Eight: Psychological Warfare
Chapter Nine: Chasing the Wild Geese
Chapter Ten: Like Talking in Sign Language to a Blind Person
Chapter Eleven: Needles in a Crocking Haystack
Chapter Twelve: Probably Should Have Updated That Will
Chapter Thirteen: Introductions All Around
Chapter Fourteen: And Now for Something Completely Different…
Chapter Fifteen: Raging Psychos
Chapter Sixteen: The Truth Is Out There
Chapter Seventeen: Overrated
Chapter Eighteen: Come Up With Your Own Stupid Chapter Title
Chapter Nineteen: Two-Headed Monsters Are Grouchy
Chapter Twenty: Anal Excavation
At the Back
Book 3, Chapter One: Squeezing Water from a Stone
Appendix: Species
Appendix: From Concept to Whatever This Thing Is: Car Alarm
About the Instigator
Connect with the Series
Available on the Author's Super-Awesome Site
This stupendous, amazing, spectacular, not-at-all-overhyped comedy/science-fiction series can be found in the following parts:

Book 1: Serial Fiction Sideshow
Book 2: Home Sweet Home Invasion
Book 3: Technophobia
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger
Book 5: The Genetic Equation
Book 6: Power Tool
Book 7: The Lesser of Two Egos
Book 8: Untitled of Attitude Adjustments
Book 9: Those We Left Behind
Book 10: Metaphor for Life
Book 11: Oh, Crock, Here Comes a Meteor!
Book 12: His Kingdom Come
Book 13: A Wolf in Sheep's Armor
Book 14: Man Versus Machine Part 1 of 1
Book 15: Our New Hiring Policy
Book 16: Life like Broken Glass
Book 17: The Church of Steeple
Book 18: Blood Bunny
Book 19: Disease of Behavior
Book 20: The Paper Tiger's Yardstick
Book 21: This One Has a Dancing Gibbon
Book 22: My Brother's Captor
Book 23: Marching Orders
Book 24: To Wake the Deactivated
Book 0: The Story So Far Vol. 1

Please visit the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy site for all these free e-books and more information.

Other Dissertations by the Author concerning the Socioeconomic Condition of Society
Maybe check out these other things 'cause they're superfine too!
Three Flash Fictions, available upon request from the author
Revenge skywriting, available among the clouds
Dedicated to...
…all y'all. But especially my wife, LeAnh, cuz she lets me get away with writing while she keeps salesmen at bay with a broom she lights on fire. This is also how she feeds the kids.
And to indoor plumbing. Love that stuff.
Acknowledgements
As with every author, I have a few shout-outs I need to make to people who helped bring my second baby to you guys. It was a colicky baby. Remember to feed it plenty of breast milk.
Some jobs are solo jobs, one-man armies doing what they do. That's never the case with a book. At least a good one. And I'd like to think this is a good one. So, in no specific order, I give a firm and awkwardly drawn-out handshake to…
…Matt Levesque. This is the guy at whom I can throw any written piece of junk and he'll help it look like classic literature. Hey, Matt, any time you want to hash out a few details over a game of Fluxx or Bang!, I'm game.
…Steve Baptista. Here's the man (more likely a robot) who helped me keep track of every detail of what happened previously. If a character suddenly drew a gun he shouldn't have or said something that contradicted previous material, Steve computed the error in his mainframe brain and spat out a solution. I swear I hear gears grind when he does that. Steve, I don't know how you do it, and sometimes how you do it scares me, but I'm glad you're on my side. Please don't exterminate the human race.
…Mark Nadon. Say hi to the person who pored over my jumbled mess of military knowledge and made it not only plausible but good storytelling. Mark, if not for you, my characters would probably still be shooting off in directions that don't make sense like a driving student who just confused the gas pedal for the brake. Ahhh, memories of my first cop chase.
…LeAnh Gibbs. Here's the woman who gave me the time to get this finished and polished in the first place. LeAnh, you held down the home front long enough for me to put this idea on computer paper and sweat over it for another dozen drafts.
…Andrew MacLellan. Thanks for being the—excuse the cliché—brother from another mother. Andrew, there's nothing else I can say about you that wouldn't further dilute that sentence. But it rhymes, so we'll always have that.
…Mo Gibbs. Hats off to you for helping to assemble the cover. Now readers can check the art out in awe without the bleed severing characters' body parts.
…Bernie Pallek. This is the dude who helped assemble the web site, make it more modern. Without you, Bernz, the site would still look like art someone's kid stuck to the fridge.
…my grandfather, William Gibbs. He's the one you get to thank/blame for this series. Without him, my hobby might have been hang gliding. That wouldn't have ended well but a stone cliff somewhere would have resembled a Rorschach blot.
…birds. You've never once splooged on my car, and I salute you for that. Wait, you did that one time. I'll look the other way.
Prologue
The previous book, Serial Fiction Sideshow, was something I wrote because I needed a break from writing mammoth, seven-hundred-page stories. That book was meant to be an introduction to the aforementioned mammoth stories. And that introduction was meant to end there. But it took a life of its own and became a reboot, replacing the original canon. We've covered this already.
And so here we are at book two. The previous book dealt with the characters more as regular civilians, not as hyperpeople. In this book, they come together as comic book caricatures, complete with media names (dual identities) and media outfits (costumes). This book really sets the character identities as hyperpeople (superheroes and supervillains).
As I said in the first book's "prologue," I had written a smattering of short stories to go with my novels. Serial Fiction Sideshow was originally one of those shorter stories, but it was almost three times as long as the next longest, which maxed out at forty pages. No big deal. Every anthology of short stories has one fat brother.
But I had so much fun writing that one—and it had such a different voice—that I wrote book two. And book two was longer than the first. And also better than that old canon.
So it was this book that finally drove the nail into the coffin of the old canon. This was the book that firmed in my head that this new canon was here to stay, that I had formally said goodbye to my two-and-a-half-books-with-a-smattering-of-short-stories series.
I hope you enjoy this one as much as the first. This was a real kicker to write.
Three bits of trivia. First: I don't remember why or when I decided Power Plant and Franchise should be friends. In the original canon, they barely interacted with each other. They might not have even met. I like the characters better this new way.
Second: this was Ace Spandex's debut, but I liked the character so much, I wanted him in the series from the start, so I added him into scenes from the first book. If his role in this book feels like an introduction, that's why.
Third: this book had several previous titles: Interplanetary Fender Bender, Like Hugging a Porcupine, and An Accident Waiting to Happen. I think Home Sweet Home Invasion sounds more exciting and would draw more readers in.
Enjoy, and I hope you join me again when the third book makes its appearance, hopefully in January 2016. You can preview it at the end of this book. Or wait it out. I'm not your boss.
Talk to you soon.

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 2
Home Sweet Home Invasion

Chapter One: Appropriation through Supercoolocity
October 29, 9109. 10:13 p.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
The space station was big. But was it big enough? Ah, that wouldn't matter once Master Asinine installed the radioactive thundermammal moat. Heh. A moat surrounding a space station. He'd have to give himself November's Employee of the Month award for concocting that idea. Funny how that would make him employee of the month sixteen times in a row.
Master Asinine had found this moon-sized space station abandoned, and he had decided he had to have it. From here, the Bad Guys would launch their assault on the Good Guys, crush them, and wrest control of this galaxy. How unstoppable this station would become, how destructive its flatulence. Was flatulence the right word? Didn't matter. Asinine found this station more than flatulent for his purposes.
The station had been vacated by Virillian scientists who had used it to study cancerous growths on asparagus or some such scientific money pit. The Bad Guys' head scientist, Brick, claimed it was the last of seventeen space stations used to terraform the planet Vesta into a habitable planet—a venture later deserted—but Brick was always long winded, so Asinine usually ignored him.
The station now sat lifelessly in space. It could escape Vesta's orbit and become a free-floating ball of Bad Guy destruction. But repositioning this monster was complicated: deorbiting was impossible without initiating separation procedures with Vesta so that Vesta's planetary mainframe could compensate for the lack of counterbalanced gravity. That would alert authorities of the station's unauthorized use before Asinine unveiled his Rampage-o-Tron. But Brick would handle that mundane detail. Brick specialized in mundanity. He also specialized in freaking Master Asinine out with seventeen-syllable words.
Master Asinine shuffled away from a few generics, the anonymous Bad Guy underlines all dressed in red, and made a panoramic scan and nodded approvingly at the bare room illuminated in sunlight that dazzled through the grime-smeared windows. Some of the Bad Guys stood around him in a semicircle, watching. Smelling faintly of the unwashed metal of the walls, the room had potential if not more layers of dust than a copy of Groovemaster's Master of Grooves album. This room could be so much: a briefing room, a sparring room, a monster truck arena.
Ooh. Trucks crossed with monsters. Duly noted.
The irresistible coolness of the space station caused Asinine's crooked smile to grow so wide it would leave stretch marks. He sensed promise here, which supercharged his blood with sweet adrenaline. Or that might have been his fifth coffee. "I like this place. I like it a lot. Let's take it. Lieutenant, this calls for a celebration. Pizza lunch for everybody."
The crowd of thirty murmured a hubbub of approval, and Lieutenant IQ 23 perked with life. "Good idea, sir. I'll see what toppings the generics want." Beside him, Braindead shuffled his weight.
Brick cleared his throat, which sounded like the rumbling of a thousand supercomputers determining what million-letter words to use for an otherwise simple statement. His every movement, his every sound in this room echoed hollowly.
Master Asinine rolled his eyes. "Brick, if you hadn't single-handedly installed solar panels on my even bigger solar panels, I would have fired you eons ago. What blither do you want to blather on about this time?"
He turned to the long-winded know-it-all and was presented with the scientist's seven-foot brownstone frame. Brick was a body of boxy bricks. A boxy upper torso connected boxy shoulders. Boxy arms had boxy hands that extended from boxy wrists  and ended in boxy fingers. Boxy legs met boxy knees supported on boxy feet. A boxy head with a boxy face controlled the boxy bulk that moved like a boxy box.
"Mr. Asinine," Brick said. He was as annoying as a jackhammer thundering between Asinine's ears. "May I aspire to verbalize a contention with the assertion on your conjecture concerning this orbital dwelling? We cannot merely appropriate this edifice for our assemblage in such a technique and comportment."
Master Asinine gagged with the urge to puke his cookie cake and vanilla custard all over Brick's feet. His stomach muscles churned bile, his brain shifting from neutral to impossible gears to vainly discern words from the turkey gobble Brick tried passing off as English. Asinine wished Brick would use vocabulary that had actually been invented.
Whatever Brick had ninnered, Asinine was going to assume it had something to do with snuffing out his fun. "Let me counter your conjecture of the appropriate assemblortment technique…contertion"—a deep breath—"whatever else you said. We found this space station. We're here. No one else is. Listen, I was talking with this old buddy of mine who says this guy he plays pinochle with has a sister who lives across from that guy who was in the Tremors remake with Kevin Bacon's clone, who used to work at a surveying station. Anyway, this surveying clone says nobody's used this place in years. So I call squatter's rights."
"You're calling squatter's rights on a crocking space station?" Schizophrenic's left head spat a single chuckle that echoed against the naked walls. A toothpick shifted around Lefty's lips. He snorted. "That's freaking rich."
"Shouldn't we be sitting to call squatter's rights?" Righty asked. "This can be my room. That wall is where I'll hang my poster of a wall." Schizophrenic's right hand pointed at a support beam. "Where's your room going to be?" he asked Lefty.
"Mr. Asinine," Brick said, "squatter's rights is what the common populace brands an urban myth." Naysaying. Always naysaying everything. Brick had become Asinine's most useless voice of reason. The day Asinine had found this killjoy at that mad scientists' convention had been a dark one. The madder the scientist, the more insistently that scientist would try to prove his confusing intellect.
Master Asinine stomped a foot on the steel floor. "What are you talking about? Squatter's rights is as real as Sasquatches. It's how I got my first house. It's also how I got into my first argument defending the existence of squatter's rights. Besides, this place has more offensive capabilities than I know how to operate: outer-mounted fusion cannons, laser arrays, a shark pit, a snake pit, a ball pit, a lazy Susan. Appetite, don't eat that. It's full of calories."
Appetite, the Bad Guy pet gargoyle, didn't flinch from the countertop it was using as a meal.
Brick stepped toward Asinine, his each stride a rocky slam with limbs clambering together. "Though this location's pursuits are forsaken, the denizens who retain its proprietorship may aspire to wrangle against you concerning the integrity of squatter's rights."
Master Asinine tossed a hand at the impossibility of such an event. "What, you think they'll take this place back? Bah. If they wrangle our integrity up, we'll just call squatter's rights on them."
"I fervidly offer counsel in disagreement to this methodology of electing our headquarters."
Master Asinine's face grew a scowl. His lower lip twitched, twitched again. His mouth shaped the beginnings of many inadequate, unspoken words. He spun around at IQ 23. "Lieutenant, what the hoohah is that jabberwocky jabbering about?"
"He doesn't think taking this station is a good idea, sir."
"It's the perfect idea!" Master Asinine spun at Brick. "It's the most perfectest idea I've had since my idea of colonizing our water supply with Sea-Monkeys. You can't beat this place. It has squash courts."
Brick raised his hands, fingers spread. He shrugged his Mount Rushmore shoulders. "Will any technique of oration deter you from this proposal?"
Asinine crossed his arms. "No, you can't have the rest of my gravy hoagie. For no one steals the hoagie of royalty. Some have called me mad. Some have called me dangerous. Some have called me Thelma, which is weird since that's not even a boy's name. But be forewarned: those same people will soon call me ruler of the galaxy. I will be King Thelma!"
"What a freaking brain-bomb," Lefty grumbled.
"But I promise you this. Now that we have this station, nothing will stand in our way. Those Good Guys are as good as toast." Asinine clutched the air, his back arched and his fingers lifted in a malicious grasp for the stars. "As sure as my name is Thelma, we will obliterate Legion and the Good Guys! And now I could go for a good slice of toast."
Lieutenant IQ 23 raised a finger: hold on. The gabber nestled inside his ear had extended a mouthpiece and earpiece around his head. "Sir, I just got a buzz from your automated mailbox. Your Masters of the Universe toy set has arrived."
Asinine's head jerked to IQ 23. "How many times must I tell you? They're not toys. They're miniature people simulations!"
Chapter Two: Memo to Staff—Be More Useful
Legion sat down in the desk chair in his office. Though this space station's construction was still ongoing, the station had become habitable in mid-August, and the Good Guys had moved in already. But Legion's office was not yet completed, so he used this cramped storage area as his temporary office. Perfect—once he cleared the rat traps out. And the rats they didn't trap.
His weight deflated the chair's padding with a soft sshhh. He pinched the space between his eyes almost hard enough to squeeze his skin off. Lowensland was hatching more schemes, schemes Legion now had to unhatch. This newest scheme, one that could dismantle the Good Guys and ensure Lowensland would win the battle for this galaxy, was the acquisition of a space station through less-than-upstanding means. But, then again, that was how Lowensland acquired everything from weaponry to the little nametag he wore that read, "Hello, My Name is Master Asinine, and I'll Be Your Waiter for This Evening—Suck Hot Lead and Try Our Soup of the Day." Legion wanted to pluck his own eyes out if it meant never seeing that villain again. He thought of the times they'd served together, the times they'd relaxed together. To think Legion and that subcreature had actually been friends! He longed to spit on those memories, scour them out with jagged metal.
The words of his superior, Patton, haunted him: "Control your anger." Fine. He was already attending therapy sessions—for real this time, no fudged records—so he was learning how. And the sessions were helping. He no longer suffered flashbacks of his old friend Sopher's death at the hands of Lowensland, but in his head he still heard that fateful gunshot bark all the time.
Alaphus, his deity, would help him control his anger. Alaphus always helped. Legion caught the necklace that dangled at his breastbone, felt the bullet hole that gored the cross. The hole winked at him in the light as if to reassure him. Or taunt him. Legion never had figured out what brass was thinking.
Now, where was that mission briefing datasheet, the one that detailed the unhatching procedure for Lowensland's newest scheme? He never found any datasheets he wanted. They always sank into the ocean of paper-thin datasheets spread across his desk in tidal waves that had long since meshed. That ocean now stretched to his desk's edges, covering the desktop computer. Legion skimmed a hand over the flood and nearly knocked back a gabber and a coupon for one free wallop, courtesy of Power Plant. He located the proper datasheet drowning in the ocean's undertow, its red tint signaling that it was deactivated. It drifted toward the desk's edge, but Legion saved it from its suicidal dive. Now he had to hand it to its mission's field agents.
He leaned forward to address the station's voice-input system, the haunt control, thus named because it made everything seem haunted. "Control, acknowledge." He supported his forehead with his hand, an elbow on the datasheets. Now he had to use the storage room's haunt control listener. It was antiquated junk serving only as ionizer dust. But an l‑intercom was his only alternative, and the thought of using any unholy latent technology zapped his heart with thousands of rippling volts. His faulty listener was still better than the dangerous l‑tech that sponsors wanted to install on the space station, affectionately renamed Station One. L‑tech stored objects in computer memory, but he didn't trust it. Easily corrupted memory could cause nuclear-level explosions or object blending—an l‑chair could suddenly reappear with a thundermammal attached. He could one day get swallowed just for sitting. He shivered at the thought of having to use l‑tech.
Since becoming damaged during Station One's construction, the listener routinely garbled even the clearest commands. Its sentence-comprehension chip was lowest-bidder material. Legion still couldn't understand why his ordering soup had erased his Seinfeld videochips. His soup never even arrived. Oh, wait. Now he knew what happened when life imitated art.
"Page entities Power Plant and Franchise and tell them to come to my office." He enunciated his command to the haunt control slowly so the listener would interpret him properly.
The haunt control said, "Good Guy entities Power Plant and Franchise caged—"
"No, page them!"
"Good Guy entities Power Plant and Franchise paged." Yeah, yeah, just page them. Actually, caging them sounded like a better idea.
The haunt control's buzzy speech reminded Legion of when he, Lowensland, and Sopher had crouched in shallow trenches to avoid enemy laserfire, Virillian mosquitoes swarming overhead. To call his former ally by his media name, Master Asinine, felt weird. But, to Legion, that scumbag would always be Lowensland, emphasis on low.
The datasheet wasn't even on, but Legion's eyes skimmed its transparent surface. If Lowensland got that station operating, everyone would be neck-deep in napalm tapioca.
And Jeff Abends and Jacob Refensil. Now they were a pair. The media dubbed them Power Plant and Franchise, names those two devised in the back of that starship when the Good Guys were formed. Intergalactic Protection liked those media names—they tested well with focus groups—and so trademarked them for marketability. Legion preferred the Devil's Helper and the Devil's Helper's Helper.
They weren't Legion's first choice to send on a mission alone…or his second. Or his tenth. Both were nitwits in their own rights: Power Plant suffered from a maturity instability and took only food fights seriously, and Franchise was frightened of the slightest insinuation of danger, not to mention his tendency to get caught up in any of Power Plant's mischief that had to do with replacing powdered milk with baby powder at any nearby orphanage. Those two worried Legion far more than any of the other Good Guys, but the others were helping to prepare Station One for use. Even removing Power Plant from that task, what with his construction experience, seemed unwise, but those two were too wound up to help. Over the last year or so, Legion had settled into his position as Good Guy leader. He had yet to settle into his position as their leader.
With Harrier and Reef on leadership training, Legion's manpower had thinned, and few Good Guys remained battle-ready. Nevertheless, this mission Legion had planned could give the Good Guys a necessary heads-up, and Power Plant and Franchise worked well together. Somehow. Slapstick videochips could probably shed light on the how.
Someone began knocking on Legion's door in a spirited rhythm. "Good Guy entities Franchise and Power Plant have arrived," the haunt control said in a scratchy voice. They hadn't taken long. And Legion hadn't heard any ensuing explosions on their way, so good on them.
"Control, acknowledge. Unlock closest door. No, not the wall safe. The door."
"Closest door unlocked." The door slid into a recess to reveal Power Plant and Franchise, Franchise silently continuing his lively knock until he realized the door was open.
Franchise sprang in merrily. His head pigeon-bobbed with each strut, and he used his thumbs to crack his knuckles, first on one hand and then on the other. Power Plant wore a face cast with flaring nostrils and a stare that caused Legion to consider moving his office to the station's bomb shelter. Power Plant pounded across the carpeted floor, rattling Legion's desk so much that some of the datasheets almost spilled off. The hodgepodge of random bric-a-brac on the office's shelves also rattled. Awards, framed image stills, and other memorabilia had long since conquered shelf space. These objects now threatened to topple onto the floor with each of Power Plant's clomps.
Power Plant reached an empty chair across the desk from Legion. His string-bean form dropped into it so violently that he almost threw himself backward. His face as red as a sunburn, he radiated a heat Legion thought only his older brother, Burnout, could muster. Franchise sat with a squeaky bounce. Why was he wearing bunny slippers?
A laugh intertwined Franchise's words when he said, "What's up, boss?"
Legion eyed Power Plant warily. Power Plant stared laserlike at the carpet as if slicing its fibers with razor-thin eyebeams. Problem was he literally could. Why the sulking? It didn't fit Power Plant. Ignorantly happy-go-lucky most of the time, he thought income tax readings were excuses to throw festivals.
"What's his problem?" Legion's eyes lingered on Power Plant though he asked Franchise. "Don't tell me the bank refused his deposit of grenades again."
Franchise tried to cover a snicker. "Heh. Nothing, really." He looked at Power Plant, who still huffed at the carpet as if life and existence depended on it and as if that life and existence risked extinction underneath his merciless foot. "Oh, won't you tell him, Jeffy?" Franchise perked his eyebrows twice playfully.
Power Plant's panting was the loudest sound he mustered. "Snthn," he finally said in a voice so hushed Legion wondered if Power Plant himself had heard it. "Jakey wnmi sl enna djblbet lsnite."
Legion leaned closer with his antennae tilted forward. "Jeff, are you trying to channel the dead again?"
"Come on, speak up." Franchise cupped his ear and leaned toward Power Plant.
Power Plant looked at Legion for barely a second before averting to a blank viewscreen. "Jakey wons my soul in a dodgeball bet last night. I ain't never bettin's on them stupid Mongolian Yurts again."
"Those Terran teams never win." Franchise slapped Power Plant's back. "I'm Terran, and even I never bet on them. What were you thinking? You'd have had more luck betting on them in ultimate couponing. Or betting on a team of slugs."
"Them Yurts was due!" Power Plant glowered at Franchise with a face that could stop a stampeding gnawl. "I didn't thinks ya'd takes my bet serious. Freakin' punk. Knew I shoulda watched cartoony shows instead 'cause now you gots my soul." He mumbled that last sentence, looked away, and squeezed his arms around his chest. A periodic beat clubbed the floor, Power Plant's left leg ticktocking each time he slammed his foot in petulant rhythm.
Legion said, "Let's get back to things I don't question my sanity over. I called you into my office because I want you to be useful for once. I have a mission for you. It's only a stakeout, but it's extremely important. The Bad Guys got wind of the construction of Station One, and now they've found a space station themselves."
"Copycats." Halfheartedly, Power Plant punted Legion's desk and then resumed his stamping.
Legion scrutinized him before continuing, "If Master Asinine is allowed use of that station, it will be a huge break for the Bad Guys. They now have a fixed headquarters that, honestly, could lead to our undoing. They seriously outnumber us, and we need to assess the risk their station poses before we battle them on their turf. I need you two to get over there and just watch. You will engage in no fights, not under any circumstances. If you fought them, Jeff, your brother would have my head. And I still want that thing."
"Name's Jeffy." Power Plant pouted, glaring as if he could breathe fire.
"So you keep saying. We're already prepping a transport for you and have downloaded the coordinates into the navigation system. Car Alarm will be your pilot on this one—"
"Car Alarm?" Franchise's cheeks drooped.
Power Plant clicked his tongue and clubbed the arm of his chair.
"Yes, Car Alarm, because neither of you can last thirty seconds without swerving into a tree, despite the piloting lessons you have both been given. Which reminds me: that button operates the missile deployment, not the windshield wipers. Anyway, it doesn't matter if Car Alarm howls, shrieks, or performs an operatic hat dance. He's your pilot.
"You'll use a simple twelve-passenger Flagstar, not a twenty-passenger Fireball. You're flying in small because Flagstar transports are fast and unnoticeable versus our larger mil‑trans, but we have nothing smaller ready. Really, it's because this starship's self-destruct sequence isn't working, so you have fewer things to play with. I want you to fly close, open up signal monitors, and check on things: what's going in and what's coming out. Record some voice scans. Ignore his peanut brittle recipes. That's all—that's all. Please may that be all.
"You'll be away for no more than a few hours. We want only to find out what they're up to. And you will listen to no Death Monster Beast Brigade on your trip, Jeff. I know how berserk metalcore music makes you.
"Here's your briefing datasheet. Unlike the last few times, you will actually bother to read this one. I've included a page for Jeff to color at the end, but it unlocks only if you both read the whole briefing and sign the statement of consent." Legion handed the red datasheet to Franchise, who reached across the desk and took it. Franchise sat back in his chair and plucked his thumb across the small activation icon in its corner.
Legion continued, "I don't need to tell you this time not to touch the activation icon until you're aboard the Flagstar. The datasheet will only unlock once it crosses the Flagstar's access port. I hope you remember the electrical shock you received last time you opened it too early."
The datasheet gave Franchise a clapping jolt, and he yanked his hand away in a high arc.
"Guess not."
Power Plant still pouted. "I remembers nothin'."
"I know you don't. You were knocked unconscious. Anyway, please remember our primary goal is to keep the Bad Guys from making use of that space station. It would be a serious detriment if they found a home. Can either of you think of anything to help?"
"Ice cream?" Power Plant kicked Legion's desk again.
"I don't think Master Asinine will fall for the same ploy on seven straight occasions. But I haven't forgotten you came up with the idea each time. I have a feeling it was just so we could all get ice cream at Intergalactic Protection's expense, but I appreciate the idea."
"Okay. So just snoopin' aroun'. I'll tries ta not tear someone's head off. Ain't gonna guarantees nothin', though, 'cause I ain't gots no soul. A blazin' boss-chief o' destructoid rage wit'out no soul. Ya hears that, Jakey? I got—"
"Oh, just give him back his soul!" Legion flailed his hands at Franchise. He could just shoot these two! He knew betting souls was impossible, but he wouldn't doubt they believed in it. Why was this the only thing they treated with any sincerity?
Franchise waved a hand at him. "No way! His soul is mine now. In fact, I'm collecting everybody's. Wanna bet your soul against mine you'll beat me in a self-cloning contest? You're a shoo-in."
"Just bets him." Power Plant still stomped his foot. His crossed arms hugged his body more tightly. "Least I ain't be the only no-soul freak."
Franchise sprang forward in his chair. "I'll do you a two-for-one deal: Jeffy's and my souls for yours. It's a steal. You in?"
"No!" Legion wanted to tear off his antennae. "There will be no wagering of souls at this space station any longer. It makes about as much sense as your wearing bunny slippers. From now on, everyone's soul stays with its body. In fact, I'm sending out a memo as soon as you leave and, on the top of that memo, in big, black capitals, it will read, 'No—Soul—Betting.' Anyone caught wagering his soul will be reprimanded."
"Crock." Franchise snapped his fingers. "A soul-trading embargo. That's the second time that's happened at a place where I work."
Legion swept his hands at them. "Get a move on before I make a Franchise embargo. The haunt control will guide you to your transport using the periwinkle purple line. Don't bother asking. I have no idea what periwinkle purple is either. I'm still trying to figure out why this room has a wall safe."
Power Plant catapulted from his seat. He clomped toward the door like a stampeding thundermammal with all the hostility and none of the control.
Franchise stood. "Can I keep my bunny slippers on? It's casual Friday today."
Alaphus, please help me, Legion prayed. He wanted to whack his head on his desk. "There is no such thing as casual Friday. You will wear your assigned impact suits. Intergalactic Protection mandates it, and it's for your own protection."
"I hates my own protection." Power Plant punted the office door before it slid aside.
Franchise began cracking his knuckles again. Crick…crick…crick. "Should we use our media names?" Crick…crick.
"You have to. You're under contract. Use Power Plant and Franchise, not Dr. Ham-Fist and Señor Blasto. And you have media names to protect your identities, not to spearhead intergalactic declarations of war. You shouldn't declare war under any identity." He stood and thrust a finger in the air. "And, during the trip, no engaging the nucleonic hyperdrive. Nuclear physics is not a toy. The hyperdrive is only for chase evasion. You got that?"
"Probably not." Franchise shrugged with an if-you're-lucky-I'll-give-it-a-halfhearted-shot expression. He hopped toward the door and exited.
Legion yelled after them, "Remember the vitalness of this mission's success. It could mean life or d—Ah, they're not listening."
Deflated, Legion plopped back into his chair and placed his head gently on his desk. He banged it on the tsunami of datasheets once, twice, three times. One of these years, he might learn how to make those two follow protocol. Surely Alaphus would help him through this. Please, Alaphus. Please.
Four times.
Chapter Three: Really, Really, Really, Really—Really—Steamed
Franchise hustled to catch up to Power Plant, who thundered a few yards ahead through the vacant hall. They followed along the purple indicator line the haunt control provided to direct them to the hangar bay. The hall cornered rightward, its white walls unmarked aside from the occasional scuff the haunt control hadn't yet cleaned. The winds chilling through the hall made the station feel like a mild winter. A light panel ahead buzzed and flickered where the haunt control hadn't yet recharged it. The haunt control had a lot of work to catch up on.
"Hey, hold on!" Franchise reached Power Plant and checked the madman masquerading as his best friend. Power Plant's stare was a million points of hatred compacted into one blistering expression. His stomps boomed, giving pause to a Constructo Company worker chainsawing a doorway into a wall.
"Lighten up, Jeffy. I promise I'll own your soul responsibly. I'll only use it for the forces of good. And the forces of me." Franchise felt the mission datasheet, rolled up in his hip pouch, scratch his arm with each step.
Power Plant glared at Franchise through a fuming scowl. His beastlike clomps persisted. "Transport's dis way," he said in a grumble so low he sounded demonic. He veered left with the indicator line at an intersecting hall and clomped around a construction worker who was urinating into a potted plant. He reached the area marked HANGAR BAY F: FLAGSTAR TRANSPORTS.
Ahead of them, the line ended at the hangar bay's door that glowed with a darker shade of purple. Power Plant marched toward it. It slid aside, but he barged through before it completely opened. Franchise followed.
In the hangar bay, Franchise rushed halfway down a short passage that contained only a sign-out booth on the left and a freshly laser-painted wall on the right. Bright green. Ugh. Someone should code that wall with a paler color. In front of the sign-out booth hummed a transparent shield screen. Power Plant spat at the shield screen, but the spit sizzled away once it hit. Nice try.
A robot staffed the booth, its forearm hanging loosely from its elbow. The robot approached the front of the booth with grinding thumps, a chipped eye slit, a rust-blemished casing, and one leg shorter than the other. Legion was sitting on Letchtech's funding proposal, so the Good Guys had to suffer with secondhand equipment. Luckily, with what money they did have, the Good Guys had cheapened out on the robotic clerks rather than the necessities. Only the finest brown sludge for Franchise's morning shower.
In two tidy rows of three, Flagstars lined the hangar bay immediately past the booth. A team of robot mechanics that looked as damaged as the booth robot guided flight-ready Flagstars into empty spaces after having recharged and inspected them. The air reeked of oil and sulfur. Whirring drills and charging shocks machine-gunned the hangar with aggressive sound.
Franchise placed a hand on Power Plant's shoulder. "Jeffy, it's okay if I won your soul. I'm sure it happens all the time."
Power Plant glared at him, and there they stood in front of the sign-out booth, motionless.
Power Plant twisted his shoulder from Franchise's hand. His wire-thin body arched in a chest-flaunting stance, as if he had any chest to flaunt. His arms hung tightly with his fists clamped. "We gots to signs out the transport," he finally said. His and Franchise's eyes locked for only seconds longer before he targeted his evil eye at the booth. "Entity Power Plant reportin' an' macked off."
The robot's voice was as choppy as its steps. "Report to transport F-Eagle," it said with an audio track that cut in and out. It squeakily indicated the hangar bay with its arm swinging lifelessly at the elbow, hanging from a pair of wires. The robot looked unconcerned.
A grinding screech from a thin slot in front of the shield screen twisted Franchise's eardrum. The screech silenced and a small, curled datasheet emerged. Colored white, it was preactivated. Power Plant took the datasheet—a waiver form—and skimmed it. Franchise looked from the datasheet to Power Plant's face and read "yada, yada, yada" in his friend's glazed eyes. Finally, with his fingertip, Power Plant scrawled along a line near the bottom of the waiver. A black mark traced his signature in a thin streak. He threw the waiver in the general direction of the booth and stomped toward the transports.
Franchise plucked the waiver from the air and handed it to the robot through a thin opening at the bottom of the shield screen. "F-Eagle. Isn't that the one with the engine that floods?"
"Return the Flagstar with a full charge. It should have no scratches or dents, but if you care to inspect it before departure, take this form with you. Mark an x where you find any damage." The robot flopped its intact arm up and poked a button on a console. Another screech grated Franchise's ear to mark a second datasheet's emergence, one that showed vague illustrations of the Flagstar from various angles.
Franchise gave this second datasheet a disregarding glimpse and continued in the direction the robot had pointed. He dodged a Constructo Company worker and ducked under a shower of welding sparks before he caught up to Power Plant at their Flagstar.
"Entities Franchise and Power Plant," an echoing haunt control said to everyone in the hangar bay, "you are scheduled to depart in ten minutes aboard F-Eagle. Please locate and board your assigned transport following the periwinkle purple line. Have a nice war."
"No kiddin'." Power Plant stomped up the sixteen-foot-high access ramp that led to the Flagstar hoisted on its charging platform, his hands fisted in reddened balls, his face still glaring. F-Eagle's access port slid aside, but Power Plant didn't wait before storming in. Franchise bounded up the access ramp after him, two stairs at a time, and vaulted through the access port. He banged his head on the door.
Encumbered by its own rotund form, the robotic Car Alarm sat in the Flagstar's pilot's chair. The robot exploded in a cacophony of siren-blasting honks and howls that caused Power Plant to spring back and slam his hands against his temples. He curled onto the ground and unleashed a scream that went unheard in the din. The shrill howl reached Franchise in a violent attack that forced him out of the transport and onto the access ramp. He flattened his hands against his ears.
"Car Alarm, ya flippin' clap-a-trap, shut yourself up!" Power Plant screamed. Luckily, Car Alarm complied by sharply cutting the deafening racket.
His ears depressurized, Franchise reentered the Flagstar and moved into its one-room crew area. He stepped into the cockpit deck, over the vague boundary that met with the passenger deck behind it. The computers sat idly and chattered in electronic conversation. Car Alarm occupied the pilot's chair, the navigator's chair next to it remaining empty.
Power Plant dropped into the navigator's chair and greeted the spherical Car Alarm with a disregarding arm flop. He slammed random buttons with his fists, lighting them despite the damage he no doubt dealt. He hit the antifreeze lever.
Franchise approached from behind. "Whoa. Jeffy, stop. Jeffy."
Power Plant still slammed buttons, unaware he was slamming the wrong ones. If he continued, he would throttle them into the Flagstars behind this one and trigger a rippling explosion that would end the Good Guys. Then his soul would be useful to nobody.
Franchise caught Power Plant's fist before it hit again, and Power Plant snapped up at him with a dagger-eyed stare, probably scanning for pressure points.
Franchise backed off. "Jeffy, calm down. This isn't the cereal aisle at the grocery store." He gulped. "If we want to complete this mission, you need to take a chill pill."
Power Plant's slow breathing was his only sound. He pulled his fist out of Franchise's grip, loosened it, and threw the glove compartment open, almost yanking its hinged cover off. He rummaged through its contents and pulled out an owner's manual, a gabber, and a sock. He tossed each object away before producing a small bottle, whose top he ripped off and threw aside. He shook two tablets into his palm, slammed the tablets into his mouth, and swallowed.
The color in his face leaked to a lighter shade of red and then lighter still. His breathing calmed. His face relaxed.
"You okay now?" Franchise asked.
"Yeah." Power Plant exhaled. He tossed the uncapped bottle into the glove compartment. "Them chillax pills works fast."
Chapter Four: It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time
"We are Death Monster Beast somethin' somethin' / we death you up with monster beasts somethin' somethin' / somethin' somethin' somethin'…" Power Plant sang along to the music that spilled from the Flagstar's speakers in intense guitar bursts. He echoed the pile-driver melody his older brother, Mark, called "an eardrum's ritualistic suicide." Whatever that meant. He hoped it meant the ogre hiding in his closet wouldn't throw any more wild parties. Same for the one in the septic tank down the hall.
He sat in the navigator's seat and drummed his palms on the dashboard. Behind him, Franchise wandered about the two rows of five passenger chairs, cracking his knuckles every five or six minutes. He had removed his bunny slippers and now padded around in socks.
Car Alarm busied itself with the Flagstar's main controls. Unimpressive, the stubby construct resembled a melting aluminum snowman more than a robot, especially since Power Plant had glued a carrot to its face. Sure, the thing had flown them to within range of the Bad Guys' space station in fewer than forty minutes—since Power Plant had insisted on playing with the nucleonic hyperdrive toy—but Car Alarm just looked stupid. Stupider than when Katie Louis tried to kiss him in the schoolyard at lunchtime all those years ago. Girls were icky, so Power Plant had fed a water hose into her locker and cranked it to full blast. That was funny. But Car Alarm wasn't funny. Car Alarm was stupid. All Power Plant knew was that, when Car Alarm flailed its tubing limbs and wailed that siren, that meant something about danger, danger. Those limbs were liable to poke someone's eye out. And whose freakishly dense idea was it to install a bunch of car alarms with no volume control for its voice box?
Oh, wait. That was Power Plant's freakishly dense idea.
Stupid car alarms.
He scrutinized the robot that clanked in a pivot, its smile as pronounced as ever. Not that the smile ever changed. It was laser-painted on.
"We're closing in on their space station." Franchise approached the windshield and cracked his knuckles for the millionth time since they'd left home.
"Zat it?" Power Plant peered out the windshield, standing and squinting at an approaching gray speck. He checked the speedometer: only 325 knots. Holy crow, how much slower could Car Alarm fly? "We gonna makin' it to that space station in, like, never o'clock." His eyes scrolled down a monitor that displayed, in pea-soup green, the space station in relation to their Flagstar. The monitor indicated their Flagstar would arrive at their watch point in less than fourteen minutes or, more specifically, at never o'clock. Just as Power Plant had guessed. "We shoulds flies in quickerly."
"Ohnonono." Franchise's color melted away. "An approach speed any faster than this is ludicrous. We sit here and just wait. Those were Legion's orders, and that's what the datasheet said. I'm not involving myself in another one of your bright ideas."
"Then involves yaself in my unbright ones. Let's increase speed reckless 'cause bein' reckless always solve a problem. We at three hundred somethin' knots right now. How seventy-teen katrillion knots sounds?"
"No—it sounds bad—leave it." Franchise choked in only enough air to vomit out those words. "Just don't touch a thing. Every time you screw around with stuff, I end up needing a decontamination shower."
"What speed shoulds I use?" A katrillion knots was a kathousand times faster than a trillion knots, but computers understood only real numbers. So did smart people like Mark. And Power Plant wanted to be smart. Okay. "Seventy-teen trillion knots."
"Seventy-teen trillion?" Franchise darted into the nearest chair. In both white-knuckled hands, he squeezed the fabric at the ends of the chair's arms. He sat back and braced himself. "Holy horsewhip, y-you sure you're n-not gonna crash us-s?"
"I ain't never sures o' nothin'." Power Plant tapped the navigation monitor. Car Alarm raised its hands defiantly and prepared to howl a glass-shattering attack, but Power Plant speared the air between them with a finger. "Don' ya dares complain." He slowly lowered his finger and crouched over the speedometer, still eyeing the robot. "I wanna be able t' hears myself never think by whens we finished with this."
He located the speedometer's numeric pad and poked the proper digits with a finger. Each digit produced a beep. The navigation computer recalibrated Power Plant's specified speed to the transport's maximum approach speed: four hundred knots. It had a preset maximum approach speed? Maybe tearing open the computer would override the setting.
Fury exploded from the thrusters in a jet roar, bulleting the transport forward. Unable to keep his balance with the transport's new breakneck swiftness, Power Plant stumbled back. He slammed into a chair next to Franchise's.
"Now that's a bit o' action." He grabbed one of the chair's arms for stability.
The Flagstar's haunt control dinged over the thrusters' fury. "Attention. Our new speed is not advised. We will reach our intended destination in five seconds."
* * *
"What was that?" Master Asinine asked about the grumble of the distant explosion that tore through the station's control room windows with an erupting crash as intrusive as a roaring fart in a crowd of mimes.
Fashioned like the observation deck in an air-traffic monitoring tower, the central control chamber he occupied with Lieutenant IQ 23 and Braindead stood vigil over the area below through a full-circle bay of windows.
"Lieutenant, did you turn on tonight's sound-and-light show early? That's not supposed to start until the dancing camelbots arrive." The last set of camelbots had turned out to be useless. They'd arrived with green tutus, not fuchsia as Asinine had ordered. Served him right for ordering from the color-blind.
"No, sir." At the bank of computers that operated the station's functions, IQ 23 hunched over a monitor that washed his face in a scarlet glow. Its computer twittered with sharp beeps. "It appears as though a Good Guy transport has collided with our broadcast antenna and now lies on the ground in a burning wreckage."
Master Asinine snapped to his feet and his l‑chair dissolved into an outline. He rushed to the bank of monitors and leaned over its awkward slant designed for only Virillians.
One monitor showed wreckage bathed in the brilliance of overhanging spotlights. A mil-tran's smoldering chassis expelled billows of black smoke that stifled the air. Not just a regular mil-tran but a large one. Smaller explosions detonated its fuel and coolant reserves. The broadcast antenna was torn in half. One half stood erect while the other slouched jaggedly over the transport. Crushed circuits and torn metal were all that remained of the former grandeur of the antenna's top half.
Master Asinine watched a Good Guy roll away from the wreckage where a group of four others dragged a globular robot out from underneath a collapsed wing. The—
Oh, for the love of…Of all the stuff to hit, why that thing? Asinine slammed his fist on a console and smacked away his foamy vanilla latté with its caramel syrup and hazelnut scent. "Well, that's just great. They hit the broadcast antenna!"
"No viewscreen broadcast feeds for us tonight, sir? And on Cosby night."
"Wait a second. No Theo?" Master Asinine stood, the thought trickling through his mind. "No Theo."
Slowly he rose from his slouch. He looked out the window in front of them, into the impersonal sky that showed only intermittent spotlights dotting the station's surface in the twilight. "They will pay for that broadcast interruption dearly." He lifted both fists into the air and clenched them so tightly they shook. "I will avenge you, Theo!"
* * *
"Holy hamartithia, that was stupid. A speed of seventy-teen trillion knots? Genius plan, Mr. Everyone's a Winner." Franchise tossed Power Plant a scorned look.
Through his hyperability to clone himself and his l‑clothes, Franchise had created three duplicates. These duplicates now helped him heave Car Alarm's corpulence out of their Flagstar's scorching debris. Hauling a two-hundred-pound robot out of the blistering flames was hard enough, but must that robot squeal a repeated ear-gashing whoop-whoop with him standing so close? Oh, wait. The whoop-whoop morphed into a beep-wail-beep-wail. Franchise had no clue what Car Alarm was saying, but it was all he heard overtop the pyre that stung his eyes. He and his duplicates yanked the robot the rest of the way out.
Franchise let go, swung a tingling arm, and peered at the towers and buildings that flanked the side street. He braced a tiny headache—creating duplicates was painful business—and stepped out into the main street that stretched beyond view in both directions. Silvery buildings and steel avenues were the only things in Franchise's sight. A whisper of wind blew by, a trickle in comparison to the snapping pyre. Metal was the sole element of this street, which explained the scent of copper that burned his nose alongside the pungency of the fire. He hoped his nose would get used to it.
Power Plant hooted. "D'ya sees that? That was fierce." He pointed back at the wreckage, his body contorted into an exaggerated stance.
Franchise gawked at him. "See it? We were in it! My bunny slippers still are."
"The transport 'sploded up like a huge…like a…like a transport. If I gots whiplash, zat explain where from I gots this freaky head rush? Man, that was fierce." Power Plant swung an enthusiastic fist but lost his footing and slipped.
Franchise sighed at the inferno. Their chairs' inertia fields and their impact suits had saved them from harm, no thanks to Power Plant. "Seventy-teen trillion knots. I should have stopped you. Things end badly whenever you make up numbers. I blame myself." He reconsidered. "No, I blame my duplicates."
Car Alarm clanked to its feet. The robot's beep-wail developed into a stretched tone about an octave below the sound of a dog whistle's squeal. Franchise covered his ears to prevent himself from going deaf. The word Car Alarm was screeching was probably four letters long.
"No way are we flying out of here in that thing," Franchise said over Car Alarm's cacophony, uncovering an ear to thumb the blazing Flagstar behind him. He touched the nearest duplicate, and it disappeared into wherever he pulled these duplicates from before this one could urinate on F-Eagle's funeral pyre. Then he tapped another. He swiped the remaining duplicate, and it popped out of existence. His headache grew, his brain trying to consolidate four contradictory points of view of the last few minutes. "Any suggestions?"
With a loud whoop, the space station's fire system activated. A spout sprang from an awning and, in one vomitous gag, belched white suds of foam over the area. The suds blanketed the wreckage, dousing the flame into a sizzle and covering the trio of Good Guys. The spout whirred back into the cubby from which it had come.
Power Plant blinked and, with his sleeve, wiped the foam from his forehead and eyes. "Yeah, a couple o' suggestions. Another chillax pill. An' teach Car Alarm sign language."
* * *
The chase was on! Master Asinine led the lynch mob of himself, Lieutenant IQ 23, and Braindead on a stumble down a twisting set of stairs. He loved lynch mobs. His gun drawn at his side, he accidentally pistol-whipped his leg with each stride. His lungs blazed every time he panted. His breath drawn short and weighty, he consciously suppressed every wheeze. Only two flights ago, he had realized they should have taken the airfoil.
Finding those Good Guys and deciding how to end their dismal lives wouldn't be difficult. He needed only a few short moments before he and the others were at the dinner table. Some had said if he could program the clock on his videochip player, he could quickly dispatch a few Good Guys. The problem was he couldn't program the clock on his videochip player. Sometimes he thought it should display a face with both thumbs at its ears and a protruding tongue taunting him instead of a blinking midnight hour.
Ahead, an l‑door led out to the space station's diameter-wrapping principal street, the main artery of the station. The l‑door faded, and Asinine stumbled out. As cool as l‑doors were, they had their disadvantages. One was that Asinine didn't look cool slamming through an l‑door with his shoulder. The good thing about l‑doors was that he wouldn't gash his shoulder open like he had in all those slamming-through-doors training drills.
He stopped and perked his ears to listen, looking up at the semitransparent atmospheric bubble that surrounded the space station to keep oxygen and heat in but hold out the starry chill of space. Asinine loved the added feature of keeping out that planet-gobbler Galactus. That guy was big trouble at a buffet.
Asinine heard no sound but whistling wind, not even the faintest patter of footsteps scuttling away in the empty street. Lieutenant IQ 23 and Braindead bumbled out behind him. They knocked into him, pushing him closer to the transport's wreckage.
Master Asinine scanned the wreckage. Glowing metal and melted plastic twisted together in what had been a working transport. A hiss of dying steam faded underneath flame-retardant foam. The folds of the antenna cluster crowded the wreckage in a crushing arm. Those Good Guys would die for damaging his antenna cluster. He ground his teeth, and a growl scratched his throat. He would revel in their deaths.
He cut his growl short. "Lieutenant, use our high-tech scanners to locate the Good Guys."
"Sir, they're over there."
Master Asinine glanced at IQ 23, who pointed down the horizon. Two silhouettes scampered down the metal laneway with a two-legged bowling ball waddling behind them.
Asinine gave a withering expression. Why must his shortsighted lieutenant cut corners? At infrequent times such as this, Asinine couldn't look his subservient second-in-command in the eye. "Lieutenant, what are our high-tech scanners for?"
"For locating our enemies, sir."
"They cost a lot of money, and they're really, really cool. Now, use our high-tech scanners to locate the Good Guys."
Lieutenant IQ 23 retrieved a rectangular gadget from his pocket and fit it over his fingers. He tapped a few buttons and the gadget responded with abrupt chirps. Finally, Lieutenant IQ 23 looked up at Master Asinine and pointed at the horizon. "Sir, they're over there."
"Good job, Lieutenant." Master Asinine broke into a sprint.
* * *
"Geez oh geez oh geez oh geez…" Franchise chanted behind Power Plant.
Power Plant wanted to smack his friend. Franchise always freaked out in dangerous situations, and this was no different. Why couldn't he just relax? It wasn't as if the Bad Guys were chasing them. Hold on a second…
Power Plant, Franchise, and Car Alarm scampered down the street, their wreckage distantly behind them, Franchise's feet wearing only socks. Those socks squished out flame-retardant foam with every step.
Power Plant spotted a shed to the right and curved toward it. The shed's door vanished, so he stumbled through but tripped into the back wall. A suitable hiding place, the shed was dark enough that he discerned only the lack of detail in its almost perfect blackness. The only light in the shed fell through the opening left by the faded l‑door and a single window. Stacks of square objects stood against the back wall, their shadows merging into windowless skyscrapers in a nighttime cityscape. The shed reeked of back-alley urine. Like Sid from IP's shooting range.
Franchise stumbled through the shed's door, cracking his knuckles sharply. Car Alarm followed with a clatter that sounded louder in the quietude than their transport's explosion. That stupid robot bashed into the doorframe before careening sideways. It smacked into part of the shadowy cityscape near the reappearing l‑door. It leaned backward and stumbled out when the l‑door vanished again to make way. Power Plant wanted to leave it out there, but the robot clanked back in before he could lock the door. Finally, Car Alarm tripped over a shadow and clanged onto its side where it wobbled its plastic-tubing limbs like a turtle attempting to right itself. For crock, what a clumsy moron. Car Alarm took a few seconds to stand with a ka-ching that proclaimed each move.
Car Alarm was bound to reveal their location! Power Plant exercised every iota of restraint to keep from blasting that twitbot into a thousand smoldering chunks. Car Alarm was as useless as Power Plant's trigonometry teacher.
Out of breath, Power Plant couldn't issue a verbal command to the room's haunt control. He leaped toward the door and slammed his hand over the lock button. Wiping the last of the flame-retardant foam off his impact suit's leg, he peered through the window and then back into the room. From the minimal light that spilled into the shed, he saw Franchise's eyes dart left to right and his body jitter from shock wherever he bounced around the shed. He stumbled over something on the ground but was too busy fluttering around like a moth trapped in a jar to notice.
Power Plant wiped his runny nose onto his sleeve. His older brother said that was gross, but his sleeve was as good as any tissue. He snorted the rest of the snot into his sinuses. He scratched his forehead, his hair still damp with foam. "We trapped. We got nowheres to runs. Them Bad Guys is outside somewheres, and they gonna finds us and…" His mouth curled into a vague question mark. "What's Bad Guys do to peoples when they finds 'em?"
Franchise peered out the window and wheezed his repeating "oh geez." He attempted to crack his knuckles, too distracted to notice he'd already cracked them. "Oh geez oh geez." Between tugged pants, he tripped over a mass of junk that lay spread across his path and then bumbled into the door. He caught himself before falling. Looking out the window, he glanced left, right, left, right. "I can't tell if they're following us, are they following us, I hope they're not following us," he said. He exhale-inhaled. "I really hope they didn't see us, do you think they saw us, will they hurt us?" He thumbed his fingers again but still produced no crack from their spent joints.
"Prob'ly makes us to wash their dishes," Power Plant said. "Chores suck."
Franchise wiped his forehead and whipped the sweat and foam aside before trying to crack his knuckles again. He hurried toward the back of the shed but ricocheted to the front, to one corner, then another, and then another. He had become a chanting, knuckle-crackling pinball. "Oh geez oh geez oh geez oh geez…"
Car Alarm lifted its arms to prepare to rape everyone's ears. Power Plant swiftly kicked the robot's stomach, which caused a gonging to resonate like a struck tuning fork. "Don'tcha dares wails a word, ya freakin' jet engine." That stopped Car Alarm. If only shorting its speaker wouldn't affect its drink-dispensing machinery. Power Plant pressed his thumb against the thumbprint reader embedded in Car Alarm's chest plate and slammed his hand over the small Colamax button below it. He retracted his thumb after his purchase had cleared.
"They know we're in here, there's no way they can't know we're in here because we're in here, we're done for." Franchise turned to Power Plant, chalk-white features pasted over his horror-stricken, foam-covered face. Passing a splinter of light that glinted through the window, he expelled another gasp, louder in the silence than the cries of infinite Car Alarms. "They know we're in here, we're doomed, do they know we're in here?" He tried cracking his knuckles again.
"You an' me?" Power Plant pulled back the tab on the can he had fetched from Car Alarm's stomach, releasing a carbonated hiss. He downed almost half the drink in three ambitious gulps. "No. That walkin' beer keg?" He pointed to Car Alarm. "Prob'ly." He swigged again, and the liquid tap-danced down his tongue. Mmmm. Sweet carbonation. He upended the can and let the remaining droplets trickle into his mouth before he tossed the can aside. It jangled into the corner. He wiped his mouth on the same sleeve on which he had wiped his nose. "You good at washin' dishes?"
"Ogeezogeezogeez." Franchise's chant had become a single, never-ending word. He pointed outside, panic in his expression. "What are we going to do, what are we going to do, what are we going to do, if we leave they'll spot us, if we stay and they know we're here, they'll corner us, we have no options, I can't die, I still haven't seen Wreck-It Ralph, what are we going to do?"
Power Plant considered. "I calls dish dryin'."
Franchise leaped at Power Plant, slipped on his socked feet, recovered, grabbed Power Plant by the shoulders, and shook him with the vigor of an epileptic seizure. "What are we going to do, what are we going to do?"
Power Plant's voice rebounded with his rattling head. "Watched this on a cartoony show: dressin' up womany." Franchise stopped shaking Power Plant, so Power Plant continued, "I climbs on your shoulders an' we can finds a huge dress an' wear it so's it covers both of us, and a flowery hat an' some high heels. A nice li'l number. We prances out all like 'Yoo-hoo, boys,' flutter up our eyelashes at 'em like we gots it goin' on. They whistles at us an' hearts comes outta their eyes like boioioioioioing an' we struts off."
Franchise stared at Power Plant for a moment. Only a moment. "Jeffy, that is downright the stupidest idea I've ever heard, and this is coming from the guy who wore bunny slippers on a mission. There's no way I'm dressing up like a woman!" He released Power Plant, stepped back, and resumed cracking his knuckles.
"Look, we gots two choices: death…or woman-dressin'."
"I choose death."
Power Plant looked away as if to focus his attention. "Okay, when ya puts it that way, me, too. If I hads my soul, I be comin's up with lots better ideas."
"I'm not giving you your soul back!" Franchise tilted forward with clamped fists. Power Plant stepped back, so Franchise corrected his stance. "W-we'll run for it." His eyes bulged like a coffee enthusiast's. "We'll run and…and…I don't know where to, but we'll run. We'll run somewhere, find another transport."
"We can't runs. They—"
Knock, knock, knock.
Franchise froze, now oozing only a quiet whimper that degenerated into a quivering mew. His lip trembled. His body rippled.
"I get it." Power Plant reached for the door's unlock button but hesitated to push it. "Wait a minute. It prob'ly the Bad Guys. I ain't wanna does their dishes. I ain't no man's dishes boy."
Power Plant looked out the window. Only a silhouetted head blocked its opening. Power Plant slowly…carefully…noiselessly withdrew from it…as if movement would spell their doom…as if any quick reaction would start the bomb Legion had placed inside his head. He was starting to believe the bomb was just a story Legion had cooked up to keep him from igniting stuff all the time. But Legion had been straightforward: "Jeff, the urge to blow things up is all inside your head." Couldn't take that any other way. And his name was Jeffy.
Knock, knock, knock. The knocks grew more adamant.
Power Plant looked at Franchise, who stared through the window with fear locking every inch of his body.
Trapped like children sent to their rooms without dinner. Sucky.
Chapter Five: Sending an Idiot to Do a Moron's Job
Legion stepped into Station One's master communication room, which was the entire top floor of a tall and narrow tower. The faint glow of computer monitors provided its only light, a subtle hum its only sound. Legion felt wary of tripping over something in the darkness. After all, this was the type of place people hid bodies.
Aaron Khouri, the Good Guys' communication expert and the room's other occupant, manned the workstations. As their only technical communicator, he understood fourteen languages from eight species, all that the Good Guys' frequent contacts and visitors spoke. As well, he worked magic with the technicalities of military and civilian communication. Protocol, equipment use, and machinery repair were collectively his second nature. So was drinking straight from the carton.
Aaron's media name was Ace Spandex, something Power Plant had forced on him in the back of that Fireball starship last year, but it probably had its origins in the mental capacity involved in a three-in-the-morning bout with insomnia. Still, it fit: the recent college graduate wore impact suits that looked like spandex. At least his burgundy outfit wasn't garish enough to rival Lowensland's patchwork color scheme. But where the ace part of that name had come from was a mystery.
Legion approached Ace Spandex. "Control, acknowledge. Lights to forty percent." The room revealed itself, and Ace reacted to the unexpected light.
Legion stepped over a pile of discarded equipment where the aroma of microwaved pizza greeted his nostrils. Ace sat deep in a director's chair that was oversized for his slim build, his hands interlocked behind his head and his feet propped on a monitor. He chew-snapped a wad of gum and stopped only to exhale a bubble. The bubble popped across his face, so he tongued the detritus back in and resumed his smacking. With his back to Legion, he supervised the computer monitors that scrolled information too quickly for most people to read. Ace never had trouble reading it.
"How's our away team managing?" Legion asked when he reached Ace Spandex. He spotted a chair a few feet away. "Control, acknowledge. Bring closest chair to me." The chair wheeled toward him as if ghosted: the technological equivalent to telling a chair to heel. The miracles of science were useless if not for the convenience of your haunt control offering you a seat.
Ace Spandex shrugged at him, and a claw of black hair scratched the scar of thickened skin on his right brow. "No clue. I haven't been able to contact them yet." He resumed smacking his gum. He leaned forward to tap a few buttons without lifting his feet from the scuffed monitor. A viewscreen appeared before him and blipped with information. "I've tried every frequency their transport operates on, but I can't connect. Chocolate milk?" He lifted an open carton to Legion.
"No thanks." Legion removed four of Ace Spandex's comic datasheets that lay fanned across the chair. Sitting, he faced the communication equipment that bordered the wall before him: long-range scanners, status monitors, and flight-control equipment sat behind the slant-paneled bank of workstations that stretched the length of the room and chittered away.
Why couldn't Ace contact Power Plant and Franchise? Not a good sign. Legion put his face in one hand and rubbed. He didn't want to imagine why the away team was unreachable. For all he knew, Power Plant and Franchise had auctioned off an explosive-rigged F-Eagle to some unsuspecting ambassadors. Why must everything those two did have to be high profile? They could one day lead to the downfall of society except for their inability to organize something on a large enough scale. As things stood, everyone within a nine-meter radius around them was part of a potential flash barbecue.
Legion uncovered his face. Today was a triple-aspirin day. "Have you gabbered them?"
"Neither answered. Whatever happened to the transport might have happened to their gabbers as well. Or they turned them off. You know, with Letchtech's funding, we'd have positioning chips sewn into their media outfits. And video gabbers."
"Still thinking their sponsorship offer over." Not really. Legion had arranged for private investors to visit in a few days, so he'd probably decline IP's offer since it involved Letchtech…and l‑tech. Just last week, on his visit to IP headquarters, he'd sworn an l‑lamp was watching him.
Ace Spandex swiveled around to face Legion, the scent of his stale gum wafting from his mouth. He smacked the gum between his teeth. "There's one thing I haven't tried yet, but that's only because of my access level. We can view the last few minutes of their black-box feed: changes in speed, adjustments to direction, lights Jeff broke off the dashboard. We'll see the whole thing."
Hey, viewing the black-box feed. Good idea! Legion looked at Ace Spandex, whose face told him his bubblegum had become as flavorless as paper. Ace spat the gum into a nearby trash ionizer. He grabbed another stick from a pack sitting next to the comic datasheets, unwrapped it, and popped it into his maw. His smacking resumed.
"You have the feed downloading into here?" Legion scratched the back of his head. It wasn't itchy.
"Hey, I'm no field agent, only a behind-the-curtains kind of guy. But I can manage anything behind the curtains." He perked an eyebrow. He was ingenious with communications, and he knew it. Even without the proper access level, he could have hacked into the system and gotten the feed. But he was on the up-and-up.
Legion stood, rubbed his forehead, and exhaled through puffed cheeks. Seeing the feed would hurt. "Okay, bring it up."
"Control, acknowledge. Display broadcast feed on transport F-Eagle. Use decryption key shanty tango. Play from two minutes before transmission endpoint."
"Auth'ization level is way da-a-a-own, oooowwwwwww-cha!" The haunt control slaughtered the silence with a head-splitting cry that made Legion recoil.
After a moment, Legion regarded Ace, who looked up at him without reacting to the haunt control's explosive voice. Legion shook his head. "The James Brown haunt control mod?" At least this mod was better than the previous one: the Denis Leary mod spoke only five words with the parental control enabled.
Legion sent a short prayer to Alaphus. Okay, here went nothing. "Control, acknowledge. Authorization granted."
"Get down wit' da broadcast feed. I say-ez get up-a wit' da broadcast feed."
A viewscreen blipped into existence above the monitor bay. It grew into a seven-foot-wide, hair-thin line before it stretched five feet up the bank of windows and flickered on.
Huh? What the…On a map of outer space spread before Legion, all the viewscreen displayed was a speckle of dots and Pac-Man inching toward a power pellet on the viewscreen's right side. "What's this?"
Ace Spandex stood. "Pac-Man viewscreen mod. I like my mods. Okay, so Pac-Man here"—he pointed at the viewscreen where Pac-Man gobbled mouthfuls of air—"is transport F-Eagle. This oversized power pellet over here"—he sidestepped across the viewscreen's width and pointed at a large glowing dot—"is the Bad Guy headquarters."
Legion pointed to the lower-right corner of the screen. "And what's the cherry mean?"
"Software upgrades are available."
Below Pac-Man, transport statistics scrolled in a rambling list of data. Labels appeared: one marked transport F-Eagle, labeled AWAY TEAM, and another marked the Bad Guys' space station, DESTINATION_0. Other labels tagged meteors and garbage in orbital decay. A ghost represented a Space Cow fast-food outlet.
Legion skimmed the statistical data that scrolled mostly direction-based commands Car Alarm had issued to F-Eagle. The transport glided toward the space station with no incident aside from a small meteor that bumped its right-aft winglet, harmless since those winglets only redirected wind so the thrusters wouldn't consume any debris.
The display speed progressed too slowly. The countdown showed a minute and twenty seconds remaining until the end of the feed. "Viewscreen, acknowledge. Increase F-Eagle's play speed by four times."
"Ahhhhhhhhh, yeah! Turnin' it loose-ah ta a hunnerd twenny frames per second."
Indeed, the display speed turned it loose. Power Plant and Franchise had approached the space station, and the transport had slowed. Car Alarm had deactivated the Flagstar's thrusters to let momentum glide them in. Nothing strange—
Legion's jaw dropped at the next line of information that scrolled onto the monitor. It couldn't have been scarier with the Dracula mod reading it: "Get on the dance flo-ah! Entity Power Plant steppin' up tha jam ta four hundred kicks." The line slapped Legion across the cheek. And kicked him in the gut. And grated his nose against an imaginary brick wall. And ground his face into a nonexistent box of nails.
Then Legion figured out what a kick was.
As if teleporting, the Flagstar had appeared inside the space station and face-planted Pac-Man, who inverted until he disappeared in a tiny spurt. The transport had crashed. And now Franchise, Power Plant, and Car Alarm were probably dead, if not stranded on that station.
Legion tried shutting his jaw but couldn't. His stomach curled and became cold, as if an ice cube had grown inside and swallowed all remaining space. He fell back against his chair, absentmindedly rubbing the bullet bump in the cross that swung around his neck. The gunshot that had killed Sopher blasted through his mind. What had possessed him to send Power Plant and Franchise out alone?
Ace Spandex gestured at the viewscreen. "If you want to watch it again, I can rewind. We have two Pac-Mans left."
"No. That's fine." Legion curled his lip. What had they done? Still, what was most impressive was that they had earned three thousand points before crashing.
He put a hand over his eyes and rubbed his temples with his thumb and ring finger. Relax, relax. He breathed slowly—in, out, in, out—
He wanted to slam a fist into the wall. The veins in his forehead bulged like a second heartbeat. Power Plant and Franchise might be dead! More importantly, they might have deprived Legion of the chance of killing them himself!
Legion had to think. He had to calm himself, close his eyes, picture his happy place. He opened his eyes. "Okay, we have to think of how to get them back. That is, if they're still alive. We also have to figure out how to retrieve that wreckage before the Bad Guys put out the fire and comb it for information."
Ace Spandex studied the viewscreen. "Looks as if striking a gigantic broadcast antenna might have saved them. That changed their trajectory and slowed their speed. Otherwise, they would have drilled right into the station at an almost perpendicular angle."
"Doesn't matter," Legion said, his thoughts already asking for Alaphus's aid. "We just need to get them back alive.
"Actually, dead would work. Right now, I wouldn't mind dead."
Chapter Six: Outsmarted
Master Asinine glanced around the stretch of road that yawned out in both directions, a breeze trickling by his legs that presented the slight aroma of dust. Here, in front of the storage shed, he waited for the Good Guys who had cornered themselves inside to acknowledge his knock. They had left behind no stragglers, which meant they were all trapped. But would they answer? He tapped on the door's window.
"Hello?" a high-pitched, musical voice said from inside. Huh? Whose voice was that? Asinine had spotted those Good Guys darting into this shed like squirrels across the path of a civ-tran. Now a high-pitched, angelic tone answered?
"Young lady, did you spot some Good Guys rushing into that storage shed?"
"No. They went into the, uh"—a throat cleared with a bass tone—"other whatever-it-was-you-said shed. Probably."
"Thank you, young lady. Sorry to have disturbed you."
Lieutenant IQ 23 tapped Asinine's shoulder. "Sir, I think that's them. They're using a fake voice to throw you off."
Asinine turned to him on feet that shushed against the ground. "You sure?"
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure. I don't think we have any young women on the space station at the moment."
"Not even among the tour groups?"
"No, sir. The tour groups left at closing time."
"Ho!" Glee exploded over Master Asinine's face. "You gotta be kidding me. These guys are geniuses! Diabolical geniuses! Changing their voices to make us think they're young ladies? Confusion kings, I say."
"That is absolutely brilliant, sir."
"That's just…Wow! I'd never have thought of that. Legion must be sharp to send these masterminds. Where'd he find them? I mean, he still puts his pants on one leg at a time and everything, but he's a mastermind for sending these—" Huh. Back it up. "Lieutenant, find out if Legion puts his pants on one leg at a time."
"On it, sir. Let me simply note that in my portable timetable." From a pocket, he produced his palm-sized device. He tapped it on and scanned the display area that cast a jade glow across his eyes. "I can input that information session for four thirty tomorrow."
To take care of these Good Guys, Asinine would use Schizophrenic. As chief of security on the Bad Guys' space station, Schizophrenic routinely dealt with threats such as this. Asinine would meanwhile scour the wreckage of the transport that had disrupted his night's plans. Or maybe finish his couch-cushion fort in the bootlickers' lounge.
He poked the gabber nestled in the lower cup of his right ear. With a click, a mouthpiece on a metal stem shot around his chin and stopped in front of his lips. An earpiece rushed up and around his skull until it met his left ear. He'd love to own one of those gabbers with a radar dish and video call display, but he'd blown his money on those talking dinner glasses. He was a sucker for the Home Splurging Network. But Schizophrenic had to hear about these architects of deception, and Asinine would have to use the old-style gabber.
Disguising their voices. He chuckled again. "These guys are priceless. I'll have to use that voice thing next time my mother calls. Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Schizophrenic."
"Contacting entity Schizophrenic. Seeking connec—Connection attained."
Asinine's smile became a goofy maw that hooted and spat a wet cackle. He spoke with hands that motioned for emphasis. "Hey, Schizo, it's me. Get this, get this, listen up. You remember those Good Guys who crashed into our space station? Guess wh—I didn't tell you about them? Well, guess what, anyway. They're actually disguising their voices to fool me. Isn't that the coolest thing you ever heard? Disguising—their—voices. I mean—What? Of course I'm for real. You think this is my android decoy calling you?
"Anyway, doesn't matter. I want you to assemble a strike team and go after these guys. But watch out. They're smart. Diabolically smart. Oh, and I might have left my pottery wheel running. Will you turn it off for me on the way out? Thanks. Go get 'em, big guy. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
The mouthpiece and earpiece retreated with the same click and rush with which they had extended. "Schizo will take care of these mayhem masterminds. Meanwhile, the three of us will mosey on down to that wreckage and check things out. And I mean mosey. No ambling. Someone could lose an eye."
Master Asinine stepped back from the door. "These guys are deception experts! What's next? Impersonating our guards by knocking them out and stealing their uniforms?"
Chapter Seven: Avoiding Dish Duty Like a Pro
"One o' my nostrils is bigger than the other," Power Plant said, examining his nose's reflection on a polished wall by shifting his head back and forth.
"I think the Bad Guys left." Franchise peered out the door's window at what Power Plant assumed were only shifting shadows. By now, the flame-retardant foam had dried and dissolved. Franchise's hyperventilating had finally stopped, providing a welcome silence. He smelled clammy with clothes that clung to him as if he'd crawled out of a sewer, but he acted calm now. "Should we run for it? Find a transport off this station?"
"I guessin' so." Power Plant shuffled toward the l‑door and tapped its unlock button. The door faded with an elongated bleep, so he stepped through. Franchise rushed out behind him and crowded closer than a tight backpack.
A light breeze with the chalky fragrance of mold twisted around Power Plant. He looked left at the three figures who wandered away almost beyond eyesight. Ahead, a building towered above them. Lights randomly speckled its windows but revealed nothing inside except strewn furniture. Ooh, the lights made a face shape. Cool.
Power Plant looked left, right, left again. His brother had once told him never to cross the street without looking, so he obeyed. Mark was way smart. Smarter than that guy on the viewscreen broadcast who kept telling him about the amazing sales down at Knickknacks, Curios, Stuff, and Such and Such.
Power Plant checked the street again before he tiptoed toward the building. He entered an l‑door and found himself in a staircase landing that blocked the whispering of the outside street. The lights in the staircase contrasted greatly with the darkness to which his sight had adjusted. He put a flattened hand to his brow to screen his eyes.
In one direction, the dusty staircase spiraled up and left. In the other, it led down and right. Airfoils were obviously lost on the crew who'd built this mess. As a former construction worker, Power Plant had installed plenty of airfoils. They were nearly as easy to install as stairs. The staircase smelled of fresh laser-paint, just like his sandwiches.
Power Plant spotted, against the left wall, a gray arrow pointing up—TO HIGHER FLOORS—and one down—TO LOWER FLOORS. Well, nothing could be clearer than that. But should they go up or down? Car Alarm was awful at climbing stairs, so maybe going up was smarter. Where would Mark go to ditch Car Alarm? Aw, crock. He hated grown-up decisions. All he wanted was to jump through a sprinkler in his swim trunks and forget about these tough choices. Up or freaking down?
Franchise shuddered, his words erratic and trembling. "Can w-we please move? Those B-Bad Guys will be back any time."
"Tryin' to figures out which way," Power Plant said. "I dunno."
"Umm…up. I-if we go into the basement-t, we're trapped. At least on the upper floors, you c-can fly us out a window."
"Like that time we had to escapes them cops."
"Yeah, except this time we won't end up jumping right into their precinct." Franchise pressed against Power Plant, shoving him toward the up staircase. "Now, let's go before s-someone finds us."
Power Plant looked back at Franchise. "Soul or no soul, no one push me 'rounds."
"Just remember who owns yours," Franchise said, his voice still tremulous from his overworked lungs. He followed Power Plant and began cracking his knuckles again.
Chapter Eight: Psychological Warfare
Master Asinine and Lieutenant IQ 23 studied the Flagstar's wreckage that simmered in the side street on which it had crashed. The street smelled like foam. Dissipated flames had left a slag of metal and smoke that sizzled like a smoldering pot submerged in ice water. Twisted bits of shrapnel had curled into a porcupine ball. At Master Asinine's command, Braindead crouched at the wreckage, searching for Good Guy secrets, datasheets, and winning lottery stubs. Nothing. Not even a set of blinking hazard lights.
But wait. Something captured Master Asinine's attention: a white, lettered rectangle. Ooh. It glinted in the moonlight when he shifted his weight, beckoning him as if playing with an addiction. It flashed again and, dagnabbit, Master Asinine loved a shiny object! He crouched, reached toward the wreckage that still emitted an uncomfortable heat, and fished out the rectangle. It felt hot but not hot enough to burn through his glove. He stood. "Lieutenant, I found something."
"Sir, I believe that's their license plate."
"It looks like an acronym of some sort. I have no idea what it stands for."
"There are numbers in it, too, sir." Lieutenant IQ 23 peered over Master Asinine's shoulder at whatever cryptic message the plate held.
Master Asinine scratched his head. He flipped the plate upside down. Nothing. He flipped it over again. "Could be one of those numbered acronyms. Like vitamin B twelve. What's it stand for?" Asinine looked at IQ 23.
Lieutenant IQ 23 returned the look with a shrug. "I don't know."
"Take a wild guess."
Lieutenant IQ 23's face distorted into something resembling a man who'd fallen into a loaded toilet. His thinking expression. "Hmm. Hemorrhoid…facial…cream…remover." He finished with a satisfied smile.
"Lieutenant, that's nowhere close. Those aren't even the letters on the plate. Did you at least try?"
"Well, sir, you told me to take a wild guess. That guess was pretty wild."
"True. Wow, these Good Guys are devious. I might not have gotten the message, but their intent was loud and clear, and their intent is mass confusion and hemorrhoid treatment at the hands of this small rectangle." He tossed the plate aside.
"Sorry, Braindead. Didn't mean to hit you."
Chapter Nine: Chasing the Wild Geese
Now that they scampered through a second-floor hallway, Franchise slowed his breathing. Sure, his knees still pounded a psycho drumbeat against each other, but they didn't pound as intensely as before. His stomach felt like a lotto tumbler. His lightheadedness and the headache that the creation of his duplicates had inflicted still dizzied him, but now his biggest pain in the neck was the guy running ahead.
In their travels down this bright hallway suggestive of the faint scent of lemon cleanser, Franchise found a door marked BROOM CLOSET. He stopped and tapped its button. The l‑door faded. He wasn't sure why brooms needed a closet to themselves, but he figured he'd check. No brooms. In fact, it wasn't much of a closet. Strewn cleaning supplies and small floor-washing gadgets speckled the shelves, farting ammonia into the lemon scent. Two janitorbots idled on the floor. Aside from the nanotechnological fabric softener, nothing interested him. The station looked as if the Bad Guys had barely moved in yet. Lazy megalomaniacs. Control of the galaxy wasn't just going to fall into their laps!
Franchise hurried farther down the hall to see Power Plant round a corner up ahead. Car Alarm clattered behind Franchise on rusted joints and stripped gears that rattled a deluge of clamor. The flame-retardant foam had oiled the robot's joints only a little. Franchise considered giving the robot a piggyback ride just to shut it up.
He reached the corner that Power Plant had turned. Even in foam-dampened socks, his footsteps sounded so amplified that he wondered why the Bad Guys hadn't found them yet. Each step thumped against the walls like the beat of a kettledrum in a closed theater.
"Psst—come lookadis." Power Plant stood at a door a distance down the hall. If not for his enthusiastic waving, Franchise would have missed him because he was so slender that he looked almost invisible at this distance. Franchise hurried, still mindful of the squirting sounds of his socks.
Of course, Car Alarm clanked like a tank with no muffler.
Franchise reached Power Plant and looked at the door. "If this is another barracuda nursery, I get your Snoopy T-shirt." Didn't look like anything he recognized but—
Oh, yes. He stood rigidly, like a hungry man ogling his favorite meal, and abruptly he wanted a knife and fork to go along with this room. With a smirk spreading over his lips, he reread the words etched on the door in brown crayon: WEAPONS STOREROOM.
"What d'ya thinks is in there?" Power Plant asked. "I betcha party hats."
Franchise stiffened. Wait a second. What if the Bad Guys hadn't yet stocked the storeroom? What if it remained an empty plate in the buffet of rooms this space station contained? What if all that sat behind the door were empty light-bullet shells and broken light beamers? What if the guns were pink? No way would Franchise use a pink gun. But, crock, what with Master Asinine's stylistic preference, the guns were probably periwinkle purple with traffic lights attached.
Power Plant stepped toward the door with a perk in his heels. The door faded to reveal the room's contents, so Franchise and Power Plant entered. Rows and—with a choke, Franchise inhaled the storeroom and stumbled through the doorway—rows and rows and…The low light showed rows stretching into infinity. And nothing pink!
Car Alarm might have already clattered in. Franchise didn't care to pay attention. He dared not look away from the narrow area that spilled out before him with weapons befitting an army. He felt around the wall for the door's locking button, his gaze grasping the tremendous room. His hand found the button, and the door solidified and locked. Before he finished tasting the cornucopia of one row of weapons, before he determined which row sated his appetite most, he caught sight of another. Like a boy in a candy store, Franchise couldn't focus on any single item. Ooh, a gun from the Mary Moore catalog!
He gently took the nearest gun, a Barsk. He turned it over, his famished eyes tasting its contours, its frame, every reflection in its barrel, every groove, every outline. He didn't know how to use a Barsk, but that had never stopped him before. His most fun trips to the infirmary were caused by using things he didn't know how to use.
Ooh, he spotted star busters. The Barsk forgotten, he dropped it to blunder down a row of shelving racks that towered over him on both sides and displayed weapons according to type: semiautomatic, fully automatic, handheld, antipersonnel, antiaircraft, anti-antiaircraft, anti-anti-antiaircraft, anti-semi-personnel-aircraft. Spears.
He skipped the spears.
Power Plant stepped through a gap in the aisle in front of Franchise. He studied a missile launcher in his hands. The launcher was preloaded, the yellow tip of its ammunition peeking shyly out of one end. Franchise hoped it was the right end.
"This one's so fierce!" Power Plant laughed. "Betcha I could 'splodes up a big, fat elephant wit' one shot outta this. That's how good I am wit' dese things. Hows ya use it?"
"Like every other gun. Point and fi—"
"Come out of that room, Good Guys, or feel my wrath!" a voice bellowed from beyond the door. The voice snorted.
"Holy Shenandoah!" Franchise whirled around to face the door and staggered backward into a rack of firearms, causing it to rock. The satisfaction in his recently fed eyes shriveled. With a child's expression of fright, he clamped his mouth shut, but his teeth still revved up chattering momentum. And his heartbeat—his piston-slamming heartbeat—became the single focus of the acoustics of the room. "A-are we technically t-trespassing or attending a h-housewarming party?"
* * *
"Feel your wrath? Got any other clichés you wanna dust off? Maybe at the same time they can eat your shorts."
Lefty heard Plaster's under-the-breath chuckle, a heavy, sandpaper grumble further marred by a thick Bronx accent. Schizophrenic tightened his fists, Lefty biting down on his metallic toothpick hard enough to snap it. At least this chase assignment helped him escape the Bad Guy lounge and Asinine's newest musical acquisition, Teen Chick Tracks Cram It Up Your Earhole 18, on incessant repeat. He didn't know how much longer he could stand listening to teenage girls complain about their bad breakups.
In this bright and crowded hallway, Schizophrenic easily sized up Plaster, the six-and-a-half-foot collection of dripping, plasterlike skin. The foully grinning fiend looked like the punch line of a multibillion-moolah experiment in the study of the brain to endure hideousness. At a baby's birth, the obstetrician slapped the newborn's bottom end. When Plaster was born, someone should have slapped both ends. Unluckily, the doctor had probably slapped the wrong one. Not that Lefty freaking blamed him since figuring out which of Plaster's ends to slap was a best-guess scenario. Odds stood against anyone figuring out anything on Plaster without an anatomy chart.
Lefty snorted. "Yeah. Feel my wrath. You have a problem with my wrath, you ugly-stick victim?" He punctuated his sentence with another snort.
"No, I ain't got no problem wit' your wrath." Plaster's gravelly chuckle cheese-grated Lefty's ears again. A mass of salmon-hued skin dripped from his cheek onto the floor. He approached, leaving his usual viscous footprint. Lefty hardly beared to turn to him but somehow he managed. He looked at Plaster's red eyes, nostrils, and mouth, the only things his constantly melting, constantly replenishing flesh exposed. Plaster's teeth grinned back with the malicious leer of a skull.
Which reminded Lefty: Plaster's breath stank like fish.
Mechanism stepped forward, clad in his seven-foot, off-white mechanical armor. Emphasis on that impact-resistant armor, he'd have you know. "Let us progress with this charade, you maladjusted miscreants. You should be so thankful you have one such as me to accompany you. Waste neither my time nor my talents. I am, after all, a student of the illustrious Frederick Snogsbottom." Thus spoke the one Terran who possessed the hyperability to smugly insult anybody saddled with an IQ lower than three million. And he had expensive tastes to boot.
Mechanism strode to the armory door and shoved aside Ice Cream Headache, a Terran with the hyperability to numb anyone's brain in frozen agony. In her blue-and-white impact suit, Ice Cream Headache smiled mischievously, a waft of wintry condensation vapor curling from her nostrils. What a freak. And this coming from the guy with two heads.
Schizophrenic could kick himself for letting Master Asinine team him up with these idiots. These three were Asinine's answer for the downfall of the Good Guys. They were also his answer for roach control.
"Plaster has a problem with my wrath. Any of you other special-needs kids have a problem with it?" Lefty asked before issuing another snort.
Seconds ticked by without a sound. Schizophrenic's three charges studied him, their faces lined with obvious contempt. A throat cleared. Righty's. "I do."
Sneering, Lefty poked Righty's eyes with bull-horn fingers. "We have the same pissing wrath, you rat-faced gutter punk."
* * *
"What do we do what do we do?" Franchise flattened himself against the cold row of weapons behind him. His knees still knocked together like rams battling in their season of heat.
"Dunno. Prob'ly not much. So far as what we gots is one set o' Bad Guys tooks off an' the other's fightin' over some guy's raff. They's gots the focus of a woodpecker wit' ADD." Power Plant knelt and placed his missile launcher on the tiled floor. "How do ya turns this thing on? Ooh, it gots kickback control."
"You don't know how to—" Franchise's eyes opened so widely he was afraid they would slip out of their sockets. He realized how loudly he'd spoken and quieted so the Bad Guys couldn't hear him. "You don't know how to turn it on? Are there instructions?"
"Like insides the barrel?" Power Plant rolled the launcher until the trigger guard clanged against the floor. "Oh, here some." He placed a finger underneath a line of tiny writing located near the trigger and recited the scratched words, "'Keeps out o' reach o' children.'" He stared at the launcher and shrugged. "Check."
Franchise reached for the door's unlock button with a hand that convulsed uncontrollably. He had to act. But how? How could they get away? How could he help this situation? He shook so much he couldn't aim. He hesitated, retracted his hand from the button. No. No way. He couldn't fight. Power Plant could, but Franchise couldn't. Power Plant could blast through these thugs, but Franchise could only bumble out.
"I h-have an idea," Franchise said. He gulped and rubbed his head to lessen his lingering headache.
"What's it?"
"You go out there and blast them all. You've got the laser hyperability thing."
"What? No way is I goin' out there!" Power Plant stood and gestured determinedly at the door.
Franchise stabbed a finger at him. "Hey, I own your soul." He maintained the stiffness in that finger for only a second before it shook. He swallowed but choked on a gasp that followed. "Y-you have to do what I say, and if-f I say to go out there and blast them all, you g-go out there and blast them all. I don't make the rules. I just follow them."
"Why's it the rules to ownin' a soul is startin' to sounds a lots like th' way you plays Twenny Questions?"
"At least I don't think the answer to every question is 'Can I have a puppy.'"
* * *
"Looks like they ain't too interested in your wrath," Plaster said.
Lefty didn't bother to turn. He'd rather shove his pistol down Plaster's maw than look at that roadkill victim again. No matter what mask you covered Plaster's face with, he was not a beautiful sight.
Plaster grunted. "If these guys are as diabolical as Asinine says, we're in for some real trouble."
What a gullible freak. Lefty snorted. "You seriously think these idiots are the most diabolical agents Legion has? Asinine thinks the guy at Space Cow is diabolical because he keeps putting too many onions in his rump burger."
"Let's just take care of them." Ice Cream Headache curled her fingers, mist seeping from her mouth whenever she breathed. Her words slithery and her syllables stretched, she talked with the frostiness of her media name. "Open the door." She swept a trail of raven hair over one shoulder.
"Door's locked." Lefty rapped his knuckles on it. "No problem, though. They'll give in eventually."
Mechanism's armored mouthpiece crinkled his voice. "Do you expect those small-minded delinquents simply to hand themselves over?" he asked. "Okay, aside from those small-minded delinquents most likely handing themselves over, they are hopeless, infantile swine, and we must deal with them in an appropriate manner, not unlike the robust flavor of a freshly poured glass of Snobbière's rolling down one's palate."
"I'm not giving them a spanking, you upper-class lush."
Mechanism crossed his arms, exposing his full-body armor's red-and-blue hinges. "Is the two-week grounding out of the question, as well?"
Schizophrenic stepped toward Mechanism and pointed a fist up at his narrow eye slit. "I'd like to ground you for two weeks. Can't you just fire a missile at the door?"
"This is Master Asinine's favorite door. If we destroy it, we return to mandatory breakfasts in suppository form. Simply barbaric. Not for one as cultured as I."
"That ain't a big deal for you chumps what ain't fond o' Jagged-Os," Plaster said.
"Then how will we unlock the door? Do any of you idiots have one—freaking—single—iota—of an idea?" Lefty asked. Righty opened his mouth, but Lefty slapped a hand over it before the first juvenile word spewed forth. "And, no, we can't huff and puff and blow the door down." Righty closed his mouth.
"I can freeze their minds from here." Ice Cream Headache raised a hand at the door. The tiny plastic icicles that lined her sleeves and leggings shook.
Lefty moved his toothpick to speak. "We still wouldn't be able to unlock the door and, last time that happened to someone, your victim's bowels contracted. No way am I letting that smell fester in our armory. I shave with those guns."
"I shall simply use my exquisite armor to interface with the door and release its lock," Mechanism said in preparation to show off his array of gadgets and weapons extensive enough to make Lefty sick whenever he bragged.
With a whir, the index fingertip of Mechanism's right hand folded over to reveal a cross-shaped socket connector. He approached the door, so Schizophrenic stepped aside to give his ego some breathing room. With each step, the thruster chambers underneath his boots clanked against the floor. He knelt to insert his fingertip into the door's lock control. The socket connector slid in with a metallic scrape.
Seconds passed…then a minute. The second minute elapsed. Mechanism remained motionless. Finally, Lefty asked, "You finished hacking the door yet?"
"Wait. I am also using my bodysuit to acquire one hundred free hours of Intergalacticnet access for Master Asinine."
"Just open it." Schizophrenic kicked Mechanism in the hip. His armor chimed with a harmless ping.
"Very well. But you can deal with him when his access expires." Mechanism stood, and the l‑door faded with its familiar descending whoomp.
Chapter Ten: Like Talking in Sign Language to a Blind Person
"Legion!"
In his office, Legion wanted to kick his oak desk when that despicable voice emanated from the connection he'd moments ago opened. To determine the caller's identity, he didn't have to look at the viewscreen that had appeared in front of the wall beyond his desk. The voice belonged to Lowensland, the only person whose war strategies were as effective as typing with your forehead.
Sending Power Plant and Franchise on a mission alone was bad enough. Now Legion had to send a retrieval team to get them back…if they were still alive. But how could he assemble one with Lowensland interrupting him? And how had Lowensland figured out his viewscreen's calltag, anyway?
Legion had too much on his plate to bother with this debased killer's viewscreen calls, especially with potential investors visiting in only a few days. But he had to answer anyway. He slumped in his chair. "Lowensland, how have you—" He choked on the small talk in which he forced himself to indulge, tasting salt in his throat. This devolved ape didn't deserve the gift of life, let alone conversation. "How have you been?" His speech thick and heavy, he struggled through the words. If his hatred intensified, his vocabulary would probably degrade into caveman grunts.
Where was a bulky Cro-Magnon club when someone needed bludgeoning?
"Actually, quite good. Before I continue, I have a question. Do you put your pants on one leg at a—"
"Enough!" Legion grabbed a hologram disk from within the sea of datasheets that covered his desk. He hurled the disk away and bulleted a stare at the vermin whose mug dominated the viewscreen. The viewscreen only showed Lowensland from the neck up. How Legion longed to strangle that neck. "You killed Sopher! You're a disgrace to the entire legend of Intergalactic Protection! Do you realize what subhuman slime you are? What do you want?"
Lowensland looked dumbfounded, blinking at the projector's remnants that clattered to rest. "Well, I do have a gift registry open at Hoarder Den, and I—"
Legion pounced onto the wave of datasheets on his desk. He hurled himself at the viewscreen, clutched it, and tried to yank it off the wall. No give. "I mean, what can you possibly be calling me about?" Legion couldn't look at Lowensland, couldn't stand the sight of the man who still woke in the morning and called himself a viable member of society. He forced himself away. "Just say what you have to say, and then leave me alone."
"I have some captives who might interest you," the ooze wrapped in Terran skin said. "And this time they aren't Tweedledum and Tweedledee."
What? So Power Plant and Franchise were alive? And, to retrieve them, would Legion really have to deal with this moron? He released a sigh that sounded louder than the whoosh of ventilation pervading the room. "We've been over this, Lowensland. You never had Tweedledum and Tweedledee. They're fictitious characters. You were trying to trick me."
"I still say I had the Tweedles, but enough about that. Now I have others who might interest you. You'll want them back, if I know you and your…What are they called? Where you have a brain and it works and it tells you how to behave. You know, something you have and I don't."
"Common sense?"
"No, not tha—Morals! That's it. Ah, those morals. Anyway, I know you, and I know it goes against your morals to leave them here. So I have a deal for you."
"Another deal involving the complete works of The Teletubbies?"
"No. I told you I can't understand a word they say. I mean…what's a tipsy? And there were tougher two-syllable words. But enough about literature. I have a situation, and it's rather unfair. You've sent me your most cunning and crafty masterminds. They've confounded me at every turn, but we will soon have them."
Power Plant and Franchise…cunning and crafty? Those weren't exactly the nicknames Legion would have come up with for them. Maybe Legion hadn't sent them on that mission but was mixing up something in his mind. But whom would he have sent? Maybe he'd jumped into a different timeline where Power Plant and Franchise were useful. He scratched his head at the viewscreen. "I sent you my most cunning and crafty men?"
"Yes."
"Are you sure?"
Lowensland opened his mouth before speaking. His eyes shifted left to right in thought and then back to center. "Pretty sure. They've been eluding me for some time now and are running my Bad Guys in circles. Confusion is their game."
"This is Power Plant and Franchise?"
"No, this is cunning and crafty. Look, my deal is this: I give you back your agents and you give me"—he leaned closer, his face now filling the viewscreen's entire display. Legion imagined his cracker breath from here—"ten gobs of money."
What? Ten gobs of money? Lowensland always talked about these gobs and made them sound so impressive. Legion never understood the lingo, but to get his Good Guys back, he had to negotiate on Lowensland's terms. "Seven gobs and you have a deal."
"Seven gobs? They're cunning and crafty! Eight-and-a-half gobs—and no less."
"Eight gobs of—" He slapped his forehead so hard it twinged. "I can't believe I'm bargaining with you like this. What, pray tell, is a gob of money?"
"It's exactly ten chunks o' change. Who taught you about currency?"
"I'm not giving you gobs of money."
"Oh, come on. I'll be your best friend." Lowensland's face degenerated into an expression for which Legion felt no sympathy. "Again."
"No deal. You give them back, or I'm launching a strike force!" Wait! Those words escaped his mouth before he could stop them. A strike force? What was he thinking? Even if all his Good Guys were available, he hadn't the manpower or the authorization to launch a strike force. What an idiot he was!
"What's your stance on letting me have just one?"
"Return them or else, Lowensland!"
"Fine. No gobs of money. I'll make you another deal. I'll give them back if you guess whether I'm wearing pants."
"You debased, no-good, circus sideshow…Neanderthalish…" Legion struggled to contain his rage and finish his sentence. Although a million adjectives trundled through his mind, he couldn't think of the elusive words to express his iron-scorching repugnance for that man. The intense effort contorted his face into something anguished and labored. Finally, he blurted, "You're not wearing pants!"
Lowensland clicked his tongue. "Oooh, sorry. The one time I actually am."
"Get out of my sight. I want them returned safely within one hour, or we will destroy you."
"Should I gift-wrap them for you? They might suffocate."
"Bring them back, Lowensland!"
"Not on your life. On another matter, can I ask you if you know a three-letter word for feline? I'm working on this crossword puzzle, and I'm—"
"Control, acknowledge. Viewscreen off."
The viewscreen flickered off with a click and shrank to a tiny horizontal line. The horizontal line shrank into a dot that winked from existence. Legion panted, the strain of his shouting session prickling his throat. Every inch of his body became motionless, aside from the muscle tics that compensated for the adrenaline exploding through his system.
He grabbed his coffee mug and hurled it at where the viewscreen had been. The mug struck and shattered, splashing cold muck against the wall. Legion shut his eyes and dropped into his chair.
Power Plant and Franchise, trapped at the hands of the universe's most powerful meathead…if Lowensland's problem really was Power Plant and Franchise. Legion could have sworn he'd sent no one else. The thought threw his brain into memory burps. He clearly remembered briefing those two, but now they had somehow become the most frustrating minds Lowensland had ever dealt with. Why was a trip to the Bad Guys' space station the one thing that injected them with half a brain? Lowensland couldn't have meant them, but Legion would have to assume he did. And now was the time to tell Burnout about his brother's situation.
Legion never thought he'd have to don his fireproof jean jacket again.
Chapter Eleven: Needles in a Crocking Haystack
Schizophrenic's left head searched one side aisle in the armory but found nothing except rows of untouched firearms arranged on racks. The firearms sat so innocently, yet most could poke a hole through an eye at thirty yards. That was what Lefty liked: measuring the eye-poking distance.
His knees rising to his waist with every stride, Schizophrenic…crept…stealthily…soundlessly. Only the scuffing of his footsteps on the floor drew a mousy shush. Ice Cream Headache followed, bringing her wintry aura along. Somewhere in this long armory, Mechanism and Plaster searched as well. Lefty wasn't sure the four of them needed to split into pairs, but this way he could return to his cow tipping sooner. For now, these rogue Good Guys ran loose, a threat for which Master Asinine made no allowance. Of course, he made no allowance for the threat of a traveling vacuum-cleaner salesman, either. Asinine seemed to have a low threat-allowance threshold.
The Good Guys' arrival made it obvious they'd discovered the Bad Guys' use of this station. Relocating the station was now a pressing concern. Of course, Brick would quickly point out the power they lacked to relocate the station. And he'd be quick to point it out with complicated gobbledygook no one could understand.
Schizophrenic reached the end of the aisle. Lefty looked down an intersecting path, silence still dropping his mood into a ho-hum ennui. He nodded to Ice Cream Headache to creep back the way they had come. Raising his Autoling nine-millimeter, Sarah May, to his shoulder, he straightened from his crouch.
Lefty's plan was to pace back and forth until these punks showed themselves, but that idea grew more pointless with each passing moment. They would never show themselves. Could he smell them out? No. Only the aluminum-scented oil of Mechanism's gears played into his nostrils.
He looked left at a rack holding missile launchers. It sat as serenely as if nothing had ever touched its murderous contents, though the generics had transported it only hours earlier. He surveyed the rack—
Schizophrenic's swift kick to the third shelf dumped the rack backward. It crashed to the floor in a racket like shattering glass. Missile launchers scattered in disarray, which was as cool as…as…Well, the fact that the Bad Guys had enough missile launchers to kick around was cool enough.
"Do-gooders, listen up," Lefty said. Righty hummed the theme from The Jetsons. "I don't like you. You probably don't like me, but I don't care. My only concern is how big a hole I can rip into your freakish do-goodnik heads. Frankly, I don't even care what with, just that I can."
Schizophrenic slammed a boot into the rack opposite the spilled one. A set of proton lasers littered the floor in a high-stakes game of pick-up sticks.
"And it's only a matter of time until one of us finds you. It could take a minute. It could take an hour—"
"Found 'em!" Plaster's grating voice erupted from two aisles away. Lefty groaned. Was he not allowed one good monologue?
"Oh, goodie," Righty said. Lefty's only saving grace from giddy clapping was that both heads controlled the hands. That presented a problem because they had to brush two sets of teeth, and Righty insisted on singing throughout the ordeal. The thought of decapitating Righty would be so tempting if it wouldn't lead to the permanent paralysis of that side of the body.
Righty's beaming smile made his decapitation number one on Lefty's to-do list.
* * *
Mechanism aimed his wrist-mounted dual laser at the delinquents and their robot. Their inferiority was most unworthy of his attention even for the two or three seconds it took for him to pat himself on the back and reflect on his own supremacy. One delinquent was too skinny to do anything but sway in the wind, and the other quivered at Mechanism's splendor. But he had captured them. Effortlessly. Later, he would treat himself to an inspiring daydreaming session about the merits of being wonderful, wonderful him.
Schizophrenic swung around the corner. He grabbed a rack of Barsks and used it to pull himself forward, yanking the rack to the ground. The Barsks clattered into a mess. He did not miss a beat in his approach and slammed his hand into the blond youth's forehead. But what else would one expect from a barbarian such as the two-headed chief of security? No better than what to expect from the horseplay of Mechanism's other childish associates. Or his leader.
Schizophrenic thrust the blond against the wall with a left hand that clawed the youth's chin and hauled him onto his tiptoes. That infantile display caused Mechanism to groan. He wished a modicum of civility would grace the two-headed half-wit.
Schizophrenic's left face sprang to within an inch of the blond's and gritted its teeth. "Who—are—you?" Each word echoed through the armory separately.
With a boundless grin that told Mechanism there truly was no limit to man's ignorance, the skinny blond said, "Power Plant. Ya needs a Tic Tac." Mechanism suddenly liked this youth.
"Wait a second." Recognition dawned on Lefty's face. Whatever thought flickered through his brain, Mechanism felt sympathy for it in its limited stretching room. "I…I know you." Mechanism pictured the long-since-snuffed light bulb buzzing over Lefty's head to mark the agonized task of thought. He supposed he should give Schizophrenic partial credit, though, since at least Righty did not attempt such daring feats as remembering.
"Y-you know us?" The other Good Guy began cracking his knuckles, an act from which Mechanism recoiled. How pedestrian a habit. "H-h-h-hhhhh—"
"How?" Lefty tapped Sarah May's barrel against his temple.
The Good Guy gulped, edged against the wall, and nodded hyperactively.
Righty looked at Lefty with a grin across his lips. "The company picnic."
Lefty's eye twitched, and his upper lip curled to bare only the bottoms of his teeth. He resembled a growling wolf. The toothpick that was pressed between his lips shifted sides. "Someone slap this bag of Grade F meat. Twice in one day is too much contact for me." He eyeballed Power Plant, his left index finger motioning in the air as if helping him to think. "No, I do know you. You're…that guy who…What did you do?"
Mechanism groaned. What awful memory retention.
"I painteds my livin' quarters last weekend." Power Plant's blissful chatter bounded from his bottomless well of ignorantly not having a clue.
"No. Something else." Lefty's eyes sprang to life, speaking volumes of the thought that now occupied both of his brain cells. His mouth opened for a full five seconds before he said, "I know. You two"—he looked at Power Plant's knee-knocking companion and then back at Power Plant—"fed that rotten shrimp to two thousand peace delegates at last month's unity meeting. I'd have shot them in the heads, but your way was funnier. They puked seafood for hours. The meeting organizers had to spit-polish the tables before the fist-fights resumed. You…fiends."
Mechanism would have paid more attention to Lefty if not for his dreadful choice of words. He sounded like a commoner. This galaxy needed a good intellect-cleansing.
Power Plant shrugged. "Sounds like sumpin' I'd tries."
Mechanism stepped back. Wait, was Schizophrenic correct? They poisoned peace delegates at such a precarious time in intergalactic relations? That was diabolical.
Schizophrenic released Power Plant's chin and let him stumble and scuff against the dusty wall. The left head turned to Ice Cream Headache and Plaster. "Anybody willing to poison two thousand peace delegates and plow straight into the Bad Guys' space station without a second thought is…crafty. No wonder the Good Guys sent them on this suicide mission. Be careful."
"Their robot also looks pretty happy about something," Righty said. He raised a fist to the robot with the laser-painted mouth. "Stop smiling, funnyman!"
Schizophrenic slammed the robot against the wall, which tolled the armory with a dong. Lefty snorted. "What are you so happy about? Wipe that smile off your face or I'll do it for you. Plaster, get some paint thinner."
"And now you ain't says nothin'?" Power Plant yelled at the robot. "Speak up!"
"We need to cuff them. Plaster, that's your job. I'll cover you." Lefty tightened his grip on Sarah May and, with the other hand, extended to Plaster a pair of hyperstasis handcuffs, gadgets that encased hands and shut off hyperabilities. It would not help: twisted masterminds such as these relied on many tricks. At least the handcuffs would limit their mobility.
"What?" Plaster waved his hands. "Oh, no no no. That ain't my job, pal. They're freakin' crazy. They crashed a transport right into our station." Plaster's pronunciation was subscholarly. But, of course, the melting Terran cared not a whit.
"Quit being a tame little kitten. Someone has to lay cover to make sure they don't try anything and, frankly, your aim is for crock." He thrust the handcuffs at Ice Cream Headache, hitting just above the bosom. "You cuff them, Sundae Special. This might take a woman's touch."
"No way." Ice Cream Headache threw up her hands and stepped back. "I'm not touching them. You're head of security around here."
"That's right," Plaster said. "You're head o' security. You cuff 'em."
Righty snatched at the handcuffs but missed. "If Lefty won't cuff them, I will." Lefty did not even offer a response. 
"Someone gotta cuffs 'em," Power Plant said. His companion sank lower on the wall, mewing.
Mechanism wished someone would perform the task. Why must Master Asinine team him, a scholar of Frederick Snogsbottom, with such substandard flunkies? He wanted to slap Plaster. Then slap the other two. Then slap Plaster again.
"Wimps." Schizophrenic pulled back the handcuffs and let one end hang from his grip. "Fine. You cover me." He smacked Sarah May into Plaster's chest with a wet squish and, to Power Plant, said, "Let's see you scheme your way out of these."
He pounded toward Power Plant and yanked the Good Guy's arms back and shoved him against a rack of harpoon guns and snapped on the cuffs and slammed the blond aside and grabbed Power Plant's companion and produced a second set of handcuffs from a pouch and slapped them around the companion's wrists. "Good. Now let's bring these freaks over to Asinine."
"Don't forget the robot." Plaster shoved the robot away with shaky hands.
"Why? What's with the robot?"
"I dunno." Plaster backed toward a wall. "They're diabolical, ya know? Coulda installed a bomb in the robot."
"Oh, just freaking great," Lefty said. He put a finger to the gabber in his ear. Mechanism wondered why these ignoramuses thought pushing the gabber up their ear canals helped the gabbers to hear their commands. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Master Asinine, speakerphone mode."
The gabber clicked. "Contacting entity Master Asinine. Connection attained."
"Asinine, we have the Good Guys captured. We think the robot may have a bomb."
"Good. I mean good about capturing them, not about the bomb. Bring them to me. I want to look at the faces of deception and mischief firsthand…before I murder them to death." Master Asinine sounded distracted. Were those computerized blips in the background? "If you hurry, you will witness the final humiliation of King Koopa."
"Sir, grab that mushroom! It makes you throw fireballs from your nose!" Lieutenant IQ 23 said through the connection.
Lefty mouthed the word idiot. Mechanism could not agree more. "Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
Another click. "Connection cut."
"That man's a pissing barnyard animal."
Righty looked up and smiled. "He inspires the best in me, too."
Chapter Twelve: Probably Should Have Updated That Will
Legion squeezed his clammy hands over his face. Not five minutes ago, he had summoned Mark Abends—Burnout to the public—to his office. The haunt control had informed him that Power Plant's older brother was tirelessly running laps on the training gym's track. Last month, Legion had suggested he exercise more rigorously because studies showed increased hyperability control in those who regularly exercised and ate well than in those who were sedentary and ate like Legion did in college. Burnout had taken Legion's suggestion to an extreme. He showed good dedication, though he'd worked out diligently even before.
And in two minutes, Burnout would use that diligence to smolder Legion into a cinder. Not fun times. Legion grabbed the cross that dangled from his necklace. The cross smelled more like sweat than brass.
Legion had had a bad history with fire during his Intergalactic Protection days. A maniac armed with lit batons had broken into Legion's Flagstar transport after it had docked at a public charging outpost in an emergency. His platoon was aboard when the transport burst into flame. Before Legion sealed shut the transport, everyone had escaped…except a cadet named Cedric Warren. Legion couldn't have reopened the hatch without setting fire to the rest of the outpost. He watched Warren burn inside the transport. Now anybody who wielded fire made Legion's stomach numb. Not that he thought Burnout would set fire to Station One, but those memories still wriggled through him like a party favor from one of Lowensland's parasitic insect expos.
"Good Guy entity Burnout has arrived," the haunt control said.
A rap thundered on Legion's door like an iron doorknocker in an empty mansion. A tingle spilled from Legion's chest into the rest of his body. Between Burnout and l‑tech, Legion couldn't take the stress. He'd made his decision: no grandfathering Intergalactic Protection funding to the Good Guys. With investors coming, he didn't need Letchtech's l‑tech or its money. Or its offers for free Spanish tutoring, muchas gracias.
He looked at his palms, at the thin sweat that covered them. This he wiped on his uniform's pant legs. "Control, acknowledge. Unlock closest door." Considering the office's listener, he almost expected the haunt control to restock the floor.
"Closest door unlocked." The door slid away to reveal Burnout's brawny frame. Burnout's cherry-red mop-top lay flattened over his skull. He entered, and that mop-top blazed in the room's light. With suds caking his flattened hair, he rushed into the office, wearing damp clothes and a towel he wiped over his face.
"Sorry I took so long. I was in the gym." Burnout settled into one of the seats in front of Legion's desk more calmly than his brother had earlier that day. He flopped the towel over the chair's back. "Is this about that No-Soul-Betting memo that's been circulating?"
"No, it isn't." Legion hesitated, eyeing Burnout edgily. He was unsure how to broach this subject. To save Power Plant the last time he'd been in trouble, Burnout had melted an eighteen-inch-thick door to slag. This conversation would not go smoothly, but Burnout had to know.
"Mark, I sent Jeff on a suicide mission to the Bad Guys' space station. I don't know if he's alive or dead. So if you'll just pass me that grenade sitting on the corner of my desk, I'll pull the pin and swallow it before you can incinerate me."
Burnout spotted the grenade sitting peacefully on Legion's clean desktop. He handed it dutifully to Legion. Legion pulled its pin, which jangled upon hitting the floor, and shut his eyes. He tossed the grenade into his mouth and swallowed. Lodging in his throat, the grenade blocked his breathing for that split second before everything erupted in a pasty splatter.
That was what Legion ought to have done. That would have been the quickest, most painless death. But on his desk sat no grenade or any other explosive he could swallow.
And datasheets still conquered his desktop.
He looked down, leaned forward, and drummed the desk with the pads of his fingertips. Sweat thickened on his forehead. "Mark, I—" He looked up. "You don't happen to have a grenade, do you?"
"Nnnnooooo." Burnout nodded slowly, his gaze straying. If Legion survived this meeting, his next would require that Burnout bring a grenade.
Legion looked back down at his desk. "I have some bad news."
Burnout's eyes narrowed under brows that frowned. A suspicious glare melted his face into something that unsettled Legion. "What's the bad news?" Burnout asked. Each word stabbed Legion like a fire poker. Then abruptly, "Is it Jeff?"
"I—"
"Tell me what happened!"
Legion startled back against his chair. "My, my. You're looking less murderous today, Mark. Hopefully." He exhaled slowly to calm himself, sent a silent prayer to—
"Tell. Me. What. Happened."
"Whoa. Okay. I sent your—I thought I sent your…Well, there's no one else unaccounted for, so I think I…Okay, the key thing to remember here is I have to live."
"What happened to Jeff? Where is he?" Burnout sprang from his chair and slammed his hands down, slapping the datasheets on the desk. The chair and towel tumbled backward, but Burnout didn't care. The heat that flared from him felt like a barbecue wrapping Legion's face. Legion stood and stepped away before he got too medium rare.
Legion grabbed a laser pen from his desk and squeezed it uneasily. "Hold on, Mark. In fact, I don't know who I sent. Lowensland is giving me a description of your brother that doesn't add up. Actually, he described anybody but Jeff and Jacob. But, then again, Lowensland is dumber than salt. But it's not my fault, Mark. It's not my fault!" It was his fault. Sopher was happening all over again. The haunting gunshot that boomed through Legion's head reminded him of that. He'd known the risks when he'd sent Power Plant on a mission without someone to properly lead. And, since Burnout was Power Plant's legal guardian, Legion needed his permission to send Power Plant on anything more than a grocery trip. He'd learned that after last week's grocery trip.
"What's not your fault?" Burnout's hands blackened marks onto the datasheets, outlining his fingers in charred traces. No longer functional, the datasheet reeked of scorched plastic and wires. "Your answer better be 'blaxploitation films.'"
"I sent Jeff on a surveillance mission. That's all. Jeff, Jacob, and Car Alarm were to watch the Bad Guys, determine entry and exit patterns, eavesdrop on some transmissions. Their transport—" He gasped on a strangled breath. He felt a shock of heat, his words becoming conscious thought. "Their transport crashed into the Bad Guys' space station."
"What?" Crackling flame burst over Burnout and outlined his shoulders and head in an angry orange glow. "You sent Jeff on a mission? What were…I…You're aware of his mental handicap, but you sent him out with Franchise and that useless…" Burnout's face contorted. His hands flopping at his sides, he searched for the proper word.
"Foghorn?" Legion supplied.
"Foghorn!"
"Mark, they're still alive. Lowensland said so." Never mind that Lowensland could have lied. Not a big loss in Car Alarm's case. A subtle voice in Legion's head said his involving Car Alarm was part subconscious setup. "We're trying everything to get them back before Lowensland resorts to torture." Burnout steeled himself, so Legion stood and stumbled against a storage cabinet behind him, away from the smoke burning his nostrils. "Relax, Mark, relax. His favorite torture instrument is a boxful of puppies."
Burnout reared back a fist. "Wait, wait." Legion shielded his face. "I'm putting together a retrieval team right now. It consists of three new agents. Pincushion will protect our secrets by removing the transport wreckage. Kamikaze will act as the pilot and demolitions-and-distraction expert. Since you're low on manpower, he'll double as a field agent and enter combat. And Null is going because, honestly, he could use the fresh air. The team's transport is being prepped. It's a full-sized starship, and—"
"And I'll be on that team," Burnout said. His next oven-flash of heat pressed Legion against the wall.
Legion shut his eyes until the heat subsided. He opened one eye…then opened the other. Burnout's flames had now engulfed his upper body. A charred outline of his skeleton took form beneath his personal inferno, swaying inside the flame. An interesting trick. Another would be not murdering Legion.
"I agree," Legion said.
"You…agree?" Burnout stepped back. His flames disappeared, which cooled the heat to a moderate temperature. The image of his skeleton in those flames disappeared when his body reverted to normal, uncharred. His l‑clothes knitted back together as his flames died.
Legion left the storage cabinet. "I agree. Mark, I once watched you level an entire building looking for your brother. Fortunately, nobody was in there at the time, but you incinerated the first three floors until that thing came down."
"So I'm going?"
"I figure you could either stay here and destroy our entire complex—I'd hate to read the damage report on that—or you could destroy the Bad Guys' new space station, searching for your brother."
Burnout opened his mouth but nothing came out, his eyes shimmering like clear rain puddles. He flopped into a chair with an abrupt loss of spark and words broken by punctuating sobs. "My brother better still be alive." He wiped away the tears on his cheeks.
"Mark, if he's not, I'm willing to bet he melted half of Lowensland's toy trucks. Hit them where it hurts, I always say."
Chapter Thirteen: Introductions All Around
Burnout peered across the Fireball starship, B-Kestrel. He watched the retrieval team collect in the spacious cockpit near the panel of chittering computers. The optimism he had felt before now popped like an inflated balloon bursting at the tap of a pin.
The team Jeff's life hinged on consisted of four people. Four Good Guys against an endless army of Bad Guys. These Bad Guys tripped over one another's feet more than they accomplished anything useful, but still. With the numbers the Bad Guys boasted, half of Asinine's troop routinely spent time on mundane things like laundry duty. Or so showed the statistical analyses that Asinine released.
But this was the team that hoped to extract Burnout's younger brother—the same younger brother he had vowed to protect, the only person he trusted—from the clutches of the insane Master Asinine.
And one of those four was Null, who lay spilled over a seat near the rear of the passenger deck, comatose. Burnout didn't understand Null. Burnout figured that Null didn't understand Null. Null never spoke, heard, moved, or felt. Null never reacted. Null, in fact, only drooled. A lot. Null was null.
Burnout reached into his pocket and pulled out an image still of Jeff as a baby—his single most vital possession. Three white lines creased the still. With a larger-than-life smile, Jeff sat in tattered clothes, sweetly ignorant of the universe's wintry soul. The fat found on a baby was scant on him. Born too light, he had still been healthy. He had had no hair, but the goofy ears sticking out of his temples drew attention away from that.
With congested tear ducts, Burnout remembered when his and Jeff's…"parents"…still lived, back when people still inhabited Terra. He remembered when schoolyard bullies had picked Jeff as a target and how Jeff had lashed back, discovering his hyperability. The bullies had barely survived. So had a good chunk of the teachers' lounge.
Jeff had once returned home sobbing after failing a hard-studied math test. He had expected the punishment their drunken father routinely dealt at the end of a belt under the guise of childrearing, their mother the ridiculing spectator. He hid in his dungeonlike bedroom in the basement, quivering in a darkened corner where Burnout comforted him until their father returned home to dole out the beating, their mother screaming at Jeff to "shut up and take it like a horse" (she was drunk a lot). Exactly like every other time Jeff had been "rebellious." Burnout was luckier, treated with neglect. Jeff would flee to Burnout after the purple bruises had been dealt, his tear ducts drained. He couldn't help failing school. He had a mental handicap! And Burnout could do nothing to that hateful ogre of a nonfather until he realized the hyperability he himself wielded, until he realized he could protect Jeff as well as keep him from eating any more furniture stuffing.
Jeff would never lash out. Their parents had convinced him he deserved his beatings. Burnout knew otherwise. He had always been Jeff's real parent, the one Jeff always escaped to for comfort or protection, whenever he had an untied shoelace or burn marks from an acid-filled balloon. No way would Jeff die in a downed Flagstar. Burnout would smolder every single Bad Guy until his baby brother was found.
"I bet I can put this thing at least a hundred miles close to the sun before we disintegrate!" Kamikaze banged into the navigation computer.
Burnout couldn't help wondering who had given Kamikaze a pilot's license.
Chapter Fourteen: And Now for Something Completely Different…
"You see," Master Asinine said, "it's best to run and then jump on your adversary's head. You can actually jump up to five times your own height by running first, although changing direction in midair is tougher. Also, when you land on your adversary's head, he or she is stunned for two to three seconds more, at which time you can unleash your fury." He reached behind himself to the snack bar and grabbed a handful of jelly beans. Watermelon and that black crap. Yum.
"That was astronomically informative, sir," Lieutenant IQ 23 said. "You're really good at applying video-game physics to real-world scenarios."
Asinine indicated the viewscreen that showed his video game, Snud. "If these things have taught me anything, it's jumping strategies. But this is also key: always look out for that extra stockpile of ammunition lying around on the open floor just waiting for you to grab it. That has helped me out of more bad situations than I can count. Why, I remember a time, immediately after I got repeatedly bashed in the head and became delusional, when I grabbed an entire clip of shotgun ammunition from a ledge in this castle atop the clouds."
Master Asinine, Lieutenant IQ 23, and Braindead sat scattered on three of the four leather l‑armchairs in the middle of the Bad Guy rec room, the WRECK ROOM as labeled on the door. Asinine had set the armchairs to permanent tangibility so they'd remain solid whether someone sat in them or not. A baby blue coffee table squatted among them, uncluttered apart from a portrait that depicted a summertime romance of a man kissing his life good-bye before a gigantic robot stomped him into baby food.
The door to Asinine's Wreck Room vanished. Braindead stood and stepped forward, removing his gun from its holster. He was well trained, and he knew to guard this room until his final dying twitch.
Schizophrenic emerged from the hallway shadows. Plaster and Ice Cream Headache followed, herding forth two of the Good Guys. The third Good Guy, that fat robot who looked more like a beach ball than anything else, clackity-clacked in a waddle across the candy cane–striped carpet. Mechanism prodded it with kicking boots that clicked at each stretched stride. He almost banged into the missile-loaded mistletoe that hung from the ceiling.
Asinine assessed the Good Guys suspiciously. "So…these are the three most dangerous minds Legion has to offer? It's a good thing we caught them before they unplugged the station's power core or else I'd have to reset my alarm clock."
"Our oxygen scrubbers would cease to purify our air, as well," Mechanism said.
Asinine clicked his tongue. "Enough about oxygen. You obsess over that stuff like you breathe it. But my alarm clock! Man, that thing is tough. It's got six buttons."
Plaster raised an open palm. "Hey, stop wit' the technical stuff. Six buttons?"
Master Asinine approached the one called Franchise. Franchise of what, though? Did coffee shops dangle under his armpits? And if he kept cracking his knuckles, Asinine was going to break them off.
His hand tapping his chin, he paced around the coffee table. "These are Legion's smartest Good Guys, sent to disrupt my broadcast feed and interrupt my teen pop listening time? But"—he spun around—"you forgot one thing, gentlemen…and gentle-robot. In your efforts to disrupt my broadcast feed, you neglected to destroy the broadcast antenna that provides it."
Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped forward. "Sir, that's exactly what they did."
Master Asinine considered this. "Oh, yeah. Huh. Well, no matter, because, in your efforts to disrupt my broadcast feed, you neglected to destroy the broadcast an—"
"Sir."
"Right, right. Already forgot. But I still have the upper hand. Legion won't let you die. You're his craftiest commodities. In fact, I just called him about you three and he was quaking in his boots. I knew those morals of his would get him into trouble one day. So I have a bargaining chip. Soon he'll bow to my demands and get me one of those cool pins that IP hands out to kids when they visit."
"The ones that light up, sir?"
"Precisely. Lieutenant, you've earned yourself another gold star. Eight thousand more and you can get that flesh-eating kitten I've wanted for so long."
Asinine examined Power Plant and Franchise. Power Plant was so skinny he looked undernourished. Franchise avoided Asinine's stare, no doubt terrified of his ability to stack wickedly high cardhouses.
Asinine approached them, his hands held behind his back. "You three have been a thorn in my side for far too many days. Lieutenant, exactly how many days have they been a thorn in my side?"
"Zero point zero eight, sir."
A menacing gleam filled Asinine's eye, which he resolutely aimed at his captives. "You're just lucky you haven't reached zero point one." He resumed pacing. He strode past the fat robot and slammed the heel of his palm on the prominent soda tab of its stomach. A can rumbled down its innards and into the hole hollowed out of its belly. Asinine retrieved the can and opened it, which caused a cloud of breezy fizz to mist the air.
With Plaster's hold fastened around his neck, Power Plant swung at the Good Guy robot with a kick, but he only reached the air in front of it. "All this time I puttin' money in there, and you gives sodas away for nothin'? You gots them gold-plated legs 'cause o' me! That ain't right."
"You think you have it tough? Every time I use the thumbprint reader on my machines, they filch my money but I get bubkes. But no matter. Soon Legion will attack with more forces, and I'll have my best generics waiting for them." Asinine snickered, raised the open soda can to his mouth, and slurped up the cherry liquid he tipped from it.
"Sir, you sent your best generics on a garden-supply run," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
With the can still hanging from his lip as if fastened on, Asinine eyed IQ 23. A jitter skittered up his legs, escaped into his stomach, and finally shook his torso. "Are you serious? Even our ninja assassin?"
"Yes, sir, little Billy as well. You said ninjas have an uncanny sense of what tools best loosen dirt and gouge out a man's eyes."
Asinine threw the soda can at a wall. It spurted its contents, dropped, and gushed out the rest. "And you let me? No wonder all I could find to fight those Good Guys were these leftovers." He indicated Schizophrenic and the others. "Aw, man, now I have to take care of things. I was looking forward to a relaxing evening in. Now I have to kill somebody." He tossed his arms up recklessly and kicked a nearby armchair. A second kick overturned it. "I guess unlocking the secret of Monkey Island will have to wait until tomorrow."
He leaned back and fell into one of the armchairs that remained upright. It hugged the contours of his majestic buttocks. He placed his forehead in his hand and pouted. With what feeble strength he could muster, he pounded the arm of the chair and sniffled. "Okay, everyone. To the weapons room. I guess."
"The weapons room is thoroughly trashed," Lefty said. "The Good Guys made sure of that."
Power Plant tried to wrest free of Plaster's grip. "Hey, that was y—" Schizophrenic elbowed Power Plant's side, and Power Plant crumpled.
Master Asinine eyeballed Power Plant and Franchise. "Trashing our weapons room? That's not devious. That's just mean. Did they leave anything alone?"
"The potato guns," Lefty said.
"Fine. We do this the fun way. Mechanism, grab some potato guns and meet us out at the wreckage."
Mechanism crossed his arms. "Those weapons are so archaic."
Master Asinine sprang from his armchair. "How dare you call our potato guns words I can't spell!"
Mechanism groaned underneath his mask. "Very well. Those weapons are so"—he checked his leader—"weaksauce." Asinine nodded approvingly.
Asinine decided barking more orders at people would help the situation. "Schizophrenic, take the fat robot to the kitchen. And refill his dispenser with something other than cherry cola. You know my policy on fruit sodas. I want him outside and ready to dispense. And find out if he transforms into a mobile refreshment stand. Lieutenant, you and Braindead gather everyone outside. I want every available Bad Guy at the ready. Next, head to the kitchen for ammunition. And make sure not to use the sweet potatoes. I've got plans for tomorrow's dinner. Ice Cream Headache and Plaster, watch these sly masterminds. I'll code their handcuffs to your thumbprints. But be careful. They might try to dupe you. They're veeeerrryyyy good at that.
"And, once we're finished with that strike force Legion is assembling…kill these prisoners but good."
Chapter Fifteen: Raging Psychos
Burnout rounded in his frenzied pacing and redirected toward B-Kestrel's cockpit area. He peered out at the space station that rested ahead of the inadequate military starship that approached it at a slothful pace, not at his brother's raging breakneck haste at the lunch line when he heard tacos were on the menu. Jeff had better be fine—better be—or Burnout would jam Asinine through a thruster filter.
Burnout remembered the questions Jeff used to ask when they were younger: "Why all perfumes have Frenchy names? What's electricity tastes like? What Daddy means whens he call me a idiot?" No way would Burnout allow those memories to become a waste. Except that last one. That last one could go.
He paced past Kamikaze. Kamikaze had the hyperability of self-propelled flight, but his most suicidal hyperability lay in his capability to autoresurrect after only a few hours. No matter the cause, whether through suffocation or a severed head, he reassembled and returned to life. Burnout vowed that menace would not interfere with Jeff's rescue. So when Kamikaze stepped into the cockpit area, the straps from his pilot's helmet dangling around his chin and a skewer piercing one ear, Burnout kept his focus lasered on the psycho.
Kamikaze slapped his hand over a collection of buttons on the mainframe panel. "Let's see if we can make this thing fly faster. And, by faster, I mean about thirty times the speed of light."
Burnout grabbed the madman and swung him away from the panel. "Don't touch a thing. I've heard your reputation. You see death as a rush. Well, not here, you don't. We're here to pull Jeff off that space station, so you and your perverse outlook on death won't go near anything or, so help me, I'll behead you. Wait a second."
"Good idea." Kamikaze scrambled around Burnout and dived for the panel again.
"You're going to overload the power lines!" This time Burnout spun the irresponsible screw-up away from the panel and, with reckless force, slammed him against a wall on the shadowy side of B-Kestrel. "Didn't you hear me? Aboard this transport, you don't mess anything up—or I will burn you like a bad roast."
Kamikaze winked. "Beheading. Burning. It's all good."
That was it. Burnout reared back a fist and flung—
Abioye Iwu—Pincushion as he was media-named—caught the fist and deflected it. His ebony skin rendering him nearly invisible in the darkness, he moved fluidly, despite the one-foot extensions of his bones that jutted from him at irregular points. Not a good candidate for a hug.
A sizzle met Burnout's ear. Pincushion caught his fist but yanked his hand away. He waved the hand with a wince before tenderly caressing it with the other hand. Burnout lunged again, but Pincushion grabbed him by the shoulders and forced him against the wall. The wall started softening from the heat Burnout produced. "Burnout, we can't save anybody with you coming unhinged."
"This guy had better stay out of the crocking cockpit, or I'll let him live, so help me!" Burnout burst forward, but Pincushion planted his heels into the tiles of the floor and maintained his hold. The heat wafting from Burnout forced Pincushion to look away, tears in his eyes. He blocked his face with an outstretched shoulder.
Burnout clutched at Kamikaze, crazed hooks for fingers. He couldn't reach though he swung frantically. "He pilots transports like they're bumper cars. He already jammed the access port trying to cut off his own hand. Its machinery is all gummed up! Because of that, we have to figure out how to get out of this starship through a door that can't open. And now he's using the thruster feed as a waterslide. If he screws anything else up, I'm leaving him behind. Do you hear me back there?"
"Fine with me." Kamikaze tumbled into a passenger's seat next to the comatose Null. He looked over and tilted Null's head onto the right shoulder so the coma victim would drool from the other side. Like flipping a mattress. With a pout making his lower lip pronounced, he twiddled his thumbs around each other until his face brightened. He reached into his holster and retrieved a laser pistol, chuckling with a glint in his eye. After he fiddled with the pistol's settings lever, he aimed it at his temple. He pulled the trigger and a beam flashed over his ear with a buzz of microwaves. "Whoa, that really cooks."
Burnout watched Kamikaze, his face chiseled in anger. He pushed away from the wall and felt the once-solid metal behind him now dot his back.
Pincushion let go uneasily, looking satisfied that Burnout wouldn't lunge again, and moved toward the pilot's seat. A pronounced limp on his cybernetic knee squeaked with every step. He sat and scanned the trajectory displays in the navigation monitors.
Restlessness trickled through Burnout's ribs, but he suppressed the aching twitch in his limbs, the urge to pounce out of this Fireball starship and rocket to the space station under his own flight, to take control of Jeff's rescue. No, he couldn't lose his cool or Jeff would—would—
"We're nearing the space station." In a sleepy glaze, Pincushion pulled his seat forward and tapped a button to switch the fore display on the windshield monitor to a wireframe schematic of their position. "We have about four minutes until we reach standard watch distance. From then on, we'll be uncloaked until we land ten minutes later."
From behind them, Kamikaze asked, "Anybody mind if I eat this light-bullet?"
"Go ahead!" Pincushion pointed to the monitor where B-Kestrel edged closer to a wireframe space station. He clicked a button to add to the wireframe layout a smattering of information downloaded from transport F-Eagle's black box. The wreckage of the Flagstar appeared in the area above their flight path's contact point. "This is where your brother and Jacob crashed. My experience in the police force says we should circle to the other side and find a safer angle. The Bad Guys won't expect us over there."
Burnout swallowed through a swollen throat. His brother's situation forced his stomach to squirm. He tried to forget Kamikaze and the risk in using such a psychopath as a pilot. He tried to concentrate on planning. He tried to concentrate on Jeff.
A muffled burp erupted behind them. Kamikaze called back, "The light-bullet didn't work so well. Mind if I stick my head in our thruster pump?"
"Just make sure to come back to life by the time we arrive," Pincushion said. If gorillas had voices, they would sound like Pincushion. "Anyway, we slip through their atmospheric bubble. We circle around to the other side of the station, check out the wreckage, and go from there. Hopefully Asinine hasn't set up his hyena catapults."
Burnout's change of focus did the trick. The heat he had produced now cooled. He focused on planning their entry, but that focus tug-of-warred with thoughts of Jeff's safety and Kamikaze's impending beating by a sack of doorknobs. "That might not work." The thin voice that spoke was hardly his own. "Master Asinine's probably facing the wrong direction. Never underestimate his ability to screw up even a simple watch. I think we should slip in at my brother's point of entry."
Kamikaze bolted from his seat. "The fuel pump only burned off two layers of skin. Let me check our emergency repair kit for a drill."
"Will you shut up and pilot the starship? We're planning my brother's rescue!" Burnout would have lit Kamikaze on fire if Pincushion hadn't put a hand on his shoulder. Didn't help that Kamikaze had earned his pilot's license at a funeral parlor. Every few moments, Burnout's life insisted on flashing before his eyes. What disturbed him was his life was a slideshow of his younger brother's ideas of recreational calamities.
Burnout placed his head against the cold dashboard. Jeff had better be safe. Burnout longed for the simple things: helping Jeff finish his homework, flipping through videochip images of their younger days on Terra, and showing him his favorite pop-up books with those zany pictures he loved.
Pincushion lifted his head. "Okay, we try it that way, but I think we should increase speed a little once we pass the watch point. I want to beeeeeee…" Pincushion's head lolled as if his mind had drifted to sleep, but he returned. "Ho-okay. Anyway, I don't want to be a sitting duck for longer than a few minutes. Once we land, you'll have to cover me for my reconnaissance of that downed Flagstar. After that, I'm back in this Fireball to prep it for departure, so you won't get much help from me. But I think our basic plan should stick."
"Agreed, but cover yourself. My mission is Jeff." If Burnout's baby brother still lived, those two sentences had engraved his rescue in immutability forever.
"Hey, anybody know where the drill from the repair kit is? All I found were gauze pads. I taped them on, but I can still see out of the corners of my eyes, so I can tell the drill's missing. Whoa, head rush."
Pincushion said to the haunt control, "Control, acknowledge. Increase speed to two hundred knots once the preprogrammed watch point is passed. Decrease speed to one hundred knots once destination's atmospheric bubble is passed. Descent speed remains as programmed."
"Speed will change to two hundred knots in three minutes and seven seconds—"
Kamikaze slammed his palms onto the dashboard, and a rainfall of blood splattered out. Burnout snapped back and looked up to see that maniac's eyes draped in bandages. Kamikaze's blood seeped from open wounds. "I'm woozy but feeling great. Anyone mind if I ski from our bumper for the rest of the trip?"
Chapter Sixteen: The Truth Is Out There
"Appetite, stop eating our stockpile." Master Asinine leaned his potato gun like a walking stick against his leg. Appetite grunted at him with a brainless blink and then turned back to the mound of potatoes resting beside it to grab another handful of ammunition.
With the entire Bad Guy army accompanying him in this isolated street crowded by empty steel buildings, Master Asinine peered up at the stars. At any moment, Legion's counterattack would show. He was sure of that, as sure as he was that people cleared the dance floor only to marvel at his impressive moves. The rhinoceros stomp always hooked them.
"Any idea when they'll arrive, Lieutenant?" he asked. He felt a tepid breeze sigh past. And where the crock was that chalky odor coming from? Was the ammunition already rotting?
"No, sir, but amassing our entire army here simply to watch the sky and wait for them may not be the best strategy."
"Pfft. Legion's most cunning and devious are already caught. We're dealing with the second-stringers from here on in."
"But, sir, I think some of the generics would rather wait by the fondue reservoir."
Master Asinine looked aside in thought. "In that case, we have some important strategic decisions to make. Lieutenant, fetch me my flipping coin. Oh, and bring me that bomb robot the Good Guys brought. I could use another drink before it explodes."
Chapter Seventeen: Overrated
Power Plant hadn't heard Car Alarm wail yet from wherever the Bad Guys had taken it. Good thing, too. At several points, the fat robot looked as if it wanted to speak its mind.
Curiously, nearly an hour had passed since that insufferable robot had shut up, which baffled Power Plant to no freaking end because that waddling ear-bomb insisted on shrieking nonsense whenever they tried hiding, yet since their capture it had vowed silence. He wanted to kick the two-legged scrap-o-tron, but it had remained out of kicking distance. Now it was gone, he hoped, for good.
In a corner of the Wreck Room, Power Plant and Franchise sat with their backs to a minibar counter and their wrists still restrained in handcuffs that icily chafed their skin. Power Plant watched Plaster and Ice Cream Headache, who sat on a leather l‑couch placed in the middle of the room with locked gazes on the captives. Whenever either Power Plant or Franchise so much as budged, those two screamed, bounded up, and reached for the closest object they could throw.
Nullifying their hyperabilities, the cuffs that cased Power Plant's and Franchise's hands behind their backs rendered them useless. So the two captives sat, waiting to die. Nothing like waiting to die. If Power Plant had five moolahs for every time he waited to die, he'd have…well, five moolahs. And good thing, too. Waiting to die bored him to death.
"So," Power Plant's voice boomed in the comparative silence, "can I use th' baffroom?"
"Itsatrickstayaway!" Plaster tossed forward, snatched a datasheet user manual—which was a datasheet—and flung it at them. His head snapped to Ice Cream Headache, whose manicured fingers pierced the sofa's upholstery like talons. With legs tucked against his chest, Plaster said to Ice Cream Headache, "Don't l‑let 'im go t' the b-bathroom. Remember, these guys are freakin' d-diabolical. Di-a-bol-i-cal. Should we kill 'em now? Now?"
"Yeah, good idea. We kill them now. You two stay away!" White faced, Ice Cream Headache snatched up a video game joystick and furiously mashed its buttons at Power Plant. It unpaused Asinine's game and killed the character in blooping anguish. "Take that!"
Power Plant pouted. "Then cans I have a juice? In a sippy cup?"
Plaster slapped a spongy hand over Ice Cream Headache's stomach, releasing a plastic-smelling splatter. "It's a diabolical plan. He'll use our own sippy cup against us. He already withstood your freakin' joystick attack."
Franchise leaned over to Power Plant and blocked his mouth with a shoulder. "Jeffy, m-maybe if we stop talking, they'll-l forget t-to kill us."
"L-listen, punk." Frost vapor plumed from Ice Cream Headache's lips. She slapped her hand over an end table beside the couch, the joystick snapping underneath. "I'm-m in charge here—"
Plaster said, "I'm in charge here."
"We're in ch-charge here. Have you got a problem with us?"
"No. Actually, yeah. When ya walks, the furnitures shakes."
"If I put The Lion King back on, w-would that shut you up?" Ice Cream Headache held her breath and craned her neck, the skin along her throat tight enough to outline her gullet.
Power Plant considered this. "Mmmm, no, I probably sings along again."
Ice Cream Headache said to Plaster, "I'm going to muzzle them. I'm going to muzzle you two! I'm going to muzzle them." She grabbed a pistol lying close.
"Yyyeeeaaahhh, but if ya did, I coulds still mutter stuff an' ya wouldn't knows what I sayin'."
"At least you'd stop sticking your tongue out at me." Ice Cream Headache stood and rubbed her hand across her face. She plunged back onto the couch and caught sight of Power Plant. "Stop sticking your tongue out at me!"
Power Plant retracted his tongue. He examined the area: the minibar to his back, the candy cane–colored carpet, the sofa in front of him, leather seats collected around a coffee table, and one door leading to the hall. His surroundings looked as inescapable as the last few times he'd tried to formulate a plan. Too bad he couldn't get further in his plan than asking if he and Franchise were allowed to go home. The last six times, the Bad Guys had said no. Maybe a seventh would work. "We alloweds t' go home now?"
"No!" Ice Cream Headache and Plaster yelled.
Evil grown-ups sucked.
Only one option remained. Power Plant stood. Plaster came to attention and sprang up. "Sit b-back down!" He grabbed the pistol. "R-right now!"
Ice Cream Headache shot to her feet and pointed wildly. "He's trying something he's trying something stop him from trying something whatever he's trying it'll be diabolical stop him from trying it."
Power Plant scrunched his face into a glower but remained standing. He tucked his legs to his chest, hopped, swung his arms forward, and landed with his cuffed hands in front of him. He extended the cuffs out, his feet bouncing into a combative stance. The ends of the handcuffs scraped his wristbones.
Franchise shuddered. "Jeffy, w-whatever you have planned, unplan-n it."
Plaster stumbled back and almost flopped onto the couch. He dropped the gun. "Sit down before I make Ice Cream Headache break yer scrawny arms, punk. I promise I will, and I don't make idle promises." He glanced at Ice Cream Headache. "Do somethin'." He slapped a hand over Ice Cream Headache's shoulder and shoved her forward. Ice Cream Headache spun around and shoved against him. The two struggled to scramble behind each other. Their petrified looks were locked on Power Plant, their movements a skirmish.
"Freeze his brain!" Plaster pointed hysterically. "Freeze his brain!"
"No! He has to go to the bathroom. There's no way I'm going to take any heat for him urinating involuntarily on the Wreck Room floor. You know how Master Asinine says candy cane is his favorite flavor. He licks the carpet in here!"
"Well"—Plaster pointed at Franchise—"he ain't complainin' about the bathroom. Freeze his brain."
"Holy Caesar's marmalade sandwich." Franchise rose slowly to his feet with frightened eyes.
"Fine." Ice Cream Headache's breath curled in wayward smoke. She looked at Franchise and focused intently.
Franchise exploded in a hail of screams. He slammed backward against the wall, shielded his forehead with his arms, and buckled to the ground. "Stop it! Please!" His scream melted into a cataclysm of pain.
Power Plant reached Plaster. A gravel-grinding moan escaped Plaster, and his lower lip curled with a faltering smile. "You wanna t-take me on? Y-you might be diabolical, b-but you ain't beatin' me in a fist-fight. You ain't got n-no hyperabilities 'cause your hands are cuffed. C-come get me."
Power Plant stepped forward. Plaster punched high—
Power Plant countered: a sweeping cuff shot up to intersect Plaster's punch. With the grooves in the cuff's case, he cupped Plaster's wrist and pushed it back. Plaster's knees shook and buckled from the pressure that Power Plant pressed against his waxy arm. He looked from his cupped wrist to Power Plant with shock that became frightened bewilderment. Power Plant smiled and perked an eyebrow.
Power Plant hopped, slammed his feet against Plaster's stomach, kicked Plaster's chin, released the pressure on the wrist. Plaster fell backward onto an armchair with a wet slap. It upturned, and he tumbled away.
Over the chair and onto Plaster's ribcage, Power Plant hopped hard enough to crack a normal Terran's back. Plaster struggled. He clutched Power Plant's shirt, yanked down. Power Plant used the yank to plunge deliberately onto Plaster's ribs, slammed a forearm across his throat. Plaster thrashed like a fly trapped in a spider's drooling fangs.
"Get—" Plaster sputtered. He glanced at Ice Cream Headache, his words choking on breathlessness. "Get 'im off!" He struggled, but Power Plant jumped, booted his forehead. His head rebounded. Power Plant slammed it again. This time Plaster remained still.
"I—I—" Ice Cream Headache skittered onto the couch, hugging her slender legs against her chest.
Power Plant's head snapped up from Plaster and scowled into Ice Cream Headache's frenetic, gray eyes, into her terrified inner thoughts, and out the back of her skull. Power Plant's laserlike expression said, "Don't you dare."
"I—" Ice Cream Headache shuddered again, then she looked at Franchise.
Franchise detonated again in a powder keg of screams, writhing like a fish out of water. And again. He flopped against the minibar. Blood trickled from his mouth where he must have bitten down. His eyes had rolled into his head and now showed only blanks. He throbbed again, his hoarse bellows becoming gurgles.
"Jakey, I takes care o' Ice Cream Truck if ya gimme my soul back."
"D-d-done," Franchise managed between throes.
Power Plant looked up at Ice Cream Headache. "You hurts him again an' I breaks ya freakin' cone."
"I-I won't. I p-promise." Ice Cream Headache glanced at Power Plant, Franchise, Plaster, back at Power Plant, her face zipping electrically from one to another. She stumbled back from Power Plant. Her palms shot up as if to push away the Good Guy who now approached, fingers tangled in her hair. "Leave my cone alone leave my cone alone."
She darted off the couch, tumbled backward onto the coffee table, and rolled over it gracelessly. She slammed against the floor but sprang up and resumed her retreat.
And her back hit the wall.
And Power Plant reached her.
Ice Cream Headache pushed her face away from Power Plant's deranged stare. "How—how could you—how—I mean—what you—you're only—"
"I gots crazy mad skills. Interfulgnasty Proctology train me up. What training up you got?"
"Umm—uh—uh—"
"Zactly."
Power Plant downed Ice Cream Headache with a roundhouse kick to the temple. Ice Cream Headache slammed against the wall like a wet blob, crumpled to her knees, and collapsed across the room's exit. She didn't get up.
Power Plant looked at where Franchise had fallen. Hidden behind the minibar, his friend panted and wheezed.
"Jakey, you is okay?" Power Plant asked.
Moments passed with only wet heaves and the ruffle of clothing. Finally a cuffed hand shot up, the other hand hanging loosely inside the other cuff. The first cuff clanged against the minibar counter and dented the wood finish. Franchise arose jerkily, first his head and then the rest of his body. He stood but almost faltered, using the counter for support. His hair was a shock therapist's trademark, and his eyes had frozen with fear. If his lower jaw hadn't dropped open, his teeth would have chattered themselves to nubs. He jerkily stepped around the minibar like an erratic chicken scampering to its feed.
"Y-y-y-y-yeah, I'm-m-m-m-m-m ok-k-k-kay."
"Need a hot choc'late?"
"I'll-l-l t-t-t-take a d-d-d-dozen."
Chapter Eighteen: Come Up With Your Own Stupid Chapter Title
Master Asinine sipped his iced tea. Huh? He drew it from his mouth and peered distastefully into the can. Flat. The robot's cooling unit had probably gone kaput. Or maybe the robot was gassy. Asinine tossed the can aside and resumed watching the dotted sky.
"Lieutenant," he said. Lieutenant IQ 23 shuffled closer. Braindead followed the step and a half it took to reach Asinine. A step and a freaking half. Braindead definitely had codependency issues. But no matter. Asinine had more important affairs to muddle in. "Lieutenant, gabber Brick in the workshop. Have him report concerning the completion status of the Whatever It Does that I commissioned him to build according to my specific instructions. We might need it, whatever it does." He faced Lieutenant IQ 23. Braindead leaned into the conversation like the lopsided robot Asinine had sold to the Good Guys under an alias.
"Sir, you didn't give Brick any specific instructions. All you said was to make an extremely cool weapon that causes a lot of explosions and has a lot of buttons and blinking lights. Then you misspelled cool sounds in huge letters and triple-underlined it at the bottom of a diagram you drew in crayon."
Master Asinine cocked his head, still eyeing IQ 23. "Oh."
"Plus, Brick is standing right next to you."
Master Asinine looked where IQ 23 pointed—yikes. "There you are, Brick."
"Something approaches from the skyline." Mechanism jabbed his chin at the black of space.
"Finally. It's getting nippy out here." Master Asinine looked up. A lone dot shone brighter than the others only because it drew closer. Soon the dot split into two headlights before a Fireball starship stretched into form.
A single mil-tran. Legion had sent one Fireball to extract his three wiliest Good Guys. Only one. How puzzling. More puzzling than Trish not falling madly in love with Scott despite not knowing Scott was really his long-lost evil twin brother A. J. come to usurp their father's will and steal the Haddington fortune to build a compound to house his ex-roommate-turned-lover's murder of crows, which was how the ex-roommate turned into his lover: by murdering crows. Sometimes those daytime dramas were too interwoven.
Asinine leaned toward Lieutenant IQ 23. "So that's what a skyline is."
* * *
Power Plant stood in the tranquil hall outside the Wreckin' Room. The hall stopped at a set of double doors that cut it off from a catwalk connecting this building to the next. Full-panel windows covered the wall opposite the Wreckin' Room's door, overlooking the street. The lights had remained off since he and Franchise had arrived.
He rubbed his wrist where the edges of the handcuffs had chafed his skin and left rashes. Franchise had used Ice Cream Headache's thumbprint to unlock their handcuffs minutes ago, but the ache from the tightness of the cuffs hadn't yet faded.
With Franchise beside him, Power Plant peered out one window at the Fireball that sped toward the space station. It angled toward the ground where a flock of Bad Guys ninnied about like baby birds waiting for food to drop.
"I thinks the mothership comin' t' takes us home." Power Plant placed his hands against the window to block the glare of the Wreckin' Room's lights. "It's 'bout time. Gots me new cereal boxes at home I gotta finds the free prizes inside of." He stepped away from the window and faced Franchise. "You gotta get back into th' Wreckin' Room."
"Me?" Franchise's voice adopted a hoarse reluctance. Power Plant hardly recognized it with its new kicked-in-the-crotch peep. "With them still in there? Why do I have to go back?"
"It's Asinine's Wreckin' Room, so it gotta have tons o' gadgets to wrecks wit'. Try th' haunt control. Thin out them crowds o' Bad Guys outside an' also guard Plaster an' Ice Cream San'wich there so's they stays unawake."
"What'll you be doing?"
"I gotta get ouside an' helps our buddies when they lands."
Power Plant passed Franchise, but Franchise grabbed his shoulder—"Hey, hey, hey!"—and twisted him around. "I own your soul. I give the orders."
"You gaves it back. You says so."
"Crock. I was hoping you forgot."
"Forgot? It was like two minutes ago from now."
"I should be the one coming up with the plan. All you ever come up with is how to arrange your green army men to face off against the Bad Guys."
"Fine with me. You goes outside an' helps 'em, and I figures out the haunt c'ntrol. Puts my feet up, watch Cosm'naut Chimp cartoony shows on the viewscreen. Unless you can comes up with somethin' better than dat."
Franchise scoffed with pressed lips. "Pfft. Of course I can come up with something better than that."
Both stood facing each other. The only noise they traded was pronounced breathing. Power Plant hung his fingers against the wall. Franchise looked out the window, looked back at Power Plant, looked out the window again at the massive army of Bad Guys equipped with what Asinine often called his feel-good arsenal.
"Okay, I got nothing. You fight. I'll make myself a banana split. I want to cram it down that ice cream girl's throat." Franchise darted for the Wreckin' Room and hopped over Ice Cream Headache's prone body.
Power Plant took flight with a choke of smoke that dusted from his feet. "Hope they bringed my comic books wit' 'em."
* * *
"You know," Master Asinine said, peering inattentively into the sky, "this reminds me of the great Big Mac Attack of 9102. Those Macs put up a good fight, but we used their phobia of ketchup against them. Tough suckers. Tasty, though."
The bellow of approaching thrusters blasted from a thousand distant points to converge on Master Asinine's ears. The Good Guy Fireball plunged closer, its hull detailing itself, its piping and exhaust machinery acquiring three-dimensional realism.
"Okay, everyone, set your potato guns on 'hootenanny' and follow my lead. Once we dispatch these sissies, I've got hot cross buns in the oven waiting for a good set of sinking teeth." Master Asinine watched the Fireball angle sideways before remembering to add, "My set of sinking teeth. Just to be clear about this."
A cackle of electricity directed his attention to the Fireball's headlights. He watched the Fireball swoop down toward them. It straightened, stopped…and held its position in midair, its headlights splitting into halves that shifted apart to reveal two bead-tipped rods. The rods emerged with a buzz of energy that ignited the beads like stars on the tops of Boxing Day trees. If those trees were on fire.
The crackling energy siphoned into a bolt that smelled like burned zinc. The smell saturated Asinine's nostrils. Asinine stumbled away—before two thick beams gashed the ground! The area shook. The Fireball glided forward and attacked with another pair of beams that punched the pavement in a series of potholes. Some Bad Guys flew back, their chests disintegrating. They flailed and fell with silenced screams. The rest scattered in panic.
"Lieutenant, quick. Attack that thing!" Asinine jumbled aside.
Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped back, wrestling with his potato gun's cocking lever. "I can't, sir. My gun is jammed. My potatoes are growing roots."
Asinine turned to Mechanism, who stood not five feet to his right, a scent of heated oil now mixed with the zinc odor. Mechanism observed the Fireball blasting his street, undaunted by the damage its twin beams inflicted. How dare he be undaunted?
"You going to do something? Be daunted!" Asinine threw his hands up.
Mechanism looked at him with an eyebrow that arrogantly edged behind his eye slit. "If I could fire a missile without spreading black residue on my armor, I would."
"Oh, for crock—Gimme that." Asinine grabbed IQ 23's potato gun. He kicked the cocking lever into place, raised the gun, and aimed for the exposed piping underneath the Fireball. These Fireballs were notorious for the cheap workmanship of their underbellies. Jolting them took little effort.
With a hollow foomp, a potato sailed from his cannon and struck the Fireball's hull. It split and caked starch across the underbelly, achieving nothing more than smearing a splotch across it. Asinine fired again and this time sent a tater into a thin wire. The Fireball sputtered. Dry coughs interrupted its purr.
"Oh, good." Asinine lowered the potato gun. "They're coming down for a little chat."
Lieutenant IQ 23 smiled. "I'll get the chatting scones from the fridge doojigger, sir."
"Send Mechanism. He obviously has nothing better to do."
The Fireball tilted unexpectedly into a dive-bomb. It crunched into the corner of a building and rebounded. Its back end lifted up, which sent it nose-down toward the street, its thrusters struggling to keep it aloft.
The starship struck with enough angle to bounce before smacking down again and quaking the street. It sliced the ground in a long, jagged trail, causing sparks to sputter from its metal-wrenching collision. A wing dipped and carved another trail of split metal with a rusty screech that sundered the air. The Fireball rotated until the door faced them and slowed…slowed…stopped.
That terrible screech of metal faded. The Fireball bobbled from side to side on creaking springs. It faced them, its windshield a tinted hideaway of Good Guys. Even landing, they couldn't help destroying his ground. Good thing they hadn't reached his rose garden.
Master Asinine raised a hand to steady his generics' tingling trigger fingers. "Wait for them to emerge, everyone. Let them make the first move. And someone grab the brass bearings on their turbines. Those things are worth a ton."
His bones twitched reflexively. The index finger of his lowered hand squeezed around the trigger of his potato gun as if to test how much pressure he could apply before hurling a potato into his foot. Not that it would be the first time.
He checked his watch, tapping a single finger on his potato gun. He looked at the Fireball and then at his generics. One guy whistled a tune and pried bubblegum off his heel, another lazily fell asleep on her feet. All of them fought a battle of wills against an unseen adversary named Let's Get This Going. His generics stood with the stillness of hardened clay but with the deteriorating self-control of Alaphus not playing dominoes with Stonehenge.
Asinine looked back at the inactive Fireball. Since it had torn a serpentine fissure into the street and its thrusters had disengaged, it had not peeped. It was slowly descending Asinine's top-ten list of fascinations, already having slipped past drying paint and growing grass. The Housewife Network was next on that list.
The Good Guys still hadn't emerged. That was strange. Usually by now, they and his Bad Guys would have finished killing each other. Asinine's foot tapped the ground.
"You guys bored?" he asked.
His generics sprang to lifelike activity with murmured agreement and loosened poses. "Holy crock, yes!" punctuated the gel of voices.
Brick exhaled. "Mr. Asinine, if apposition has registered suitably, might I promote a subterfuge of discharging our pomme de terre armory upon the space vessel?"
Asinine groaned. "Argh. Fine. I'll test-fly the new Fandango. But that's the last time I warn you about using too many syllables."
"Sir, I think he means we should shoot at the Fireball," Lieutenant IQ 23 said. "But maybe you should test-fly the new Fandango. It has great cornering abilities."
Realization dawning…dawning…dawned! Ooh, that one stung. Asinine snapped his fingers. "We should attack the Fire—"
A claw of flame peeled the Fireball's door into a curl of torn metal. The flame simmered, and someone yelled, "Go, Kamikaze, go!"
A Good Guy costumed in a flight helmet and a black impact suit shot from the opening and discharged toward them like Asinine out of a dentist's office. A thunderous rocket boomed with the Good Guy. "Asinine, I'm here to stop you from breeding!"
"I don't own a dog!" He turned to his Bad Guy generics, pointing frantically at the onrushing psycho. "Shoot!" He stepped backward and ducked to avoid the maniac peeling past him. The nut-pilot swooped up and curled around for a second pass. It was at this time that Asinine wished he hadn't forgotten his emergency underwear. But these were the less diabolical second-stringers. They couldn't hold a candle to the starting lineup his minions had already captured.
Schizophrenic fired his potato gun. A potato launched and collided with the maniac, causing him to spin once before dropping. He smacked into the street curb. Seconds elapsed before he lifted his upper body and put a shaking hand to his lip. He examined the blood that trickled down the groove between his middle and ring fingers. "Oh, yeah. That's the stuff dreams are made of. Hope that's a bruise." He asthmatically heaved a wheeze, indifferent to the breath-stealing blow from a mighty potato. Yukon Gold did that to a man.
Asinine placed a boot over the loon's back and pressed him flat against the curb. "So you thought you'd waltz in here and save your pals single-handedly?"
"Single-handedly? I wish. That would have been sweet destruction!"
"Asinine!" That solitary word roared from the Fireball a few meters away but sounded as clear as if bellowed from the center of Asinine's cerebral cortex. Asinine looked up to see that two other Good Guys had emerged, placed on either side of the Fireball's hull. The one on the right side pointed at him purposefully. "Release my brother—or there will be hell to pay!"
"Lieutenant, how much does Hell cost?"
"I'll get on that, sir. Should I give you that figure with basic mortgage, or should I include interest and property taxes in the cost analysis?"
An exploding firestorm gushed from the screamer's fingertips like a flamethrower. Asinine leaned away from the magmatic fire that tore past him. The heat tickled his hair, threatened to singe it. The fire died with only the smoky scent of tainted oxygen to indicate its existence.
Asinine strode over the nut-pilot's flight helmet and toward the Good Guys' starship. "Schizophrenic, take care of this trapezeless artist. I might have me some meat to go along with my potatoes."
* * *
Franchise tripped over Plaster's body on his stumbling lap around the Wreck Room. His gaze darted left, right, left, right. What could he do? Think. Why couldn't things be simpler? He had to calm down. Why did he feel so hot? Why was the room so hot? Why did everything feel so hot? Calm down! What could he do?
Well, for starters, he darted to the door and slammed a boot into Ice Cream Headache's hip. That made him feel better.
"Control, acknowledge!" He bobbed nervously on one foot. What should he do? What could he do? Come on, think. At least the headache from creating his duplicates had faded, even though the dizziness remained.
Okay, guard the two Bad Guys, make sure they stayed unconscious. Reduce the outside crowds from here. Could he handle that? He hoped. A viewscreen. He needed a viewscreen. Yeah. Well, no, actually he needed ten thousand tons of lit dynamite.
"Awaiting command," the haunt control said after seconds of idleness.
"Open viewscreen. Show outside walkway." Would the haunt control understand his command? Please please please. He had no clue of the longitudinal and latitudinal coordinates of the battle and there weren't even magnetic poles on this station, but some haunt controls were intelligent enough to discern specific points from vague instructions. If it would even acknowledge his voice. Would it? Who knew? Why was he rambling? He had too much work to do to ramble. His friends were possibly dying outside—and why was he rambling? He squeezed his eyes shut and bopped his forehead with his wrist to focus himself. Focus. He needed focus.
A viewscreen grew out of the nearest wall, directly below the ceiling. Too slow. Way too freaking slow. It grew only halfway before Franchise felt the numbing urge to scream.
"Viewscreen summoned," the haunt control said when the viewscreen finished expanding. "Showing outside walkway." The viewscreen flickered on and pinpointed a battle that raged between the Bad Guys and some unknown adversaries located offscreen. Asinine's brick scientist and two red-shirted goons fired on unknown targets. The sounds of pain and hurtling potatoes rattled the speakers. Franchise yanked on fistfuls of hair. The battle was underway, and he was doing nothing!
"Control, acknowledge. Activate weapons systems." Hurry up! Franchise hoped the weapons systems weren't loaded with foam darts like the last time he'd fought the Bad Guys.
"Weapons systems activated."
At Franchise's feet, Ice Cream Headache groaned, shifting an arm under her body to lift herself off the carpet. Franchise hurled a boot into Frosty's stomach. Frosty grunted, but she stayed down.
Franchise scowled at her. "Make me a snow cone." To the viewscreen, he said, "Control, acknowledge. Fire on any Bad Guy entity."
"Error: there is no fire on the Bad Guy entities."
Franchise slapped his forehead. Stupid haunt control.
The run-of-the-mill Bad Guys were easily identifiable by their red shirts with white letters that said, "In the Event of a Great Battle, I Am More Disposable Than My Leader." Okay. Target them.
"Control, acknowledge. Shoot all Bad Guy entities wearing red shirts."
"All Bad Guy entities wearing red shirts being shot by Armand's Armor-Piercing Bullets, now found anywhere fresh fruit is sold," the haunt control said. The ensuing discharge of light-bullets sputtered outside. Red-shirted targets fell to the attack. Huh. That was…actually easy. Franchise relaxed, the earthquake of his trembling faded, his fear and restlessness subsided. He could wage war without even leaving the comfort of this room!
Behind him, Plaster grunted. "I'll kick your freakin'—"
Franchise screamed. He snatched up a barstool and slammed it over Plaster's head. And again—again—again—again—again—stay the crock down—again—again—why wouldn't they stop waking up?
The legs snapped off the barstool. Franchise buckled. He dropped the wooden remains, all but one leg that he used for support, heaving laboriously. He held his side and leaned over Plaster, who stopped moving, stopped threatening, stopped saying the word freaking.
Wow. Had Franchise actually taken care of this lunatic? He had. And so distracted was he that he'd forgotten to use his hyperability. He'd beaten the lunatic up without any clones. Go, Franchise!
He lowered himself into a leather l‑couch and sank into its softness as if he sat on a cloud. He lifted his heels onto Plaster's chest and, with a squish, rubbed a patch of dirt from his boot onto Plaster's stomach. He cracked his knuckles, first on the left hand, next on the right. "Control, acknowledge. Make me a bag of popcorn. And use real butter, none of that fake stuff."
* * *
Power Plant peered through a panel l‑window at the battle that seethed below him. His targets were easy to spot: most wore those goofy costumes. It looked as if the entire Bad Guy army was fighting today, so he couldn't identify the specific combatants, only the gaudy outfits of those Bad Guy generics whose disrespect for fashion was inferior only to Asinine's. They swirled like inconsequential reds in a crowd that clamored for his attention. Four generic Bad Guys huddled together for protection. The only visible nongenerics Power Plant identified were the Virillian—that armored goon who nonchalantly watched everyone around him erupt with action—and Car Alarm. He considered shooting Car Alarm first.
The Bad Guys were launching potatoes at something past the window's field of view, and whatever seethed beyond that field of view returned fire. The only sound that escaped the battle's blended resonance was the rat-a-tat of discharging light-bullets.
He approached the window and pressed his face against the glass. Two generics collided like matchbox cars flung at each other. That slamdance reminded Power Plant of the times he and Mark would wrestle. Crock, he needed to get back to his brother.
Who had come to save him? He couldn't tell. Nevertheless, whatever happened, the red-shirted generics were falling at the same death rate as flies under a six-armed flyswatting machine. Precisely like in his dreams.
But what could he do? Flying into the building over there seemed incredibly stupid. A smile crept over his face. But enough about last week's Good Guys public relations disaster. Or the one on the week before. Or the week before that.
No, wait. That week he'd been grounded.
He backed away from the window and, for only a second, flexed his arms. This collected into his fists some of the light energy his body had stored. He pointed at the window and relaxed his muscles.
A burst of energy shattered the l‑window's frame. The l‑window flickered before it dissipated in a static fade that made his arm hairs bow from the missing charge. Louder sounds of potato rage met his ears. He leaped, shut his eyes, and dropped into wind-whipping freefall for a few moments before curving his flight path forward in a random direction. He hoped he wasn't flying toward the sun.
He opened his eyes—and slammed into the Bad Guy Virillian. The impact made a train wreck feel like a tickle. Power Plant ricocheted and collided with the metal street in a spiral that caused more damage than a belly flop onto cement. Belly flops were for fatsos, anyway.
He stood and looked back at the Virillian, wiping blood that tickled from his nose. The Virillian stumbled, shook his head, rose to one knee, and planted his foot. He looked at Power Plant through the eye slit of his ugly facemask. His eyes remained expressionless.
Power Plant stumbled to his feet. "So ya wanna throw down?" he asked, warm energy collecting in his white-knuckled fists. The Virillian stood and stalked toward him in a silent, battle-ready swagger. He belonged to a mute species, but Power Plant at least expected a nod or a thumbs-up. Or a wooden sign with words etched on it.
"So ya wanna take my bust-a-moves like a man?" Power Plant asked. The Virillian still approached in bold, undaunted strides. "So ya wanna makes me a sammich? So ya wanna…knits me a sweater?" Power Plant released his fists, and the slight well of energy dissipated into a fizzled flash and a faint, smoky odor. The Virillian reached him, looming a few inches taller. Power Plant stared up at him. "So ya wanna answers my questions? Actually, can ya makes me a sammich, please?" Ooh, he'd used the p word. His brother would be proud.
The Virillian kicked at Power Plant's ribs. Power Plant blocked with an arm he tightened by squeezing a fist. "Fightin' man, eh?" The Virillian still didn't answer. Power Plant stepped back and relaxed his stance. "Look, if we's gonna dance, at least answers somethin'. Ya talks less than my pet rock. I gets more connersation outta them voices in my head. Even Bubba, but he keep talkin' 'bout th' old country." But wait. He had only one voice, and that was the "inside voice" Mark kept telling him to use whenever he shouted.
The Virillian snapped forward into a rotating step and thrust a forearm at Power Plant's neck. Power Plant blocked again and kicked high, but the Virillian flipped backward over a street curb and landed against a building in some unfamiliar pose.
Power Plant stretched his arms down and shook out the stiffness the handcuffs had caused. He jiggled his head back and forth in floppy nods, raised his arms, and locked them in a guarding judo stance. Because of their strange centers of gravity, Virillians were susceptible to judo. Power Plant would bust some chop on this green freak, and judo would be the chop-buster.
"Bubba's tellin' me to takes you down."
* * *
"Out of the way!" A red-shirted simpleton scurried past Mechanism. Mechanism watched a chugging onslaught of turret-fire gut the simpleton and spread him across the ground in several chunks. How droll. Two more graceless boors tripped past him in a hopeless dash to save their meager existences, but the snap of gunfire ended their uselessness. Unworthy of Mechanism's concern, these generics served as low-quality grunts who existed only to shield the worthier warriors. That meant all the simpletons were at Mechanism's disposal.
"You fleas!" Mechanism amped the volume of his armor's speaker so all the remaining degenerates could hear his majesty. "You do not follow the teachings of Frederick Snogsbottom, so why even bother running? Why save your insignificance for a senseless existence? Why waste the—ow!"
A puff of smoke sizzled off his armor's fingertip where a light-bullet struck it. Oh, for shame. That was his cab-hailing finger.
* * *
To avoid a Bad Guy who crumbled from a neck shot, Burnout flew and landed on B-Kestrel's right rear wing. Interspersed by only a few seconds, strange projectiles hurtled toward Burnout at bone-breaking momentum. Whatever this ammunition was, it had already shattered two of B-Kestrel's taillights and gummed up a thruster. Another projectile splattered against the wing and split against the wingtip's blade. Burnout looked down at the mush, a powdery trail of…starchy…Huh?
The Bad Guys were firing potatoes? What kind of morons were they? Another shattering taillight told Burnout they were the kind of morons intent on not letting the Good Guys use turn signals.
With his legs propped against the wing's top-mounted missile launcher, Burnout flattened himself onto B-Kestrel's body. His flame licked his neck. Jeff had better still be alive. He had better be.
He wondered how Kamikaze was faring. That reckless fiend had insisted on rushing into battle seeking nothing but the scent of death. Whether that scent was Asinine's acrid deodorant or not was a mission meant only for Kamikaze. Burnout hoped that wacko was dead ten times over.
Another potato splattered against the missile launcher, which caused Burnout to yank his right leg away. That was it. He hopped off the wing and rolled behind B-Kestrel's central landing trestle. Another potato peeled against the Fireball's underbelly. Burnout peered past the trestle at Master Asinine and his lieutenant. Asinine held a firearm that resembled a plumbing pipe. His lieutenant stuffed another potato into the tube's maw. It didn't look like typical Asinine armament: no blinking lights adorned it and no computerized British voice chortled, "One hundred meters. Good shot, old chap."
Another potato slammed into the landing gear and exploded into chunks.
"Asinine, what are you doing?" Burnout dodged yet another potato.
The rapid-fire volley halted. A short pause came before Asinine's distant reply: "Trying to take you out before there's nothing left to put into our shepherd's pies. Just a question, but are you partial to walking out into the open on request?"
"Only if you stop pelting me with your dinner! You're getting our bumper dirty!"
"Sorry about that."
* * *
On spikes that pinpricked the street and speared debris, Pincushion rolled toward a skyscraper. He stood and flattened his body against the skyscraper's wall. The battle roared on the right, but he remained out of its way, hidden around the skyscraper's corner. He looked left—his vision rippled with insomniac lethargy—and noticed the crumpled Flagstar that Power Plant and Franchise had crashed. The wreckage had lost its red-hot glow and now sported only a twisted meld of gray shades with smoky metal hissing into Pincushion's nose. Someone had erected a flag proclaiming the wreckage as "Mount Exploded Up."
Pincushion limped toward the wreckage. In a concert of metal squeaks, he dipped off his knee into another roll. Each squeaky note, every shambled limp served as a four-years-strong reminder to be careful of what he could lose to a light-bullet—not only his knee but his alertness that insomnia consumed. His vision gleamed in false depth perception. Luckily he'd had a response regulator installed behind his ear to fight his dazes.
He reached the Flagstar and circled around to the side that faced away from the battlefield. Hesitantly, he touched the gnarled husk. Tepid. The fire dampers on the space station had done their task. He traced his hand along the Flagstar's coiled wing, now a degenerated mess of fused wires, crumpled flaps, and a note saying, "Asinine's New Bike." He had one task to accomplish: disposal of this wreckage. Somehow. But how?
Behind him, a sluggish footstep scuffed the ground. His reeling head snapped up, a shiver pulsing through him. Someone had found him. Another footstep dragged closer. The wind carried over bad breath like nobody's business. Pincushion's insomnia had stolen his focus. Otherwise, he could have pinpointed the Bad Guy and whatever dead thing that Bad Guy had eaten for dinner.
Careful. He didn't turn, didn't risk learning who had discovered him. Hasty movements were dangerous in these circumstances. With open palms, he raised his hands. He had learned several techniques to evade such a situation, but those techniques relied on knowing more factors. Master Asinine was legendary for the unpredictable, so much so that this Bad Guy could have tripped over a mislaid roller skate on the way here.
"I give up," Pincushion said to draw the Bad Guy into a sense of security. He placed his hands behind his head and knelt, his low-grade knee buckling. The Bad Guy scuffed the ground again but otherwise remained silent. That silence made his shapeless image in Pincushion's insomniac mind scarier. This attacker must be the Virillian. But, no, the weight the Bad Guy carried with each step sounded far too heavy to be the Virillian. Virillians were bred for war. They bore little fat. A lot of stupid, but little fat.
The Bad Guy still approached, his footsteps seconds apart as if he were sleepwalking. Pincushion flipped through escape techniques in his unfocused thoughts, all chancy. If only this Bad Guy would circle around to the front. If only he would show himself. Was he pulling out a gun? Was he going to place its barrel against Pincushion's skull? Pincushion expected steel to press against his neck, anticipated it so much he felt a cold phantom circle touch his skin. He shut his eyes and swallowed hard.
Another scraped footstep brought the Bad Guy to within kicking distance. Pincushion no longer cared what weapon this Bad Guy aimed at him. He could die either with his back to the enemy or taking the enemy down. He'd rather see the shot. Besides, uninterrupted sleep would finally come.
He leaped and flung his weak-kneed foot around, struck…the Bad Guy's elbow? But how could the Bad Guy be so tall? Asinine tended to use circus midgets!
Pincushion stumbled onto a drainage grate and jumbled away with lashing feet. He looked up at…at…that gargoyle, Asinine's eating machine.
The gargoyle slammed a brawny paw on the transport's wreckage and tore a shard from its fused debris. It crammed that handful into its mouth. The wad's edges folded to fit into the abyss of its gorge. Before packing the previous bite in, the gargoyle reached with the other hand to grab the next chunk with a hungry grunt.
Pincushion stopped scuttling back and watched the gargoyle, the wreckage, the gargoyle again. It was eating the wreckage, fistful by fistful, unconcerned with the poison in the remaining fuel and the coolant chemicals. But, wow, could it chomp back a thruster.
Pincushion stood. He reached into his hip holster. He slowly grasped his pistol in a slippery hand, drew it out, aimed carefully at the gargoyle. His aim shook, and he recalibrated, but it shook again.
No. There was no point in distracting this thing. It was busy. Making a meal. Out of a starship. How natural.
Pincushion eyed it and sidestepped toward the battlefield. He looked out into the dwindling battle and crept toward the corner of the building. Nothing in the way. Nothing firing from the horizon. The Bad Guys had stopped launching the contents of their pantry, the distant rip of turret fire now the sole sign of the gunfight. A Virillian fought Power Plant. The Bad Guy lieutenant distributed steaming coffee in Styrofoam cups to their remaining forces and said, "If they can't come to the coffee, I bring the coffee to them. Who needs a stir stick?" What was stranger was that Car Alarm's belly brewed the coffee. Definitely a hallucination brought on by Pincushion's insomnia.
With his removal task completed for him thanks to the gargoyle, he could prepare their takeoff. He estimated the distance to B-Kestrel. The roll across the street, up the Fireball's access ramp, and through its damaged access port looked like a ten-second hobble. Short but dangerous.
He hoped he wouldn't trip over a potato.
* * *
Lefty dodged some generic Bad Guys who fell under the onslaught of light-bullets fired from a building's fourth-floor turret. The area smelled like burned toast. Were Plaster and Ice Cream Headache holding another shooting contest? With each skirmish, the generics were growing more and more useless.
Schizophrenic's attention returned to the freak sandwiched between his foot and a street curb. Having earlier removed the freak's flight helmet, Schizophrenic forced his heel over the idiot's temple even harder and heard another crack. "How's that?" Lefty said around a toothpick pinched in his teeth. He tapped Sarah May against his hip.
"Come on. Put some hip into it." The Good Guy's words sounded mushy through a flattened cheek. "I still have my fine motor skills."
What a pissing lunatic. Lefty watched the crackpot, one eye twitching quizzically. "Are you feeling all right, you screwed nut?" He punctuated his sentence with a snort.
"Yeah. That's the problem. Are you going to do something about it? Make me eat something awful. Maybe your foot…or a flowerbed."
Nearby, the pelting sounds of a petering war lamely thudded. Schizophrenic knelt and rested his wrists over one knee, studying the freak. For only a moment, Lefty and the maniac stared eye to eye. "Considering how excited you are about that, I'm not sure I should. Freak," Lefty spat. Then Lefty spat.
"Fine. Can't get good help these days." Like ferocious claws, the Good Guy's hands seized Schizophrenic's ankle. Schizophrenic stumbled back against a bench. Lefty grunted, his toothpick falling from his mouth. Now he and the freak hovered a few inches above the ground. This maniac could fly?
Lefty eyed the fruitcake—
They shot upward! Lefty dropped Sarah May. He felt as if he'd left several sensations below. He looked down. The ground shrank. Up. The atmospheric bubble darted closer, closer—he smacked into its jellylike surface like a dragonfly against a windshield. The odor of chlorine plugged his nose.
"Let me go," Lefty said. The air felt thin up here. He could hardly speak or snort, his jaw pressed shut and his cheek forced against the bubble. "Or else I'll blow a hole through your head three times the size of the one I'm going to blow through your gut."
"Promises, promises. This is about seventy miles up." The Good Guy studied the ground below, his bleeding lip still dribbling. He looked at Lefty. A thrill-seeking glint ignited the Good Guy's eyes with a madcap façade. "Ever been dropped from seventy miles in the air? I have. All your bones simultaneously shatter if you spread yourself flat. Feels like sitting on top of an exploding lawnmower. Way better than a shot to the gut."
* * *
Power Plant leaped and kicked. The Virillian ducked, hurled a fist upward. Bludgeoned Power Plant's calf with the gentleness of a jackhammer massage. Power Plant grunted and fell. He tripped over the body of a fallen generic and smashed into the curbside with a shoulder blade that cracked on the collision. His jaw smacked harder.
Agony sliced his body, the knobs of his elbows yelping for healing putty. He looked up with vision that fluctuated between not so great and extremely not so great. At least he couldn't see the Virillian's scaly skin. But he could picture it. Ugh, mind's eyes weren't good.
That was the first time the Virillian had knocked him back, not counting the previous seven times. And Power Plant was through being the punching bag in their little discussion. Stupid Virillian. What a meanie.
A footstep scratched the ground to his left. His vision finally returned, and he saw the wavering image of the Virillian staring down at him. Scary. Power Plant wished Legion would let him bring his security blanket into battle.
"Think that hurt, huh?" Power Plant had to speak those words with a detached tooth bobbing around his tongue. He spat out the tooth and it plinked against a sewer drain. A trickle of blood wiggled down his chin. "I gots news for ya. I'm builts like…builts like…Actually, that really hurt."
He rolled groggily onto his front and rubbed the vacancy in his teeth with the hand not pebbled by strewn debris. He stood, an altogether new pain surging through his left leg. The leg buckled, but he stiffened it. "Ya be laughin' right now if ya wasn't so pissin' antisocial."
Power Plant pointed his arms down and tightened his forearm muscles. Between his hands crackled small spheres of light that released the scent of burning electricity. The Virillian looked down at the lit spheres that sizzled within the boundaries of his fingertips.
Power Plant smiled. "Say hello to my lit friend."
* * *
Asinine approached the Good Guy who had been dodging around the Fireball. He hopped over Braindead, who shot across his path like a Virillian attached to a rocket. Ooh. Exciting idea for next year's talent show…if only it were still trendy to light Virillians and attach them to rockets.
The red-and-orange-dressed Good Guy approached with a confident stride. If memory served, his media name was Burnout. And memory served it on a hot dish with a side of coleslaw. The coleslaw of champions.
"So, Good Guy, we meet at last," Asinine said. He let his potato gun clatter to the ground. He'd wandered too far from his ten-pound bag to reload, anyway.
Behind Burnout, Braindead zoomed past in the opposite direction and slammed into something that sounded painful. Burnout ignored him and continued his approach. "Enough small talk, Asinine."
"No no no, I haven't even begun the small talk. Now's when I ask how your parents are doing."
"My parents would still be child-pounding scum if they weren't dead."
Master Asinine stopped. "Sorry to hear that. Or not. Or…" Was he? Dead parents. Scummy dead parents. No clue which way to lean on this one. "Sorry or not sorry, whichever one keeps you from lighting me on fire like a canister of gasoline, that's how I feel."
Another generic fell to the blast of a light-bullet to his skull. Two more scampered by to avoid the turret's raging gunfire. Asinine's generics were tapering off. Not a good sign.
Burnout stopped approaching. Only thirty feet separated him from Asinine. He and Asinine wiggled their fingers and waited for the other to make the first move. Asinine played gunfight showdown music in his head.
Even fewer generics scampered around, which came as a disappointment. Asinine's generics budget was drying out. They weren't exactly cheap.
"Hey, big brutha bad man!" a chirpy voice said from behind Burnout.
Burnout spun toward the speaker. "Jeff." His word sounded so mousy, so thin. His stance loosened. He spread his arms as if wanting to dash across the street to Power Plant and embrace him. Instead, he mustered back his strength and resumed his stance. "Jeff, stay there. I'll be with you in a moment. Just let me take care of this kindergartner." If Asinine knew what that statement meant, it would probably offend him. Most things he understood offended him. Good thing he didn't offend easily.
Burnout turned back to Asinine. Flames engulfed his fists. They crackled up his wrists, blackening them into the image of skeletal hands. "I'm here for my brother, Asinine. Give him back to me."
"Yeah, right. I've got a deal going with Legion for gobs of money. I like my bargaining chips to stay right where they are, and since Power Plant obviously wasn't too fond of the Wreck Room, I'm quite content with him treating my bodyguard like a shooting victim as long as he stays put." Asinine looked down at Braindead, who rolled past, hurled away thanks to a blast that had left his sleeves in tatters. "Good work, Braindead. Just a tip, but you should fight back now."
"Give my brother back." Burnout stood straighter, clenched his jaw, and tightened his skeletal fists. A lamppost beside him bowed with his heat. "I won't tell you again."
"Good. I don't want to hear about it again."
Burnout raised his hands, aimed. Fire spewed toward Asinine. Asinine curled, dived away from the torrent. Grabbed the pistol in his holster, sprang up. Shot once, twice. The light-bullets cut toward Burnout like fasteners shot from a rubber band except the curls of these fasteners didn't catch on the rubber band and slap his nose on the rebound.
Burnout soared upward. The light-bullets struck the wall behind him. He curled down and flew forward, slammed into Asinine. They mashed into a two-man wheel that rolled toward a wall. Asinine dropped his pistol when they struck the wall. They separated, Asinine kicked, struck Burnout's collarbone. Burnout twisted with the attack, served his own fist to Asinine's chin. They stumbled apart but came together. Burnout kicked, but Master Asinine blocked and parried with a fist. The two stepped into their attacks, locked forearms. Burnout kicked again. Asinine blocked with his heel, followed through with a foot to Burnout's kneecap—crack! Something about these distance attackers didn't work in close-quarters combat. Maybe their shoelaces. Things always came down to shoelaces.
Burnout fell back. Asinine wiped his chin of cold sweat and circled around Burnout's back. Heh. Legion had obviously trained Burnout thoroughly but had left him unprepared for Asinine's skill and winter-fresh breath. Asinine's fist slammed into Burnout's right cheek. A kick greeted Burnout's chin. Another punch struck his forehead. The next move would reach for his wallet.
Burnout staggered back. His head smacked into a wall with the sound of eggshells crushed under a hammer. He slid down, a bruise already forming below his right eye. His limbs quivered with the effort of lifting his body. He slackened against the wall without the strength to even stand, though he tried.
The crackling of battle decreased, the turret finding fewer targets. The resulting quiet and diminished burned-toast smell were a relief. At least those generics weren't darting around like cockamamie windup toys anymore. But, crock, they'd dropped in droves. That was their purpose, but Asinine hadn't planned to spend them all in one place.
"Can't win, can you?" Master Asinine snickered. He slapped Burnout's cheek to rouse him, but Burnout simply tilted aside against a lamppost. Asinine retrieved his pistol and pressed it against Burnout's forehead, into the discolored bruise. He smiled, and his finger inched along the trigger—
Thrusters growled behind him! His smile deflated, and a flood of light spilled over him so brilliantly he had to block his eyes with his knee-slappin' hoedown arm. The Fireball leveled downward, approaching him to within a few perilous feet.
"FREAKLING." That little punk Power Plant's voice roared through the Fireball's public address system. "LEAVE MY BROTHER 'LONE OR FACE A SMACKIN' SO SMACKSTASTIC, I MARINATES YER TONSILS IN APPENDIX FLUID, YOU SACK O—ZAT NULL? Y'ALL ACTUALLY BRINGED NULL?"
"What if marinating my tonsils sounds tasty?" Asinine asked over the din.
The Fireball's lasers charged in an ascending whir, and Asinine's face stretched disbelievingly. The rounded tips of both lasers stared at him with energy crackling around them. His jaw dropped. Oh, no.
He flipped backward to avoid laserfire that punched the building behind him, creating a hole wide enough for a thundermammal to charge through. The Fireball pivoted with Asinine. Asinine ducked from the thunderous volley that passed overhead in a long streak across the building's face. The Fireball rotated until it had discharged the last of its energy. It now dry-fired nothing.
Asinine glanced across the battlefield. Power Plant and his pet drink dispenser, that spiky guy, the insane suicide bomber, even a couple of parking meters…missing. He stood and surveyed a carved line of laserfire that zigzagged across the building. Next time they wanted to carve something, he'd give them a block of ice.
Power Plant emerged from the Fireball's ruined access port and balanced himself on the wing. The Fireball refocused on Asinine. They'd have felt sorry for their assault on him if he'd still had his potato gun. Deeply, starchily sorry. The type of sorry that came when you realized, in the middle of a meteor shower, you'd spent all your windshield fluid. Or when you realized you forgot to tip your waiter. Or when—
Okay, stop obsessing over this in battle.
A poofing cloudburst detonated under Power Plant's feet, launching him into the air. He sped toward Burnout, who slumped unconsciously, barely below the line that the Fireball's lasers had dug into the building.
A soft whir, like the sound of a jet powering up, made Asinine pause. The lasers were gathering more energy, daring him to move. Asinine stood helplessly, unable to stop Power Plant from rescuing Burnout. Just freaking great.
Power Plant landed next to Burnout. He lifted Burnout's arms around his neck, blasted upward, and glided toward the Fireball with Burnout hanging like dead weight. He entered the Fireball, and it backed away, rearing—oh no, oh crock—rearing into the glass-roofed catwalk between his Wreck Room and the building beside it!
Asinine gasped and put a hand to his mouth. His other hand grasped forward as if to reach for them, as if to stop their Fireball's thrusters from dissolving the catwalk's plastimetal into softened alloy. The Fireball ground into the length of the passage until it settled against the Wreck Room entrance. His Wreck Room was ablaze. The same happened to the room on the other end of the passage, his all-important whatever-that-room-was room. He had no clue what the room was for, but he was sure it was way awesome. And that Righty could find something infinitely stupid to do with it.
"JAKEY, YER RIDE'S HERE!" Power Plant boomed through the public address system. The Fireball rotated left to guide its access port toward the entrance.
Asinine couldn't stop them. He felt helpless, completely helpless to prevent Franchise from appearing in the opening, looking toward the access port, and jumping through it when the gap was narrow enough.
They were escaping. No fair!
The Fireball rose, first slowly but gradually gaining speed. Now was Asinine's chance! He dived for a nearby potato gun, brought it up, searched for that wire he had cut before. There—reinserted into the charging cell so the Fireball would function. He peered through the potato gun's spyglass. This would be easier than giving a bald man a haircut.
And then a screech! So deafeningly loud, so cacophonously earsplitting was it that Asinine's head felt as though it were bursting. He wanted to scream—wasn't sure if he already was because he couldn't hear a thing except the alarm igniting between his ears. He buckled into a knotted ball and mashed his hands over his temples and tightened as much as his body would allow. His potato gun dropped onto the curbside. He couldn't think, couldn't hear, couldn't tolerate the pressure that split his lobes and squashed his inner ears against his brain.
As abruptly as the attack had begun, it stopped. Master Asinine removed his hands reluctantly. The bells ringing in his ears sounded as real as a bomb detonating inside his skull. He looked up at the departing Fireball—and lunged for his potato gun!
"Eat hot potato!" he screamed, longing for them to hear his threat over the clatter of their Fireball. He fired a potato that soared, soared…and struck their windshield. He laughed with newfound energy and pumped an arm triumphantly. He had hit! He had hit their stupid windshield. He had made them turn on their windshield wipers to clean the potato off. One point for him. Woohoo!
Their Fireball ascended, tilted right, and cut through the atmospheric bubble, rupturing a hole into it. The starship shot out of sight.
Lieutenant IQ 23 approached from behind. "What happened, sir? I missed everything. I've been distributing programs of tonight's battle to our underinformed generics."
Master Asinine watched the hole in the atmospheric bubble gel shut. "They escaped, Lieutenant. They all escaped and trashed my Wreck Room and shot a line through our building here—what's that building for, anyway?—and cornered me with their Fireball's weapon systems and forced me to back away from killing their elemental. Then they escaped. We lost our prisoners and what's left of our pride. But I got the last shot in, Lieutenant." He thumbed himself with one hand and clapped the other over IQ 23's shoulder. "I got the last laugh. Not them. Me." He peered into the open range of space where their Fireball had escaped. "They'll be eating hot-launched potato fury for the next little while…if they scrape that mess off their starship and put it in their soup.
"And you guys!" He looked at his surviving generics that littered the street like groaning Mardi Gras partiers on the morning after the celebration. "You're all in big trouble. No more breathing privileges for a week."
"Sir, that's not really benefici—"
"And, Lieutenant, since when were those two brothers?" Master Asinine waited for an answer IQ 23 probably couldn't provide. They stared at each other for a long moment.
"Sir, your ears are bleeding."
Chapter Nineteen: Two-Headed Monsters Are Grouchy
"Jeff?" Burnout muttered through his swollen lip. Now conscious, he opened his eyes slowly, the heat from the bruise on his right cheek still moist. He stared at B-Kestrel's ceiling. He found himself stretched across two rows of chairs folded into a padded inertiabed, feeling a field hold him in place. He lifted his head, but that jabbed his brain so painfully that sitting on elephant tusks would have felt more pleasant.
The illumination from the overhanging light panel looked blue, a product of discolored vision, typical of staring into the barrel of a pistol when it fired. The discoloration in his vision would fade before his cuts healed. He smelled acrid blood, like what you would smell when hanging upside down. A stream of it oozed slowly from his upper lip, but that wasn't what he smelled. He smelled the bruises on his face, the pools of blood in his bumps. Hot pain flapped against him. No, wait. That was his tattered impact suit.
Burnout guessed the starship's haunt control had erected a shield screen over the damaged access port. Good thing, or else the temperature in here would match the absolute-zero bitterness of space.
Jeff came into view and hung over Burnout's vision with an apologetic expression. His face blushed, and in the blue light, his eyes shimmered. He clutched a bandaged collarbone. With him safe, the pain meant nothing to Burnout, absolutely nothing in the swelling relief he felt over Jeff's well-being. A pain ten times multiplied would be worth it.
Burnout couldn't help smiling. "Hey, big guy," he whispered. A whisper was all he could muster.
"Hey, brutha, ya looks like a knuckle sammich," Jeff said. "Hope you feelin's good enough to walks 'cause the stretcher ya sittin' on ain't wanna detach from the floor. Ya even stayed asleeped when Car Alarm did his thang. Asinine was 'bout to slam a potato up our rear so hard it would feeled like a proctologist with a baseball glove. Good thing Car Alarm used the public address mike instead o' the internal speakers, or we'd all needs ear transplants."
Jeff's characteristic speech caused Burnout to chuckle. Ouch. He dulled a cough though a network of pain still pinched his body. "Legion wanted me to let you know you're grounded from video games for the month. You and Franchise will also be washing graffiti off lockers as punishment. And no metalcore music in the meantime, whatever he meant by that." His mouth curled into a stiff smile. Bad idea. He winced, and the smile faded. Too bad the red-hot protest his cheeks made persisted. "And no more detonating mannequins on Station One's east lawn for a month. That's my little contribution to your punishment." His sight blurred with the tears of overwhelming joy. "It's good to have you home."
"Name's Jeffy. We 'scaped away pretty clean 'cept we didn't leaves Car Alarm behind. Kamikaze even nabbed that two-headed monster—"
"I'm not a two-headed monster!" a voice grated from the door that led to the detainment deck. Snort. "Also I don't live in a cave, you punk puppet!" The Bad Guys' two-headed chief of security, Schizophrenic, struggled against the wrapping of what must have been a straitjacket. The rings that fastened the straitjacket to B-Kestrel's corner clanged sharply.
"Even gots his weapon. Makes ya sleeps when you gets punched!" Jeff pulled a glove out of a back pocket.
"Hey, I totally forgot I had that," Lefty said.
Jeff smiled, showing a gap in his teeth. He raised a soda can in one hand. "Wants a Colamax? Car Alarm givin' 'em away for free nows."
Burnout's vision faded. He slurred his words. "Don't pull this stunt again. Love you, buddy."
Kamikaze's voice ripped Burnout from an encroaching sleep. "You guys think the two-headed monster's pistol can melt my brain?"
Chapter Twenty: Anal Excavation
"At least we have that Good Guy wreckage," Asinine said to Lieutenant IQ 23. He and IQ 23 strolled across a lit intersection toward where the wreckage of the first Good Guy transport sat around the corner of one building.
Beside their path lay Braindead, severely thrashed with minor laser burns that scalded his skin. Unconscious, he slumped against the side of the building and would spend a few days in the infirmary under the care of Bricktionary, the walking confusatory. Braindead's skin withstood burns better than the skin of other species (Virillians hailed from a sun-rich planet). Otherwise, the radiation would have poisoned him. As things stood, his armor required heavy repair. Now might be a good time to suggest replacing it with that turkey outfit Asinine had seen floating in this year's Thanksgiving Day parade. That thing looked fierce.
But now was the time to excavate those Good Guy secrets from that wreckage. And Asinine hoped to pull this week's Viewscreen Broadcast Scheduler from its bathroom. Oh, the joy! The look on Legion's face when the Bad Guys figured out the Good Guys' combat maneuvers, when they unscrambled the Good Guys' security protocols, when they completed Viewscreen Broadcast Scheduler's trivia questions. With those protocols unscrambled, Asinine could send taxi-trans to the Good Guys as a prank. Lots of them. Master Asinine's face glimmered. Oh, the evil he would cause.
He and IQ 23 hopped over the curbside, reached the corner, and turned—
Wait. The area was vacant. That couldn't be. There sat the collapsed antenna cluster. There sat the crater that the crash had caused. There stood the building from which the retardant foam had spewed. And there, stupidly smacking its lipless mouth, sat Appetite. But no wreckage. Asinine was positive this was the crash site.
Appetite looked him over. The blundering gargoyle sniffed the air, crouched onto all fours, and began licking the ground. Asinine studied what Appetite was licking: an oily fluid shimmering in rainbow ripples of black, purple, and orange.
Appetite had eaten the wreckage. Appetite had eaten the Good Guy secrets. Appetite had eaten their only means to breach the Good Guys' security protocol. Appetite had probably eaten their Viewscreen Broadcast Scheduler.
What a flaming bummer.
"At least it's fed," Master Asinine said before Appetite caught the scent of a nearby lamppost.
Appetite sank its claws into the lamppost, rending the silence with the howl of anguished metal. It withdrew its claws, gripped again, and clasped malformed handfuls of the lamppost in each mammoth paw. It smacked one handful into its mouth and chewed noisily.
"Somehow I doubt that thing will ever be fed, sir."
Master Asinine sat on the curbside.
Was it possible to excavate from a digestive system rectally? Oh, wait. Appetite had no rectum.

THE END

NEXT BOOK:
Christmas Chainsaw Massacre!
You there! Yes, you, fan with impeccable taste! You read through this book so read-throughingly that I'm gonna bonus you up something amazing. I present to you the next gripping book of Chronicles of Future Idiots: Director's Cut

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy
Book 3: Technophobia


Master Asinine has another "best plan ever" tucked away in his mismatched socks. This time he plans to hit the Good Guys at home. So when he orders Brick to whip up a gadget that will commandeer Station One's haut control, the Good Guys have to shut down his shenanigans before it shuts them down for good. All this while military investors visit the station. To boot, Master Asinine sends his two newest agents to finish the job in person, so you know he means business.
Can the Good Guys overcome the seized haunt control before the haunt control sets their showers on low-flow and also murders people? Despite the assault, can Legion convince military investors to back the Good Guys? Will everyone survive? Will anyone survive? Must I ask any more stupid questions before you yell, "Fine. I'll read your story!" and storm off in aggravation?

Check www.inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com for release info, news, and love notes from a certain top-secret admirer. (Psst, it's me.)

Grab book 3 at:

tiny.cc/iagffa3
Book 3, Chapter One: Squeezing Water from a Stone
November 3, 9109, 7:13 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
"You're dead," Legion heard Schizophrenic's left head, Lefty, say. "All of you. I'm not afraid of you slobber punks. Heh. My idiot 'friends' are going to slaughter every one of you."
Legion's antennae twisted to the staticky sound of the prisoner, the two-headed Schizophrenic, rapping on the transparent shield screen that divided him from the three Good Guys. The screen made his voice echo in the cell. Pertinent data on him scrawled across the screen, consistently switching through a variety of subjects: vital signs, rap sheet, kinesics, body composition, sleep schedule, and favorite breed of mule.
"I don't cares, just gimme the skinny!" Power Plant vaulted from his stool and slammed an open palm into the shield screen. He stumbled cheek-first with uncontrolled momentum, and blue spiders of electricity crackled around the screen where he made contact. And what had Lefty said? Everything had gotten mixed in with "idiot friends."
Power Plant staggered back, the scent of burned fabric wafting from his sleeve and the bandage around his healing shoulder blade. "Ow. That thing taste like an ogre's squeegee." However an ogre's squeegee tasted, Legion wanted never to know.
"Oh, for—" Franchise, the other half of the two-man interrogation crew that produced the same results as a mako shark delivering a sermon, grabbed Power Plant's shoulder and peeled him back. "Smashing into a shield screen is not how you question a prisoner. Every prisoner has an in, and you have to figure out what that in is. Crock, why am I telling you? You still have trouble with the microwave."
"Hey, I can figures out the microwave plenny fine. Cook, kitchen timer, power level. It ain't hard to makes cereal, ya know."
At the Good Guys' space station, Station One, these three Good Guys and their prisoner occupied the small cellblock. Steel walls divided the holding cells from one another. Humming shield screens separated those cells from the main area, prisoners from their captors. Yes, only three holding cells. Evidently, the Good Guys' parent organization, Intergalactic Protection, followed the creed "Shoot first and ask questions later." That still sounded better than Kamikaze's creed: "Shoot ourselves first and what was the rest?"
Legion tapped MUTE on a nearby console so the shield screen wouldn't transmit sound to Schizophrenic. "Guys, please calm down and take this interrogation seriously." He felt like slapping them both. A few times. "This is our one opportunity to get the drop on Lowensland and the Bad Guys at their station. Any information we can squeeze out of Schizophrenic might make the difference between a win and a loss." He unmuted the screen.
They needed inside information on Lowensland's operations. That concern dug into Legion's heart like a jackhammer. Yesterday, he had attempted to coax even the smallest secret from Schizophrenic's steel-trap heads, but he'd had no luck: Lefty resisted cooperation to the highest degree, and Righty said he would talk only for a Popsicle. The one time the Good Guys had run out of Popsicles.
So call it a final stab, but Power Plant and Franchise now interrogated Schizophrenic simply because they had asked to do so. It had sounded like a harmless idea. After all, the continued survival of the galaxy might depend on Schizophrenic's knowledge. Now, more and more, Legion doubted the effectiveness of this interrogation, especially when he considered Power Plant's questions: What was the color of Schizophrenic's blood? And could he tell them how to iron the wrinkles out of old people's bellybuttons? These marked the apex of penetrating inquiries from Power Plant and Franchise, interrogation team extraordinaire.
"I'm telling you. Once they get here, you're dead." Lefty's tongue slithered out between his teeth.
Wait, did he use the word dead? Legion couldn't hear with Power Plant blaring over Lefty, "Jakey, ask him where's Master Asinine buys his pajamas. Ya think his blood's like acid stuff, like blood of a alien space invasioner? Can it melts through steel?"
"Yeah, sure it can. Why not?" Lefty spat a laugh at Legion. "Do you actually think these two pissing bung suckers have enough brains to question me?"
Legion shrugged halfheartedly. "It was almost worth a shot."
Genuine heroes such as Colonel Patton—or, since his promotion to Intergalactic Protection's Good Guy supervisor, Brigadier General Patton—would have interrogated this prisoner into free-flowing tears in minutes. By now, the Good Guys would have been swimming in information on Lowensland, the pajama-buying Master Asinine in question. Power Plant and Franchise had, by contrast, taken twenty minutes to attempt extracting anything, and that extraction had come as a demand that screamed, "Gimme the skinny!" These two questioned prisoners with the success of a deaf man learning French from an audiochip.
At their hijinks, Schizophrenic's heads both sneered (Lefty) and clapped giddily (Righty). Lefty almost snickered—almost, as if he would display even a scrap of joy. Righty chirped for more, clearly still high from the sugar in the chocolate éclair he had engulfed. Or from the previous nine. In many ways, he resembled Power Plant. Which reminded Legion to ask him, "Do you need to potty before you wet the prisoner bed? Again?"
A chill swept past Legion. He preferred heat, but a chilly cellblock usually unsettled prisoners, helped to pry out that crucial, survival-dependent information. Same with that unintentional musty odor in the room. Neither of these unsettled Schizophrenic. Righty had even asked to see polar bears bouncing on beach balls. This was not a circus.
"Oh! Oh! Oh, oh! Oh!" Power Plant's arm bolted up with a hand flapping from his skinny wrist. He dropped it. "Lesse if he balance a stack o' chairs on his snout. Or a stack o' missiles!" Legion groaned at the suggestion. Maybe this was a circus
Lefty scowled at Power Plant. "They're on their way right now. First they'll kill you. Then they'll kill whichever of your parents let you live."
"Both, but neithers was very good at it."
Legion leaned forward. "Did you just say Power Plant's parents are on their way?"
Franchise turned from Schizophrenic, cracking his knuckles. He wore a salesman's smile. "Legion, you can't question a prisoner like that. You have to work your way up to the real questions. Schmooze. Ask him how his day went. You know: be slick, be smooth." He smiled at Schizophrenic and leaned on a wall with an elbow, his palm against his temple. "You having a good day so far? You all right? Want the lights dimmed? Some quiet music? A shoulder to cry on? Hey, I'm here for you." He eased a hand onto the shield screen. The screen shocked him in response, so he yanked his hand away. Legion never, ever, ever wanted to see him do that act again.
The odor of Power Plant's sizzled impact shirt still singed the air like moldy cotton. "I thinks he talk if he maybe eat some more brains," he said.
"I'd keep that in mind if he were part of the living dead." Legion checked his watch. He had to meet those investors soon.
Though Legion had taken up Intergalactic Protection's offer to extend their medical plan to the Good Guys, he had declined IP's umbrella funding plan that would have made Letchtech the Good Guys' main sponsor. Wanting their dangerous latent technology far away from this space station, he instead had opted for the investors he would soon meet. Neither Letchtech nor its computer-stored l tech belonged on this station, aside from l clothes, which some Good Guys needed to use their inborn hyperabilities. L tech, whether from Letchtech or any other manufacturer, was dangerous garbage, and Legion couldn't understand how it had become mainstream technology. Letchtech responded to Legion's refusal by pressuring IP into withdrawing offensive support from the Good Guys after the Bad Guys' space station was located. Without IP's help, the Good Guys couldn't attack the Bad Guys, who sat exposed. An assault now would be perfect, though, since the Good Guys' attack on Lowensland's new headquarters a few days ago had left him shorthanded on generics, the no-name henchmen he employed.
Station One had a haunt control, voice-recognition software that enacted a user's verbal commands—so named because it made the location in which it was installed seem haunted. So when Legion had realized he'd be late to meet the visiting investors, he told the haunt control to summon the closest available Good Guy to greet them in the station's reception lobby. The haunt control had chosen Kamikaze, their suicidal madman and least likely ambassador. Because he could autoresurrect, Kamikaze loved death and pain. He didn't understand that others didn't have his hyperability, so he strung everyone else along in his thrill seeking. Legion should have thought before commanding the haunt control to pick any Good Guy.
"Guys, not to rush your marginally effective method of questioning, but we have investors arriving right now, and I need to greet them, get their money, get rid of them, and get back here so I can wheedle anything—anything—out of Schizophrenic. And, Power Plant, did IP seriously schedule a parents' day on Station One?"
Power Plant jerked his head at Legion. "Why does we needs investors, anyway?"
Lefty snorted. "To hire better interrogators than you two idiot-level morons with your second-grade grammar." He had grown mouthier since Legion had confiscated his toothpicks.
"Unless things have changed since you asked me that exact question all of five minutes ago, it's because our funds are nonexistent right now," Legion said. "And the fact that you two are our prisoner interrogators is testimony to our need for more funds. Plus, what he said except a lot nicer. Anyway, finding an investor is better than finding a sponsor. No bothersome ads every ten seconds or logos to sew onto our media outfits. And, Power Plant, stop tapping the shield screen. Schizophrenic isn't a fish."
Power Plant still tapped. "Wouldja maybe thinks drawing him a pictures of a robot on fire might help?"
This was a test. Alaphus, in all His godly wisdom, was testing Legion. To build his character. And on this test, Legion expected an F. "No, drawing him a robot on fire won't help. Or the thundermammal on fire you mentioned or, my least favorite, the explosion on fire. But if you do draw one, our prisoner would have something to pin to the wall of his cell. Or to your neck."
He placed an elbow on the stony wall and rubbed his forehead. The wad in his pocket folded like a knuckle against his left buttock. The sleep-inducing knockout glove he had confiscated from Schizophrenic. He had never seen their prisoner use the glove. He assumed Lefty preferred beating adversaries into paste over putting them to sleep. Righty probably preferred dressing them in troll costumes.
Franchise began pacing, his expression telling Legion he was pretending to think. He even curled a hand around his chin. Good show. "Okay, we have a two-headed prisoner, and we can't even pop out the first juicy secret. He's just like our candy machine. And, just like with the candy machine, this calls for the bad Good Guy, worse Good Guy routine."
Legion stood straight. "Is that why our candy machine is broken?"
"Quit holding out on us, or we'll send you back to your cave without supper, you doubleheader!" With a face like blood on fire (Power Plant's obsession was affecting Legion), Franchise whirled around and glared at Schizophrenic. "We have ways of making you talk, and we're close to figuring out what those ways are."
Schizophrenic sprang at the shield screen and slammed both palms against it. It snapped at him, but he didn't react. "For the sixtieth crocking time, I don't live in a cave!"
Power Plant slashed a finger at him. "So ya admits to livin' in a jungle outhouse guarded by jackrabbit-elephants mush-ups. Answer now or face a fistfuls o' hurled Legion!" He grabbed Legion by the collar.
"Hey!" Legion wrestled free.
"Will you chumps listen? My buddies are coming for me." Lefty spoke as calmly as if ordering dinner. The kinesics readout on the shield screen agreed: his body language said he felt a high level of comfortability. "We don't take kindly to one of our own as a prisoner of war—especially not me, our head of security. When Asinine shows up, he's going to kill the most diabolical of you first. That means you two, and I'll laugh and point you out so he knows whose eye sockets to grind their heels into. People think he's an idiot. He is. But that collection of lost marbles at least has the sense to rescue one of his own. He doesn't have to be a genius."
* * *
"I—AM—A—GENIUS!"
At the railing of a third-story balcony, Master Asinine overlooked the crowd of generics in the parking lot that sat thirty feet below with lampposts spotlighting it so no one stole any hubcaps off the transports. Asinine had summoned the crowd to announce his newest invention, one that would commence the Good Guys' final undoing. He loved undoing things. His bootlaces especially. They presented an exciting challenge.

To be continued like you wouldn't believe...


Now that you got a taste, grab the whole meal at tiny.cc/iagffa3.
Because these books are like bacon:
you always want the rest of the plate.
Appendix: Species
Fleeson
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Rejavillia
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
Less than 0.05% because they're douche mongers who prefer to live in places that operate at their speed
Average Lifespan
1,100 years, give or take a fortnight
Description
They look exactly like Terrans by the naked eye and have 99 percent the same genetic structure. (It's that 1 percent that, if you changed, would make them trees.)
Fleesons move, talk, and think at approximately three times the speed of other species, but they drive like they're leaving a church parking lot. They slow themselves so others can perceive them as anything more than a blur.
They're easily annoyed around other species because they're forced to move more slowly than comfortable, they're not big fans of our frosted cereals, and they can't fathom why we still print our yellow pages.
Their genetics prevent the capacity to grow a hypergland, so Fleesons can't develop hyperabilities. Suckers.
They're mononymous, since they have no family identity.
Examples
Momentum, the bank phone operators you can barely understand
Gharalgian
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Gharalga
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
7%
Average Lifespan
800 years
Description
They have chattery, high-pitched voices overlaid with a throat effect that sounds a lot like signal static. They can suffer skin diseases that inflict them with bright orange, flaky skin, so don't let them shed on your couch. In fact, it's probably best if they walk around inside giant sealable baggies.
Gharalga is known to be rich with oil and raw ore, which has led to trades with other species. The Gharalgians are hoarders, so they're reluctant to give up their precious oil and ores and sometimes confuse one for the other. This has caused nice, bright effects when their transports hit the freeway.
Usually at odds with Terrans over age-old territorial disputes, they still find the time to attend Terran birthday parties and bar mitzvahs. They seldom invite Terrans to their own parties, though. And that's unfortunate because they make the best pecan pie you've ever tasted.
Examples
Requiston
Haralsian
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Haralichire
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
9%
Average Lifespan
A whopping 1,700 years (some pretty old dudes in there)
Description
Their skin is deep pink or teal. They stand an average of five feet or, in technical measurements, one great aunt wearing high heels. Their fingernails are deep yellow and rounded at the ends. They are usually either incredibly hostile or, in very rare cases, incredibly cowardly. Sometimes they can be cool, though, especially the guy who operates the fry stand outside my building.
Their blood consists of a bright orange acid, much like citric acid. They have very thin, flexible tails of interlocking knobs of cartilage. These tails grow as long as three feet and end in a blunt nub. The tails are strong enough to carry about twenty pounds or, in technical measurements, one great aunt wearing high heels.
That citric blood thing is more weird than fascinating, isn't it?
Examples
Markiset (deep-pink skinned)
Logistican
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Logistica
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
4%
Average Lifespan
1,000 years
Description
This is a very cold, calculated species. Don't try the puppy-dog face on them, 'cause it won't work. They act with an extremely egotistical attitude, like your mother when she forbade you from going to that party even though Devon Amherst was going. Yes, the Devon Amherst. Still, some Logisticans can be submissive, which is seen as a psychological dysfunction among their species. Most, however, are hostile toward members of any species but their own. This means you, Rick. And you, too, Sally. But not you, other Rick.
Most are found in Logistica, a neighbouring galaxy to Renovodomus, although very rare exceptions are scattered around heavily populated areas in other galaxies. Unlike Virillians, they're a social bunch with members of other species. Their social relations often involve—you guessed it—condescending conversation. This often degrades into challenges of bar darts and basketball free-throw. You know, extreme feats of skill.
They are generally very well built, boasting a body fat percentage in the low single digits. They have gray skin and wide faces but otherwise resemble muscular Terrans.
Their religious activists move from galaxy to galaxy to destroy belief systems that oppose their own. This stems from their distrust of all other species and the fact that their religion has fewer last suppers and resurrections than others. That ain't cool with them.
They love breath mints.
They can't drink you under the table no matter how hard they brag.
Examples
Brick, Wiltroh
Mercurian
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Mercury (terraformed)
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
Not applicable due to extinction and stuff
Average Lifespan
Only 90 years because age-retardant medicine didn't play well with their blood types
Description
They had red skin and no body hair. Kind of weird. Don't stare, though. It's not polite. They were engineered to live in intense heats.
They're extinct. Not a smart bunch to begin with. Well, okay, maybe one or two are left alive somewhere, but honestly, if we discovered them, we'd probably force them into a habitat to mate but then they wouldn't mate and end up dying anyway. That's as good as extinct, right? Okay, they're extinct.
They began war with Terra on October 1, 6116—something about an unpaid bar tab or it could have been that thing about trade routes. No one knows for sure.
They were destroyed by their own explosives on May 5, 6119. Someone had a little too much drinky-drinky around the big red button.
They were a very private species, so nobody knows much about them.
Examples
None except that has-been star on that one variety show whose title I can't remem—Merry Mercury Madcaps, that was it. Came to me just now. Catchy theme song.
Raestagian
Body Type
Bulbosoid
Home Planet
Raestag
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
2%
Average Lifespan
950 years
Description
They stand four feet tall and are very excitable. They love a good party. Their skin is colored various shades of red, the healthiest ones having the deepest shades. Those with sicknesses look pinkish.
Their outer layer is filled with air sacks that act as lungs. They can be deflated if pricked. But don't worry: they heal quickly. They have thin limbs with knobby elbows and knees, and their muscles are very delicate, like that dude from Unbreakable.
They love people. They act with avid enthusiasm when shown any social interest, even eye contact. An extremely loyal bunch, they're your best friend forever. If you cross them, they'll easily forgive you once you show the slightest bit of remorse. But don't take advantage. It's not nice.
Don't make eye contact.
Examples
None
Robot
Body Type
Various
Home Planet
Not applicable
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
1%
Average Lifespan
Not applicable
Description
They are a species by unconventional means. To be considered an artificial intelligence and, therefore, part of a living species, a robot must have been given life through means independent of natural birth, creation, programming, or some overweight electrician with a screwdriver.
A rating system to determine levels of artificial intelligence was devised in 6100 by Dr. Taliss Fruger, named after her: the Fruger System, based off the Turing Test. To be considered a true life form, a robot must have an AI of level two or higher. This led to robots of level two AI and higher to be given basic rights and legal status as people in 6104.
Level one: not true artificial intelligence. Possesses decision-making skills, but these skills are behavior dictated by complex software, not a true show of free will. Like your pocket calculator or the guy at your laundromat who can't make proper change.
Level two: some signs of thinking on the level of a dimwitted living thing. Thinking goes beyond what is detailed in its original programming, i.e. it's learning, even if that learning is simplistic. Like the guy at your laundromat who can make proper change.
Level three: some thinking that originally evolved from software parameters. A rule of thumb is that, if software had dictated its behavior at one point, but it now shows free will and some intellectual capacity, it's a level-three artificial intelligence.
Level four: free will on the level of a living thing with no dictating software but possessing the capacity to be controlled by software.
Level five: an artificial intelligence that has no capacity of being controlled by software.
They think Futurama is an accurate account of history. We haven't told them the truth yet. It would break their little electrical heart pumps.
Examples
Car Alarm (a level-two artificial intelligence)
Terran (that's us!)
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Terra
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
54%
Average Lifespan
1,100 years
Description
They form almost three-quarters of the population of Renovodomus (they were its first settlers) and more than half of the population of Stratus Cloud. They have various skin tones (pink, black, olive, and sometimes red and blue when their favorite Ultimate Couponing teams make the playoffs).
They average six feet, but some grow as tall as eight feet or as short as four. Usually Americanadian. They can mate with Trioxidillians.
Their intelligence is considered widely sporadic: this is the same species that blessed us with Stephen Hawking but burdened us with bell-bottoms. Things got weird during that time period.
Examples
Ace Spandex, Burnout, Franchise, Harrier, Kamikaze, Lieutenant IQ 23, Master Asinine, Mechanism, Null, Pincushion, Plaster, Power Plant, Reef, Schizophrenic
Trioxidillian
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Trioxil
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
15%
Average Lifespan
800 years
Description
Their skin is green or teal.
Their ears are covered with skin; small, pencil-thin antennae sprout upward from the tops of their ears, and sound travels down those antennae, which funnel extremely loud noises to protect Trioxidillians from going deaf. This comes in handy at a Metallica concert. But they don't go to Metallica concerts. They're a Slipknot species.
Their foreheads are often marked with black spots caused by stress. Their mouths are lipless. They have no noses, only exposed nostrils. It's super cool at Halloween. They have angular, black eyes with no pupils. These black eyes protect against overexposure to light. They see most colors darker than Terrans do.
They stand at an average of six feet tall. Like Mercurians, they're hairless. Their fingertips have circular pads to help them grasp and manipulate objects. They still can't pass a football to save their lives.
Pregnant Trioxidillians give birth to eggs, and the fetuses gestate externally. It's a smelly process. Not pleasant, but what can you do? You can thank evolution for that one. After the babies hatch, they have hydrating membranes from the egg that dry and fall off over the next couple months.
Male Trioxidillian names generally end in the suffix oss, while female Trioxidillian names generally end in the suffix iss.
Examples
Convenient Victim (teal skinned), Field Marshal Hullinger (green skinned), Legion (green skinned)
Ulfarian
Body Type
Bulbosoid
Home Planet
Ulfar
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
3%
Average Lifespan
900 years
Description
Can inflate blood sacs on the outer layer of their bodies to puff themselves up and keep warm. They travel by inflating and rolling across expanses.
Some of them sweat a lot. Buckets.
They're generally surly creatures. They're not withdrawn per se, but they're easily offended or angered.
They don't understand the stock market.
They love romantic comedies and hamburger, raw or otherwise. It's weird. It's just…weird.
Examples
None
Virillian
Body Type
Humanoid
Home Planet
Virilurn
Population Percentage of Stratus Cloud
5%
Average Lifespan
1,100 years
Description
They have green, scaly, hairless skin; they evolved from reptiles. Their tongues are paper-thin. They have every capability of speaking but don't (some only make grunting noises).
They're refined for war and have an impressive lean body mass percentage between around 90 to 95 percent. (The fat crocks who sit around on the couch eating cheese-powdered popcorn are the 90 percenters.)
They come from a hot planet and so their skin secretes a natural coating that protects them from UV rays and messes with flash photography.
Their brain patterns, when translated and analyzed, show similarities to computer code, as if they were a programmed species. This leads some to believe they're actually an organic artificial intelligence.
They're loners, although rare cases of extreme loyalty to an individual can be found (like Braindead's loyalty to Lieutenant IQ 23 or to fried chicken).
They don't like physical contact.
Examples
Braindead, Sikth'nkphth
Appendix: From Concept to Whatever This Thing Is: Car Alarm

About the Instigator
Liam Gibbs knew he was destined to write at age four, when he authored a breathtaking account of a cow who ate grass. The bovine saga failed to catch the public's eye but earned the budding author parental acclaim. Since those early times, he's gone on to write the novella Not So Superpowered and humorous articles for various magazines.
A twenty-year veteran of the brutal world of hand-to-hand comic book fandom, Gibbs cut his teenage teeth on titles such as Spider-Man, X-Men, New Warriors, and other Marvel comics.
Gibbs graduated college with a degree in professional writing, which included classes on fiction writing and story structure. He lives on the balmy shores of Ottawa, Canada, where he relaxes by watching staggeringly awful horror and science fiction movies. A health and fitness nut, he shoots lasers from his eyes, uses the word exclusive incorrectly, and once wrestled an exclusive brontosaurus. True story.


Hey, I'm looking pretty debonair. Someone other than me, take note!
I'M ON A MISSION...

…to get a kazillion book reviews.

If you enjoyed this book and want others to enjoy it too, please take a minute to review it online. Reviews are the #1 way to draw in new readers and keep the series going.

This book was written as an homage to the comic mythos, and I'd love it if more readers could find it.

And, hey, I'd love to hear what you thought. Let me know you reviewed it, and I'll check it out.

Two or three lines is cool, and it would mean the world to me.


Review the book my dog rated "good enough to chew up."

tiny.cc/iagffa2
FREE DOWNLOAD

I want to give you free stuff. For free even!

Join the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy army and get an exclusive, free story
you can't find anywhere else...just for signing up! How?
Mosey on over to tiny.cc/iagffa_army for all the details.

How awesome is that?



tiny.cc/iagffa_army
For updates and to find out how you, too, can make money just by sitting on your computer at home and then going out and getting a real job, please join this series online. It's what all the cool kids are doing.

Keep tabs on the series at inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com
Like it on at tiny.cc/iagffa_facebook
Follow it on tiny.cc/iagffa_twitter
Make barnyard noises with it on tiny.cc/iagffa_linkedin
Communicate via smoke signals by lighting trash on fire, grabbing an old blanket, and putting on a show your neighbors will never forget.

To see more of my weak grasp of the English language, please review this book online, in newspapers, everywhere. The more reviews people write, the better this book's ranking does, the more exposure this series gets, the more you help an independent author, and the more I love you for your inadvertent trash talk.
And don't weep for the dinosaurs. They never saw it coming.

For a list of review links, please visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com/series.php#id2.

