
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Honeymoon
Roulette
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
IRENE WOODBURY

Copyright
HONEYMOON ROULETTE
Irene Woodbury
Copyright © 2021 Irene Woodbury
All cover art Copyright © 2021
Cover Art by: Rick Schroeppel
www.bookcoverdesign.us
Irene Woodbury
All Rights Reserved
Honeymoon Roulette
ISBN: 978-1-7369674-1-6
No part of this publication may be reproduced, except in the case of quotation for articles, reviews, or stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from author Irene Woodbury. For information regarding permission, contact Irene Woodbury.
Honeymoon Roulette is a work of fiction, written solely for the enjoyment of its readers. All of the characters; names; locales; places of business; objects; and public figures, living or dead, presented in this novel either originated in the author’s imagination, or are used in a fictitious context. The situations, incidents, events, and opinions depicted in this book are also either a product of the author’s imagination, or used in a fictitious context.

Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38

* * * * Chapter 1 * * * *
Drybar blow-out: check.
MAC make-up session: check.
Heirloom pearl strand: check.
Designer wedding gown: check.
It was January 14, 2017, and Roxy Drake was all set to marry Connor J. Barrington in just one short hour. But then the phone rang. Mom was on the other end, breathing fire.
“Sweetheart, whatever you’re doing, stop, and get your buns down here, pronto! There’s something urgent we need to discuss with you.”
Oh God, what now, Roxy thought, rolling her eyes at her best friend and maid of honor, Amy Powell, lounging on a sky-blue love seat across the room.
“Mom, you’re scaring me. What is it? Please, just tell me.”
“No, darling, not over the phone. Come to our suite—now—and bring Amy.”
Roxy quickly slipped on ivory-satin pumps that matched the voluminous wedding gown that now engulfed her. Then she and Amy, who was decked out in mauve silk-taffeta, head-to-toe, dashed out the door. Down a plushly-carpeted Caesar’s Palace hallway they scurried to an ornate, marble elevator that ferried them to the sixth floor.
One more crimson-carpeted hallway later, they were standing in front of the Drakes’ elegant suite. Feeling strangely nervous, Roxy knocked on the door. In seconds, her father opened it. Tall, silver-haired Tom Drake was always a commanding presence, but this morning he appeared disheveled and out of sorts. Roxy was alarmed at how stressed out he seemed. A control freak honed by years of pressure as general manager of an upscale Chicago hotel, he shared his wife’s unbending will and overbearing ways. But now the bloodshot eyes and creases in his ruddy cheeks shook Roxy to the core.
“Mom, Dad, what’s going on?” she asked, tossing her hands up, looking back and forth nervously between the two. “This better be good. Amy was just about to touch up my pedicure.”
“Honey, this is far more important than your toenails,” petite, auburn-haired Margo Drake, clad in a chic mother-of-the-bride suit, shot back.
Roxy’s stomach lurched. Dear God, she thought, what is this? Then her mom started to speak.
“You see, sweetie, your dad and I felt we didn’t know enough about Connor. It bothered us more and more as the wedding got closer. So a few days ago we bit the bullet and rang up Roy Hopkins, you know, our old detective friend in Peoria. We asked him to take a peek at Connor’s background, even though we were confident there would be nothing. But we wanted to be sure. This is a big step you’re taking. You may be 25, but you’re still our baby girl. We’d hate to see you make a terrible mistake.”
Roxy’s heart dropped. In an instant, she’d been blindsided and now was mad as hell. Folding her arms against her chest, she stepped back and returned their steely gaze.
“You did what?” she bristled. “Called a private detective to investigate the man I’m marrying in one hour? Oh my God, this is insane! You’re both totally out of line. I’m the one getting married here, not you. Don’t you think I’m capable of making my own decisions?”
“Yes, honey, of course,” Roxy’s mom assured her. “But Connor will be a member of our family, too, and sometimes love is blind.”
Roxy rolled her eyes.
“Okay, so what did you find out?” she demanded, hands on hips, defiant and breathing fire. “That he stole a lollipop at the candy store when he was six years old?”
“Don’t be flippant with us!” Roxy’s dad cut in. “This is serious stuff. That piece of scum you’re about to marry was a murder suspect. He was under investigation for killing two women back in Colorado, one in 2003, the other in 2007. And both times the victim just happened to be his wife.
“Yes, Roxy, Connor had two wives before he met you, and both of them died early in the marriage under strange circumstances. One of them on a honeymoon ski-trip, the other in her own home. Hear us out, sweetheart: he was a person of interest in both deaths.”
The old man halted to let the bombshell sink in. Stunned by the revelations, Roxy teetered on the brink of collapse. Biting her lip, she clutched Amy’s arm for support.
Now it was her mom’s turn to pile on, and she was every bit as outraged as her father.
“When Roy called this morning and broke the news, we were stunned,” she said in a rush of words. “Honey, we can’t let you marry this man today, or any other day. We would both be very poor excuses for parents if we did. You need to talk to Connor and get the truth, if he’s even capable of that, and then weigh it all carefully before moving forward.”
Roxy was flabbergasted. In a matter of minutes, her world had been blown apart. Was her beloved Connor a committed husband-and-family-man-to-be, as she had always believed, or a wily, scheming wife-murderer? The two ideas were so completely at odds, she couldn’t figure out which one to believe. Her first instinct was to attack the messengers.
“All my life, you tried to stage-manage everything I did,” she lashed out at her parents. “Then I met Connor and things changed. I finally got to run my own life and make my own decisions. That drove both of you crazy, and now you’re trying to wreck my wedding.
“Nice try,” Roxy sneered, “but I don’t believe you for an instant. None of this could possibly be true. Connor would never murder anyone—he wouldn’t hurt a flea. He’d never be involved in something dark and evil like this, and, if he were, he surely would have told me. This is a horrible mistake, some hideous mix-up. There must be another Connor J. Barrington out there. Your private eye investigated the wrong guy.”
Now it was time for big brother, Wes, to join the fray. Bounding from a nearby sofa, he barked, “Why don’t we call lover-dude and get his ass down here right now to settle this?”
As a shoeless, tieless Wes grabbed the phone and called Connor, teary-eyed Roxy turned to Amy for comfort, the pair clutching each other like two lost souls in a Jane Austen novel.

* * * * Chapter 2 * * * *
In no time at all, 37-year-old Connor hustled into the Drakes’ suite, his buff, six-foot frame filling the doorway as he made his way through. He was a startling presence, his handsome face half-shaven, Barbasol dripping haphazardly from his chin, and his thick, tawny hair a tangled mess. His belt and suspenders dangled sloppily from a commanding gray cummerbund. He wore black tuxedo trousers, a white, half-buttoned shirt, and blue shower slippers.
“Connor,” Roxy cried, rushing forward, gripping his arm. “Mom and Dad hired a private eye to find out more about you. He says you had two marriages before you met me, and both wives died early on, under strange circumstances. You were considered a suspect both times. Please tell me none of this is true. It can’t be! Connor, you were never married before, were you?”
“Roxy, oh my God, what the hell is this?” the dazed groom-to-be sputtered, seemingly as jolted by the news as his fiancee had been. Wiping a glob of shaving goo from his cheek, Roxy’s golden beau struggled to collect his thoughts, while across the room, her dad and brother edged forward, simmering.
“Roxy, I’m sorry, so sorry,” Connor finally blurted, gazing into her eyes while trying to hold her. “I never meant to hurt you, I swear, but yes, it’s true. I was married twice before, and both wives died early on.
“Terrible tragedies, but they were both accidents, nothing more. I can explain it all, and the police can back me up. At first they tried to pin some of the blame, or all of it, on me. But they couldn’t. It all blew over, and now it’s all in the past.”
“So, what they’re saying is true?” Roxy asked, incredulous as she thrust an open hand towards her parents.
Turning back to Connor, she cried, “But why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you say something? We’ve been dating for two years and you never said a word. Oh, Christ! What else haven’t you told me?”
“Roxy, I meant to tell you, I swear, but the time was never right,” Connor tried to explain. “I was scared of losing you. I knew that if I said something, your parents would find out and jump all over it, and that would be the end.”
“Stop making excuses!” Roxy demanded. “This is something I had a right to know. How can I ever trust you again? How can I walk down the aisle and start a new life with you when I can’t believe a word you say?”
“I hear you,” a subdued, contrite Connor replied. “But listen to me, babe, this is something we can work through. Somehow, we can make it happen. It’s our feelings, deep down, that are the most important thing. And no matter what anyone says, I love you and I’m going to marry you today.
“This changes nothing for me, except I will never forgive your parents for ruining our special day!”
“Don’t lay that crap on us, you lowlife piece of scum,” old man Drake hollered. “You’re the one who was implicated in both your wives’ deaths.”
“I had nothing to do with Annie or Charlotte’s death,” Connor shouted, eyes ablaze with fury. “My word was good enough for the cops in Colorado, so back off, old man. Go talk to them and give us both a break.”
But the Drakes were now on a rant and wouldn’t back down, incensed as they were by the raw meat from their private detective and concerns for their daughter’s safety.
“It’s not that simple, Barrington, and you know it,” Roxy’s dad fired back. “Our detective tells us your rich parents back in Denver paid off the D.A.’s office to halt both investigations. That stinks to high heaven of cover-up and corruption. What were you trying to hide, the truth?”
“The truth is that both deaths were terrible accidents, one-in-a-million events that were never meant to be,” a furious Connor countered. “Annie died when she fell off a ski lift in Aspen, and Charlotte suffocated in her own closet. That’s it, the whole story.”
Just then, the phone rang. Wes grabbed it. Listening intently for a moment, he turned to his parents.
“Mom, Dad, it’s the catering department. They’re running out of shrimp, so they want to switch to crab puffs. Also, should they save the top layer of the cake for Roxy and Connor’s first anniversary?”
“Hang up the friggin’ phone, Wes!” his old man barked. “There’s not going to be a first anniversary because there’s not going to be a wedding. As of now, the whole shebang is off, kaput, not happening.”
“Tom, wait a minute!” Margo shouted from across the room. “The wedding’s off, but it’s too late to cancel everything. We can still go ahead with the lunch and cake. We’ll be there with the bridal party, and Roxy, but no Connor.”
Turning to Wes, she said, “Tell them to go ahead with the crab puffs, dear. And we’ll have the wedding cake for dessert, but no need to freeze a layer.”
As Wes relayed the orders to the caterer, Connor turned to Roxy.
“Babe, that’s not true, is it?” he asked, staring into her eyes and grabbing her hand. “The wedding’s still on, isn’t it? Tell me! We can work through all this later. We’ll go to Aspen and Denver and talk to the cops. You’ll see, there’s nothing to worry about.”
“You good-for-nothing piece of trash,”
Drake snarled, moving closer. “Stop scamming my daughter. The wedding’s off—forever. How could we ever let her go on a honeymoon cruise, or even to the corner market, with a serial-wife-killer like you? She’d be thrown overboard like meat for the sharks. That’s a gamble we’re not willing to take!”
Just in case Connor didn’t get the message, the crimson-faced old man grabbed a heavy bronze ashtray off an end-table and hurled it, missile-like, straight at him. Connor ducked as the projectile barreled into a credenza, knocking a lamp to the floor. Old man Drake yelled, ”You bastard! Your parents paid off the D.A. That’s how you got off, isn’t it?”
“Bullshit!” Connor thundered back. “My parents are good people who don’t lie, cheat, or pay people off.”
“Oh, really?” Drake raged on. “So where are they now? Why aren’t they here for your wedding? Maybe they have a guilty conscience about their serial-wife-killer-son marrying an innocent girl who knows nothing about his criminal past!”
This outburst pushed Connor over the edge. With his own face reddening by the second, he lunged at Tom Drake, going for his throat. Onto the carpet they tumbled, wrestling and upending a room-service cart laden with half-eaten finger sandwiches and demi-tasses of coffee.
Margo, Roxy, and Amy screamed and ducked for cover as all hell broke loose in the elegant suite. Cabinets, tables, and chairs were bashed and toppled left and right. A Wedgwood lamp shattered as it fell to the floor, spraying shards of glass everywhere. Then a huge vase of yellow roses came tumbling down.
From a doorway, Wes seized an antique ceramic clock and pitched it, missile-like, across the room, at Connor. He ducked as it crashed loudly into an inlaid hall mirror, smashing the glass and the ornate timepiece to smithereens.
Scrambling to aid his father, Wes lunged towards the two entangled men. But he quickly took a knee to the stomach from Connor and fell backwards, full force, into a mahogany cabinet. With sharp pain ripping through his mid-section, he struggled to rise.
“Break it up you two or I’m calling security!” he threatened.
His words had no effect, as the fight raged on. Frantically grabbing the phone off the floor, Wes called for help.
Within minutes, two beefy, uniformed security officers barged through the door of the VIP suite. Packing side arms and handcuffs, as if prepared for a shootout at the O.K. Corral, they leapt in to restore calm. After prying Connor and Old Man Drake apart, they lugged them both to the cooler.
As the two disheveled brawlers were led away, Wes, Amy, and Margo tagged along as witnesses. On her way out, Margo cried, “Where’s Roxy?”
“Gone!” Connor shot back, as he turned and scanned the room. “Are you happy now?” he fumed at both Drakes. “This is your fault. You drove your own daughter away on her wedding day!”
Suppressing a bitter retort, Margo glared at Connor and then begged the security guards to wait while she ran to Roxy’s room to check on her. But they refused her request. Their top priorities, they explained, were to get everyone cooled down, determine who needed first aid, and assess the damages in the suite. Also, as someone pointed out, Roxy was over 21 and had a right to go wherever she wanted.
So where had she gone?
With the fistfight still in progress, she had run back to her room and grabbed a denim jacket to throw over her strapless wedding gown. Then, gripping her purse, the slender blonde had charged down the hall and onto an elevator that deposited her in the middle of Caesar’s posh Forum Shops.
Heads turned as the runaway bride dashed madly past Valentino, Dior, and Chanel, to a set of spiraling escalators that whisked her to the lobby. After a pit-stop at an ATM to withdraw $500 to bulk up the handful of Ben Franklins already in her wallet, Roxy ran outside and found herself smack dab in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. Surrounding her on all sides were strolling minstrels, Elvis clones, showgirls in feathers and sequins, panhandlers, and an army of shoppers and tourists.
Somehow she made her way across the traffic-choked, six-lane boulevard that chilly January morning. At the Link arcade, she shoved $25 in an automatic ticket machine and bought a pass for unlimited rides on a giant observation wheel called the High Roller.
Around and around she rode for hours in a glass pod, each time with a fresh load of 26 tourists. It was no problem because the host of this pod was a hunky, part-time 30-year-old comedian named Jake Dorito. The two ultimately struck up a conversation and became friendly. When she got off the High Roller, Jake handed Roxy his card and told her to call him if she needed help. One look in her lost, dazed, pained eyes told him she might just take him up on it.
The next day, after a harrowing, sleepless night on the cold, dirty overpass connecting New York New York to Excalibur, Roxy found a pay phone and dialed Jake’s cell. An hour later, they were sipping coffee and scarfing down muffins at a Starbucks in MGM Grand.
With tears in her eyes, Roxy admitted that she had run out on her wedding. But she wouldn’t reveal the reason. Jake felt sorry for her, and invited her to stay at his house in the suburb of Summerlin. He said his parents and younger sister were out of town, so there was plenty of room. Roxy was wary, but she decided to take a chance. She couldn’t handle another night like the last one.
Jake drove the runaway bride, clad in her now torn, dirty, scuffed-up wedding gown and denim jacket, out to his rambling, red-brick split-level. Somewhere along the way, he nicknamed her Daisy. The surname Carter got added later, and it stuck. Roxy Drake became Daisy Carter.
As Jake and Daisy motored out to Summerlin that sunny Sunday afternoon, Connor, Roxy’s parents, and her bridal party were all back on the Strip pounding the pavement, desperately searching for her. They checked coffee shops, casinos, shopping malls, food courts, and even the CanyonRanch Spa, where Roxy had relaxed the day before the wedding. But nothing turned up.
Connor and the Drakes, who were still not speaking to each other, remained in Vegas another 10 days, looking for Roxy and hoping she would come back from wherever she had gone. But she did not, and so, reluctantly, they all flew back to Chicago. By then, Vegas Metro was involved with the search. Back in Chicago, Connor and the Drakes checked in with the cops daily. But there was no news. The runaway bride had vanished into thin air.

* * * * Chapter 3 * * * *
A few weeks after Daisy had settled into the cute, one-bedroom apartment above Jake’s garage, she bought a fake ID through a friend of his. Bored and In need of money to pay rent and expenses, she wanted to find a job. Within days, she landed a menial position managing the Puppy-In-A-Bucket booth in a game arcade at Circus Circus. It was a disaster, with flying rubber puppies, screaming kids, obnoxious parents, and endless sticky mallets to wipe down.
Daisy tried hard to hold onto her job, but the endless hardships and humiliations finally got to her. One day, after getting bashed in the head four times with flying rubber pups, she went bonkers and stormed out, quitting her job on the spot.
It was early summer 2017, and Vegas was buzzing with tourists and jobs. Daisy soon found temp work again right on the Strip, driving a truck that delivered strippers to hotels and clubs up and down the boulevard. She had wangled the gig through a friend of Jake’s. A radical departure, yes, but there was an opening, and she needed something right away.
Dressed in jeans, a tee shirt, and a plaid flannel shirt provided by Jake’s mom, Daisy began her shift at 8 PM and worked straight through till four the next morning. Her pay, $25 an hour, was almost twice what she’d gotten in the game arcade. But the truck was big and bulky and, with heavy traffic and aggressive Vegas drivers, it was nerve-wracking work.
And then, a few weeks in, the unthinkable happened. Daisy’s truck, loaded with 20 voluptuous, hot-pants-clad babes, was stopped at a red light at a busy Strip intersection. Suddenly, a rough-hewn character enshrouded in black, with a baseball cap and dark glasses, streaked up. Jerking open the door on the driver’s side, he leapt in and shoved Daisy into the passenger seat. Waving a small, silver handgun, he shouted that he was hijacking the entire truckload of strippers!
Gaping at him in terror, Daisy screamed and threw her hands up. With the truck careening wildly down the Strip, she cowered against the passenger-side door. Her mind was racing with a host of worries. First and foremost: what the hell was he planning to do with her and the girls in back?
She didn’t wait to find out. A block later, while stopped at another red light, she grabbed her purse, pushed open the door, and dove out into traffic, right across the street from Caesar’s. Lurching onto a sidewalk teeming with pedestrians, she ran for her life, weaving through throngs of startled tourists, homeless pitchmen, and Elvis wannabes.
Darting into Bally’s, she hopped an escalator to the lower level. Out of breath and with her legs growing weaker, she sprinted past burger bars, gift shops, and yogurt stations. Pushing aside a grungy thug who came at her for money, she made it down an endless corridor to the Monorail station. Her frantic fingers ripped into her wallet for a one-way fare to the end of the line, the Westgate Hotel.
On the train, a shell-shocked Daisy sat bolt upright, staring ahead. Her heart was racing, her hands shaking. When she made it to the Westgate, she immediately called Jake and burst into tears while describing what had happened.
Minutes later, he hopped in his blue Ford Focus and barreled in from Summerlin to meet her. When they spotted each other across a crowded food court at Harrah’s, Jake ran to Daisy, took her in his arms, and wouldn’t let go. She was in tears, and shaking like a leaf. This strange whirlwind of a life on the run was beginning to overwhelm her. At times like this, she felt totally lost, like she couldn’t go on any longer, and was ready to turn herself in.
After calming Daisy down and consoling her, Jake drove her back to Summerlin.
That night, over a spaghetti dinner in the Doritos’ cheery green and yellow kitchen, he and Daisy hashed over other possible jobs that would keep her incognito.
Daisy mentioned that her good friend, Crystal Hicks, who had also worked at the Circus Circus game arcade, had recently snagged a waitressing gig at a restaurant in Excalibur. She seemed to love the work, and had mentioned to Daisy that there were openings.
The eatery, called Planet Binge, was a tacky beer ‘n’ burger joint posing as a mainstream eatery, where customers wore colorful hats with crude come-ons scrawled on them. Pitchers of craft beer were guzzled while patrons chowed down on junk-in-your-trunk burgers; shake-shake-shake-your-booty milkshakes, and jailhouse-rock cheese-fries.
It was a raunchy party scene where waiters were abusive and insulting, and patrons responded by letting down their hair and acting as crudely as possible. There was a reason Planet Binge proudly called itself, “The Lost Weekend on Steroids.” It was an affront to American traditions, food, and manners. But it was also an in-your-face, raucous hole-in-a-casino that drew hordes of locals and tourists alike. Daisy visited a few times, and liked what she saw. With all the chaos and craziness going on, she felt strongly that no one would pay much attention to her.
A week after the stripper truck incident, she filled out an application for waitress, but the only job open at that point was bartender. Though she had no experience, she decided to go for it. After casual interviews with Moe, in so-called Human Resources, and Dottie, Planet’s personnel manager, she was hired.
At her new job, cute, blond 5’6” Daisy wore a pink mini-dress with a black-and-white, polka-dot apron, and black fishnet stockings. Encircling her thigh was a glittery gold garter. Completing the look were four-inch patent-leather black heels with gold hearts on the back.
Planet Binge also hawked lewd panties, bumper stickers, and all kinds of tasteless souvenirs like miniature toilets and bubble-blowing assholes. In this tacky sleaze-pit, the cruder the better.
Crystal and Daisy were thrilled to be working together again. Crystal, a pretty Kansas City native, was a glamorous, shapely, 5’6” stunner with flowing red locks, blue eyes, and pale skin. Despite her striking appearance, the aspiring showgirl was having a hard time getting a job in a mainline Sin City show because she was well under the six-foot height requirement, and had zero experience on stage.
Crystal had staked a claim on Vegas in 2015 when she was just 20 and fleeing a bad situation back home. It wasn’t her fault. Her long-time boyfriend had dumped her for her best friend. Losing both of them at the same time was crushing, and there was nowhere to hide. Everyone in town knew the score. When she found out the couple were headed for the altar, it was too much. After quitting her waitressing job at IHOP, she crammed all her stuff into her battered old Toyota, and set out for Vegas in the middle of a raging snowstorm.
When she finally made it to Sin City on a calm Monday morning, the temperature was a balmy 75 degrees. It was love at first sight for the vivacious redhead. She was cash-poor and without a job or friends, but when she felt that warm desert sun on her face, she knew she was home.
Crystal took the first job she could find, which happened to be running the racing clowns booth at the Circus Circus game arcade. The pay was meager, but Daisy ran the Puppy-In-A-Bucket booth next door, and the 2-to-9 shift was perfect for going on auditions.
Crystal and Daisy grew even closer at Planet Binge, where life was anything but boring. Showbiz, it wasn’t, but they did get to interact with customers in colorful ways and pull off a bit of comedy. The more outrageous, the better. Crystal even managed to toss in a song or two when the occasion called for it.
Crystal usually waitressed, while Daisy tended bar. It was exciting to learn how to mix drinks, especially exotic ones like Sponge-Bob Cakes, Cock-a-doodle-doo Cocktails, and Drama-Queen Daiquiris. The only downside for Daisy was that a lot of guys hit on her. As someone who had never worked with the public, it was something she couldn’t quite get used to.
But there were times when she enjoyed the attention. Every once in a while, a cute guy would sidle up, and Daisy would be mildly interested. But after the devastation of Connor, her heart wasn’t in it. She didn’t know if she would ever see her former fiance again, but she still missed him and thought about him all the time.
Meanwhile, back in Chicago, Connor and Roxy’s parents were still mystified and traumatized by her disappearance. Since the brawl at Caesar’s, the three hadn’t spoken. Despite their differences, the three had something important in common: they all loved Roxy, and every day they all checked in with the Missing Persons’ Division of Vegas Metro.
Unfortunately, no credible leads or substantive information on Roxy Drake’s disappearance had turned up. The runaway bride had officially become a missing person, and every day the trail grew colder.

* * * * Chapter 4 * * * *
Everything at work and home was rolling right along for Daisy and Crystal. But then, In January 2018, one year after Daisy came to Vegas for her wedding, and a few months after she started at Planet Binge, the earth moved with a violent lurch for both girls.
It was late on a Friday night. Daisy and Crystal had left Planet for their dinner break. In the crowded Excalibur food court, they chowed down on piping-hot Pad-Thai bowls and hashed over that day’s weirdness. After stopping at Yo-Yo-Fro for frozen yogurt, the two stuffed-to-the-max babes headed back to Planet to put in three more hours.
Running a bit late, they hustled through the sprawling, crowded lobby. Near the registration desk, they paused for a moment so Crystal could check her phone. Suddenly, as the pair stood outside the gift shop, a trio of young toughs wearing grotesque, rubber horsehead masks surprised them from behind. Grabbing the girls roughly, they began dragging them towards the exit doors while shoving small handgun barrels in their ribs.
It was a shattering moment. Daisy and Crystal both tried to scream, but it was hard to make any sound while being gripped so tightly around the neck. They had no idea what was happening, but minutes earlier there had been a robbery at the Lobby Bar, and this raunchy trio were now making their getaway. Excalibur security guards were in hot pursuit so the bandits decided, on a desperate whim, to snatch two female hostages to ease their path to a getaway car.
It was just past midnight and throngs of Excalibur guests were still lingering in the noisy lobby, many of them checking in or out. Amidst the confusion, Daisy and Crystal were suddenly being dragged, largely unnoticed, across the tile floor. Each girl had been taken by a single, masked gunman, while the third bandit, toting a large, white sack of cash, ran ahead, clearing the path to the heavy, glass doors.
Once they were outside, the thugs shoved Daisy and Crystal inside a blue van waiting at the top of Excalibur’s long, winding driveway. One of the trio leapt in back with the terrified girls; the other two jumped in front. Then, with security men in hot pursuit, the van started up and sped down the driveway towards the south end of the Strip.
Daisy was crying, trembling, and whimpering incoherently. Her jaw was shaking so badly she couldn’t speak. Crystal was terrified too, but she was able to talk.
“Please, please, let us go,” she begged. “Just let us out somewhere on the Strip. We won’t say a word, I swear!”
“Shut up, bitch, or things will get a lot rougher for you and Blondie,” the kidnapper in back snarled. Then he ripped in half a dirty rag and blindfolded both girls, who were lying face down in their pink Planet Binge uniforms and polka-dot aprons. Leering at the garters encircling their taut, young thighs, the back seat guy balled up more filthy cloth and shoved it in both girls’ mouths. He then ripped off their black high heels, tossed them aside, and bound their hands and feet with rough rope.
Orders were barked back and forth from the front seat toughs to the back seat guy as the van sped furiously through the night. Daisy and Crystal were harshly jolted each time the boxy blue vehicle hit a bump or sped up after slowing for a light.
Once they were off the Strip, the robbers removed their rubber horseheads so they could breathe and talk easier. Cramped on the van floor, with the three maniacs yelling back and forth, the girls had never been so terrified in their lives. They had no idea where these evil devils were taking them. Would they be killed? Would they be sold into sex slavery? Would they be raped and tortured? Every horrible possibility raced through their minds.
It was now well past midnight. Crystal and Daisy’s purses had been ripped away by the front-seat guys, who took every dollar in their wallets and switched their cell phones off. The girls had no sense of time or place. Blindfolded, hog-tied, and squished side by side on the van floor, the world now seemed a tiny, black hole.
The drive was endless: lumpy, bumpy, and full of twists and turns as the old van tore through the outback. Then the turf shifted abruptly when they hit a larger roadway with more traffic and a smoother surface. Where were they heading? How much time had passed? Daisy and Crystal knew nothing. They couldn’t see, speak, or move, but at least they were still together.
About an hour after the girls were taken, the van pulled onto a bumpy road and down a long, gravel driveway before coming to a stop. They could make out the loud, harsh chatter of cicadas, and the softer chirping of crickets and birds. They seemed to be well out in the country, apart from everything and everyone. What now?
The front seat crew jumped out and hauled the sack of money into a building that sounded like a house from the thump of the heavy door. Then they returned to the van to get the girls, who were dragged out and forced to stand on the sharp gravel in their fishnet stockings while their legs were being untied.
Shaking with fear as well as the early-morning chill, they were hustled into a hulking frame structure with a large, swinging door. The smell of hay and the pungent odor of fresh manure wafted in the air. They seemed to be inside a barn. Both girls were pushed roughly into a stall where their blindfolds were ripped off and their hands untied.
The air was redolent with the smell of fresh manure. In the dim half-light, they could see a few horses in stalls, some cows in a spacious pen, and a handful of goats next to them. Stunned by suddenly confronting this pastoral setting, neither girl had a clue where they were.
With gags still in place, Daisy and Crystal were led to a squalid stall where they were thrown onto foul-smelling mounds of hay. Out here in the middle of nowhere, they cried in fear for their lives. As they lay face down on the prickly matting, they could hear nothing but the soft whinnying of horses, the quiet bleating of goats, and the rough snorting of pigs. Then they heard the kidnappers abruptly exit the barn and defiantly close and lock the heavy wooden door behind them.
Alone at last, Daisy and Crystal huddled on a stinky mound of hay in the small stall. Pulling the dirty, balled-up rags from their mouths, they rubbed their sore jaws and aching arms and ankles, now free of the thick binds.
“Where are we?” Crystal asked, pulling herself up and looking around. “Who are these horrible people and what are they going to do with us? If only we had been five minutes earlier or later, this never would have happened. My head is about to burst from that blindfold.”
Holding her head with both hands and shaking it, Daisy started to cry.
“I want to go home,” she whimpered. “I want my mother. If I had known this was going to happen, I never would have run away from my wedding. Where are we? What’s going to happen to us?” she wailed between moans, gasps, and sighs.
Crystal grabbed her friend, pulled her close, and held her tight.
“Hush, hush, sweet Daisy,” she cooed. “It’s still the middle of the night. We’re locked in here, but there are windows. Maybe we can get out.”
Jumping up, both girls ran to one. But the outside frame was fortified with heavy iron bars, like a medieval fortress. Daisy cried, “We’re locked in, with no way out! Dottie (the supervisor at Planet) must know by now there was a robbery and we were taken. I’m sure the cops are looking for us. We’ll probably be out of here in a few hours.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Let’s hope that happens,” Crystal nodded weakly, looking down.
They both glanced around at the animals, who were staring back at them. Then they lay down again in the stall and held each other tight while trying to grab some sleep. But it was hopeless. Both of them were wide awake and in a state of shock, transfixed by fear and confusion. At least they could talk and see things and their hands and feet were free, so they could snuggle for warmth.
But there was precious little of that on this January night. With temperatures hovering in the low-to-mid-30s, both girls were shaking uncontrollably in their short dresses. They thought of cozying up to a warm horse or cow, but they didn’t want to stand all night, so they just lay there locked together in a fitful embrace on a mound of hay. Their only cover was a mess of dirty, rough horse blankets they found in one of the stalls.
They had no idea what time it was. Their purses, watches, IDs, and keys were all in the hands of the robbers, which upset them and fueled their anxiety. They had been stripped of their identities.
Sleep was impossible under the scratchy, smelly horse blankets. But they were better than nothing. Engulfing the girls on all sides were strange, eerie sounds: a constant chorus of bleats, snorts, whinnies, and clucks from the barn’s various inhabitants.

* * * * Chapter 5 * * * *
Finally, a few hours later, at what must have been the crack of dawn, a rooster crowed loudly. Daisy and Crystal both sat bolt upright, rubbing their red, swollen eyes after a blurry siege of semi-sleep. A few minutes later they heard someone unlock the barn door and strut inside.
Daisy and Crystal’s heads swerved towards a hulking, gray-haired woman who marched to the center of the barn and glared at them. She said nothing, but continued humming oddly. She looked at least 50, with long, greasy gray hair, big blue eyes that bulged slightly, and saggy, wrinkled, pinkish skin. The big, rough-hewn farm woman was dressed in blue-denim overalls, a plaid flannel shirt, and a dirty blue sweatshirt. She was a good five-foot-eight, with the brawny shoulders of a Green Bay Packers’ linebacker.
“Looks like you girls made it through the night,” she announced to Daisy and Crystal in a folksy, tinny voice. “You must be tired and your bellies rumbling. I’ll let you in the house in a few minutes to use the latrine and get some grub. You need to fortify yourselves for chores.”
Then she added, with the trace of a grin, ”You girls are going to be busy little bees. As of now, your manicures are road kill!!”
“Um, where are we?” Daisy asked softly, squinting a little and tilting her head. “And who are you?”
“Curiosity killed the cat,” the woman chortled, as she grasped both girls by their arms. Out of the dim, dreary barn, she led them briskly toward the back door of a small wooden farmhouse that had once been white.
On the way, Daisy looked around, trying to make out where they were. It was hopeless. Other than the house and barn, there were no other buildings. Just an endless panorama of desert prairie, with splotches of cactus and scattered, fenced enclosures, all of it framed in the distance by bland, cocoa-colored mountains.
Clearly, they were well outside of Vegas in the middle of nowhere, with no other living soul for miles. In this vast expanse of isolated terrain, the chances for any kind of rescue or escape seemed nil.
Daisy’s heart sank. She and Crystal glanced at each other furtively as they were led through the back door of the farmhouse into a brightly lit kitchen reeking of hot grease and stale coffee. And there, bold as brass around a grimy wooden table sat their three presumed kidnappers.
What a pitiful sight! The three scummy souls that had ravaged their lives were hunkered down over heaping plates of eggs and Spam heavily doused with Tobasco and ketchup. In unison, they all looked up and stared menacingly at Daisy and Crystal as they entered the room hesitantly and joined them reluctantly at the table.
“Um, who are you, and where are we?” Crystal asked, glancing nervously around the cluttered kitchen.
“You’re on the edge of Pahrump, doll-face,” the big woman announced in a sing-song voice. “This here’s Nye County. They call me Wanda,” she went on, ”and these are my sister’s boys, Chad, Curtis, and Corey Fleck. Don’t ask who’s older. No one knows, they’re all triplets,” she proudly crowed, nodding in the direction of the robbers, ”The pride of Pahrump, you might call ‘em.”
The 20-something trio of, pale, scrawny, raunchy “boys,” would hardly pass as wholesome town cheerleaders—unshaven, bleary-eyed, and clad as they were in grungy tees and ripped jeans. They weren’t identical, but they looked pretty much alike, with long, stringy brown hair, pale, pimply skin, prominent noses, and bulging blue eyes like their aunt’s.
“They’re basically good boys. Their ma ‘n’ pa, left them to me, along with this farm, when they crashed their tractor and died in an alfalfa field just down the road,” she explained.
Then, nodding in their direction as she spooned another batch of runny eggs and greasy, charred Spam onto plastic plates, she added, “But they’re not too keen on plowing fields or tending critters. In the summer, we get farmhands to take care of the fields, but no one wants to feed the pigs and horses and shovel the poop. That’s where you two come in.”
Alarmed by what they were hearing, Daisy and Crystal’s heads swiveled towards each other.
“It’s God’s will, so let it be,” Wanda rambled on. “You’ll bunk in the barn with the horses and cows. It’s better than sleeping in the fields. At least you have a roof over your heads. Now eat up so we can mosey on back to the barn for basic training.”
Unfortunately, Daisy and Crystal were both hungry. They hadn’t eaten for hours, but the greasy eggs and Spam with burnt toast and lard were less than appetizing. Even the hot sauce bottles were so caked with grime they could barely pour. Nonetheless, they grimaced and stuffed the crude victuals down.
Before the boys left the table, Crystal turned to them and pleaded, “Can’t you let us go? Just take us down the road and dump us. We’ll walk to a town, any town, and we won’t say a word about what happened.”
One of the brothers, Chad, growled, “We can’t let you go, bitch. You seen too much. You know what we look like and what went down last night. You know we live out here. You even know what we eat for breakfast. That’s way too much.”
“But we won’t say a word to anyone, I swear,” Crystal pleaded. “You don’t understand, her parents are rich,” she went on, pointing at Daisy, who cringed at the words. “They would give you any amount of money to let her go, and me, too.”
For an instant, the thought of a cash pay-out brought the grimy trio up short. The boys’ heads bobbed towards each other. But then the idea got shot down.
“The money won’t do us any good in lock-up, Red,” one of the ruffians said. “We can’t trust either one of you hos. You’ll run straight to the cops, or her folks will, and they’ll throw our asses in the slammer and bury the key. Can’t take that chance.”
Then the meanest-looking of the trio, a lanky, bearded roustabout named Curtis, spoke up in a dry, staccato monotone that commanded attention and suggested he meant business.
“The tables are being turned,” he scowled, “and you two hos are going to jail right here on the farm. You first-time bitches are getting hard labor and a life sentence with no chance of parole.”
Crystal and Daisy were devastated. Both of them dropped their heads dejectedly as if they’d just been condemned to death. Then brother Chad snarled, “Shut the fuck up, Curtis. Quit runnin’ your mouth like some dumb bitch in line at the Dairy Queen. Let’s go, dudes, it’s coat time.”
After shoveling in final mouthfuls of eggs and Spam, the raunchy trio got up, hustled into the living room, threw on dirty nylon jackets, and charged out the front door. Crystal and Daisy heard the van start up and roar down the dirt and gravel driveway. Who knew where they were going? To knock off a bank or 7-Eleven, or hawk a batch of cheap coke, maybe?
After the triplets cleared out, Crystal and Daisy remained at the table, still in shock from the ghastly verbal exchange. As they picked at their eggs warily, they snuck in glances around the house. Both were alarmed that no phones were in sight, nor were their purses.
When Daisy was finally granted entry to the bathroom, she stood on her tippy-toes and peered out a window that was secured with prison-like iron bars. A dreary tableau of alfalfa fields, rugged desert, and barren mountains met her eye. They were surrounded by natural barriers, and obviously in the middle of nowhere, a hell’s half-acre of complete isolation. If they escaped, where could they possibly run to?

* * * * Chapter 6 * * * *
All through that daunting winter of 2018, Connor and the Drakes checked in daily with Vegas Metro for news on missing person, Roxy Drake. Unfortunately, there was none. It had been over a year since she had disappeared from Caesar’s right before her wedding. Everyone was still confounded and devastated, but they tried to keep going as best they could.
Meanwhile, Daisy and Crystal remained embedded on the dreary, forlorn Fleck Farm. Day in, day out, the two worked their fingers to the bone, shoveling horse shit, and feeding, watering, and grooming the cows, goats, chickens, and pigs.
Thoughts of escape were never far from their minds. But, truthfully, they were in the middle of nowhere and didn’t have a clue as to where they would go. And Wanda watched them like a hawk, with help from her vicious guard-dog, Brutus, who patrolled the barn doors, day and night.
It was tough, tough, tough.
February and March were slightly warmer, so that helped. But the relentless, seven-day-a-week grind continued. The latest crisis in the barn concerned the three horses, who were all losing weight and having trouble sleeping.
“Must be their teeth,” Wanda concluded one morning over breakfast. “Nacho’s 15, Guac, 14, Trace, 10. Dental problems creep up big-time around that age. My ma ‘n’ pa had a couple horses like that, and they ended up dead carcasses. Quit eating and starved themselves to death. Time to get Dr. Beaudine out here.”
Dr. Pearl Beaudine, Daisy and Crystal later learned, was a local veterinarian who specialized in equine dentistry.
“She made a barn call a few years back, when my sister and her n’er do well hubby were runnin’ things around here,” the farm-honcho hag recalled while spreading a thick layer of lard on stale, burnt white toast. “We need to get her back for a curtain call, or we’re gonna end up with three more carcasses.”
In early March, Wanda ordered Crystal and Daisy to clean Nacho, Guac, and Trace’s teeth, a nasty chore that both girls dreaded, especially now when the horses’ mouths were likely more sensitive. It really was a difficult, disgusting job, but there was no way out. Dr. Beaudine’s visit was approaching, and Wanda felt strongly that they had to make the animals halfway presentable.
To make the cleaning process more bearable, Daisy and Crystal had devised a system. Daisy would hold each horse’s head still while Crystal pried open their lips and brushed their big, brownish-stained teeth with a baking-soda-water concoction that Wanda whipped up.
This might have worked fine, except horses are strong, stubborn creatures, and they don’t like anyone messing with their teeth. Nacho, Guac, and Trace all ended up kicking Daisy, who staggered away from their stalls with big, red welts on her legs.
“Will that horse dentist ever get here?” she groaned to Crystal that night, shaking her head and rubbing her legs.
Finally, there was an announcement from Wanda one morning.
“Dr. Beaudine’s comin’ out this week. I hope she doesn’t collapse from the bad breath and foul odors in those horses’ mouths. Like a dead rat’s anus, my ‘pa used to say. I wonder if they make a Listerine for horses?”
Before the vet’s visit, the girls did as they were told and cleaned the horses’ teeth again. It wasn’t easy being an equine dental hygienist, but they were getting the hang of it, and the horses were becoming calmer.
The thought of Dr. Beaudine coming to the farm in her special Vet Van that was the size of an ice cream truck, and loaded with equipment and instruments, thrilled Daisy and Crystal. In the three months they’d been held captive on the farm, there had never been a visitor, except the occasional drug runner speeding onto the property for an opioid pick-up or meth delivery, and then zooming away.
The vet’s pending visit was a big deal. Daisy and Crystal would, of course, have no contact with her. While the doctor and her male assistant, Royce Parnell, worked in the barn, they would be locked in a hideous little broom closet just off the kitchen. This tiny, dark space was about 10 feet by 10, and overflowed with dirty, smelly brooms, mops, and rags.
After the vet had come and gone, the girls overheard Wanda telling her three nephews she would need $5,000 to cover the horses’ dental bills. Dr. Beaudine had taken x-rays of all three mouths (muzzles) and found problems galore. Nacho had a cracked tooth that was infected. A root canal was not an option—it needed to be pulled. High-strung Guac had been chewing on his wooden stall out of frustration and tension and had splinters embedded in his gums. Those needed to be surgically removed. And Trace had a serious cavity on a back molar. Dr. Beaudine said she would need to pull that one, too.
After Wanda gave her nephews the lowdown on the horses, she unlocked the broom closet door and let Daisy and Crystal out to do prep-work for dinner. When they were finished, she led them back to the barn and locked them in for more chores. But that was alright. While shoveling and milking, Daisy and Crystal got a fresh burst of inspiration for a daring escape plan. And this one had a good chance of working because they knew that Dr. Beaudine and her assistant would be coming back for two more visits.
The following week, the two did indeed return. Luckily for the girls, it was a Saturday afternoon and Wanda had just done the weekly laundry. Drying on the backyard clothesline were Crystal’s red lace bra and panties, along with Daisy’s pink ones. When the vet spotted the frilly intimates flapping in the March breeze, she wondered who owned them. It seemed odd. They obviously weren’t big, bombastic Wanda’s. Could her triplet-nephews be dating? That didn’t seem likely either.
After Dr. Beaudine and Royce tranquilized Nacho, Guac, and Trace, she performed the necessary dental procedures. It was laborious, painstaking work that consumed a few hours. Afterwards, as they were walking to the van, the good doctor asked Wanda if her nephews were seeing any local young ladies.
“No,” she responded bluntly, “those boys don’t like decent girls. They’ve been corrupted by whores in Sin City cathouses. They don’t want good girls and they would never bring their tramps around here.”
Dr. Beaudine nodded vaguely, and then they talked about the bill for that day’s services, which would be mailed the following week.
As she drove away from the farm, the vet couldn’t help wondering about the lacy bras and panties she’d seen drying on the line. But then she forgot all about it as she took a call from her husband about that night’s family dinner plans.

* * * * Chapter 7 * * * *
Crystal and Daisy had been locked in the broom closet for Dr. Beaudine’s first and second visits. They knew she would return once more in late April, and this would be their big chance. They needed to get ahold of some paper and a pen and write a rescue note, which they would hide in Nacho’s stall. Then they would pray that the doctor would find it while Wanda was absent from the barn.
Yes, it was risky. If Wanda found the note they would be punished severely. But they had to take that chance and go for it.
The vet’s third visit was again on a Saturday. Crystal and Daisy had filched a greasy Bic pen from the window sill while Wanda was busy stirring a pot of chili on the stove. Back in the barn, they ripped a blank sheet of paper from the front of their weathered Gideon Bible. With cold, trembling fingers, Crystal penned a simple but desperate note.
“Please help us. We’re being held on the Fleck Farm. Crystal Hicks, Daisy Carter.”
Just three terse sentences scrawled on a small piece of paper. They folded the note and, on the morning of the vet’s visit, managed to stash it under Nacho’s Indian saddle blanket before Wanda locked them back in the darkened broom closet. They were both praying Dr. Beaudine would find the note.
The vet removed stitches that day. Her visit lasted two-plus hours. After she left, Daisy and Crystal were taken back to the barn. The minute they were inside, they ran to Nacho’s stall and peeked under his blanket. The note was gone! That must have meant the vet had seen it and taken it with her. The girls were ecstatic, jumping for joy! Dreams of imminent rescue were swirling in their heads.
It was true. Their long shot had paid off. Dr. Beaudine had found the note and instantly thought back to the bras and panties on the clothesline. Putting two and two together, she got 10. Of course, she didn’t confront Wanda right then and there. Instead, the 40-something mother of two sped home and ran to her laptop. There she Googled Crystal Hicks and Daisy Carter and discovered they had been taken hostage by three armed gunmen in a robbery at the Excalibur back in January.
Dr. Beaudine’s heart raced as she stared at her computer screen. She was excited, but deeply shaken. The Fleck triplets obviously had pulled off the heist and taken the girls. That was her strong hunch. With her hands shaking on the keyboard, she yelled for her husband. After hearing the bizarre story, he picked up the phone and rang up their old friend and neighbor, a 10-year veteran of the Nye County Sheriff’s Department named Logan McCabe.
Thirty minutes later, the buff, brown-haired deputy was perched on the Beaudine’s living-room couch. Holding a cup of coffee, he listened raptly as Pearl unloaded the entire story. Logan’s blue eyes widened as he absorbed the sparse details.
“I’m sure the girls are being held on the Fleck Farm, but I don’t know where,” the vet rambled on nervously. “Please, Logan, you’ve got to do something. Can’t you get a posse together and drive out to the farm and take them all in, the triplets and their crazy aunt, too? You’ve got to rescue those poor girls and get them back to Las Vegas.”
“This is one helluva story,” Logan said, shaking his head when the vet finally quieted down. “I remember hearing about the robbery and kidnapping at Excalibur, but I never thought they would end up here. I need some time to look at the details and do some research. If the facts shake out, we’ll be on this ASAP. The Fleck boys have been in and out of trouble since their folks died. They’re bad news for sure, but never on this level. And the old lady must be in on it, too. Damn!
“You have my word,” the deputy assured her. “Let me take a look, and we’ll move on this right away.”
The Beaudines nodded vigorously as they kept their eyes and ears trained on Logan. He was a good man, just like his cop-father had been. They knew the McCabes well, and felt they could count on him.
“We hope no one gets hurt out there,” the vet remarked, gazing down, “especially those girls. They’re innocent victims in all this. But the Flecks and Wanda Bailey are scum of the earth. They’ve got to go. We don’t need that kind of criminal element in this valley.”

* * * * Chapter 8 * * * *
At 5 AM, Ned’s loud, insistent crowing had roused Daisy and Crystal from a deep sleep. The lethargic girls lolled about for a few minutes, savoring the warmth of their sleeping bags. Then they wriggled out, already dressed in overalls and flannels, grabbed their egg baskets, and headed to the chicken coop.
Minutes later, Wanda charged into the barn to collect the girls and lead them into the house. The triplets had enjoyed a late night at the Stardust Ranch, a polite name for Mabel’s Brothel, and were still in deep slumber.
While Wanda was dishing up the eggs and Spam, a caravan of Nye County Sheriff’s Department squad cars and vans quietly wheeled up the long, gravel driveway and surrounded the house.
With the golden sun creeping over the distant Spring Mountains, a half-dozen cops alighted from their squad cars, made their way to the back door, and began pounding. A few more armed back-ups waited close at hand. Quickly grabbing Daisy and Crystal, Wanda shoved them in the broom closet and locked the door.
In a faux-calm voice, she hollered at whoever was outside, “Just a minute, I’m getting decent.” Her heart was pounding. The day before, she’d had a premonition that something terrible was about to happen. She didn’t want to open the door, but when she finally did, Logan and six other cops pushed her back and stormed into the brightly lit kitchen with guns drawn.
“Where are your nephews?” they demanded.
“Sleeping after a late night. What’s it to you? Don’t bother those boys. They didn’t do nothing wrong.”
“We’ll be the judge of that,” Logan shot back.
While he and his partner, Charlie, stayed in the kitchen with Wanda, five deputies, with guns at the ready, charged into the boys’ corner bedrooms, hollering epithets and shocking the hell out of them.
The Flecks, asleep in dingy, gray long-johns, were groggy and still three sheets to the wind when the cops crashed in and ordered them all to hit the floor. They did as they were told, but as Corey dropped down, he managed to reach under his bed and grab a high-powered Glock-23 semi-automatic pistol.
“Stand back or I’ll blow your heads off,” he yelled, jumping up, and, with both hands, leveling the gun at a clutch of cops. But in a split second, before he could fire, one of the deputies dove at his feet, knocking him down and causing the pistol to fire. The bullet didn’t hit any of the officers, but instead lodged deep in the shoulder of Curtis Fleck, who had been standing nearby. Crying out in pain, he dropped to the floor in a pool of blood.
Chad and Corey lunged towards him, but the officers held them back. Then one of the cops ripped up a sheet and fashioned a bandage that he wound tightly around Curtis’s bloody arm and shoulder.
When Logan’s partner, Charlie, heard the shot, he raced to the front of the house, but then ran back to the kitchen when he realized his help wasn’t needed.
Wanda screamed at him, “Are my nephews alive or dead? Did you tin-badge heathens kill those innocent boys?”
“One of them took a bullet to the shoulder,” Charlie told her. “There’s a lot of blood. He needs to get to the hospital, but he’ll be okay.”
“What do you mean, a lot of blood? Where is he? Let me see him—now!” Wanda bellowed.
“Ma’am, there’s no way you can see him now.”
Wanda went ballistic and demanded to see all three of her nephews. But the deputies held firm and told her there was no way. When they threatened to handcuff her, she finally quieted down.
At the front of the house, two officers carried the groaning Curtis out the front door, loaded him in a squad car, and rushed him to Desert View Hospital.
Chad and Corey Fleck were then lined against a wall and patted down.
“Where were you two on the night of January 4, 2018?” was the first question the officers fired.
“Who knows? That was four months ago!” Chad hollered back.
“Well, let us refresh your memory, smart-ass,” one of the officers barked, “Excalibur Casino on the Strip. The three of you robbed the Lobby Bar and escaped with two female hostages, Crystal Hicks and Daisy Carter. You’ve been holding them on this farm ever since. Where are they?”
At first, the boys played dumb and flatly denied everything. But then more officers were brought into the house to rummage through it, upending cabinets and closets, and ripping up floorboards. Finally, two of them discovered a sack bulging with $25,000 in cash. Concealed under other flooring was a bountiful supply of cocaine, meth, and prescription opioids stashed in Tupperware containers and gallon-size ZipLocs.
As the cops handcuffed Chad and Corey, and perp-walked them outside to squad cars, Logan kept hammering away at the obstinate farm hag in the kitchen.
“Where are Crystal Hicks and Daisy Carter?” he demanded. “Come on, Wanda, out with it. You’re not going to beat this, so you might as well ‘fess up. You’re an accessory, an aider and abettor. Make it easy on yourself and tell us where the girls are—now!”
Suddenly Logan heard pounding and loud cries coming from behind the broom closet door.
“Help! Help! We’re in here—let us out, please!” Daisy and Crystal were yelling as they pounded on the door and kicked it.
Thrusting his open hand at Wanda, Logan looked her in the eye and demanded, “Give me the key.”
Shuffling her feet, the flustered woman shook her head no and glanced around as if she would try to make a run for it.
“There are two vans and four squad cars outside. This place is crawling with armed officers,” Logan warned. “One of your nephews already got shot. Don’t even think about running, Big Wanda. Just hand over that key or we’ll break down the door.”
Gulping and nodding vaguely, Wanda padded over to the kitchen sink and lifted up an old cuckoo clock on the window sill. Logan spotted a silver key there and darted across the room to grab it.
While two officers struggled to cuff the feisty Wanda, who was bucking and braying like a wild bronco and hollering nonsense like, “Nye County Satan’s deputies! You’ll burn in hell for defiling this house,” Logan unlocked the broom closet door and flung it open. Out leapt Daisy and Crystal, laughing, crying, and uttering incoherent sounds of joy, gratitude, and relief.
As Wanda was being dragged out of the house, she turned in fury to the girls and leveled a curse.
“Devil’s handmaidens, you’ll burn in hell for all eternity!” she hissed, like a deranged viper.
Turning away, Daisy and Crystal put their hands over their ears, trying to blot out Wanda’s crazy, ominous words. And then, poof, she was gone. Just like that. Led out to a squad car in her dirty, tattered, floral-print house dress. Led out the same, chipped, splintered back door that Daisy and Crystal had been led into so many times.

* * * * Chapter 9 * * * *
In the musty kitchen, still redolent with the smell of fried eggs and burnt Spam, the girls jumped up and down ecstatically while gripping each other tightly. Again and again, they squealed, “We’re free! We’re free! We’re finally free!”
“Calm down, ladies, calm down, you’re safe now,” Charlie gently chided, as he and Logan led the dazed, shaken girls to the kitchen table.
“Are you both okay?” Logan asked, looking back and forth between the dirty, disheveled, tear-stained Daisy and Crystal as he helped them into their chairs.
“We are now,” Daisy said softly, her voice trembling as she burst into tears.
Logan patted her hand.
“It’s okay, miss,” he said, “go ahead, let it all out.”
With her head in her hands, Daisy sat at the kitchen table sobbing. Logan found a box of Kleenexes and placed it near her. Crystal was more composed, but she was clinging to Daisy and trying to get her to stop crying. Finally, both girls quieted down enough to collect their thoughts.
“How ‘bout some coffee, water, or juice?” Logan asked the girls.
“The coffee’s horrible, but it’s better than nothing. We’ll have some,” Crystal piped up as Logan rifled through a cabinet for clean cups.
Meanwhile, Chad and Corey Fleck, still half-drunk and disheveled, were being driven off the farm in separate squad cars. Their destination: the Nye County Jail, where Wanda was also being taken.
Back at the kitchen table, Logan and Charlie couldn’t avoid the spectacle before them: two dirty, bedraggled, overwrought young females, near exhaustion, with wild, greasy hair laced with hay. Their grimy overalls were baggy; their flannel shirts hung loosely on scrawny limbs, and their crude, oversized boots were scuffed and mud-caked.
With no make-up on their chapped, ruddy faces, and yellow, stained teeth, the girls’ first concern was not their condition or appearance, but their chores. Would they still have to do them that day? Staring at them with curiosity and concern, Logan answered, “No chores today, or ever again, for either one of you. Is that what they’ve had you doing all this time? Farm chores? My God, the Fleck brothers are a disgrace to their parents and this community, and Wanda Bailey has always been six sandwiches short of a picnic. Pahrump will be better off when all four are behind bars.”
Daisy and Crystal both nodded.
“But who will feed and water the horses this morning? Who will milk the cows and goats?” Daisy wondered. “And what about the chickens?” Crystal chimed in.
“Everything will be handled by Nye County Animal Control when they get out here later today. In the meantime, don’t worry about any of that. Your first priority should be taking care of yourselves right now. You’ve both been through quite an ordeal out here.”
After listening to Wanda’s lunacy every day for four months, Daisy and Crystal still felt anxious. But they sensed they could trust the officers, so they calmed down a bit.
“How did you find out about us? Was it Dr. Beaudine?” Crystal asked.
“Yes,” Logan answered. “On one of her visits she saw some of your clothes drying on the line. It didn’t look like anything Wanda would wear. And she found your note under the horse’s blanket. You were both very smart and brave to do something like that. If Wanda had found that note, there’s no telling what she might have done. It could have gotten really ugly.”
Daisy and Crystal sighed with relief as they sipped their coffee. Meanwhile, a crew of officers continued combing through the house, turning everything upside-down and inside-out for evidence.
“We can’t leave this farm without our purses,” Daisy suddenly blurted, looking around. “They took them the first night. Our phones and wallets were inside. Please, can you find them?”
“Sorry, ladies, you’re going to have to wait a while longer to get your things,” Charlie explained, shaking his head. “Everything in this house is technically evidence. This is a crime scene, you know. We shouldn’t even be sitting here drinking this coffee.
“I know you need your purses, but I can’t let you rifle through things,” he went on. “There are firearms in this house and someone could get hurt. Your bags will be found and returned to you in due course. You have my word on that.”
Daisy and Crystal looked at each other, wide-eyed, and nodded vaguely. They were disappointed about the purses, but ecstatic that Wanda and the Fleck boys were on their way to jail.

* * * * Chapter 10 * * * *
At the sheriff’s station, Daisy and Crystal continued to worry about what would happen to the animals on the Fleck Farm. It was explained to them that the house would be sold, and every horse, cow, goat, pig, and chicken auctioned off. The money raised would help pay the upcoming legal expenses for the Flecks and their aunt.
Listening carefully, Daisy and Crystal tried to absorb all the bureaucratic details. They were still concerned, but they were also anxious to get on with their lives: to eat normal food, take long, hot showers, and wear nice, clean clothes and shoes that fit. They also wanted to get their hair and nails done, brush their teeth with an electric toothbrush, sleep in a bed, and have access to a bathroom 24/7. The idea of not having to get up at the crack of dawn to gather eggs also greatly appealed to them.
The ecstatic girls were anxious to put the ugly past behind them, but not each other. While being questioned at the station, Daisy and Crystal insisted on staying together and held each others’ hands.
The interviews were tough for both of them, but more complicated for Daisy. She couldn’t tell Logan, Charlie, or any of the other officers that her real name was Roxy Drake and she was actually a missing person from Evanston, Illinois. If word got out, she feared her parents and Connor would come after her, and she wasn’t ready for that. She wanted no one but Crystal to know her true identity. Otherwise, it would get too messy and draining. She wanted to simply be rescued as Daisy Carter from Summerlin, and leave it at that.
From the station, Daisy and Crystal were driven to Desert View Hospital for medical evaluations. Both had skin rashes from the hay in the barn, but their blood test results were good. Each had lost a good 10 pounds and was suffering from dehydration. Antibiotics were prescribed for their bladder infections, and both girls were told to eat pancakes and muffins, and sleep a lot, so they could regain the weight. Other than that, they were okay.
That night, Logan invited Daisy and Crystal for a home-cooked meal at his mom’s rambling stone house. Set on a private lane on the outskirts of Pahrump, it boasted a lofty, rustic brick fireplace and spacious dining room. Logan’s father, a decorated cop named Cord McCabe, had died in a shoot-out during a convenience-store robbery 10 years before. At the time, Logan was in training to become a cop, so he was deeply affected. One way he coped was by going on to become an outstanding officer, following in his dad’s footsteps.
Logan’s mom, RaeLynn McCabe, was a vivacious, attractive 55-year-old babe with shoulder-length blond hair, cornflower-blue eyes, and lightly tanned skin. She was slender but shapely, and dressed in a low-cut, snug black dress.
When Logan brought the girls into the house, RaeLynn hugged them warmly. Daisy and Crystal were somewhat taken aback by the va-va-voom RaeLynn. They had expected someone more matronly and plain.
“Oh, my God,” she exclaimed, “look at your clothes! Is that what Wanda Bailey made you wear on the farm?”
Gazing at each other in their dirt-stained, baggy overalls and plaid, flannel shirts, Daisy and Crystal nodded and affirmed that, yes, these were the duds they had worn, 24/7, for four months.
RaeLynn then insisted that they both check out the crammed closet in the guest room, and change into anything that would fit them. A thrilled Daisy and Crystal trotted up the stairs and returned, 20 minutes later, decked out in jeans, pretty sweaters, and suede boots that were a bit large, but still comfy.
Dinner was nice, but a bit of an ordeal. With “Delta Dawn,” by Helen Reddy—RaeLynn’s favorite song—playing over and over in the background, the girls dug into tough, overcooked lamb chops; lumpy, cold mashed potatoes, and veggies that were limp and soggy. But Daisy and Crystal devoured every morsel on their plates. Four months of Wanda’s rough grub had so devastated their palates that they couldn’t get enough of RaeLynn’s lousy food. They even asked for seconds.
While Logan served, RaeLynn chattered on about the crazy Flecks and their loony-tunes aunt. Gazing across the table at her, Daisy could see where Logan got his good looks. The six-foot lawman had a medium build; thick, glossy light-brown hair; nicely chiseled features, and blue eyes that exuded kindness and intelligence. Daisy was surprised to learn he had never been married.
Crystal thought he was cute, too, but she had no interest in Logan or Charlie. All she wanted was to get back to the Strip to tote trays of burgers and brews at Planet Binge. She had been on the phone already with her boss, and then her landlord. Her job was secure and waiting, but her apartment, unfortunately, was gone, with all her stuff now crammed in a storage locker out in Henderson.
After dinner, RaeLynn invited Daisy and Crystal to each fill a shopping bag with clothes. Then she handed out travel sizes of cosmetics and toiletries. The girls were thrilled and grateful for the booty.
It had been a long and exhilarating, but tiring, day. Gripping their bulging shopping bags, Daisy and Crystal bid RaeLynn goodnight.
In his black-and-white squad car, Logan drove the girls to a sprawling old Holiday Inn near the Greyhound bus station, where a room had been reserved for them. The Nye County Sheriff’s department was picking up the tab for a large, comfortable suite with two queen-size beds and a nice, clean bathroom with plenty of hot, running water.
That first night the girls collapsed into bed, fully dressed, because they had no pajamas and were accustomed to sleeping that way. It felt strange to be in an honest-to-God bed again.
Crystal dropped off instantly, but Daisy had more trouble. She still felt a certain anxiety, as if the door of the hotel room would be broken down any minute, and she and Crystal would be kidnapped once more and taken hostage.
Early the next morning, an elated Crystal savored a long shower, re-dressed in some of RaeLynn’s hand-me-downs, and kissed her best friend goodbye.
“I’m gonna miss you so much,” Daisy declared with tears in her eyes. “Without you I never would have survived the past four months. We’re BFFs for life.”
“I love you too, sweetie,” a choked-up Crystal responded as they hugged. “When we met at that raunchy puppy booth at Circus Circus, I never thought we’d end up milking goats and cows and shoveling horse shit. But I can’t think of anyone I’d rather do it with now!”
Daisy smiled, sort of.
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” she answered, rolling her eyes. They both laughed and hugged again. Then Crystal grabbed her shopping bag, left the room, and made a beeline for the lobby. There a sheriff’s deputy was waiting to drive her back to Vegas.
Daisy felt lost and out of sorts after Crystal left. She missed her desperately and felt sad and jittery as she took a shower and threw on some of RaeLynn’s cast-offs. It was strange to be alone after almost four months of having Crystal beside her, Siamese-twin-like, 24/7. With a racing heart and sweaty palms, Daisy was experiencing a kind of vague, all-encompassing anxiety. Then the phone rang. It was Logan, thank God, inviting her to breakfast.

* * * * Chapter 11 * * * *
When they met in the lobby an hour later, Logan marveled at how pretty Daisy looked in his mom’s powder-blue V-neck sweater and faded jeans.
They went to breakfast at a popular cop-hangout, a noisy, rambling Applebee’s near the station. Once they were seated in a red vinyl booth, Daisy gazed around, reveling in the scenes of normalcy. There were young mothers holding plump, squirming babies; teenage couples, way more into each other than their pancake stacks, and content oldsters sipping coffee and reading the Pahrump Valley Times. Taking it all in, Daisy suddenly teared up, overcome with gratitude…that she was alive, free, and in one piece.
Head tilted, Logan looked over at her and wondered what she was thinking.
“Don’t mind me,” she said waving her hands. “It’s been a rough few months.”
“You’re entitled to get emotional after all you’ve been through,” Logan said kindly, handing her some napkins.
She nodded and dabbed at her eyes. Then they opened their menus and ordered waffles and sausages from Lucinda, a perky waitress who knew Logan well enough to automatically bring his coffee just the way he liked it, with two sugars and a splash of cream.
While they ate, Daisy prattled on about the horrible food she’d been forced to eat on the Fleck Farm. Logan listened sympathetically, nodded attentively, and let her talk as much as she wanted.
“When I get back to Vegas,” she told him with a smile, “Crystal and I are going to the MGM buffet to eat everything in sight!”
“Sounds like a plan,” Logan said with a chuckle.
As they sipped coffee after breakfast, things turned more serious when Logan brought up the topic of post traumatic stress disorder, (PTSD). He told Daisy he had been trained to help victims of this psychiatric condition that often occurs after someone has been through a traumatic event, such as military combat, a natural disaster, a violent assault, or a kidnapping. He further explained that PTSD causes Intense, disturbing thoughts that are often accompanied by physical symptoms like headaches, shaky hands, and sweaty palms. The attacks can go on for months, or even years.
“From what I’ve seen, I think you have it, and I’d like to help,” Logan explained in a calm, professional tone. “A kidnapping and almost four months of captivity are not small events you can just shake off. Crystal seems okay, but I think you need help. I’d love to work with you, if you’ll let me.”
Taking a deep breath, Daisy gulped uncomfortably.
“Um, I’m not quite sure what PTSD is,” she said softly, setting her coffee cup on the saucer. “But I do feel different now,” she admitted. “I didn’t sleep much last night because I was in a bed again, and that felt strange. And I couldn’t let go of this crazy fear that someone was going to break down the door any minute and kidnap us.
“Then, this morning, after Crystal left, I felt sort of panicky. My hands were sweaty, my heart racing. I guess I could use some help. I just want to feel normal again.”
Sipping his coffee, Logan never took his eyes off Daisy. His heart was melting.
“Okay, Miss Daisy,” he said sweetly, ”Why don’t you stay at the Holiday Inn for a few more weeks? The department will pick up the tab since you’re the victim of a local crime, and in need of therapy. We’ll work together every day on the PTSD.”
Batting her blue-green eyes, Daisy nodded. She felt sad about this strange mental disorder, as if the captivity-nightmare were still going on. But sitting in that cushy red booth, she felt safer and more protected than she had in a long time. It was Logan, of course. He was so attractive, strong, smart, and kind. Daisy liked being with him. He made her feel like everything was going to be alright. He was the only man she wanted to be with right then. Connor was the type who would always put his own needs first, even in a crisis. As for Jake, he was a good friend, but he also seemed kind of juvenile, self-centered, and obsessed with his career.
Logan was different: calmer, more mature, and aware of other peoples’ feelings. What a breath of fresh air. With Crystal gone, it was just the two of them now, and, for the first time in ages, Daisy felt something like joy and contentment as she sipped her coffee in that bustling, sun-drenched Applebee’s.
Afterwards, she climbed into the passenger seat of Logan’s black SUV-police-car, and he drove her to the station, where her purse and cell phone were returned to her. She was ecstatic to be reunited with these precious personal possessions. It was like getting her identity back.
Dashing to a small corner cubicle, she made her first phone call in months, to Jake of course. He was beyond happy to hear her voice again and got all choked up. She recounted how she had been held on a farm in Pahrump for four months.
“Yeah, I know, holy shit!” he gasped. “The story about the robbery was all over the news. I couldn’t believe those robber-punks took you and Crystal as hostages. Like something out of a horror flick. Then you just disappeared off the face of the earth.
“I called the cops two or three times a week and tried to get information, but there wasn’t much. I was worried sick. Mom and Dad freaked out, too. Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yes, I’m sure,” Daisy replied softly. “Crystal and I were taken to a hospital to get checked out. Everything is basically normal.”
“Cool,” Jake said, “I’ve missed you so much. There’s a seat with your name on it in the front row at my show, and at the Laugh Factory, too. When you get back, we’ll go to dinner and you can see both shows. I’d love to get your take on some of the new stuff I’ve written.”
“For sure, that would be great,” Daisy agreed, smiling. Same old Jake.
“So when are you coming back?” he wanted to know.
“Soon,” Daisy answered vaguely because she didn’t really know. “I have to do some more stuff for the cops, help them with the investigation.”
“Well, let me know if you want me to come out there and get you. It’s just under an hour’s drive, and I have some time off later this week.”
“Thanks, I’ll let you know,” Daisy told him. “How’s everything at the apartment?”
“It’s ready and waiting, anytime you want it,” Jake shot back. “You’re my number-one, forever-favorite tenant.”
Daisy chuckled. She was touched that he had missed her. It would be wonderful to see him, his parents, and her apartment, again.
Later, when Logan dropped her at the hotel, Daisy went up to her room, pulled the drapes shut, and crawled into bed. For the next few hours, she lay there, crying her heart out. At this point, her life was an ongoing anxiety attack/identity crisis. She was dealing with PTSD, and she wasn’t quite sure who she was now. Daisy Carter, bartender and sometime waitress at Planet Binge in Las Vegas, or Roxy Drake, daughter of Tom and Margo Drake; Palmer House catering manager, and fiancée of Connor J. Barrington back in Chicago?

* * * * Chapter 12 * * * *
Day in, day out, Logan encouraged Daisy to talk about her months on the farm and let her feelings out. She cried an ocean, but he was always there, handing out Kleenexes and comforting her.
Daisy’s PTSD and months in captivity weren’t the only topics they discussed. One night, over dinner at a rustic steakhouse near the hotel, Daisy took a huge chance and broke the news about her other life as Roxy Drake in Chicago, and her almost-wedding at Caesar’s. Then she blurted out the details of Connor’s dark past. Logan was shocked and alarmed when he heard about the two dead wives. He told Daisy she had done the right thing in not going through with the wedding.
“Any woman marrying a guy with a track record like that could end up in the same boat. Unless you knew, 100%, that he wasn’t involved, you were right to get out of there, fast. If you had hung in and married him, you would have been playing ‘honeymoon roulette.’”
Daisy’s head jerked back. Her eyes widened. It upset her to hear Logan making a definitive statement like that because he wasn’t some scared bride who was one hour from the altar, or an overly-protective parent who’d hired a private detective to dig up dirt on a prospective son-in-law. He was an objective stranger with a solid background in law enforcement who knew how to size up and evaluate people. For the first time, Daisy realized the level of danger she might have been in as Connor’s wife, and she was genuinely relieved that she had bolted.
When Logan found out that Daisy was a missing person from Illinois named Roxy Drake, he should have taken immediate action. He should have stated her true identity in his police reports, and then contacted her parents, as well as Connor, and Metro in Vegas.
But he did none of the above. Why? Because he was falling for Daisy, and couldn’t bear the thought of not having her in his life. She was so sweet and lovely, so intelligent, vulnerable, and lost. From the moment he’d first laid eyes on her, Logan was drawn to Daisy.
Yes, it was true: in some profound, basic way, Logan totally got Daisy. He could understand why she had run from her wedding at Caesar’s. He could understand how she had been kidnapped, and what had happened to her on the Fleck Farm. And he felt terribly sorry for her. In each case, he saw her as a victim. A victim of her meddlesome, overbearing parents; a victim of Connor’s deception and dark past, and now, a victim of the crazy Flecks and their wacko aunt.
Yes, Logan saw Daisy as an innocent victim, and he wanted to keep her from further pain and agony. The first time he saw her on the Fleck Farm, emerging from that tiny, filthy closet like a dirty, wounded animal, he took one look in her beautiful, blue-green eyes and felt she was a sacred, special creature who needed to be cherished and protected. And he was just the man for the job.
Because he had fallen so hard for Daisy, Logan would never reveal her true identity in his police reports, or contact Vegas Metro, her parents, or former fiancé. Instead, he would do everything he could to keep her former life a secret. For the first time in his life, he was willing to ignore the dictates of the law and do what his heart told him instead. As a cop and as a man, Logan felt compelled to protect Daisy from everything, and everyone, that had hurt her.
This was all familiar territory to the lanky, blue-eyed lawman. His mom had been a girl in need of rescue when his father first laid eyes on her during a raid on an illegal brothel in the early 1980s. After the legal mess surrounding the bust-up of Lorelei’s Cathouse, and its 30 working girls, was cleared up, Cord McCabe and RaeLynn Dingle officially became a couple. They eventually married and became the proud parents of two sons.
Thirty years later, one of them found himself in a similar situation. Yes, in many ways, Logan was Daisy’s Cord. But Daisy was not a young girl abandoned by her parents, like RaeLynn had been. Just a displaced woman who’d been through some tough times. Logan wanted to rescue her and make her life perfect, like his father had done for RaeLynn. And, like RaeLynn, Daisy was flourishing in the warmth of Logan’s constant kindness and attention. She soon had special feelings for him, too.
And why not? With Logan, it was all about her, her, her. No man had ever put her first like that. With Logan, Daisy felt safe and secure, but not manipulated or suffocated. It was a feeling of being totally cherished and loved.
Daisy let herself feel Logan’s love, and she soon found herself returning it. She couldn’t help it. He was a good man, and after all she had been through, she needed one. Not only did Logan see Daisy every day for breakfast and dinner, but he was spending the nights in her room at the Holiday Inn as well. It wasn’t sex. She was just so traumatized and experiencing such terrible PTSD that she couldn’t sleep alone. With Crystal back in Vegas, that left Logan.
Every night he would take her to dinner and then they would return to her room, where she would get into bed, fully clothed, and he, also clothed, would join her. They would snuggle for a while and watch TV until Daisy fell asleep in his arms. Logan would then drift off himself. Early the next morning, he would drive home, take a shower, and suit up for work.
RaeLynn had a good idea what her son was up to, and she did nothing to stop him. She had never liked any of the girls he’d dated, but she was totally on board with this relationship. She was crazy about Daisy and loved hanging out with her, too. Because of her own troubled past, RaeLynn took a special interest in the traumatized young woman.
The two soon found themselves indulging in all sorts of girly-girl activities. There were long, chatty lunches of chicken salad sandwiches and iced tea at the town diner, regular visits to Pahrump’s premier hair and nail salons, and relaxing walks around Lake Spring Mountain.
RaeLynn was all sugar and spice, but she also had her share of secrets. A major one was discovered by Daisy while she was having a manicure at a nail salon near the hotel.
She wasn’t really the manicure type, but her hands had taken such a beating on the Fleck Farm that she’d started having weekly sessions at Nailed It. On her third visit, Daisy was seated across from chunky, chestnut-haired nail tech, Cheyenne Dugan, when she noticed a thin, 40-something blonde, very attractive but a bit sullen, entering the salon.
“Who’s she?” Daisy asked, nodding in her direction.
“Oh,” Cheyenne whispered, “that’s Clarice Davillo, the sheriff’s wife. She comes in every Thursday for a mani-pedi.”
“She looks kind of grim,” Daisy commented.
“Well, she is,” Cheyenne retorted. “She’s a mother of five with marriage issues.”
“Really, like what?” Daisy couldn’t resist asking.
“Her husband’s Sheriff Tony Davillo. He’s been messing around with RaeLynn McCabe, Logan’s mom, for years. I think you know her. She’s seven or eight years older than Tony. RaeLynn’s husband died 10 years ago, and she has a boyfriend named Frank. But Tony’s been her go-to guy for great sex the past five years.”
“Ohhh, are you sure?” a wide-eyed Daisy asked, leaning in and then glancing over at Clarice.
“Yeah,” Cheyenne replied. “A few people know, but I don’t think Logan’s one of them. She’s his mom, ya know? He thinks she’s the virgin Mary. RaeLynn’s definitely got it going on. She comes in every Friday for the works.”
“Yeah, she’s a cool lady,” Daisy concurred. “And Logan’s one of the officers who rescued me and my friend from the Fleck Farm. Both of them have been there for me on my darkest days.”
“Awesome,” Cheyenne said. And then, lowering her voice, she added, “Just don’t say anything about what I told you to either one of them, or I could lose my job. My boss warned me about turning this place into gossip central.”
Daisy nodded.
“I won’t say a word,” she promised Cheyenne as she smiled down at her softer, prettier hands. She was glad she had come in—for the manicure and the lowdown on RaeLynn.
Within days, Cheyenne’s juicy tidbit was confirmed when Daisy spotted RaeLynn kissing Tony in the parking lot of the Holiday Inn. It was dawn, the light was murky, but she was sure it was the adulterous pair standing outside his patrol car. Maybe they’d spent the night?
Peeking out at them, Daisy recalled a comment RaeLynn often made. “Pahrump’s just Peyton Place on steroids.”

* * * * Chapter 13 * * * *
In late May, four weeks after the raid, the triplets and their aunt were arraigned at the Nye County Courthouse, a stone’s throw from the sheriff’s station.
A well-respected Pahrump judge presided, and there were a few local journalists and Vegas reporters, as well, camped out in the rows behind the Flecks and their aunt. The boys looked pale and morose in their baggy, orange jumpsuits and handcuffs. They glared at Daisy, dressed in a prim black dress with a Peter-Pan collar and cuffs, as she sat in the row directly behind the Nye County prosecutor.
The brothers looked thinner and cleaner than Daisy had ever seen them. Prison life obviously didn’t agree with them, or their crazy aunt, who looked haggard and glum in a loose, orange jumpsuit. Her long, gray hair had been pulled back in a messy bun. There were dark circles under her glassy, watery eyes, and her blotchy, pinkish skin looked greasy. She seemed in agony as she glowered at Daisy, who was unnerved by this courtroom encounter with the four perpetrators.
The arraignment was straightforward and brief. The Flecks and Wanda were told to rise while the judge read the charges against them. The list was long: multiple counts of armed robbery, aggravated kidnapping, false imprisonment, drug possession and trafficking, and resisting arrest. Wanda was charged with aiding and abetting most of these crimes.
The judge then asked the four defendants how they were going to plead. To everyone’s surprise and relief, each of them mumbled, “guilty.” That set the stage for the defendants to reappear in court two months later for sentencing.
Post-arraignment, RaeLynn, who had attended with Logan, hugged Daisy as the shackled triplets and their misbegotten aunt were led out of the courtroom and back to their jail cells.
Daisy spoke briefly to the dozen or so reporters gathered on the courthouse steps. Then she, Logan, and RaeLynn retreated to a nearby diner for coffee and to unwind from the emotional encounter.
That night, after a final chowdown at RaeLynn’s, Logan drove Daisy back to the Holiday Inn, where he spent the night holding and reassuring her. She needed him now more than ever. Just being in the same room with the evil, real-life Flecks and their deranged aunt had put her over the edge and intensified her PTSD.
The next day, Logan drove Daisy back to Vegas. Heading down Highway 95 on this 75-minute haul through the Mohave, she gazed out the windows on both sides. A beautiful monotony surrounded her in the endless miles of desert-scape: sandy brown soil, scrubby trees and bushes, die-hard cactus, with the distant, cocoa-colored Spring Mountains framing it all. Scenic, but barren and forbidding, too, like an old Hollywood soundstage for a Tom Mix western.
With few buildings or towns to distract her, Daisy found herself recalling the ghastly drive in the opposite direction that she and Crystal had endured, five months earlier, in the back of the van after the kidnapping. Blindfolded and in total darkness, they had never been so terrified in their lives.
Now, with Logan behind the wheel, Daisy felt safe and secure. Still, fear and anxiety were rumbling in the distance. She would soon be ensconced again in the crudeness and craziness of Vegas. Neither she nor Logan knew what awaited her there. How would she re-enter her former life as Daisy Carter? And what about her previous existence as Roxy Drake? Would she ever be able to return to it? Or make a permanent, complete break from it and move on? Annoying, unsettling questions that nagged at Daisy as she and Logan sped down the four-lane ribbon of asphalt.

* * * * Chapter 14 * * * *
By mid-June, Daisy’s life had skidded back to normal. Well, sort of.
Since the kidnapping, she and Crystal had been dubbed, “Thelma and Louise,” by Planet Binge’s party-animal clientele. In other words, they were both free-spirited, loose, and playful, with an undercurrent of dangerous.
The idea caught on fast, and at first it was all fun and games, especially the bigger tips. But things quickly spiraled out of control, with customers demanding special attention and favored seating. The girls, clad in their cute, pink-mini-dresses, with black-and-white polka-dot aprons, soon found themselves overwhelmed with requests for autographs and selfies. A few old codgers even hustled them for quickie dates or hook-ups. The result was rolling tension, which quickly escalated into all kinds of dining-room chaos and kitchen glitches. And some of the other waiters turned snarky and resentful.
For Daisy and Crystal, reveling in a bit of celebrity after four grim months of captivity did wonders for their battered egos. But the constant attention also made for embarrassing moments. Customers tended to ask the rudest, most intrusive questions about life on the farm, most of them related to bathroom habits and bodily functions, or the sexual behaviors of animals. Was even a mangy diner-saloon in a Vegas casino the proper venue for a discussion about the kinky sex lives of pigs and goats? The lewdness and insensitivity were hard to stomach, but what else could you expect at Planet?
Crystal and Daisy coasted along with the silly charade as best they could. But of course what had happened to them was no laughing matter. Crystal was doing okay, but Daisy still had trouble sleeping, and suffered daily panic attacks, a classic symptom of PTSD.
Being back at Planet took away some of the pain. Walking into this colorful kaleidoscope of bad taste was refreshing and exhilarating after the dirt and dreariness of the Fleck barn. And the food totally rocked. After four months of “grunge grub” from Wanda’s kitchen, it was heaven to again devour shrimp-Shangri-La cocktails, wild-thing cocktail wings slathered with garlic-parmesan sauce, chump-change chips, and fried-cheese balls.
When they weren’t waiting tables or chowing down, Daisy and Crystal were hanging out with the new men in their lives. Every week Logan sped in from Pahrump to spend his days off with Daisy. The couple would go hiking in the Valley of the Gods, see movies, laugh it up at Jake’s shows, and savor romantic dinners.
Afterwards, they would spend the night in Daisy’s apartment. And they were no longer getting into bed fully clothed to snuggle and watch funny movies. A full-throttle love affair had blossomed when Daisy got back to Sin City, and every day it just got sweeter. Logan was helping Daisy work through her PTSD issues, and she was bringing joy and happiness to his rigid, sterile, law-enforcement existence.
As for Crystal, she was dating a hunky reporter from the Las Vegas Review-Journal named Sam Rowe. He had interviewed her about the kidnapping and then hung around for a real-life sequel. The six-foot-one, dark-haired, Clark-Kent-clone had grown up in Dallas. Every time Crystal heard his sexy twang, she melted. His family, including an ex-wife and three-year-old son, were still back in the Lone Star State. So far, it had been all hearts and flowers for the hot couple, who loved to go dancing and see shows.
“We both wanted to meet new guys,” Crystal remarked one day, as she and Daisy were changing into their uniforms in Planet’s locker room. “But who knew we’d have to get kidnapped and held captive for four months to do it?”
Daisy nodded vaguely, as a small smile crossed her lips. Yes, she had to admit, if there was a silver lining to all the suffering, it was that she had met Logan, and Crystal, Sam.
Back in Pahrump things were far drearier for the Fleck brothers and wacky Wanda. All four were still in lock-up and preparing for their high-stakes sentencing in July.
On that scorching day, Sam drove Crystal and Daisy to the Nye County Courthouse so they could attend the hearing with Logan and RaeLynn. It was brief and to the point. In a courtroom packed with locals and media from Vegas and L.A., the Flecks and Wanda were told to rise in their orange jumpsuits and handcuffs. The judge then sentenced each of the triplets to 25 years in federal prison in Carson City, and the same stretch for Wanda in a women’s facility. Parole would be a possibility for all after 15 years.
Daisy and Crystal cried with relief and hugged each other as the shackled inmates were led out of the courtroom. It was traumatic to be in the same space with this gang of vigilantes. The last thing the girls wanted was to make eye contact with any of them.
The sentencing brought some much-needed closure, but neither Daisy nor Crystal would ever be totally free from those long, harrowing months. It wasn’t just the everyday grind of chores and hard labor, it was the fear of not knowing if, or when, they would ever taste freedom again. There was constant mental anguish, along with the physical hardships that even now still haunted them.

* * * * Chapter 15 * * * *
Not everyone was happy with Logan and Daisy’s hot romance. Back in Vegas, Jake was consumed with jealousy. After being separated from, and almost losing, Daisy, he became more possessive and protective of her. He was infatuated with her, of course, and had been since the day they met. Now, with Logan in the picture, he felt angry and frustrated. Every time he spoke to Daisy, he issued the same warning.
“This dude’s taking advantage of you. He met you at your worst and convinced you that you needed him because of your PTSD. Maybe that was just an excuse to get into your pants.”
“Jake, that’s crude and ridiculous!” a hurt, offended Daisy would counter. “Logan isn’t manipulative and devious like that. He’s a good-looking dude in a uniform, with scores of females lusting for him all over town. He doesn’t need to make up bogus stories. I totally believe in him.”
Jake would just roll his eyes. His cynical take on Daisy’s relationship with Logan put a strain on their friendship, but it didn’t end it by any means. Daisy still lived in the apartment above his garage; still sat in on his comedy shows every couple of weeks, and still cooked spaghetti dinners with him on his days off. She was just careful to keep Logan’s name out of the conversation.
Despite Jake’s misgivings, Daisy and Logan grew closer and spent as much time together as they could. By the fall of 2018, they were looking forward to their first holiday season as a couple.
In November, a few days before Thanksgiving, Logan drove to Vegas to spend the night at Daisy’s. The next day, he brought her back to Pahrump. As the couple pulled into RaeLynn’s, long, winding driveway, the ecstatic mom ran out to hug Daisy.
The rest of that day was a blur of grocery shopping and pumpkin-pie baking. Daisy loved every minute. Back home in Evanston, her mom had always had Thanksgiving dinner prepared and delivered through the Palmer House, where Roxy was manager of the catering department. This was so much more fun and creative.
Turkey day dawned mild and bright. After a quick breakfast, Daisy reported to RaeLynn for kitchen duty. Intensive chopping and dicing of vegetables were required for the cornbread stuffing. Sweet potato casserole and homemade cranberry sauce were next on the docket. Then it was time to set the long, rectangular table. In its center would be a large vase of fresh mums, roses, and lilies.
By four PM, everyone was seated in the elegantly rustic dining room. Logan looked sexy in jeans and a burgundy V-neck sweater. Little brother T.J., who’d driven in from Vegas the night before, was cool in snug black jeans and a gray silk shirt. His tarot-card-reader girlfriend, Zeena, looked sultry in a black velvet skirt with a gold silk blouse.
RaeLynn radiated pure Pahrump sexiness in a low cut, purple knit dress worn with lots of flashy silver chains and a hot-pink lace apron. Her boyfriend, Frank, had to work later, so he was clad in his sand-colored Nye County sheriff’s department uniform. And Daisy dazzled in snug taupe jeans with a cream-colored beaded sweater and beige leather boots.
The mood was light and celebratory as everyone sucked it up and dug into dry roast turkey with lumpy gravy, soggy cornbread stuffing, an undercooked sweet potato casserole topped with burnt marshmallows, runny cranberry sauce, and tough broccoli and Brussels sprouts with orange sauce. The food had its share of issues, but the company was warm and festive. Every moment crackled with gaiety and ebullience.
After pumpkin-pie and coffee, Daisy and RaeLynn cleared the table, loaded the dishwasher, and organized leftovers. Then, while everyone gathered in the living room to watch football, Daisy and Logan pulled on their leather jackets and slipped outside for a romantic stroll through the gorgeous desert scape.
A mile from RaeLynn’s, they stopped at an inviting white-wood gazebo, where Logan asked Daisy to sit with him and watch the stars. Holding hands, the two kissed passionately, both of them panting with excitement. When they finally calmed down, they sat close, with Logan clutching Daisy’s hand.
“You’ve made me the happiest I’ve ever been,” he murmured, speaking straight from the heart. “Today was the best Thanksgiving ever. Seeing you with my family made it special. They all love you, but how could they not? I’m crazy about you, too. I have been since the day I first saw you stepping out of that closet in the Flecks’ kitchen. I feel like we’ve known each other all our lives. I can’t see my future without you.”
Then he sank to one knee and reached into the inner pocket of his jacket for a small, black box. Daisy could see what was coming and she couldn’t believe it. Logan reached for her hand and she gasped as he went on.
“Dais, you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I would love us to have a family someday, but first things first. Will you marry me?”
Daisy let out a yelp, laughing and crying at the same time.
“Logan, I’m stunned! I love you, too. How could I not? You’ve made my life happy and secure since the day we met. You’ve watched over me and protected me and made me feel more loved than I ever have in my life. I’m so grateful to you for allowing me to be part of your sweet family.
“You’re the best part of every day. I love you with all my heart, but I can’t give you an answer right this minute because of my past. I have to make sure I can let go of Connor and all the stuff that goes with him. It would be kind of complicated to get married as Daisy Carter when I’m still Roxy Drake, somewhere inside. But I do love you and I could see myself happily married to you forever. Please, just give me till tomorrow morning to sort it all out. Then I’ll tell you.”
“Fair enough,” Logan said, a tad disappointed, before taking her in his arms. “You know I’m a patient guy. Think about it overnight and let me know. If you say no, I’ll accept it. But I won’t give up. I’ll keep asking till you say yes. I’ll never give up because I love you and I truly believe we’re soul mates, meant to be together.”
Daisy felt warm and safe as she nestled into Logan’s strong, muscular chest. The mingled scent of after-shave and leather made her giddy. He pulled her close. Her heart was pounding, and so was his. Locked in each other’s arms, they kissed deeply, over and over again, moaning with pleasure in the moonlight.
Before nudging the ring box back into his pocket, Logan tenderly touched it to his lips. As she watched him, Daisy thought of Connor’s two-carat diamond engagement ring back in her apartment, stashed in a secret slit in the mattress. This ring was half that size, but it meant every bit as much. Daisy wondered if she could actually accept another man’s proposal and wear his ring. If she did, what would she do with Connor’s rock?
With a sky full of stars glimmering above, Logan and Daisy strolled back to the house, hand-in-hand, stopping along the way for more hugs and kisses.
Back at RaeLynn’s, they sat with the others, watching football while keeping their secret quiet. Soon the love birds said good night and slipped off to Logan’s room. Peeling off their clothes, they tumbled into bed and made love with a joy and passion that were off the charts. As they slept nestled in each other’s arms that night, they truly felt like they were part of each other.
The next morning, Daisy woke up early and shuffled across the wooden floor to Logan’s jacket, draped over the back of a chair. Probing through the pockets, she found the ring box, opened it, and pulled out the one-carat sparkler. After admiring it for a few seconds, she took it out of the box and nudged it onto her finger. Then she slipped back into bed.
When Logan woke up, he saw Daisy lying beside him with her beautiful, pale-pink hand on the pillow and the engagement ring glistening on her finger. A surge of joy blasted through him. In a state of euphoria and excitement, he leaned over, kissed the ring, and then planted kisses all the way up Daisy’s arm and neck. She awoke from a light slumber and they rolled into each others’ arms and made love again, this time as an engaged couple. Then it was shower time.
Downstairs, RaeLynn, T.J., and Zeena were seated at the dining room table having breakfast. As they tore into hot, syrup-soaked pumpkin waffles, Daisy kept her hand hidden. But when they had finished and were sipping coffee, RaeLynn noticed the sparkler on Daisy’s left hand. Overjoyed, she jumped out of her chair and let out a whoop.
“Oh my God, you’re wearing a diamond ring! Are you two engaged?”
“Yeah, Mom, as of this morning,” Logan exclaimed with a big smile, reaching for Daisy’s hand and kissing it.
Everyone leapt up to hug and congratulate the giddy couple. What a fantastic, fairy-tale Thanksgiving it had been. The ring was gorgeous. Platinum setting, round, one carat. So classic, traditional, and perfect.
After breakfast, Daisy warmly hugged her future brother-in-law, T.J., and his pretty, raven-haired girlfriend, Zeena, who were leaving for Vegas to return to work. While embracing Zeena, Daisy whispered, “Maybe we’ll be sisters-in-law someday!” Zeena nodded and beamed, her dark eyes sparkling with joy and excitement.

* * * * Chapter 16 * * * *
Nothing could put a damper on the newly engaged Daisy’s happiness. She was crazy in love with Logan, and excited about their future together. She was also relieved the wedding would take place in rural, sedate Pahrump instead of wild, chaotic Vegas, where the memories of her almost-wedding to Connor were still too fresh. And more good news: Daisy and Logan were in agreement that the wedding should be a small, intimate affair. Only 60 people would be invited, mainly family, friends, and members of the Nye County Sheriff’s Department, with their plus-ones.
Setting the date was a priority, of course. January was the only month the department could spare Logan for two consecutive weeks, so he and Daisy chose Saturday, January 19, 2019. What a coincidence, Daisy thought, because her wedding to Connor was to have taken place on January 14, 2017.
The bride-to-be was in a state of perpetual afterglow, but she was also a bit overwhelmed. It was almost December, and there was so much to do. Sensing the pressure Daisy felt, RaeLynn, who had always longed for a daughter, jumped in with both feet and took over the wedding planning.
Her first suggestion was that the ceremony could take place in the same spot where Logan had proposed. A white, wooden gazebo in a beautiful desert-scape, surrounded by snow-capped mountains, would be drop-dead romantic, Logan and Daisy both agreed. As for the reception, RaeLynn had her heart set on a big, tented blow-out in her own backyard, which stretched across several acres. Again, Logan and Daisy concurred.
Early on, RaeLynn insisted she would cover all wedding expenses. The only thing the bride would spring for would be her gown. Daisy wanted Crystal to be her maid of honor, of course, and Zeena and RaeLynn would serve as bridesmaids. All three agreed to pay for their own dresses, so that would help. Logan’s best man would be younger brother, T.J., and his groomsmen, Frank, RaeLynn’s boyfriend, and Charlie, his close friend and long-time partner.
Daisy couldn’t believe she was engaged again. What would Roxy Drake think of all this? It struck her as somewhat bizarre that only a few people knew of her former life. Crystal, Logan, and Jake, to be exact. Everyone else, including RaeLynn, and Jake’s parents, didn’t know a thing about Roxy Drake. Even Crystal’s reporter-boyfriend, Sam, was unaware. It just made life easier and more comfortable for Daisy to carry on as one person. Otherwise, there would have been too many questions and issues.
Jake was predictably upset when Daisy revealed her big news over a cup of coffee at her kitchen table a couple of days after Thanksgiving.
“How can you marry this guy, or even trust him?” he fumed, throwing his hands up. “When you told him about your old life and running away, he should have contacted the cops in Vegas and Chicago right off. Instead he started a relationship with you. And now he’s going to marry you. What an operator!”
“Oh, Jake,” Daisy sighed, shaking her head. “Give me a break. I ran out on my wedding, then I got kidnapped and went through hell on that damn farm. Now I’m finally feeling joy again. I don’t know what the future holds, but I think Logan will make me happy the rest of my life. I love him and his whole family. Without them, I don’t know how I would have coped after the rescue.”
“I get all that,” Jake countered, “but I still think you should wait a while. At least a year, and see how you feel then. Marry Adam-12 in 2020. If you wait till then, I’ll feel a whole lot better about this. You need more time to get to know each other.”
“Well, I don’t agree,” the pink-velour-jump-suited Daisy retorted. “It’s been seven months of almost-constant togetherness. We feel like we know each other well enough, and we’re going ahead with this wedding. I hope you’ll be there, and your mom and dad, too.”
“I’ll probably attend, but it will be under protest,” Jake frowned.
Daisy rolled her eyes.
“You’ll see, Jake. It will all work out and we’ll all live happily ever after. When Logan and I celebrate our silver anniversary, you can do stand-up at our party, okay?”
“Yeah, whatever,” Jake said, shaking his head.
Daisy could sort of understand why he was upset. But she didn’t trust his opinion of Logan because she knew he had a major crush on her. Jake wouldn’t have been happy with anyone she got involved with.
Meanwhile, back in Pahrump, RaeLynn dove into wedding planning, full throttle. Every day she called Daisy with questions on the cake, flowers, food, decorations, and rings.
The platinum bands the couple would exchange were family heirlooms from the McCabe side of the family. They were already in the custody of a Pahrump jeweler who would clean and size them. A friend of RaeLynn’s who loved crafting was going to decorate the gazebo and turn it into a glistening, romantic jewel. RaeLynn would order Daisy’s pink-and-white-rose bridal bouquet, plus flowers to adorn the entrance to the gazebo, and the rows of white chairs on the lawn in front of it. Every lily, rose, carnation, and mum would come from Valley Depot Flowers, Pahrump’s premier florist.
The reception would be a glorious celebration with a catered lunch of prime rib, lobster, and all the trimmings. A live band would play in the background for the dancing, which would commence after the cutting of a five-tier lemon-custard cake with buttercream frosting. Then Daisy would toss her bouquet.
The newlyweds would spend their first night in a new Marriott on the outskirts of town. The next morning they would drive to Vegas to catch a non-stop flight to Hawaii for their week-long honeymoon on Kauai. Logan was paying for that and his tuxedo rental. The groomsmen would each rent their own tuxes.
While RaeLynn fussed over wedding details, and Logan planned the honeymoon, Daisy obsessed over finding the perfect bridal gown. On their days off, she and Crystal ran all over town looking at hundreds of long, poufy white dresses. One cool, drizzly, early-December morning, the exhaustive search came to an end at Eve’s Bridal Boutique on Flamingo Road. Hanging on a rack just outside the dressing room door was the perfect vintage-white bridal gown. The long-sleeved top was pristine ivory lace with a fitted bustier underneath. The flowing, silk taffeta skirt featured an ivory lace overlay, with silver and gold seed pearls sewn into it.
The gown took Daisy’s breath away. It was regal, sexy, and drop-dead glamorous. Eve’s had featured it in fashion shows and catalog photo shoots the previous season, so it was considered a “sample,” and Daisy got the $5,000 gown for half price. The day she purchased it, with maid-of-honor, Crystal, by her side, she felt like a princess-bride.
Crystal was over-the-moon for her best friend. As they waited for the Eves’ bridal consultant to ring up the sale, she grabbed Daisy’s left hand to admire her round-cut diamond.
“Wow, Logan has really good taste,” she gushed. “Most guys couldn’t pick out something this classy and tasteful. You’re lucky to have found him.
“Twelve months ago we got kidnapped by the Flecks. You were chopping turnips and shoveling shit with these pretty hands, and now you’re wearing this gorgeous diamond. What a difference a year makes!”
A beaming Daisy nodded.

* * * * Chapter 17 * * * *
With wedding planning, the frantic yuletide party-scene at Planet Binge, and spending time with Logan, Christmas 2018 was a blur for Daisy. This would be her last holiday as a single woman, and she was having a hard time deciding where to spend it. Logan was counting on her to be at RaeLynn’s, but Jake was hoping she would spend the day with him, his parents, and sister. Though she felt torn, Daisy finally told Jake she would be having dinner with Logan’s family.
“We’ll come by for dessert,” she promised. “I want to see everyone, and you know how much I love your mom’s carrot cake. So will Logan.”
“Do we really need to see Adam-12 on Christmas?” Jake asked with a tinge of hostility.
“Well, he is my fiancé. If you’re seeing me, you’re seeing him,” Daisy shot back.
So that’s the way it went. After opening presents, Daisy enjoyed a festive ham dinner with Logan’s family in Pahrump. Afterwards, while everyone was watching football, she and Logan hopped in his car and drove back to Vegas to join Jake, and his parents and sister for dessert, coffee, and more presents. Everyone behaved civilly, thank God. It gave Daisy hope for the future.
Though Jake seemed calm and jovial on Christmas, inside he was torn up about Daisy’s upcoming wedding. By early January, he was sinking deeper into a quagmire of despair. He couldn’t stop worrying about her and fretting over her future. Sometimes he thought he had it all wrong, and there was nothing to worry about. Maybe Daisy knew what she was doing with the country cop, and he was being overly protective or delusional. After all, her choice of friends and pick of a marital partner were her business, not his. What right did he, a friend and lower-echelon Vegas comic, have to meddle in her life?
On the other hand, something had always smelled fishy here. For a tin-badge lawman to carry out a rescue, then sell a vulnerable victim a bill of goods on PTSD while slipping into her life, and her bed, was just wrong on so many levels. Maybe Daisy was too sweet and naïve to see it, but he could.
And so Jake decided he would no longer sit by passively on the Daisy-Logan affair. First off, he went ahead and spilled the beans to his mom and dad about Daisy’s complicated past as Roxy Drake. Kip and Sharon were flabbergasted. But he surprised them even further when he revealed he wanted to contact Daisy’s former fiancé in Chicago and alert him that his ex was about to walk down the aisle with another man.
“Your heart’s in the right place, son,” Kip told him. “But maybe that’s overstepping your boundaries. After all, you’re not a member of Daisy’s family or a cop. You’re just a friend. Maybe you should give her some space and let her decide what she wants and then support her, whatever it is.”
“But, dad, they’re getting married in a few weeks. Things are moving way too fast,” Jake countered. “Don’t you think Logan was deceptive and incompetent to not tip the authorities that Roxy Drake had been found, so they could have called her parents and former fiancé?”
“I get your point,” Sharon piped up, “but remember, this is Daisy’s life. She gets to decide how she wants to live it.”
Jake heard his parents out, but he had made up his mind and wasn’t going to be swayed. Once they realized how serious he was, they both reluctantly got on board with his plan.
“Do you know how to contact the former fiance in Chicago?” Kip asked.
“Yeah,” Jake replied. “His name is Connor J. Barrington. He owns a building company called J. Barrington Construction. Daisy told me all about him early on. I’m sure I can find a number for him.”
“Well, go ahead then and give him a call,” Sharon chimed in, “but if he acts like he’s moved on, or isn’t interested, let it go. Both of them need to get on with their lives, and so do you.”
“Yeah, mom, dad, whatever. One thing at a time, okay? First, let me save Daisy from this sham of a marriage. Then we’ll see what happens with Connor and her. Maybe Daisy will decide she doesn’t want either one of them, and that will leave the field wide open for yours truly.”
Staring at their son, Kip and Sharon both nodded and smiled in approval. Any plan that would get the lovely, vibrant Daisy into the family was a winner as far as they were concerned.
That night, Jake went ahead and rang up Connor. He was thunderstruck to learn Roxy was not only alive, well, and living in Vegas, but also on the verge of marrying another guy. What a shocker! He was glad she was okay, and grateful to get the heads-up because he still missed her and thought about her all the time. Yes, the heartstrings were still pinging. Deep in his soul, Connor knew he would never truly be able to move on until there was some sort of closure with Roxy. So Jake’s call was welcome, but also rather painful.
Connor didn’t tell a soul that Jake had contacted him. Instead, he immediately went online and made plane and hotel reservations for Vegas the next day. He would tell everyone he was making a business run to Dallas.
The next morning, after a sleepless night wracked with alternating bouts of excitement and anxiety, Connor flew to Vegas. It was January 4, 2019, 15 days before Daisy’s wedding to Logan.
On the plane, he was a nervous wreck, with a pounding heart and sweaty palms. Excited, scared, angry, happy, you name it, Connor felt it. He was now 39 years old, Roxy 27. Reflecting back to the magical night it all began, four-and-a-half years earlier, Connor recalled his first meeting with ravishing, blond Roxy in July 2014.
It was a hot night on Chicago’s Navy Pier, and she was gliding across the dance floor in a shimmery, pale-blue silk dress. The minute he saw her, his heart leapt. Hers, too. They both had this instant feeling that this was It, that they had met The One. Edging towards each other slowly, awkwardly, they introduced themselves and ended up dancing the night away.
It was the beginning of a beautiful love affair. The only downside was Roxy’s parents. Not only did they feel snubbed and ignored by the hot couple, but also threatened. There was constant fear that Connor would whisk Roxy off to start an exciting new life that wouldn’t include them.
As they sat on the sidelines and watched the torrid relationship take off without their input, their parental egos were badly bruised. Connor and Roxy should probably have behaved with more tact and sensitivity, but truth be told, they were too much in love to pay much attention.
At various times, Connor wanted to tell Roxy about the strange deaths of his first two wives. He knew that he should do this. But somehow the time was never right. And when it was, he just couldn’t bring himself to go forward. He didn’t know how relevant, or necessary, those disclosures would be, and he worried that their entire relationship could blow up. Who knew how Roxy would react? And what would happen if her parents found out? That could be even more explosive. Why muddy the waters, when he was at the onset of what seemed the perfect romance?
And so, life steamrolled on. Before they knew it, they were engaged in 2016 and all was bliss. Connor certainly wasn’t going to rock the boat at that point. But then it got rocked for him, big time, one hour before the wedding when Roxy learned the bitter truth about his past from her own parents, and promptly ran off.
When she disappeared, the joy abruptly ended for Connor. His life changed dramatically. But now this unexpected phone call had suddenly rekindled hope, and he was experiencing a flood of old emotions as he flew west to meet this stranger named Daisy Carter who was really Roxy. Closing his eyes, he shuddered with a curious mix of excitement and apprehension. It was as if he were flying to Vegas for the ultimate blind date with the love of his life, the woman he had almost married two years before.
At McCarran Airport, Connor jumped in a cab and sped to the Bellagio on the Strip, where he had booked a suite. The lobby of the massive resort looked fabulously glamorous and crowded, teeming with blissed-out tourists on idle pursuits of pleasure and frivolity. Not so Connor, who didn’t quite know what the outcome of this strange reunion would be. He only knew he had to meet this Daisy-Carter-person who supposedly was Roxy. Wild horses couldn’t keep him away!
When Jake had called a few days earlier, he had given Connor Daisy’s cell number. The minute he got into his suite, he set his suitcase down, pulled his cell out, and dialed her number. It wasn’t easy. His heart was pounding, his hands shaking so badly he could barely hit the keys.
Daisy’s phone rang two or three times, but there was no answer. Connor’s heart fell. Then, suddenly, he heard a soft click on the other end and a blissfully familiar, “Hello.”
“Hey, babe,” Connor purred in that old, playful way of his, although his voice was now trembling. Silence prevailed on Daisy’s end. She knew instantly it wasn’t Logan; he never called her babe. Could it possibly be… Connor?
She was too stunned to speak. For a second, she thought of hanging up, just pushing the button in. But she didn’t.
“Babe, it’s me, you there?” Connor asked.
There was more silence. Finally Daisy spoke, her heart beating so fast she thought it would leap out of her chest.
“Connor, is this you?” she gasped. “How on earth did you find me? How did you get this number?”
In a thin, nervous voice, Connor related how her friend, Jake, had called him earlier that week to tell him about her upcoming wedding and to urge him to come out and talk to her.
“Jake’s a good friend,” a flustered Daisy explained, “but he should mind his own business and stop sticking his nose in mine!”
“Well, he obviously cares about you a great deal,” Connor answered, “and thinks we should talk before you go ahead with the marriage to the cop in the small town.”
“He’s a sheriff’s deputy and it’s not such a small town,” Daisy retorted. Then she asked where he was calling from.
“A suite at Bellagio with a view of the fountain show,” he answered. “Where are you?”
“Home, at the moment. I live in a suburb about a half-hour from the Strip. I rent the apartment above Jake’s garage. It’s a cute little place. Nothing like Evanston, but at least there’s a roof over my head.”
“Well, can I come out there to see you right now, or can you come here? It’s been two years. I’ve been on the backs of the cops out here every week, sometimes every day, trying to find you, or at least get information on where you might be. But there was nothing, just a bunch of dead ends. It’s been pretty fucking agonizing.”
Daisy was silent for a moment, then she opened up a bit about the past two years.
“Connor, I’m sorry for what you’ve been through, but this hasn’t been a walk in the park for me either,” she confided. “After what I learned about you at the last minute, I didn’t want to be found—by you or my parents. I needed time to myself, okay? I want to see you, too, but it will have to be later.
“Please tell me, how are my parents doing?”
Connor took a deep breath.
“Well, I haven’t seen them because of the brawl at Caesar’s two years ago. But I heard through a friend that your dad had a heart attack last year. He’s okay now, but he had to have surgery. And your mom’s been in and out of the hospital, with complications from her diabetes. As far as I know, she’s doing better now, too. It’s been a tough couple of years for all of us.”
“Oh my God,” Roxy gasped, ”this is awful. I’m shocked to hear this stuff about my parents. What about Wes?”
“I run into him at the gym sometimes. He seems fine. He’s dating a girl you used to work with, Wendy Slater. Do you remember her?”
“Yes, of course I remember Wendy. From public relations, right? And what about my job? Is it still there?”
“They held it for you for six months,” Connor answered. “Then your assistant got it. They didn’t know if you were coming back or not, and they couldn’t wait any longer. She’s doing okay, but she’s not you. They still miss you.”
One other person Roxy was anxious to hear about was Amy, her almost-maid-of-honor in her aborted wedding at Caesar’s.
Connor smiled at the mention of her name.
“She’s doing great,” he reported. “She got a job as an art director at a big ad agency in New York. I heard they interviewed 50 people and she ended up landing it. They loved her background and personality. I heard she snagged a nice apartment on the Upper West Side, too, right across from Central Park.”
“Oh!” Roxy said excitedly, “I’m so happy for her. I’ll have to call her one of these days. She used to talk about getting a job in New York all the time. It was her dream. At least someone’s dream came true.”
“And what about you, Connor?” Roxy finally asked, a bit awkwardly. "How are you getting along?”
“I’m doing okay, babe. Surviving. Putting one foot in front of the other and taking it one day at a time. It’s been a struggle. After you disappeared, I never thought I’d see a happy or peaceful day again. But I’m slowly turning the corner.”
The connection started to get rough.
“So when can I see you?” Connor asked again. “How ‘bout tonight? How ‘bout right now?”
Roxy chuckled.
“Same old Connor. Patience never was your strong suit. I have a job and I’m working tonight. This is all so shocking, about my parents. I need to know more. Maybe you could come down to see me at work and we can go to dinner afterwards and talk.”
“Sounds good, babe. What kind of job?”
“Just come to Planet Binge on the casino level of the Excalibur and you’ll see me in action as Daisy Carter, waitress from hell. Anytime after six.”
Connor laughed. It was good to hear Roxy sounding like her spunky old self.
“Looking forward to it,” he added excitedly, elated at the thought of seeing her. “One more thing, babe, then I’ll let you go. Are you still as breathtakingly beautiful as you were two years ago when you almost married me at Caesar’s?”
Daisy laughed.
“Connor, what is this, are you flirting with me? I can’t talk anymore, my phone is going. Just come to Planet Binge and we’ll go out after my shift.”
When they hung up, Daisy fell onto her bed in a state of combined euphoria and dread. She was in shock. Her heart was pounding. She felt angry at Jake, but also strangely grateful. She couldn’t make up her mind about how to square her present with her past, and he had gone ahead and given her a huge assist.
From the day she’d gotten engaged to Logan, she had felt sort of strange about plunging ahead with the wedding without making some kind of peace with her past. So here Connor was, and they were going to dinner that night, and she was going to get that chance. It was infuriating that it was being forced upon her, but so be it, she thought.
A half hour later, a bouncy Crystal, sexy in her Planet Binge pink mini-dress and black fishnets, picked Daisy up at her apartment. As Crystal navigated down traffic-choked Sahara towards the Strip, Daisy explained that her former fiance was in town, staying at Bellagio, and coming to Planet Binge that night to take her to dinner.
“Um, maybe you should tell Logan about this before you meet him?” Crystal asked.
“No,” Daisy shot back. “If he knew, he’d race down here in a New York minute and confront Connor. I wouldn’t have a minute’s peace. You know how jealous he is. I have a right to deal with my past on my own terms. He’s working anyway. I don’t want to bother him. This is Roxy Drake stuff, not Daisy Carter stuff, okay?”
“Yeah, I suppose,” Crystal responded. “But aren’t Daisy Carter and Roxy Drake the same person?”
“In a way, I guess so,” Daisy replied, “but that’s a concept I don’t think Logan gets. So I’m going to go ahead and have dinner with Connor. Everything will be fine, you’ll see.”
“What about Jake? Aren’t you going to tell him off for calling Connor?”
“He’s working at the High Roller right now and doing a show tonight at the Laugh Factory,” Daisy answered. “He had a helluva lot of nerve calling Connor behind my back, but in a way I’m glad he did. I was mad at first, but not anymore.”
“You don’t seem mad at all,” Crystal said. “You look really happy.”
“Do I?” Daisy asked, tilting her head and smiling coyly. “I’ve got to admit, it was good to hear Connor’s voice again. It’s been two whole years. We were about to be married in one hour when I ran out of Caesar’s. Must have been a helluva shock for him, and everybody else.”
“I’m just curious,” Crystal asked, “If you had that day to live all over again, would you still run?”
Daisy was quiet for a moment as she gazed out the window and reflected on Crystal’s question.
“I don’t know,” she replied, shrugging. “It got me into a helluva lot of trouble, didn’t it? Maybe I should have stayed and listened to Connor’s side of the story and just delayed the wedding.
“But it wasn’t just about him. I was furious with my parents, too, for hiring a private detective. It was all of the above, so I guess I would do it again. And I got to meet you, didn’t I? But we could have skipped the part about the Flecks and Wanda, right? Wait till I tell Connor. A kidnapping at gunpoint, and four months in captivity on an alfalfa farm. That will shake him up.”
Crystal laughed, adding, “Five minutes on the Fleck Farm would shake anybody up!”

* * * * Chapter 18 * * * *
Waiting tables that night, Daisy grew more nervous by the minute. By 8:30, she was beginning to wonder where Connor was. Standing in the raucous entryway of Planet Binge, its pink walls covered with crude scrawlings and eccentric works of art, Daisy scanned the crowded, smoky casino for her former fiancé.
And then, suddenly, there he was, standing right outside the window, staring in at her. In her short pink dress and polka-dot apron, Daisy darted into the casino and bounded into Connor’s arms, hugging him tightly. On and on it went. She wouldn’t let go and neither would he. There were slot machines clanging all around. But they never heard them ringing. No, they never heard them at all.
Still locked in each others’ arms, a few incoherent sentences were uttered. But mostly, the reunited lovers clung to each other like two shipwreck survivors in the same lifeboat. They were deliriously happy, and here Daisy was, wearing another man’s engagement ring and set to marry him in 15 days. But at the moment, none of that mattered. None of what had happened in the past two years mattered. All that did matter was that Connor and Roxy (Daisy) had found each other again—against all odds.
Crystal quickly noticed that Daisy was no longer waiting tables. Dashing out of the dining room, she looked through the glass pane and spotted the blissed-out couple locked in each others’ arms in a dreamy, altered state. Rushing out of Planet, she ran up to her friend.
“Dais, it’s cool,” she whispered, tapping her BFF lightly on the shoulder, “I’ll take your tables. I just talked to Dottie and you can take the rest of the night off. You two go off somewhere to have dinner and talk.”
Freeing herself from Connor’s embrace, Daisy grabbed Crystal’s arm and pulled her forward.
“Connor, this is Crystal, my best friend. Crystal, this is Connor, my former fiancé.” Mumbling the requisite, “nice to meet yous,” the two shook hands politely. Then Daisy turned to Crystal and said softly, “thanks, love you,” as they hugged.
Moments later Daisy told Connor she’d be right back. Sprinting into Planet, she made a beeline for the locker room, where she pulled her uniform and apron off and quickly re-dressed in jeans and a black silk blouse. Grabbing her purse, she slammed the locker shut. Then out of the saloon she darted, as Crystal quickly scribbled down another order at one of her tables.
Roxy found Connor in the Excalibur’s noisy, crowded casino, and off they ambled, hand in hand. Just beyond a bank of slots and craps’ tables, they spotted a white wooden bench and plopped down for a breather.
They were both still a bit dazed. Over the past two years, they had each imagined this moment many times, and wondered what it would be like. Epic love fest, or awkward and uncomfortable? No question, it was the former. There was a reason they’d been just one hour from marriage when Roxy bolted. She and Connor had been madly in love, and, apparently, still were. Suddenly, Connor took Daisy’s left hand in his.
“Babe, is this your new engagement ring?” he asked, somewhat bewildered. “Where’s the one I gave you?”
Lifting her hand from his, Daisy started fidgeting nervously with the round, one-carat sparkler.
“Um, yes, this is the engagement ring from Logan,” she nodded. “Isn’t it pretty?”
“it’s okay,” Connor replied, squirming a bit, “but where’s the one I gave you?”
“Back at my apartment,” Daisy answered, looking down. “My first night there, I made a slit in the mattress with a butcher knife and tucked it inside. Your grandmother’s heirloom pearls are in there too. It’s my little secret. I check them once in a while, just to make sure they’re safe.”
Connor nodded, stared down at Daisy’s ring, and gulped uncomfortably. An awkward silence ensued. With question marks flickering in her blue-green eyes, Daisy asked her former fiance, “What do you know about the last two years of my life? How much did Jake tell you?”
“He said you told him you had run away from our wedding because of some problems with my past,” Connor replied. “He told me you were living and working out here under the name Daisy Carter. Then he said the weirdest thing, something I didn’t understand at all.”
“What was that?” Daisy asked, tilting her head slightly.
“He said you had lived on a farm outside of Vegas for four months and that you met a cop there, and the two of you started dating, and were now engaged and getting married on January 19th. I couldn’t make any sense of that and he wouldn’t tell me more. So I came out here to see you and find out what the hell is going on.”
Pausing for a moment, Daisy looked down.
“Well, what Jake said was right—and wrong,” she said. “I did live on a farm for four months, but it wasn’t because I wanted to. Crystal, the redhead you just met, and I were kidnapped during an armed robbery here in the lobby one year ago.” Then she quickly recounted the horrific ordeal.
“Oh my God, I had no idea,” Connor gasped, leaning forward, shaking his head in horror and denial. “How could that happen to you, of all people? You never hurt anyone in your entire life. How did you get out of there?”
“We were rescued in a raid by the sheriff’s department,” Roxy answered. “The guy I’m engaged to was one of the deputies who broke into the farm and saved us. That’s how we met. I was pretty messed up after everything that happened and needed help.”
“Well, I’m glad he rescued you, but not thrilled you two are about to be married. Does he know anything about me?” Connor asked.
“Yes,” Roxy replied, “I told him.”
“And he didn’t reach out to me, or your parents, or let the cops in Vegas know? That’s outrageous. Isn’t that a bit underhanded and unethical after all you went through? Then the guy starts dating you, and now he’s about to marry you. Roxy, or Daisy, or whatever you’re going by at the moment, I think Jake is 100 percent right. You need to slow down and re-think this wedding. At least postpone it. Wait a year and see how you feel. Why rush ahead now?”
“Um, you can call me Daisy, even though we both know I’m Roxy,” Daisy shrugged. “As for my marriage plans,” she went on, “Logan and I have known each other nine months, so we’re not really rushing it. We just want to be together.”
Connor seemed sad. This was not what he wanted to hear.
“We can get into this more at dinner,” he said, nodding vaguely. “Vegas is a culinary capital, right? Where can we go for a couple of good steaks and a bottle of wine? We need a quiet place to talk.”
Daisy led Connor to the Round Table steakhouse in Excalibur, where they were soon camped at a quiet corner table with a white linen tablecloth and a vase of deep red roses.
Their epic dinner lasted three hours. Over medium-rare T-bones, baked potatoes, and many glasses of cabernet, they recounted what had gone on in both their lives over the past 24 months.
Connor related how he had delved further into the deaths of his previous wives, and found two key witnesses who could vouch for his innocence. He told her how he flew to Odessa, Texas to talk to his first wife’s best friend, who was now married to a rancher and the mother of two toddlers.
Shaking his head sadly, Connor confided, “Maggie told me that Annie had stolen $20,000 from the hair salon they co-managed to cover our wedding expenses. Her parents were going through a bitter divorce, and told her at the last minute they couldn’t finance our wedding.
“Anyway, Maggie, who called Annie in our honeymoon suite the day she died, told me she’s convinced Annie committed suicide on the chair-lift because she was terrified she was going to be caught and prosecuted.
“In other words, Annie deliberately dropped her wedding ring, reached for it, and ended up falling from a 90-foot ski-lift onto a craggy ravine of snow-covered mountains and trees. It was a horrible, instantaneous death.
“I had nothing to do with it. I was there in the chair beside her, strapped in a leather harness. I tried to lean forward and grab her hand, but I couldn’t reach her. I didn’t push her, or let her fall. Poor Annie did away with herself, babe.”
Leaning towards him, Roxy nodded sympathetically.
“What a horrible thing, especially on a honeymoon. How long were you two married?”
“Just 12 days,” Connor answered, shaking his head. “At least my second wife and I almost made it to our first anniversary.”
“Oh, so sorry,” Roxy said, sipping her wine. “What happened to her?”
“Charlotte’s death was every bit as disturbing and dreadful as Annie’s. In September 2018, I drove to a prison outside of Denver to talk to Casey Dodd, the handyman who found her body in the closet that fall day in 2007.”
When Roxy heard the word, prison, she became alarmed.
“Oh, my God, what’s he in prison for?” she asked.
Connor cleared his throat nervously.
“Um, well, after Charlotte died, Casey kind of went over the edge. He started drinking even more than he did before, and lost his job. His wife left him and took their two baby girls with her. Then he became homeless. To survive, he started squatting in the houses he’d worked in, and robbing some of the others. He got busted and sent to prison for seven years.”
Across the table, Connor saw Roxy shudder.
“Anyway,” he continued, “he knows I was in the house, in another wing, that day, and that I had no way of knowing what was happening to Charlotte. Our house was being renovated at the time, and parts of the roof weren’t finished. There was a hellacious rainstorm that afternoon. Water gushed through the tarp on the top of the house and soaked the closet ceiling, which made it collapse.
Charlotte was crushed and suffocated under a mountain of clothes and accessories.
“But like I said, I was unaware of all this. I was downstairs in my office working, and Charlotte was upstairs in the master bedroom closet. Later that afternoon, Casey came back from Home Depot and found her, buried under all the stuff in her closet. It was one helluva trauma for all of us.
“I admit, both deaths were strange and screwy,” Connor remarked, taking a deep breath. “My wives’ families and the cops were all over me in both cases. But I walked away, scot-free. There was no proof, no evidence, no motive, and therefore, no case. But, still, people gossiped, and my life has gone into a kind of free-fall because of what happened in 2003 and 2007. Case in point: your parents, their detective, and our almost-wedding at Caesar’s in 2017.
“I told Maggie and Casey that you ran away because of Annie and Charlotte’s deaths,” Connor went on. “I guess you were scared that I was somehow involved. They both felt sorry for me because they know I’m not. And they’re ready, willing, and able to talk to you, anytime, to vouch for me.”
Roxy was impressed with all Connor had done to find key witnesses who could affirm he didn’t kill his first two wives, when he didn’t even know if, or when, she would return. It showed a level of faith in her, and their love, that she, quite frankly, wished she’d had on their wedding day.
“Maybe someday I’ll talk to both of them, but it isn’t necessary right now. I believe in your innocence,” Roxy reassured him. “I’m sorry you went through all that pain and agony with both deaths. I just wish you had told me while we were dating—before we got engaged and were about to be married. What was I supposed to think when I learned all this one hour before our wedding?”
“I’m sorry, babe. A million times over, I’m sorry,” Connor said, hanging his head. “If I could do it all over again, I’d tell you early on. But hindsight is always 20/20, right?”
“Right,” Roxy concurred, patting his hand. Then, as Connor sat quietly sipping his wine, she went on some more about her grueling four months on the Fleck Farm. There were grim details on the endless chores, horrible food, and physical and mental abuse. Connor was appalled and furious that she’d had to endure all that. His only consolation was knowing that the vicious Flecks and their loony-tunes aunt had all drawn long prison sentences.
Over coffee and dessert, Roxy made a point of explaining to Connor that it wasn’t just him she was running from, but also her overbearing, meddlesome parents. He was sympathetic, but still seemed crushed that she had bolted.
“You could have shown a little more faith in me and hung around to hear my side of the story,” he told her.
“I’m sorry, Connor,” Roxy said, looking down. “My mom and dad tried to run my life from day one. Hiring that private detective to investigate your background was just too much. I couldn’t take it anymore. And I was truly shocked and alarmed by your past. I didn’t know what to do, marry you or not. There was no time to think, so I panicked and ran.
“And then I got swept up in this strange, new roller-coaster existence and it just kept rushing along. New jobs, new people, new places and challenges. I had no idea it would turn out like it did.”
“Well, Rox, I’m sorry you felt the need to run and hide from me and your parents,” Connor said, patting her hand. “I’m sorry you went through such an ordeal on that farm. But most of all, I’m sorry we didn’t get married in January 2017, and now it’s two years later and you’re engaged to someone else.”
“Connor, it’s a lot to work through, I know,” Roxy said softly. “We can talk more tomorrow. Let’s just relax right now. It’s been quite a day.”
Connor and Roxy’s epic, three-hour dinner was satisfying on many levels. Sitting side by side at the elegant table, they had enjoyed every moment in this intimate setting. Neither had felt normal, or whole, for so long, and now there was a sense of closure, of completeness, and genuine comfort. Finally, they could both exhale.
Later, with directions from Roxy, Connor drove her home in his silver Lexus SUV rental. It had been a high-intensity dinner, and the occasion now called for tact and decorum. At least Connor thought so. After a sweet goodnight kiss in the car, Roxy trotted up to her apartment and disappeared inside. Then, after sitting in his car for a minute or two, hoping that she would rush back out to him, or that he would get out and run up to her, Connor quietly backed out of the driveway and returned to the Strip.

* * * * Chapter 19 * * * *
The next day, Connor showed up, mid-morning, at Roxy’s door. While rustling up pancakes, she showed him around and prattled on about work.
After noticing the silver SUV in the driveway, a curious Jake knocked on Daisy’s door. She invited him in and introduced him to Connor.
“I think you two spoke on the phone recently,” she said, smiling coyly as they shook hands.
To everyone’s relief, that meeting, and the rest of the morning, went smoothly. Daisy was gratified that Jake had called Connor. It had, ultimately, made things easier. And Connor seemed to understand the whole drama she was now living through.
As the trio tucked into their flapjacks at Daisy’s small dining room table, her cell rang. It was Logan, of course, checking in. With a tinge of anxiety, Daisy excused herself from the table while Jake and Connor poured more coffee, passed the syrup, and made polite chit-chat.
As Daisy and Logan chatted, he could hear voices in the background. She had to tell him she had company. As best she could, she explained that Jake had called Connor to break the news of their impending nuptials because he felt her former fiance had a right to know.
When Logan heard Connor was in Vegas, he reacted with awkward silence followed by sighs of disbelief and bewilderment. The macho deputy was boiling mad, too. He was immediately seized with the urge to tear down to Vegas and give Connor a taste of his own justice, Pahrump style. But he couldn’t do it. He was working a 10-hour shift that day, and the next, too.
“That dude has a helluva lot of nerve flying out here without any advance warning,” Logan fumed. “He should have at least called to let you know he was coming. I should be there to protect you and make sure he doesn’t pull any bullshit.”
“Logan, everything’s fine,” Daisy interrupted. “I feel better, more at peace, knowing he’s aware of everything up front. I still care for him. After all, we dated for two years and were engaged for six months. He has a right to know my plans.”
Logan listened to his fiancée, but he was not a happy camper. When he hung up he was still smoking with rage. But he had to go. Law enforcement business never waits for a rural deputy, even when he thinks he’s been hoodwinked.
Meanwhile, back at the breakfast table, Jake invited Connor and Daisy to a matinee performance of his comedy show, Enough Of Me Already, at Paris. Daisy was thrilled to accept since she didn’t have to be at work till later that night. Jake provided tickets for VIP-front-row seats in the sold-out theater, and the formerly-engaged couple laughed nonstop for an hour and a half at his antics and jokes.
Afterwards, Connor and Daisy grabbed a quick bite at a burger place in New York New York. Then she scurried off to work at Planet, and he hunkered down in the Excalibur casino to do battle with a battalion of one-armed bandits.
That night, as Daisy and Crystal changed into their uniforms in Planet’s locker room, Crystal made only one comment about Connor, “He’s cute and seems really nice.” She knew all about his first two wives’ deaths, and why Daisy had run from their wedding in 2017.
“Logan’s a great guy, but Connor seems crazy about you,” she told Daisy as they shimmied into their pink mini-dresses and tied on their black-and-white polka-dot aprons. “Maybe you should postpone your wedding and see if there’s a rekindling in the works.”
“Crystal, you’re crazy, a hopeless romantic! There’s no way that’s going to happen,” Daisy laughed.
“Just sayin’, when it comes to love, you never know,” Crystal retorted. “Keep me posted on any new developments, girlfriend.”
“What are you talking about?” Daisy said with a smile, rolling her eyes. “There aren’t going to be any new developments.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Crystal shot back as they strode into the dining room.
After her shift, Daisy and Connor had dinner again, this time at an Italian place across the Strip at MGM. They were still catching up on everything that had happened over the past two years. Roxy gagged on her lobster ravioli when Connor casually mentioned that he had been dating an interior decorator named Lori Castle. They had met six months before on a house-flipping project in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park.
“We’re just dating, it’s nothing serious,” he explained a bit awkwardly.
“Oh,” Roxy cracked sarcastically, “sounds wonderful. Tell me more.”
Connor tried to explain the relationship without saying anything that would inflame Roxy or incriminate himself. It wasn’t easy.
“We’re not seeing other people,” he sputtered. “She’s met my folks, and I’ve met hers. They’re bold-face types, you know, in the columns all the time. Lori’s attractive, successful, and a really nice person, but she’s not you and I’m not in love with her.
“It’s hard to find time to be together,” he went on, “but we manage to go out a couple times a week. I didn’t tell her I was coming out here to see you. She knows people who are friends of your parents, and I know you’re still hiding out from them. So I told her what I told everyone else, that I was going to Dallas on business, and then meeting some college buddies from L.A. here in Vegas for the weekend.”
“And she was okay with that?” Daisy asked.
“Not really. But I told her these dudes were important to me and I wanted to see them. She offered to fly out with me, but I shot that idea down fast. She wasn’t happy about that either, but there wasn’t much she could do. I hated lying to her, but I had to.”
Daisy was impressed that Connor felt so strongly about seeing her again that he would lie to the woman he was dating. She nodded casually while attempting to eat, but inside her heart and stomach were churning. She felt pangs of jealousy over this Lori-person, and it scared the hell out of her.
Back in her apartment, Daisy rushed to her computer and Googled, Lori Castle. What she saw distressed her even more: a beautiful, blond socialite and interior-decorator. Talented, thin, and exuding a killer combination of innocence and sophistication that left Daisy reeling.
From her profile, it was obvious that lovely Lori had never had to duck rubber puppies, or retrieve them from a grungy floor in a Circus Circus game arcade. Nor had she ever driven a stripper truck that got hijacked at a traffic light on the Vegas Strip, or served a Junk-in-the-Trunk Burger at Planet Binge. And, lastly, she had never been kidnapped in an armed robbery at a Sin City casino and held for four miserable months as a slave on a dysfunctional alfalfa farm.
Daisy was burning with jealousy and confusion over Lori Castle and her seemingly perfect life. Facebook photos revealed a chic, smiling, bejeweled socialite in a series of designer cocktail dresses, networking and hobnobbing at high-profile charity events. Looking good and doing good. So virtuous and sure of herself, so rational and self-possessed, her life always in perfect order.
A slew of attractive escorts appeared to be at the ready, none of them as handsome or accomplished as Connor. Daisy couldn’t tell how he felt about Lori, or, for that matter, how he even felt about her. But he did spring a special request on her over dinner that second night.
“I haven’t been this happy since we were together,” he confided in a way that completely charmed and disarmed her. “Can’t you postpone your wedding just a few months? Don’t you think we owe it to ourselves to figure this thing between us out—before a wedding takes place? Marriage is a sacred lifetime commitment. You need to be sure. Take your time, babe, and do the right thing.”

* * * * Chapter 20 * * * *
That last sentence was all Daisy could think of the next day. And now, for the first time since Connor had arrived in Vegas, she was actually considering postponing her wedding to Logan. Feelings of guilt, sadness, and confusion wracked her heart and mind. RaeLynn had done so much to make her upcoming nuptials a beautiful, heartfelt, joyous occasion. How could she negate all that and let everyone down?
Of course, it would be awful to hurt Logan and RaeLynn. But wouldn’t that be better than going through with the wedding and honeymoon, and, six months later, realizing she had made a huge mistake?
And what about children? Once she had one or two babies, that would be it. She and Logan would be a family, and RaeLynn a grandmother. Her fate would be sealed. It would be more complicated to leave. And Connor, of course, might go on to marry Lori, who looked like quite a catch. How would Roxy handle that?
Her feelings were all over the map. By the time Logan finally managed to get some time off and could barrel down to Vegas to see his beautiful, confused fiancée, Connor had been in town for five full days. Serious damage had already been done to the engagement, and he wasn’t thinking of leaving anytime soon.
With the wedding countdown at 10 days, Logan wheeled up to Daisy’s apartment in his red SUV late one Wednesday morning. The minute he walked in, wearing jeans, a rustic brown sweater, and a black leather jacket, he took Daisy in his arms and smothered her with kisses. With his body melting into hers, an excited, turned-on Logan wanted to whisk her off to the bedroom right then and there. But his mind told him otherwise. First, he needed to find out where he stood.
“Daisy, what is your former fiance doing out here?” he asked, throwing his hands up. “Have you been going out with him?”
“Well, um, yes,” Daisy answered sheepishly. “We’ve had dinner a few times and walked around the Strip. I’m about to marry you, and there were things we needed to discuss.”
“What things?” Logan asked, his voice rising. “What are you talking about? How can you possibly trust him after what happened to his first two wives? And what about us? What’s going on with you?”
Daisy was devastated to hear him talking like this, so blunt, angry, and uncertain. In a soft but firm voice, she explained that Connor had burrowed back into his past and unearthed two key witnesses who could affirm his innocence in the deaths of his wives. But Logan wasn’t buying it.
“He’ll say or do anything to get you back,” he scowled. “Connor the con-artist strikes again. He’s not trustworthy, Daisy, and he may be dangerous. Why are you still seeing him? Why didn’t you send him packing the day he got here?”
“I just couldn’t,” she sputtered, shaking her head. “There’s a lot of history, and we needed to catch up on everything that’s happened to us in the past two years. After we talked, I felt guilty that I panicked and ran from Caesar’s one hour before our wedding. He does have a point. Maybe I should have stuck around and listened to his side of the story.”
“I can’t believe you’re saying this!” Logan shot back, throwing his hands up. “I’m a cop. I see this stuff all the time and I have great instincts. My gut tells me this dude is full of shit! Connor’s a rich boy who’s used to getting what he wants—and he wants you. But once he gets you, you’ll be in the same boat with his first two wives. Do you want to end up dead? I’m older than you, Daisy, and I’ve been around the block a few times. I know his type.”
“Logan, no!” Daisy cried, “You may know Connor’s type, but I know Connor. He’s a good man who went through a lot of tragedy. Yes, there’s some darkness in his past, but we all have our good and bad sides.
“Good and bad sides!” Logan yelled. “That’s minor stuff like parking tickets and texting while driving, not the possible murder of two wives. Connor has already twisted your judgment and gotten you back on his side.”
“Logan, why do you make everything sound like an episode of Law and Order?” an exasperated Daisy asked. “Ease up, will you? This is my life, not some cop show!”
That comment incensed the lanky lawman even further. Shaking his head, he asked the all-important question, “So what are you going to do, Daisy? This is killing me. We’re getting married on the 19th. My mom is stressing out over wedding details, and now everything looks uncertain. I need to know what you’re thinking.”
“Logan, please don’t pressure me. I’m not some suspect you’re grilling at the station,” Daisy answered, her voice wobbling a bit. “As far as I’m concerned, I’ll become Mrs. Logan McCabe on January 19TH, and we’re flying off to Hawaii the next day for our honeymoon.”
Logan sighed with relief and instantly brightened.
“That’s my girl,” he said, wrapping his strong, muscular arms around her. “We’ve been happy these past nine months,” he whispered in her ear, “and we’re going to be even happier once we’re married. I swear you’ll never regret it, Dais. I’ll make you the happiest girl on earth. Just stay with me. I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone. I can’t imagine my life without you.”
With tears in her eyes, Daisy said, “I love you, too. I’m sorry my background is so complicated. Maybe you’d be better off with a sweet, young Pahrump girl who works in a nail salon or 7-Eleven.”
“I don’t want a sweet, young Pahrump girl who works at the local strip mall,” Logan retorted. “I want you!”
“I want you, too,” Daisy said in a breathy voice, nestling tightly in Logan’s arms. And then suddenly they were tumbling onto the couch, writhing around, kissing passionately, tearing each other’s clothes off, making wild, passionate love. Afterwards, they clung together for a long time, savoring the nearness of each other as they listened to the calm ticking of a nearby clock.
That afternoon the blissed-out couple took in a movie and enjoyed a late lunch at their favorite diner. Then Logan drove back to Pahrump to work the night shift while Daisy showed up at Planet for another round of crudeness and craziness.

* * * * Chapter 21 * * * *
Connor had planned to leave Vegas on Friday, January 11th, but he decided to extend his stay because he couldn’t figure out what was going on with Roxy. His old love seemed to be going cray-cray on him once more. Would she bolt again on the eve of her wedding to Logan, or go through with her nuptials to the tin-badge cop? It sounded like a grade B soap, or a new parlor game where all the players are making up the rules as they go along.
Now that he had found Roxy again, engaged or not, Connor couldn’t leave Sin City. For the moment, he would double-down on his dreams of a happily-ever-after with her, and keep his construction company in Chicago running by e-mail, phone, and fax. It seemed to be working so far. His family, friends, and colleagues still thought he was working in Dallas and weekending in Vegas with L.A. pals.
As for Logan, he was pulling plenty of double and over-time shifts so he could get time off for the wedding and honeymoon. While finalizing plans for a romantic, week-long trip to Hawaii, he felt a knot in his stomach that had been there since the day Connor arrived in Vegas. RaeLynn tried to comfort and reassure him, but that only worked for so long.
As for Daisy, it was business as usual for the misbegotten waif-woman. She was keeping the rest of the world aflutter while moving blithely along at her own clip, working at Planet, hanging out with Crystal, dining with Connor, and going through the motions of a bride-to-be.
Every night at 11, her former fiance would show up at Planet’s smudged-glass doors and wait like a puppy-dog for Roxy’s shift to be over. Then he would whisk her off to dinner. While the cuisine was first-rate, the circumstances left him cold. Reading Roxy’s helter-skelter mind was more challenging than spooning through a family-size bowl of Spaghetti Carbonara at Carmine’s in Caesar’s.
Out in Pahrump, Logan was also groping in the dark when it came to gauging his fiancée’s true desires. Had he known that she and Connor were just down the road, cutting a wide swath through some of Sin City’s finest eateries, he would have been livid.
Once or twice, he made it to Vegas to see Daisy, but their moments together were brief and focused on the endless details to be sorted out while planning a wedding and honeymoon. Daisy’s new bridal gown had been altered to accommodate a dollop of weight loss from all the stress and anxiety. The vintage-lace stunner was now finished, hanging in Daisy’s closet, and ready to go to Pahrump with her and Crystal on Friday the 18th.
That night there would be a rehearsal dinner at Buffalo Bill’s Chowhouse for the bride, groom-to-be, and numerous guests, including RaeLynn, T.J., Zeena, and Jake and his parents. It was the best eatery in Pahrump, and Logan would pick up the tab.
The ceremony would be the next morning at 11. Everyone would then reconvene in RaeLynn’s tented backyard for a catered luncheon-reception, featuring a live band and dancing. Other highlights would be the cutting of a four-tiered coconut-cream wedding cake, and the bouquet-toss later in the afternoon.
Logan and Daisy would spend their first night as a married couple in the honeymoon suite of a recently built Marriott on the outskirts of Pahrump. Bright and early the next morning, they would drive to Vegas to catch a non-stop flight to Hawaii.
And so it was full-steam ahead for the McCabe/Carter nuptials. Every last detail had been pored over and finalized. With a little luck, the whole thing would go off without a hitch, and Daisy Carter would spend the rest of her life living happily ever after in Pahrump as Mrs. Logan McCabe.

* * * * Chapter 22 * * * *
Two days before her wedding, Roxy met Connor for their final dinner date. The setting was a quiet corner table in Demimonde, a dimly-lit French Bistro in Bellagio. As they savored succulent confit de canard and warm cauliflower-and-goat-cheese souffles, Connor made an announcement that rocked Daisy’s world.
“Lori has been asking to come out and spend a few days with me,” he casually mentioned. “I didn’t want her to because of us, but since you’re leaving tomorrow to marry the cop, I told her to pack her bags. She’s flying in tomorrow. We’ll have a long weekend here and go back to Chicago on Tuesday.”
“Really, Connor?” Roxy asked, staring at him. “You and Lori, here in Vegas? I’m stunned. I didn’t think you two were that close. Have you ever spent time with her out of town before? Could you spill some details, please?”
“Um, sure, yeah,” he answered defensively. “Last November we went back east to her sister’s house on Long Island for Thanksgiving. It was a very cool five days. And last summer we flew to Atlanta for an interior design expo. Another great trip.”
“Oh, I had no idea you two had done all that,” a suddenly sullen Roxy responded. “Why does she have to come out here now, with all that’s going on? It will just add to the chaos. Maybe she should wait for a calmer, more convenient time.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Connor bristled. “In two days you’re getting married, and on Sunday you’re leaving for Hawaii. Meanwhile, what about me? Unless I come to your wedding, which I don’t think is a good idea, I’m out in the cold.
“You’re going to start a new life and I have to get on with mine. Lori is coming out, dammit. I’m going to spend time with her right here in Vegas.”
“Connor, I’m serious,” Roxy said, her voice growing louder and more shrill. “I don’t want her in this town.”
“Why?” he demanded. “What possible reason could you have? What nerve! Are you jealous? If you are, it could be a sign. There’s still time, Rox. You skipped out once. Why not do it again? Postpone these nuptials, babe. Do it!”
“No!” Roxy cried. ”That would be so hurtful and irresponsible. It would devastate Logan and his mom. I can’t do that.”
“You’re not doing this dude, or his mom, any favors by marrying him while you still have feelings for me. It will just get more screwed up after the wedding.”
And so it went, on and on. Like a lousy badminton match, with each side swatting down the other. But neither of them could score any points. Connor insisted that Lori should fly out the next day, and Roxy couldn’t convince him otherwise. And Roxy insisted she should go ahead with her wedding to Logan, and Connor couldn’t change her mind. It was a stalemate. By the time the Cherries Jubilee were being wheeled to the table, nothing had been resolved.
The next day, Lori did fly in. She was ecstatic to see the boyishly handsome Connor waiting for her at the airport. With her long blond tresses cascading around her shoulders, she looked stunning in a black suede coat, jeans, and a cherry-red sweater.
After cabbing it to the Bellagio, her bags were whisked up to Connor’s suite. They planned to see a show that night and take an aerial tour of Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon the next day. Lori had never been to Vegas before, and, as an interior designer, she was eager to check out the styling and decor in some of the more opulent resorts.
Meanwhile, that same Friday afternoon, a still-stewing Roxy delicately wrapped her wedding gown in tissue paper, packed a suitcase for Hawaii, and headed for Pahrump with maid-of-honor Crystal, in Crystal’s battered old Toyota.
RaeLynn had reserved a double room at the Holiday Inn for the pair. Crystal’s reporter boyfriend, Sam, would be her date at the wedding, but he couldn’t leave Vegas till the next morning. He was in his Review-Journal office, writing a story on deadline for Sunday’s paper. Though Crystal was disappointed, she welcomed the opportunity to spend some girl-time with Daisy.
The wine-saturated rehearsal dinner at Buffalo Bill’s Chowhouse was lively and festive, with the smothered chimichanga burritos mercifully kept off the menu for the special occasion. Her mind ablaze with conflicting thoughts, Daisy struggled to maintain her outer composure while sipping glass after glass of sweet Desert Blush, compliments of the Pahrump Valley Winery.
Sitting beside her at the long oak table was Logan, looking dapper in a charcoal-gray suit with a pale-blue shirt and lavender silk tie. The smile never left his face as he was warmly toasted by his mom, brother, and close friends. Crystal, resplendent in cobalt-blue, teared up while hoisting a glass to BFF Daisy, who was sexy and glamorous in red lace.
In a brief, moving speech, Crystal reminisced about the long, tortuous road they had traveled to get to this night. Then RaeLynn, sexy and chic in a pink silk dress-and-jacket ensemble, tearfully welcomed Daisy into the family as the daughter she’d never had. There wasn’t a dry eye in the house.
After dinner, everyone streamed into Buffalo Bills’ parking lot. Logan, who had walked Daisy out, kissed her sweetly.
“I’ll be missing you tonight,” he whispered seductively in her ear. “You’re going to be the prettiest bride this town has ever seen. I can’t wait for our first dance as husband and wife. Sleep tight, beautiful.”
Stretching upward and wrapping her arms around his neck, Daisy kissed him again.
“I will,” she murmured. “Tomorrow’s going to be perfect, like something out of a fairy tale. Goodnight, darling.”
As he walked away, she smiled and waved at everyone while calling out cordially, “I’ll see you tomorrow.” Then both girls piled into Crystal’s faded yellow car and cruised out of the parking lot, back to the Holiday Inn.
Their spacious room was plain and basic, with two queen-size beds and a big-screen TV. This was the first night they’d spent together since the time of their rescue, and they were both looking forward to some cozy, intimate girl talk. Every night before they lapsed into sleep on the farm, that was the drill. So it was only fitting that this night, after they brushed their teeth and washed their faces, they would open the floodgates once again to let the truth flow.
“Crystal,” Daisy confided, as they lay propped on a plethora of pillows on their beds in the semi-darkness, “I’ve got to get this off my mind or I’m going to burst. This weekend, Connor’s back in Vegas with a girlfriend from Chicago. I can’t stop thinking about the two of them together in his hotel room. Even during dinner, while you, Logan, and RaeLynn were toasting me, my mind was on Connor and the girl he’s with. It’s totally freaking me out. Why? What’s happening to me? How can I marry Logan when I feel like this?”
After pausing for a moment, Crystal replied softly, “Dais, maybe you need to rethink this wedding. You haven’t been the same since Connor came to town. You always seemed so sure of your feelings for Logan. Now, you’re up in the air and uncertain. I didn’t want to bring it up, but since you asked, that’s what I think.”
Springing out of her bed, Daisy dashed over to Crystal’s, where she perched on the edge.
“What should I do?” she asked plaintively.
Crystal sat bolt upright. She was concerned for Daisy. A pause and a deep breath later, she laid out a plan.
“First thing tomorrow, call Logan and tell him you need to postpone the wedding. I know it will be hard, but just do it. Tell him you’re sorry, but they need to cancel everything and someone else can take the trip to Hawaii. It’s January, so that shouldn’t be a problem.”
“That will break Logan’s heart!” Daisy cried. “It would be horrible for him, and RaeLynn, too.”
“It’s your life or theirs’. You know that, don’t you?” Crystal replied, looking Daisy in the eye. “Tell him you need at least six months. Sure, it will be a huge shock, but marriage is a big step. We’re talking the rest of your life here. You can’t go into it if you’re this torn up over Conner and the other girl.
“After you tell Logan,” Crystal went on, “I’ll help you pack your stuff and we’ll drive back to Vegas. You won’t have to see him, his mom, or anyone else, okay? But tomorrow morning, you need to call him, first thing.”
“I can’t believe this!” Daisy said, shaking her head. “Two years ago I ran out on my wedding to Connor, and now I’m about to do the same thing to Logan. Except this time, it’s a few hours before the ceremony instead of one, and we’re talking postponement instead of cancellation.
“I keep thinking about that tarot card reading we did with Zeena right after Thanksgiving,” Daisy went on. “She said your future love life was all hearts and flowers, while mine had a big, dark cloud over it. Maybe this is what she meant? Maybe this is the big, dark cloud?”
“Don’t say that!” Crystal cried, gripping her friend’s arm. “You can’t put that much stock in some stupid tarot-card reading. Anything can happen. It could still work out for you and Logan down the line.”
Daisy sighed.
“Maybe,” she said softly, “but if I marry him in six months, it’ll be a small, quickie ceremony. No more big weddings for me, ever. This cancellation and postponement stuff sucks. RaeLynn has been working on wedding plans nonstop since November. She’ll be crushed, and so will Logan. How can I do this to them after all they’ve done for me? It’s like a knife to the heart.”
“Well, hurting them now may be hard,” Crystal answered, “but it’s better in the long run. If you go through with the wedding, you might regret it for years, maybe the rest of your life. And Logan and his mom will know you’re not happy. Every day of your life, you’ll be living a lie. It will poison everything.
“You still have feelings for Connor, that’s the problem,” she explained. “You need to spend time with him, figure out if you want him or Logan. Give yourself six months, then see how you feel.”
“What if Connor doesn’t want me?” a bewildered, vulnerable Daisy asked. “What if he wants Lori, or someone else? What if I end up with nobody?”
“You’re not going to end up with nobody!” Crystal assured her. “Connor will be ecstatic to hear you’re postponing your wedding. It’s the reason he came out here in the first place, right?”
“Um, well yes, I guess so. But it’s going to be so awkward to call him and tell him about the delay,” Daisy said softly. “It puts the ball in his court.”
“Well, from what I’ve seen, that’s where he wants it,” Crystal replied. “I think he’ll be the happiest dude on earth when he hears this.”
Daisy smiled, but she was still a nervous wreck.
Nodding and taking Crystal’s arm, Daisy cooed, “Thanks, sweetie, love you. What would I do without you? You’re my best friend forever and ever, the sister I never had.”
“I love you too, Daisy-Roxy. That’s the thing: you’re still Roxy Drake inside. That’s so confusing, isn’t it? You loved Connor as Roxy, but then you became Daisy and fell for Logan. So give yourself a break. Anyone would be confused.”
“Thanks for trying to make sense of all this,” Daisy sighed.
The two girls hugged and said good night. Within seconds, Crystal was in dreamland, but Daisy didn’t sleep a wink. She couldn’t relax, or feel any sense of peace, until she talked to Logan.

* * * * Chapter 23 * * * *
Glancing at the clock radio on the nightstand at 5 AM, Daisy instantly thought of Ned the rooster. Where was that ruffled, pugnacious, cock-of-the-yard menace now, she wondered, and who were the poor souls being roused by his shrill, piercing cackles?
Unable to face the day just yet, Daisy nestled more deeply in the warm, soft blankets, buried her head in her pillows, and tried to sleep. But the coming showdown with Logan permitted no such respite.
Two sleepless hours later she got up, threw on a robe, and gazed out the dirt-smudged window at the winter scape of this lonely town on the prairie. It was barely light and there were few signs of life except the occasional trucker, fueled up on a tall stack of pancakes and a full tank of gas, easing his jumbo rig out of the parking lot and onto the four-lane highway. If only she could make such a getaway herself, Daisy thought.
Crystal woke up at eight. After murmuring a greeting to Daisy, she turned over, reached for her cell, and called Sam to let him know the wedding was off.
“Something came up. I can’t talk about it now,” she explained in an awkward, hush-hush tone. “I’ll tell you more tonight, over dinner. If you can, get us an 8:00 reservation at Demimonde. Talk to you later.” After the brief call, she eased herself out of bed and trooped to the shower.
Now Daisy’s big moment had arrived. There was no turning back, no avoiding it. With a heavy heart, she dialed her fiance-in-waiting, shuddering as his phone rang. After just two rings, Logan eagerly picked up.
“Hey sweetheart, happy wedding day,” he chimed when he spotted the hotel’s number on his caller ID. Daisy could hear the elation in his voice. “I missed you last night. Can’t wait to get you all to myself on a deserted beach in Hawaii!” he went on with a warm, flirty laugh.
Like a lump of coal, Daisy’s heart sank. Confused and overwhelmed by the conflicting currents, she said nothing.
“Dais, you still there?” Logan finally asked. “Is everything alright?”
“Um, no, Logan, everything is not alright,” she finally answered, biting her lip. “I can’t marry you today.” The words had a tinny, empty flow, like a line from an old country-western song. Before he could respond, she doubled down on the pain. “I can’t go through with the wedding today. I need more time. Please understand, do you hear me? This is just a postponement.”
“A postponement?” he shot back, his voice suddenly louder and more shrill. “What the hell does that mean? That you need more time to figure out if you want me or your ex?” he asked, almost dreading the answer.
“Logan, please understand,” Daisy said plaintively, “I’ve been through so much these past two years. I want to be sure of who I am when I marry you. I’m not there yet.”
The blow had struck him full-force. The poor guy was down, but she just kept piling on.
“You just don’t get it, do you?” she bristled, “Daisy Carter is also Roxy Drake, and I don’t want to lose her. Spending time with Connor has made me realize that. Please, just give me a few months and we can do this right, with both of us confident and sure when we walk down the aisle.”
“Dais, don’t do this. Not on our wedding day!” Logan pleaded.
“I’m sorry, but it’s the right thing,” she said sadly. “I’m just not ready. For me to go through with this would be wrong.”
“Well, why don’t you come over here and make this big announcement to my mom, everyone camped out at my house, and then to the 60 people showing up later? We’re supposed to walk down the aisle in three hours. Mom will be totaled, you know, after everything she’s done.”
“Yeah, I know,” Daisy murmured. This is what she dreaded, the blame, the finger-pointing, the heaping on of guilt. “I feel terrible about all the work she put into this. I hope she can cancel everything and get the money back.”
“Daisy, get real, it’s too late for that!” Logan snapped. “The cake and flowers are here. The tent is up. The caterers are at the front door.”
“I’m so sorry,” Daisy said tearfully. “I’ll reimburse your mom for all of it, I swear. What about the honeymoon? Has it been paid for?”
“Nice of you to ask. Of course, every penny went on my Visa. We’re supposed to leave for Kauai tomorrow morning. What are we going to do now?”
“Um, I don’t know,” Daisy sputtered. “Maybe your mom can go with Frank. It would be a nice thank-you after all she’s done.”
“No, again,” Logan raged, venting his fury at her. “Mom would never be able to get ready on time. And Frank has to work, so he can’t go either.”
“What about T.J. and Zeena?” Daisy asked.
“Both of them have jobs,” Logan said curtly. “They can’t just pick up on the spur of the moment and fly to Hawaii for a week.”
“Well, maybe you can go with someone else.”
“Like who?” Logan asked.
“I don’t know, what about Charlie?” Daisy wondered. “You two would have fun over there.”
“This is so bizarre,” Logan fumed. “I don’t want to go to Kauai with Charlie, or anyone else. I don’t think I would enjoy it very much. This is our honeymoon we’re talking about, not some spring-break fling!”
“Logan, I’m sorry,” Daisy repeated. “I’ll pay you back half of all expenses, I promise. Please understand what I’m doing is for both of us. I need to figure some things out before I can walk down the aisle with you.”
“So, what are you going to do now? Go back to con-man Connor and move to Chicago?”
“No!” Daisy cried. “That’s not it at all. I’m not doing this for Connor. I’m doing it for me: Daisy Carter and Roxy Drake. Daisy needs to get to know Roxy, and find out who she is, what’s in her heart and mind. I’m not planning to leave Vegas anytime soon.”
Logan sighed. Daisy could just imagine him standing there in the kitchen in his jeans and a tee shirt, running his hand through his thick brown hair in frustration and disgust, as he hunched over the yellow wall phone.
“Look, Daisy, I have to go,” he said abruptly. “Mom needs to know what’s going on so she can start calling people to tell them the wedding’s off. I’ll call Pastor Morrison and try to explain it in some way that makes sense, although I have no idea what that will be. I’ve got to go, bye.”
She hated to end the call with tension, but there was no other way. Logan was hurt, angry, and confused. Of course he had a right to be. It was all a big, raging mess, and Daisy felt terrible. But she couldn’t let that get in the way. She had to be true to what she wanted and how she felt.
Yes, Daisy was in agony, but somewhere within her there was also a huge surge of relief that she wasn’t marrying Logan that day. Since Connor had bounced back into her life, she hadn’t been able to focus on the lanky lawman the way she once had. But she still wasn’t sure of anything. Now she would have the time to sort it all out.
Soon after Daisy hung up, she dialed Jake’s cell and told him what was happening, and that she’d be returning to Vegas later that day. He tried to hide his euphoria and quickly replied that he would relay the news to his parents. Then he insisted that Daisy come home right away and join the three of them for lunch, and then dinner that night, so she wouldn’t be alone. Too frazzled to give him a firm answer, Daisy thanked him politely and hung up.
Drained after the calls, she fell back on her bed and buried her head in the pillows. She was deeply distressed now, wracked with guilt and uncertainty about her future. She didn’t know what her next move would be, in her life, or even that day. Then a freshly showered Crystal, swathed in a white terry-cloth robe, bounded out of the bathroom with dripping-wet hair.
“Did you call Logan?” she asked, staring at her obviously upset friend.
“Yes, and he’s really pissed,” Daisy answered, shaking her head weakly. “He acted like he was okay, but I don’t think so. I think this will break his heart, and RaeLynn’s, too. It’s so sad and messed up. I used to be Roxy Drake, the girl with all the answers. Then I became Daisy Carter, a sad, pathetic creature who doesn’t know which end is up. What the hell happened to my life?”
Plopping down on the bed beside Daisy, Crystal wrapped an arm around her.
“You did the right thing, Dais, even though it hurts like hell right now,” she told her gently. “You’ll see, it will all work out. People get hurt like this all the time. It’s par for the course on the love-go-round. Embrace the pain, sweetie, and take it one day at a time. There’s always Connor.”
The frazzled fiancee shook her beautiful, blond head.
“Don’t remind me,” she said, throwing her hands up. “He’s with what’s-her-name this weekend, and I have no idea how it’s going. Maybe they’re having a 24/7 shag-a-thon. Will we ever get back to where we were before I bolted from Caesar’s?”
“It will all work out, Dais, I promise,” Crystal said reassuringly. “Why don’t you go in now and take a shower. We’ll pack the car and high-tail it out of here.”
Trudging to the bathroom, Daisy nodded in agreement.
Two hours later, she was lugging her new Samsonite carry-on, crammed with sexy honeymoon intimates, to Crystal’s battered yellow Toyota and heaving it in the trunk. Giddy dreams of fun in the sun with Logan would now be only idle thoughts.
Crystal laid her teal-velvet maid-of-honor dress, that was only half paid for, on the back seat, along with Daisy’s voluminous lace gown. The interior of the small sedan suddenly seemed engulfed by poufy dresses. Nestled in the trunk was a blue-velvet case holding the headpiece and flowing white chiffon veil Daisy would have worn with her gown.
Mid-morning, the girls, clad in jeans, sweaters, and leather jackets, left the hotel and drove to a nearby IHOP for breakfast. Both of them ordered heavy, tall buckwheat stacks. Crystal wolfed hers down with gobs of butter and syrup, but Daisy was too glum to even think about food and merely nibbled.
As the girls ate, Crystal tried to comfort and reassure Daisy. Then they gabbed about the Fleck Farm. Both were curious about what had become of it. Crystal suggested they take a drive out there before they left Pahrump. What better tonic for a morning of broken hearts and shattered dreams than a brief visit to the scene of the crime?
Speeding across the brush-covered backwater of Nye County with a dirty, creased map they’d picked up at a gas station, the girls had mixed feelings about returning to their old haunt. On the one hand, there was interest and curiosity, on the other, revulsion and dread.
Their edgy thoughts gave the twosome chills as they motored through the barren, cocoa-colored landscape and onto the once-fertile, 500-acre alfalfa spread known as the Fleck Farm.
Cruising up the driveway, they passed a series of no-trespassing signs, chained gates, and other terse warnings. Finally, they reached the old, frame house, with its torn siding and frayed shutters, and parked.
Silent and with heavy hearts, they trudged towards the front porch. The house’s main door, and all its windows, were pad-locked and boarded. No signs of life.
Back down the steps they trooped. Strolling to the barn, they ambled inside. The pig pen was empty. There was no Ned crowing, no chickens cackling, no goats bleating, no horses baying. Only a scrawny black-and-white cat that squeezed out of a hole in the rotted floorboards. Meowing softly, she greeted Daisy and Crystal by rubbing her soft back against their legs.
The velvetine feline followed them around the shabby, rotting farm. Nye County now owned every inch of it, and all the animals had been auctioned off to local farms. The barren spread and desolate buildings were a sad, disturbing sight, but the brief visit helped release Crystal and Daisy from the trauma of their four-month ordeal. They could see there was nothing, and no one, holding them here any longer.
Back at the car, Daisy suddenly remembered her first meeting with Logan in the Flecks’ cluttered kitchen during the rescue. Overcome with sadness, she turned to Crystal and murmured, “Maybe we should hit the road.” Crystal nodded in agreement, and the two climbed back in the scruffy old car and took off.
In the passenger seat, Daisy turned and stared forlornly at her long, plush wedding gown sprawled across the backseat. Then she thought of the Vera Wang creation she had planned to wear for her wedding to Connor two years earlier, and how it had ended up in a trash bin at Jake’s. What would become of the current, vintage-lace creation? Would she wear it six months down the road for her wedding to Logan, or end up stuffing it in a Goodwill bin after another lamentable good-bye?

* * * * Chapter 24 * * * *
Back in Sin City, a drifting melancholy, pervasive and persistent, gripped Daisy’s heart and mind for days after she returned from Pahrump. Perpetually attired in a plaid flannel nightgown, she found herself endlessly lying in bed, crying, moaning, snoozing, and staring at the walls.
Every couple of days Crystal would drive in from the Strip with fresh take-out from Planet. There were hearty junk-in-your-trunk burgers, tangy shrimp Shangri-La cocktails, and crispy cluck-cluck chicken wings, all accompanied by heaping mounds of golden fries.
Crystal’s visits brought a ray of sunshine to Daisy’s otherwise dreary days. While they chowed down, she would fill Daisy in on the latest at Planet, and with her and Sam. And then she would nag her BFF to call Connor in Chicago.
“I think about it every day,” Daisy would tell her, “but I’m just not ready. What if he says he’s in love with this Lori-person he’s been dating?”
“Daisy,” Crystal would counter, rolling her eyes, “if he’s so into her, why did he fly out here the day after Jake called him about your marriage plans? You’re got to think positive, girl.”
Daisy listened to every word Crystal said, but she just wasn’t ready. She was too afraid of rejection, plus she was still mourning her relationship with Logan. Everything seemed to overwhelm her. For a while she felt emotionally paralyzed, unable to take any action that would resolve things with either Logan or Connor.
To get Daisy out of the house and away from her troubles, Jake’s mom invited her along on a few outlet-mall shopping binges. It was shopaholic-Sharon’s favorite way to unwind from the pressures of her job, marriage, and life. Daisy was reluctant at first, but, at Jake’s urging, she ultimately agreed to go.
Sharon always treated Daisy to lunch on these fun outings. While the two chowed down at Fatburger in the food court, Sharon would talk up Jake. She was disappointed he didn’t have a girlfriend, and hopeful that something would evolve between him and Daisy. These conversations always made Daisy uncomfortable. Sitting across from Sharon, she would nod, smile politely and try to steer the conversation back to shopping.
Speaking of anxious moms, RaeLynn called Daisy from Pahrump In February to announce she’d be in Vegas the following week for her annual visit to her gynecologist. Could Daisy meet her for lunch?
A week later, the two were hugging in the golden-hued entryway of the Mojave Dragon in Planet Hollywood. Daisy was demure in a light-blue denim dress and beige suede jacket. RaeLynn oozed sex appeal in black leather pants and a pink V-neck sweater.
At a corner table, the two made small talk for a few minutes before ordering. While nibbling warm spring rolls with hot sauce, Daisy apologized profusely for all the work RaeLynn had put in on the wedding-that-wasn’t.
“It’s okay, sweetie,” RaeLynn cooed, patting her hand. “We made the best of it and had a nice party with all our closest friends. The food was tasty, and the leftovers went to the women’s shelter. Nothing got wasted.
“Of course, everything would have been a helluva lot more fun if the bride and groom had been there. Logan refused to come without you. But everyone raved about the cake, and the band killed, even though no one danced.”
“Um, I’m glad it all worked out,” Daisy said softly. “Sorry again for the inconvenience. How is Logan doing? I haven’t heard a word from him.”
RaeLynn took a deep breath.
“He’s been sad and out of sorts since the wedding day, but I’m sure it will get better with time. And you are coming back, right?”
“Well, um, yes,” Daisy told her. “I just need some time to sort things out. My gown is still hanging in the closet, all wrapped in tissue paper and ready to go.”
RaeLynn smiled.
“I hope to see you in it soon. You’ll be a beautiful bride. I may not be able to organize the entire wedding the way it was, but anytime you two are ready, I’ll put something together that will do us all proud.”
“Oh, thanks RaeLynn, you’re the best,” Daisy gushed.
Smiling and taking a sip of hot ginger tea, RaeLynn revealed more about Logan.
“He’s putting in a lot of overtime, and spending time with his brother and friends,” she explained, “but he’s not dating. He’s waiting for you. Logan got hurt badly, but he misses you, Daisy. You’re the love of his life. He’s holding out hope, we’re all holding out hope, that you’ll come back soon.”
Now the guilt was washing over Daisy like heavy surf.
“I see you’re still wearing your ring,” RaeLynn noted brightly, glancing across the table.
“Yes, I love it,” Daisy said with a smile. “I can’t picture my finger without it.”
“And Logan can’t picture his future without you,” RaeLynn added, leaning in. “He told me all about your background in Chicago. He said you were one hour from getting married at Caesar’s two years ago, and you ran away. He also filled me in on your ex-fiance. He told me so I’d understand why you wanted more time.
“And I do get it, Daisy,” she went on. “Take your time, honey. Logan loves you and so do I. We only want what’s best for you. But from all I know, you need to go slowly with that ex of yours. Think carefully before jumping back into a relationship with him. I was married to a cop for 25 years, and my son’s one, too. I’ve heard a lot of horror stories about nice girls who got taken in by handsome, smooth-talking con men—and ended up in the cemetery.”
Daisy was taken aback by her comments, and took them seriously. But it didn’t stop her from calling Connor a few days later. When she told him she had postponed her wedding to Logan for six months, he was pleasantly surprised.
“I’m sorry, babe, but also thrilled,” he admitted. “Your life’s been a nonstop roller coaster the past couple of years. How are you handling all this?”
“I’m kind of shell-shocked, but it’s getting easier each day,” Roxy replied.
Sensing that she needed him, Connor asked, “Do you want me to fly out there?”
“Um, yes,” she replied in a hushed, coy tone, a little excited, a little shy. “What’s happening with you and Lori? How’s that going?”
“We’re good,” he replied. “Like I told you when I was out there, it’s casual. She’s busy, I’m busy.”
“That sounds so lame and trite,” Roxy shot back. “Skip the cliché’s and tell me what’s really going on with you two.”
Connor regrouped, suddenly aware his old flame hadn’t lost her kick.
“We see each other a couple of times a week for dinner or the theater,” he explained. “But it’s no great love affair. My heart belongs to someone else.”
“Oh, really, who?” Roxy asked coyly.
“To the girl that got away in January 2017,” he answered with a warm, flirty laugh.
Then he quickly added that he would come to Vegas to see her soon. But he wouldn’t say a word to his family or friends, so Roxy’s whereabouts would remain a secret.
“No worries, babe,” Connor reassured her as they ended their call, “what happens in Vegas will stay in Vegas.”

* * * * Chapter 25 * * * *
Within 48 hours, Connor was winging his way back to Sin City on a crowded Southwest 737. It was late on a Friday afternoon when he checked into a spacious suite at his favorite digs, the ornate, palatial Bellagio.
Daisy was working that night, so once again Connor showed up at Planet Binge around 9 PM and waited till her shift was over. Then they sauntered off to dinner.
She was dressed in a sleek, black silk cocktail dress accessorized with matching four-inch heels. With her long blond hair loose and flowing, she was a show-stopper, exuding Margot-Robbie flair and cool.
Her heart skipped a beat when she kissed her ex hello. He reached for her left hand and was relieved to not find Logan’s engagement ring there. Daisy had removed it that afternoon and stashed it in a fresh slit in her mattress.
Outside the raucous Excalibur, they grabbed a cab. At opulent, sprawling Caesar’s Palace, they showboated into Spago, where money and pizzazz always count. A glorious pre-wedding feast had been savored in this very spot two-and-a-half years before.
Over warm garlic bread and spaghetti with clam sauce, they talked and laughed for half the night, just like the old days. Afterwards, they held hands as they snuggled and strolled around the Strip before catching the last fountain show at Bellagio.
Connor drove Roxy home, and ended up spending the night in her apartment, and, more importantly, in her bed. That night was the first time they’d made love in over two years, and it was dreamy, romantic, and hot. Afterwards, as they lay entwined in each other’s arms, they were both ecstatic, happier than they’d ever been.
One reason, of course, was because this time around, it was just the two of them in this make-believe fantasy world. No parents, friends, or cops to screw things up. Just Roxy and Connor adoring each other and blocking out any unpleasantness, old boyfriends, girlfriends, and fiances included. After all the drama this couple had endured, they deserved every moment of happiness that came their way.
When Connor left to return to Chicago on Monday, both of them were heartbroken. The intensity of their love had been reignited full force, and now it seemed, once again, as if they couldn’t live without each other. And more importantly, wouldn’t want to.
That weekend was a pivotal time that marked the beginning of a real and true second courtship for the couple. From this point on, Connor called Roxy every day and came to Vegas whenever he could. To his friends and family, he simply repeated the refrain that he was going to Dallas on business.
Roxy and Connor’s time together was glamorous, romantic, and exciting. He took her to expensive restaurants, showered her with attention and pretty baubles, scored tickets to hit shows, and surprised her with spur-of-the-moment trips to Jackson Hole and the Grand Canyon. It was a blissful, thrilling, extravagant Vegas courtship.
In May 2019, barely five months after Roxy had postponed her wedding to Logan, Connor popped the question one night as the couple sipped champagne in his suite. Of course it was too soon. But he didn’t want to take the chance of losing her again, and she felt the same. Holding Roxy’s left hand in his, Connor declared in a firm, steadfast voice, “This beautiful ring-finger looks bare, babe. Where’s the two-carat rock I gave you three years ago?”
“You know where,” she replied, laughing, “back in my apartment, tucked in the mattress.”
“Well, I think it’s high time you started wearing it again,” Connor said, reaching over to kiss her as they snuggled on an elegant French love seat. “We should have been married in 2017. It’s been two-and-a-half years of pure hell, but better later than never. Why don’t we get married next month out here, fly to Miami, and take the Caribbean honeymoon we never had? What do you say, babe? A classic June wedding and honeymoon. Are you with me?”
Nestling closer, Roxy laughed. Her heart was pounding. She had lost this amazing man once, and wasn’t about to let it happen again. With tears in her eyes, she leaned towards Connor, caressed his hand, and murmured in his ear, “Yes.” They sealed it with a kiss and more champagne. Then, when they were on the verge of making love, Roxy accepted the proposal again, this time in more detail.
“We’ll get married and go on a honeymoon cruise next month. It sounds like a dream come true. I’ll finally be Mrs. Connor J. Barrington! We can announce it to everyone after the honeymoon, when we move back to Chicago. We’ll have a huge reception and invite everyone we know. We can even get the Palmer House to cater it.”
“Sounds like a plan, babe,” Connor agreed, kissing her again and wrapping his arms around her. This romantic scene was followed up with a night of passionate love-making in Connor’s suite. Their hearts, minds, and bodies were finally in sync, and every moment was dreamy and divine.
The next day the newly engaged couple drove to Daisy’s flat. Inside, she rushed to her bedroom to retrieve Connor’s grandmother’s heirloom pearl strand from her mattress. Then she reached into another slit and fished out Connor’s engagement ring. He was never so happy to see a piece of jewelry in his life!
The elegant, two-carat, princess-cut diamond was soon glistening on Roxy’s finger. It was classic, glamorous, and impossibly sparkly. In a state of giddy joy and gratitude, the couple made love on the bed and fell asleep in each other’s arms.
So it was official: Roxy Drake was once again engaged to Connor J. Barrington. She was spilling over with happiness and wanted to call RaeLynn to share the news. But she decided against it, fearing It would only create more tension. Logan might even drive to Vegas to confront her and Connor. It could end very badly for all three of them, so the call was never made.
Instead Roxy called Crystal, who was ecstatic for her, and couldn’t wait to finally be her maid-of-honor. Jake’s parents toasted the news with champagne, but Jake, once again, hung back out of jealousy.
Roxy promised him she would keep in touch after the honeymoon, once she and Connor had settled in Evanston. Connor had already purchased a turn-of-the-century, red-brick Tudor mansion, and was in the process of remodeling it. Roxy had taken an online tour and couldn’t wait to see it in person.

* * * * Chapter 26 * * * *
Roxy and Connor’s first engagement had been six months long. This one would be much shorter, one month to be exact. After obtaining a marriage license at the Clark County Courthouse, Connor Jared Barrington and Roxanne Nicole Drake tied the knot in a serene, mid-afternoon ceremony at the Bellagio wedding chapel on Friday, June 14, 2019.
Before the wedding, Crystal blew out her BFF’s long, golden locks and applied her MAC make-up in a luxurious dressing-room suite. The results were spectacular. Roxy looked stunning, relaxed, and ready to wed.
The radiant, 27-year-old bride wore a classic, ivory silk taffeta Chanel suit with beaded cuffs, collar, and placket. Her matching pillbox hat had a short, flirty veil. Encircling her swan-like neck was the creamy pearl strand that had been hidden in her mattress for two-and-a-half years. The luminous beads, representing family, tradition, and continuity, had been worn by Connor’s great-grandmother, grandmother, and mother, at their weddings. Roxy was incredibly proud and honored to wear the gleaming pearls; she could picture her and Connor’s daughter walking down the aisle in them some day.
Dapper, 39-year-old Connor was decked out in a three-piece charcoal-gray suit with a white shirt and a blue-and-white daisy-themed tie. Maid-of-honor Crystal was stunning in lavender. And best man, Jake, was formally attired in classic black pin stripes, with a white shirt and daisy-themed tie.
Both Connor and Roxy wanted Jake in the wedding because he was the one who had brought them back together. Jake was reluctant at first, because of his crush on the bride, but he finally agreed. Watching their son proudly from the front row were Jake’s parents, Kip and Sharon Dorito.
Engraved platinum bands from a jewelry store off the Bellagio casino were exchanged. Roxy had tears in her eyes as Connor slipped hers on. For the rest of her life, she would wear it with the princess-cut diamond.
After the vows and rings were exchanged, Connor lifted Roxy’s veil and kissed her to enthusiastic applause. Then a white-suited friend of Jake’s strolled to the altar with a guitar that he proceeded to strum while singing the Hawaiian Wedding Song.
The tasteful, sentimental ceremony went off without a hitch. Afterwards, the 25 guests gathered for an elegant, sit-down lunch in an ornate banquet room. Then there was dancing to a live band, followed by the cutting of the strawberries-and-cream wedding cake. Giggling, the newlyweds fed small squares to each other while smearing some of the sweet stuff on each other’s faces. Every giddy moment was captured by the Bellagio photographer.
At the end of the lively reception, Roxy tossed her bouquet, aiming for Crystal, who caught it, of course. As the two besties hugged, the dishy redhead squealed with delight. Both of them were thrilled at the thought of Crystal walking down the aisle next.
The wedding was small and intimate but opulent. Connor had picked up the tab for everything, including Roxy’s stunning suit. She still had the vintage lace gown she had planned to wear for her nuptials with Logan, but It was far too formal for this wedding. She had thought of taking it back to Eve’s Bridal Boutique for an exchange, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. So Connor sprang for the suit as well as everything else.
The Drake-Barrington nuptials were as calm, sweet, and glam as they could be, under the circumstances. It was a dream-come-true for the newlyweds, who’d traveled a long and winding road to the altar. As they sipped champagne, nibbled cake, danced, and celebrated their special day, they were grateful for the presence of everyone who had filled the pews to join them. But there were many others, of even greater importance, who were noticeably absent, and sorely missed.
RaeLynn, for one. Daisy had never called her to announce her engagement. Also notably absent were Connor’s parents and brothers, who were all back in Denver living their lives, and Roxy’s parents and brother, who were all back in Evanston doing the same. Each of them was blissfully unaware of this momentous occasion in Sin City involving their loved ones. They didn’t even know that Roxy had resurfaced, or that Connor was with her. All of that would be revealed in due course, when the newlyweds returned to the Windy City after their Caribbean honeymoon.
That’s when the hard feelings and recriminations would begin to flow. For now, the couple were determined to put aside all the social niceties, petty gestures, and rules of etiquette that seemed to dictate so much of their lives, and to simply bask in the pleasures of their upcoming eight-day honeymoon cruise. After all they had been through, they planned to relish every moment.

* * * * Chapter 27 * * * *
For their first night of wedded bliss, Connor and Roxy bedded down in a lavish suite at Bellagio. While marveling at the fountain show and Strip 15 floors below, they savored a light, room-service dinner, and then made love on their king-size bed. The sex was very hot and intense—they were both overjoyed at having found each other again and finally making it to the altar.
Early the next morning, the couple cabbed it to the always chaotic McCarran Airport. By 10 AM, Roxy, in a chic, taupe linen pants suit with a black silk top, and Connor, in designer jeans and a cobalt-blue polo shirt, were shuffling onto a crowded Delta flight to Miami. As the plane took off, a joyous, fairytale feeling of happily-ever-after was swirling in both their hearts.
In their first-class seats, the newlyweds snuggled, smooched, and held hands.
“I can’t believe we’re finally taking this honeymoon cruise. Better late than never!” Roxy gushed.
A smiling Connor planted a kiss on his new wife’s cheek.
“Babe, we’ve waited so long for this,” he whispered seductively, “and it was all worth it. This will be the honeymoon of a lifetime!”
All through the flight, the couple were beaming and cooing with such ardor that even the battle-hardened flight attendants took note.
Three hours later, they touched down and checked into the bright, spacious honeymoon suite of the Hilton at Miami International Airport. That night Connor and Roxy savored a romantic dinner in a rustic Brazilian steakhouse. A tour of Little Havana in a chauffeured town car followed. Then they cabbed it to a rocking Coconut Grove club for some hot and spicy salsa dancing.
Back at the hotel, it was a sex-saturated night in the honeymoon suite. After two years apart, Connor and Roxy were still making up for lost time. They made love over and over, unable to get enough of each other. Roxy’s mind was totally trained on Connor, even though she couldn’t resist stealing a few moments here and there to think of Logan. She missed him more than a little. He had been so loving and protective, and made her feel safe and cared for in a way no other man had.
Roxy didn’t dare talk to her new husband about her ex, other than a casual mention here or there. Connor was wildly jealous of Logan. The fact that he and Roxy had been lovers, and had almost gotten married, drove him crazy. He wanted to purge every vestige of the tall, lanky lawman from Roxy’s heart and mind, which, of course, was impossible. Connor was totally in love with Roxy, and now that she was back, he would never let her out of his sight. She tried to feel the same way about him, but she wasn’t quite there yet.
Early on Sunday, the newlyweds ordered breakfast from room-service and quickly repacked their bags. Between bites of warm French toast and crispy bacon strips, Roxy recalled all those dreary early-morning feeds on the Fleck Farm with Wanda and Crystal, where the food was beyond disgusting.
“Anything that doesn’t go into the pig slop,” was how Crystal always put it. And she wasn’t far off. What a contrast, Roxy thought, to the scrumptious fare she was now sampling.
A couple of hours later, the Barringtons were trekking up the gangplank of the massive blue-and-white Norwegian Star. It was 10 o’clock on a bright, breezy Sunday morning.
The clothes they had bought for Roxy in Vegas were packed in classy Louis Vuitton luggage. There were floral-print sundresses; sleek cocktail frocks in black, red, and blue; sexy bikinis; and colorful shorts and tees. Many slinky pieces of lingerie were also included: lace teddies in bold, jewel tones, and pale silk nighties made for taking off fast. The perfect wardrobe for a “hot,” eight-day—and night—Caribbean honeymoon cruise.
Luckily, both newlyweds had their passports in hand. Connor had brought his from Chicago, and Roxy’s was tucked into the zipper compartment of her purse, where it had been the morning she ran out of Caesar’s. As for visas, right after they boarded the ship, the lovebirds each purchased one for $75. So convenient. Armed with a fresh Clark County marriage license and all the proper documents, the couple were good to go.
At noon, the massive Star pulled anchor and slid from its mooring. Aboard the ship, Roxy and Connor were busy checking out their spacious stateroom on the elite C deck, where romance was definitely in the air. Awaiting them was a huge vase of red roses, a bottle of chilled Dom Perignon, and a box of heart-shaped chocolates.
Before unpacking, Roxy and Connor slipped onto their balcony to admire lovely Biscayne Bay. Above them was a deep-blue sky studded with opulent puffs of white clouds. It was hard not to marvel at the scope and majesty of the Miami port, with its craggy shoreline and gaggle of ships with offbeat names and remote flags. All of this grandeur would soon diminish and fade to a blur as the big liner churned its way into the Atlantic.
The newlyweds quickly unpacked and then began snooping around the gigantic ship. After checking out the spa, casino, gym, theater, and shopping areas, Roxy raved, “it’s more like a five-star luxury hotel than a ship!”
“We’ll never be bored, that’s for sure,” Connor agreed, adding an important caveat, “but who needs all these distractions? The focus will be on us!”
That night in the main dining room, the newlyweds feasted on steak and lobster at a table for eight. It was their first night on the Star, and sitting beside them were a fun couple from Madison, Wisconsin with a backstory every bit as catchy as their own.
Lusty-Rusty Jackson, with his headful of wild red curls and bulging paunch, was a mega-popular DJ at rock-radio WMAD. His dishy cruise-mate, Holly Moreno, had long, dark-brown hair, blue eyes, and pale skin, and worked as a waitress in a coffee-shop called Cupcakery, just down the street from WMAD.
In the winter of 2019, 23-year-old Holly had won a bake-sale-contest sponsored by WMAD, and the first prize was a Caribbean cruise. She was ecstatic, but then her recently separated boyfriend informed her he was going back to his wife and wouldn’t be able to join her. Holly didn’t want to take the cruise alone, so she told the station manager to let the runner-up go instead.
When the recently divorced, thirty-something Rusty learned of Holly’s plight, he leapt in and offered to accompany her. Holly was hesitant at first, because of Rusty’s playboy reputation, but she finally agreed, provided they had separate cabins. And now, six months later, here they were, cruising the Caribbean with Connor and Roxy.
Rusty and Holly were cute together—fun, lively, and colorful. Connor and Roxy spent three hours dining with them that Sunday night, and it didn’t end there.
Afterwards, the foursome ducked into a Karaoke club called Wilson. Rusty cracked everyone up as he serenaded Holly with cheesy songs, like “I Think I Love You,” “Hey There, Little Red Riding Hood,” and “We’ve Got Tonight.” Before launching into “Who Loves You?” he hollered to his new pal in the audience, “Yo, Connor from Chicago. If you plan on getting lucky with your beautiful bride tonight, you better get your ass up here and back me up on vocals. Consider it foreplay!”
For a minute, Connor quaked with embarrassment. But everyone in the audience was laughing, and so was he by the time he hustled onstage to join Rusty. The two launched into a couple of songs, “Sherry” and “Rag Doll,” by the Four Seasons. And guess what? They were great. Holly and Roxy loved every minute. By the time the guys sidled up to their table with microphones in hand, they were laughing hysterically. What a fantastic first night on the ship.

* * * * Chapter 28 * * * *
Monday
Just before 10 AM, the Star was approaching the glorious, sun-drenched port of Great Stirrup Cay, a 268-acre private island in the Bahamas owned by Norwegian Cruise Lines.
All was quiet in the Barrington stateroom. Connor and Roxy had slept in, too tired and hung over to make it to breakfast. But thanks to an industrial-size pot of coffee and a long, cold shower, they recovered enough to leave the ship mid-morning on a tender boat, one of the small vessels used to ferry cruise passengers to and from shore. After a short, windblown ride, the newlyweds felt refreshed and wide awake as they made their way onto the tiny island.
It was 85 balmy degrees, and blindingly bright. Roxy was decked out in a blue-and-green floral-print sundress with a wide-brimmed sunhat. Slung over her shoulder was a canvas bag holding her bikini, sunscreen, some paperbacks, and other essentials. Connor was buff and ripped in blue surfer shorts and a pale-yellow tee shirt.
They were a feast for the eyes, and so was Stirrup Cay. The water surrounding it was the perfect blue-green, vibrant and intense. Just looking at it made you glad you were alive. The sandy beaches were a pale, pristine beige, almost white, and lushly studded with tall, lofty coconut palms. A serene and scenic Bahamian island, basking under an azure-blue sky dotted with puffy gray-white clouds.
In a lemon-yellow cabana with a grass-green roof, the newlyweds changed into swimwear. After a romantic stroll along the shoreline, they rented snorkeling gear and cast off for a guided aqua-tour of the bay. Beneath the cold, shimmering water, there were sharp coral growths and craggy brown rocks with schools of tiny pink, yellow, and black fish swirling chaotically around them. So vibrant, exotic, and captivating.
Back on land, Connor and Roxy redressed in their colorful resort-wear. Then they checked out the island’s old stone lighthouse, and, later, there was lunch and a round of shopping.
After an idyllic day of sun, sand, surf, and tacos, the couple trekked back to the tender boat, filled with fun-seekers as it churned its way across the still waters to the Star.
That night, the newlyweds dined again with Rusty and Holly, who’d spent the day on the Star basking in the sun, imbibing Mai Tais and pina coladas, and playing poker and slots in the casino. Again, the four had a ball. Radiant Roxy looked stunning in a black-lace dinner dress with a Tahitian pearl necklace, and Connor rocked in his cream-colored linen suit and gray silk shirt.
“Straight out of American Gigolo,” Rusty cracked when he saw them parading into the dining room. Of course, he looked like an unmade bed himself, in faded, baggy jeans and a loud, Hawaiian floral-print shirt that barely covered his ever-expanding gut. Holly looked fetching in a simple black cocktail dress. It was another five-star night: the food rocked, the wine flowed, and there were plenty of laughs all around.
After dinner the fab four took in another fab four: a Beatles’ tribute show in the Sandpiper Showroom. The cast invited volunteers to come up and join in, and of course Rusty leapt at the chance.
After the show, there were nightcaps at Wilson. By the time Connor and Roxy collapsed into bed, it was three AM.

* * * * Chapter 29 * * * *
Tuesday
Their second morning at sea found the Barringtons racing frantically around their stateroom, packing overnight bags for their next port of call: Havana, Cuba. The thought of setting foot on this exotic Caribbean island, with its romantic stirrings and turbulent past, thrilled both Connor and Roxy. They would be gone all that day, spend the night, and re-board the ship on Wednesday evening.
By mid-morning, the Star had glided into Havana Cruise Port Terminal, where the newlyweds were soon disembarking with hundreds of other excited adventurers.
The couple quickly hailed a cab to the palatial Hotel Nacional in the historic El Vedado area. After a brief stop at the registration desk, they found themselves standing in the middle of yet another luxurious honeymoon suite with a spectacular view of the Caribbean.
After settling in, the couple took a quick stroll around the lobby of the picturesque, old-world hotel. Everywhere were gleaming tile floors, Spanish arches, potted palms, and colorful, dramatic paintings. On an outside patio, a regal, unchaperoned peacock strutted its stuff.
With the help of the Nacional’s concierge, the couple hired a bright-eyed, bilingual driver named Carlos to wheel them around the island in his 1950s’ red Cadillac convertible. As they nestled in back holding hands, Carlos, in jeans and a bright floral-print shirt, guided them through a typical Havana neighborhood.
The streets were lined with houses painted bright blue, yellow, green, and pink. Noisy children played ballgames in the roads, while gardeners tended fruit trees and vegetable patches. Dogs were barking raucously as long-haired pet goats grazed serenely in wooden enclosures.
Lively Cuban music, and the smell of hot, spicy food, wafted through the air. Roxy and Connor were intrigued and totally seduced by the colorful melange of life coursing through this dynamic city.
At Plaza de Armas, they paid Carlos his fee and took off through the narrow streets. Awaiting them was a visual feast: sprawling old newsstands, a majestic 18thcentury cathedral, and the massive Museum of the Revolution.
They ventured into the tiny, cobblestone streets of Old Havana, bordered on both sides by rustic, artisanal shops in stucco buildings adorned in bold, rich hues. On the western edge, they stopped to admire the Capitolo Building, modeled after the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C.
By then, it was mid-afternoon and the newlyweds were hungry. In Plaza Vieja, they wondered into La Vitrola, scored the last table in the dining room, and were soon devouring shrimp cocktails and classic Cuban sandwiches—large, soft, freshly-baked rolls stuffed with ham, salami, and Swiss cheese.
After lunch the couple shopped for hand-painted dishes, glasses, and brightly colored linens. Feathering their Chicago nest was high on their to-do list. They wanted to own beautiful things that would remind them always of this glorious honeymoon.
Post-shopping, the newlyweds jumped in a cab and headed to the legendary, orange-brick Floridita. This noisy, glamorous watering-hole features a red bar with a distinguished mural of Havana Harbor on its back wall. Legendary writer Ernest Hemingway (aka Papa) liked to show up here after a long day of standing at his typewriter to put away grapefruit daiquiris and hang with the locals.
Connor and Roxy weren’t at all surprised to find raunchy Rusty and lovely Holly docked at a corner table, holding court with a gaggle of locals and tourists.
After some raucous high-fives and hugs, Connor and Roxy joined the fray. “Happy hour,” doesn’t begin to describe what happened next, as everyone gabbed, guffawed, smoked cigars, and guzzled goblets of pina coladas, mojitos, and Papa’s favorite daiquiris.
“Is this a Latin version of Planet Binge, or what?” Roxy cracked. Connor rolled his eyes and laughed. The comparison was lost on him. He loved the classy, macho Floridita, but tacky Planet Binge? Not so much.
Before leaving the boisterous bar, both couples strolled through the historic bistro. Near the life-size bronze statue of Hemingway, anchored at the end of the bar where he liked to sit, were photos of Papa enshrined on a wall. He is shown chatting with Cuban dictator, Fidel Castro, and revolutionary leader, Che Guevarra. Other shots feature him entertaining his wife, Mary, son, John, and Hollywood types like Gary Cooper and Spencer Tracey.
As Roxy and Connor left the iconic hang-out, Holly was cozying up to a life-size bronze statue of Papa while a hooting, boozing Rusty snapped photos.
After leaving their newfound buddies at the Floridita, Roxy and Connor cabbed it back to the Nacional. Brief naps and e-mail checks were followed by a quick change of clothes. By nine, the dressed-to-kill Barringtons were sauntering through the fortress-like doors of San Cristobal Palador, a superb restaurant in a quiet, residential area of Centro Havana.
Inside, an eye-popping, eclectic melange of antiques, curios, and mementos awaited. The butterscotch-colored walls were covered with photos, and everywhere were antique radios, clocks, china, and silver platters and goblets. A long list of famous Americans, from President Barack Obama, to Jay Z and Beyonce, had dined here.
Roxy and Connor quickly understood why. The food was exquisite: tender and delicate, but rich in flavor. A seafood platter and a succulent pork dish with “abuela” (grandma) sauce did not disappoint. Nor did the Cuban coffee and chocolate dessert cake. Later, there were complimentary cigars for Connor and a swig of rum for both Barringtons.
Roxy was fetching and alluring in a red lace halter dress, her long blond hair tumbling loosely around her shoulders in soft waves. Just looking across the table at her made Connor’s heart beat faster. He looked Zorro-hot himself in a tailored black suit with a red silk shirt.
After dinner they headed back to the Nacional for salsa dancing to a live band on the downstairs terrace.
Later, in their suite, they fell into bed and topped off a perfect day by making love and drifting off to sleep in each other’s arms.

* * * * Chapter 30 * * * *
Wednesday
The next morning, a lively flock of green-and-yellow Warblers serenaded the newlyweds outside their suite, heralding the beginning of another idyllic day in paradise.
After a quick shower, Connor headed downstairs to the Veranda breakfast buffet, where he scored an intimate corner table in the crowded dining room. While he sipped a Cortadito (Cuban coffee with a few tablespoons of milk) and munched a warm sweet roll, he waited for his beautiful bride. As the minutes ticked by, he grew more impatient.
After an endless wait, Roxy finally breezed in, late and a bit flustered, but a knockout in an aqua-blue sundress.
“Where has my baby been?” Connor purred, straining to keep his irritation in check. “I’ve been sitting here a full hour. I was beginning to worry.”
“Sorry, babe,” Roxy chirped, brushing his cheek with a quick, casual kiss. “I had some e-mails to answer.”
Something sounded fishy to Connor.
“What kind of e-mails would make you keep your new husband waiting for so long on your honeymoon?”
Looking down uncomfortably, Roxy gulped.
“Darling, I’ll be honest with you,” she said. “It’s no big deal, but you should know I got a few e-mails from Logan yesterday and today. His brother, T.J., ran into Crystal and Sam at MGM Grand on Sunday, and broke the news that we got married and were down here on our honeymoon.”
Connor’s face darkened, his arms tensed, as he received the news.
“I guess T.J. was pretty surprised,” Roxy went on. “Of course he told Logan, and now he’s hurt and all broken up because I guess he assumed I’d be coming back to him and we would get married.
“He says he misses me and is worried about my safety because of all that happened in your past. So he’s checking in daily to find out how I am. And I have to answer him. He’s a cop—if I don’t, who knows what he might do, sic the local authorities on us?”
By the time Roxy finished, a jealous Connor’s blood was boiling.
“Holy Christ! Here we go again!” he fumed, pounding the table. “We’re on our honeymoon in the middle of the Caribbean, and you’re in touch with your former fiance? Sounds a bit strange to me. That bastard’s got a helluva lot of balls writing to you with concerns about your safety. Goddamn meddlesome cop!
“I’ve told you all about Annie and Charlotte’s deaths,” he explained, eyeing her distrustfully. “I will put you in touch with Maggie and Casey if you still have doubts. They know the real story, that I’m not responsible.”
“Oh, Connor, I don’t need that,” Roxy told him, patting his arm reassuringly. “I don’t have doubts, Logan does. And so does his mom. She was married to a cop for 25 years and she’s worried about me, too. I know it sounds crazy, but they care about me, that’s all. I keep telling them all is well here in Havana.”
“Reassuring them you’re fine? What the hell is that?” Connor bristled. “I didn’t have anything to do with Annie or Charlotte’s deaths. If they don’t believe that, screw them. You’re the only one who counts.
“Listen to me, babe,” Connor barreled on, “you’ve got to cut this dude off—and the sooner, the better. You almost married that tin-badge country bumpkin, and he’s still hurting. If you keep catering to his every whim and answering his e-mails, he won’t move on. He’ll keep clinging. Is that what you want?”
“Connor I’m sorry,” Roxy shot back, her voice rising, “but I don’t want to let go of Logan, now or ever. He’s a friend, and so is his mom. They both have my best interests at heart. I can’t just walk away. Besides, Logan found some of my clothes in a closet at his mom’s and he wants to know where to send them, Vegas or Chicago.”
“Sounds like more bogus bullshit to keep the flame burning.” Connor seethed. “What did you tell him?”
“To send them to Jake’s house in Vegas and I’ll pick them up the next time I’m there,” Roxy answered.
“That’s okay, I guess,” Connor replied, “but like I said, it’s not fair to keep him hanging on as a friend when you know he’s in love with you. If you really care about him, cut him off.”
“No!” Roxy cried, shaking her head. “Logan’s a good man. I owe him a lot. I won’t give him up. I broke his heart when I postponed our wedding, and now he hears we’re married and it’s driving him crazy. Why would I cut him off when he’s obviously hurting?”
“Babe, you’re deluding yourself,” Connor argued back. “You have me, your family, and plenty of friends in Chicago. You don’t need Logan. He’s a reminder of a traumatic time in your life, that horrific kidnapping and captivity. Why would you want to hold onto him? You should make a clean break and cut him loose.”
Shaking her head defiantly, Roxy glanced down at her pork-and-plantain breakfast hash. But she didn’t take a bite. It was hard to focus on food at a time like this. She was desperate to make Connor understand where she was coming from. She and Logan had bonded over some pretty serious issues. He understood her in a way nobody else could. She wasn’t about to let him go, then or ever.
“Well, let’s not ruin our last day in Havana arguing about your ex-boyfriend,” Connor finally said, rolling his eyes and taking a sip of his cooling Cortadito. “We should look around the hotel some more and take a walk along the Malecon before packing and heading back to the ship.”
Roxy nodded vaguely. Then the sullen couple choked down a few bites of hash and nibbled on fruit salad while a waiter freshened their cooled Cortaditos.
After their contentious meal, the couple hustled down to the Malecon, a five-mile stretch of seawall and sand along a busy, wide esplanade. It was all so charming and picturesque, from the 19th century beige-stone lighthouse at Havana Harbor to the brightly colored 1950s’ cars rumbling by.
Lining one side were rows of elegant, old, sand-colored buildings. On the other was deep, blue Havana Harbor, lapping endlessly against the black rocks below. A lizard or two, in lime-green or brightly-colored stripes, occasionally slithered by, darting from one rock to another. Seagulls and frigates cawed and flapped jubilantly above. Below the wall, beyond the jagged rocks, fishermen were casting their long lines from old wooden piers, as swimmers bobbed and bathed in the cool, blue water.
Life apparently was rolling along as usual in lush, vibrant Havana. Despite the heaviness in their hearts from their quarrel over breakfast, Roxy and Connor held hands and did their best to drink in the gorgeous scenery.
After a brisk walk, they trekked back to the hotel to pack their bags and return to the Star. By 5 PM they were nestled in their stateroom, peering out the porthole as the ship pulled out of Havana Harbor and away from the most charming, dynamic city they’d ever visited.
That morning’s ‘Logan issues’ were smoothed over for the moment. But tensions still lingered for both Barringtons as they wrapped their arms around each other and savored a glorious Cuban sunset.

* * * * Chapter 31 * * * *
Thursday
As if yesterday morning hadn’t happened, the newlyweds awoke early and romped around their luxurious, spa-like shower. Bundled in fluffy, white, his-and-hers’ terry cloth robes, they lazily wandered onto their balcony, where Roxy was soon cozily ensconced in Connor’s lap. Between hot, deep kisses, the couple gazed at the blue-green Caribbean, sipped coffee, and snuggled. It was one of those moments of complete bliss that don’t come along very often in life.
The ship would be at sea all day, so there was no need to rush. Connor and Roxy’s snugglefest lasted an hour or so. Then he got dressed, answered some e-mails, and piled out of the stateroom to join Rusty and some other guys for a game of volleyball on the upper deck.
Meanwhile, Roxy changed into white shorts and a pink tank top and plopped down in front of her own laptop to check e-mails. Jake had sent a video of his latest comedy routine, a real laugh-fest. There was a cute, newsy note from Crystal, who filled her in on the latest at Planet Binge, and with her and Sam. They were still going strong and had just spent a fun, exciting weekend hot-air ballooning over the Strip, zip-lining down Fremont Street, and lolling about on a paddleboat cruise around Lake Mead.
And of course there were more lovelorn missives from Logan. He was still worried about Roxy’s safety and told her again how much he missed her and that he would always love her. It made Roxy sad and uncomfortable. She had deep feelings of love and gratitude for him, and RaeLynn, too, and felt that she always would.
When she could finally tear herself away from her laptop, Roxy met Holly for lunch in the dining room. Over seafood salads, they dished about the fabulous cruise. Then, while sipping iced tea and nibbling chocolate chip cookies on the deck, Holly leaned over and confided that she was in distress over her relationship with Rusty.
The lusty DJ wanted to have sex with her, which was fine, but both of them were condom-less in the Caribbean. And Holly refused to even think about doing it with sex-machine Rusty without protection. They tried the Star’s gift shop, but, unfortunately, the condoms were sold out.
“There must be a lot of sex happening on this ship,” Holly said, looking around the dining room warily. “I’m surprised we can’t feel it rocking. By any chance, do you or Connor have any extra condoms? I didn’t bring any because I didn’t think I’d need them. I mean, deep down, Rusty’s a nice guy, but on the surface he’s loud and gross, isn’t he?”
“Um, yes, that pretty much sums him up,” Roxy laughed. “Sorry, we don’t have any condoms. Connor and I have known each other for almost five years. We feel safe together.”
“He’s really cute,” Holly said with a gleam in her eyes. “Did he have a lot of girlfriends before you? Any previous marriages?”
Roxy started to fidget in her deck chair. She wanted to tell Holly all about her past as Daisy Carter, and how she had run out on her first wedding to Connor, and that he had been married twice before and both wives had died. She wanted to spill it all, but it was just too dark, too complicated, and too private. She couldn’t go there. So she took a deep breath and spilled some version of the truth.
As the Wisconsin cupcake goddess listened, she got the feeling there was a lot Roxy wasn’t telling her. But she didn’t want to make her new friend uncomfortable, so she went back to topic A, the condoms.
“You seem like a great couple,” Holly went on, “hot, happy, and settled. Must be nice to not have to worry about annoying things like unprotected sex, STDs, and condoms.”
“Yeah, it is,” Roxy agreed. “We finally got here and it feels good. We waited a long time, and so far it’s been great.
“Now, about those condoms, you should be able to find some tomorrow on Harvest Caye. There’s got to be a gift shop or drug store that sells them.”
“But how do I get through tonight?” Holly asked, throwing her hands up. “I can’t get Rusty out of my cabin. He thinks we’re on the Love Boat. He’s one horny dude!”
“Throw him in a cold swimming pool, or get him so drunk he passes out!” Roxy cracked, as both girls laughed.

* * * * Chapter 32 * * * *
Friday
The next morning, Rusty, Holly, and the Barringtons were among the first to disembark at the pier of Harvest Caye, which is part of Belize.
The temperature on this lush, 78-acre preserve was a balmy 85 degrees. With storm clouds gathering over the shimmering, aqua-blue Caribbean, the foursome took a dip in a 15,000 square-foot resort-style pool. While lazing in the water, they sipped frozen Margaritas served on small, floating trays. Does it get any better than that?
Afterwards, they all changed back into shorts and tees. Then Holly and Rusty headed for the lighthouse. From there, they planned to zip-line across the island. Meanwhile, Roxy and Connor boarded a small boat with twenty others for a tour of the Swallow Caye Wildlife Sanctuary.
In this jungle-like setting, the newlyweds caught glimpses of exotic birds and fish while eying bottle-nosed mama manatees swimming and cavorting with their adorable calves. Connor and Roxy were in awe as the tour guide explained that this is one of the few places on earth where these precious marine mammals, aka, sea cows, can be found. It was another captivating, once-in-a-lifetime experience they would always cherish.
Their wildlife tour and a long walk through the lush beauty of Harvest Caye had worked up an appetite. So Roxy and Connor strolled to the Landshark Bar & Grill, where they chowed down on tilapia sandwiches and fried shrimp.
More traipsing about the gorgeous island followed lunch. In shorts and tees, the couple pranced along the shoreline, their feet caressed by the soft, wet sand and green-blue water. They were holding hands and soaking up the sun, when all of a sudden Connor let out a painful yelp. He had stepped on the sharp edge of a broken conch shell and cut his foot. Blood from the jagged, three-inch gash instantly started spurting into the water. Roxy became nauseous at the sight. Wavering a bit, she lurched forward and heaved her lunch onto the pristine white sand.
Suddenly people were rushing forward, trying to help. Someone tore off their white cotton tee and wrapped it tightly around Connor’s foot to slow the bleeding. Other vacationers quickly lugged two chaise lounges to the shoreline. Someone hoisted Connor onto one, while Roxy collapsed on the other.
After an anxious spell, the blood flow slowed to a trickle. The newlyweds then managed to hobble off the beach, where they coaxed a bystander for a lift in a golf cart to the shopping village. There Connor rested on a shaded bench, while Roxy shopped for bandages as well as assorted trinkets.
That night, back on the Star, she puttered about in a short, magenta halter dress, while Connor, in denim cut-offs and a striped button-down shirt, limped as best he could to the dining room. On his cut left foot, which Roxy had bandaged, was a white athletic shoe in a size larger and wider than he normally wore, gifted to him by Rusty. His foot still hurt like hell, but the bleeding was under control, and early the next morning Connor planned to visit the ship’s infirmary.
That night’s dinner was another massive feed, with six delicious courses followed by coffee and dessert. All of it was gourmet-quality, but Rusty, Holly, Connor, and Roxy were way more focused on boozing than eating. It was one of those nights. The chardonnay and cabernet were flowing like water. As the four caroused at a corner table, the sky soon became the limit.
There were barrels of laughter as Rusty teased the limping Connor about the foot injury, calling him, “The Hunchback of the Northern Star.” Connor laughed along with everyone else, and guzzled on.
After dinner, the foursome had planned to go dancing, but with Connor’s foot injury there was no way. So they hobbled to the nearby Blue Bayou Casino, a cavernous gaming hall with banks of glitzy, high-tech slot machines and an endless array of craps’ tables and roulette wheels.
Veering towards a row of hulking neon slots, Holly and Roxy hunkered down side-by-side at Sex and the City and I Dream Of Jeannie. Soon, they were both losing big time.
Meanwhile, Rusty strutted to the hottest craps table in the casino, bought his way in, and promptly began tossing sevens and elevens to win piles of cash. The raunchy DJ with a heart of gold and a headful of red curls roared with laughter and tossed back more drinks as his earnings piled up.
By 11:00 PM, Holly had joined Rusty in the craps pit, while Connor was deeply immersed in a high-stakes poker game. As he played, he continued to booze heavily. Roxy had no desire to watch him get hammered and lose a bundle. Been there, done that, she thought, and it wasn’t pretty.
Just before midnight, she made her way back to the stateroom, where she changed into a short, pink terry-cloth romper that zipped up the front. Then she flopped down on the couch and promptly crashed.
Around 2 AM she woke up with a killer headache. Ignoring the Advil, she reached instead for a bottle of Chablis, and poured a glass to calm her nerves. Connor wasn’t back yet, and she desperately needed something to relax her and lull her back to sleep.
A few glasses of wine later, sleep still proved elusive, so Roxy pulled her laptop out and logged in to check e-mail. There was a short note from Jake, thanking her for her critique of his new routine. Next, she opened a long, tedious message from Jake’s mom, prattling on about a deviled-egg recipe.
E-mail number three was from Logan. More of her clothes, and some of her shoes, too, had turned up in a closet at his mom’s. Post-honeymoon, Logan wanted to come to Chicago to see Roxy and deliver her things in person. He asked when she would be there, and said he had a friend in the Windy City who was also a cop. Now would be the perfect time to visit him, and see her, too. Oh yeah, and one more thing: he loved her, missed her, and was thinking of her 24/7.
Roxy’s heart was pounding, but she also felt sad. Writing back, she told Logan she missed him, too, and would love to see him in Chicago. With her inhibitions down from all the wine, she was feeling very emotional about the Pahrump lawman, and a little sorry for him, too. He was a good man who had never met the right woman. When Daisy came along, he thought she was it.
Early on, she’d had a feeling they would marry. They got along well, and the sexual chemistry was off the charts. Plus, after the trauma of the kidnapping and captivity, Daisy needed a pillar of strength with a heart of gold. Logan was the right man, in the right place, at the right time.
Things had quickly gotten serious. But there was so much baggage with Daisy Carter and the whole Roxy-Drake saga. It might all have worked out—if Jake hadn’t climbed on his high horse and called Connor back in Chicago. But he did. And now, here they all were.
Logan had helped Daisy through some of her darkest days. And how did she repay him? By breaking his heart, telling him on their wedding day that she wanted to postpone, and then turning around and marrying another guy six months later.
What a dirty trick. And she would have to live with that for the rest of her life. The guilt clung to her like dirt, but she could handle it because, in the back of her mind, Roxy sensed that Logan might not have been the right guy for her anyway. Down the line, there would have been problems. The boredom factor, for one. Could she really have put down roots in Pahrump? What would her life have been like in 10 or 15 years? Shopping at Safeway with two or three kiddies in the cart. Friday night steaks at Buffalo Bill’s. Weekly card games with the other cops’ wives. Regular mani-pedis with Cheyenne, who would relish spilling the latest on her mother-in-law and the sheriff.
All that small-town drivel, riffraff, and routine. For consolation, Las Vegas would be just down the road, like a shining beacon in the night. And Logan did have his strong points. He was solid, steadfast, and supportive—like the Rock of Gibraltar.
Connor, for his part, could never understand the traumas Daisy had endured on the Fleck Farm the way Logan could. She missed Logan as a man, but also as a caring friend who was trained in PTSD and could help her deal with her fears and anxieties.
Drunk, hung over, and alone in the stateroom in the wee, small hours, Roxy was overcome with intense feelings of love and guilt for Logan. She wanted to see him, and longed for his loving advice and calm presence. He could handle her moods and outbursts in a way no one else could. And he was good-looking and real, a caring, protective presence. He had truly loved her, and probably would for the rest of his life.
Oh, how she regretted backing out of their wedding so abruptly, and how it had devastated him. Now she desperately wanted Logan to come to Chicago to see her. The idea both excited and comforted her. It was the least she could do. Of course, she would never let Connor know. He would never understand.
E-mailing Logan, Roxy told him she missed him, too, and would be happy to see him in Chicago.
“I’ll take whatever I can get of you,” he responded. “Even if it’s just friendship, that’s better than nothing.”
A few minutes later, the sweet e-mail session ended abruptly when the stateroom door flung open with a violent lurch. In the doorway loomed Connor, all six feet of him weaving and disconsolate, his dark eyes brooding and small. In his tattered shirt and grease-stained cut-offs, he appeared disheveled and disturbed. Staring down at his left foot, Roxy gasped when she saw that his white sneaker was now soaked with blood.
In an alcohol-drenched fog, Connor could barely make his way into the posh stateroom. Just before he sank onto the designer divan, he reported that he had lost thousands in a limitless game of Texas Hold’em. Meanwhile, his partner in booze, Rusty, was faring better and holding his own at the craps table. As for Holly, she was still in the casino gamely fighting off a pack of one-armed bandits named Fiesta Chihuahua, Stinkin’ Rich, and Munchkinland in the high-limits parlor.
Straining to wrench off his tennis shoes, Connor hoisted his bloody, swollen left foot onto the white sofa. Roxy cringed at the sight. She worried that the gash was worsening and could become infected.
Plopping her laptop on the coffee table, she scurried into the bathroom to grab a wet washcloth to clean the bloodstains off the sofa. While she was gone, Connor eyed her open computer, snatched it up, and began scanning the inbox of her e-mail account for familiar names. Logan’s popped out instantly. Connor went bonkers and started feverishly reading the messages.
His temper boiled over when he saw the loving sentiments being tossed about by his wife and her former fiance. Here they were on their honeymoon, and she was letting this desperate, lovesick cop get into her head and heart. Of course, what he really wanted was to get into her pants, an enraged Connor quickly concluded.
When Roxy came out of the bathroom clutching a wet washcloth, he lashed out at her.
“What the hell is going on? I’m down in the casino busting my balls at the poker table and you’re up here trading love-mails with your ex. He says he wants to come to Chicago to bring your clothes. Bullshit! The nerve of that tin-badge asshole. What did you tell him?”
“I told him no, of course,” Roxy lied, grabbing her computer. The last thing she wanted was a scene with a crazed, drunken Connor.
“Everything between us is over,” she declared, reinforcing her point. “I’ll probably never see him again.”
“That’s not what you told me the other morning in Havana. You said he would always be your friend,” Connor countered.
“Well, I changed my mind,” Roxy said, a little annoyed at having to play this game.
“Then why are there three or four e-mails from him in your in-box?” he shot back.
“Because I want to have contact with him, but I’m trying to keep it casual, you know, a friendly e-mail thing.”
“At three o’clock in the morning? Sounds a little too friendly to me. Let me see your computer, Rox. I want to read the stuff you wrote, too.”
“No!” Roxy cried. “I have a right to my privacy, even if it’s with an ex. And you’re supposed to trust me, remember?”
“I do trust you, babe, it’s that goddamn cop I don’t trust. Now hand it over. Give me the computer. What are you hiding?”
Steadying himself on the arm of the sofa, Connor stood up, bloody foot and all. It was after 3 AM and he was ragged to the extreme. Eyes glassy and bloodshot, he was bobbing and swaying. Every time he moved, his foot imprinted a fresh scarlet stain on the cream-colored carpet.
Lurching forward, he snatched the laptop out of Roxy’s hands. She yelled “No!” And suddenly they were struggling for it. A minute later, Roxy had retrieved the computer. Pushing her aside, Connor tried to grab it again, but the big hulk couldn’t keep his balance. Down to the carpet they both tumbled, writhing, pushing, and shoving as they scrambled for possession, each of them four sheets to the wind.

* * * * Chapter 33 * * * *
Connor reached again for the laptop, but Roxy held on tight. That’s when she knew she had to get the hell out of that stateroom—fast! Barefoot in her short pink romper, she got up, spun around, and sprang for the door. Flinging it open, she darted into the dimly lit hall, clutching the computer tightly to her chest.
Sprinting away from the stateroom, Roxy felt a surge of relief, certain that Connor would never come after her with his bloody, swollen foot. But she was wrong. Somehow he picked himself off the floor, tore open the stateroom door, and hobbled after her.
Both Barringtons were now in the dimly lit corridor. When Roxy turned and saw her drunk, deranged husband lumbering after her, she was horrified, and even more determined to get away.
She had assured him she turned down Logan’s request to meet, which was a lie. If he read the e-mails and found out, he would go ballistic! In a boozed-up frenzy, who knew what he might do?
Roxy didn’t want to find out. Running as fast as she could in the darkened passageway, she passed a long row of unmarked stateroom doors. And then, finally, she spotted a large, gray steel one marked EXIT. Tugging it open, she leapt through and slammed it shut behind her. She was now in a tiny, closet-like enclosure, facing a narrow steel ladder that seemed to climb all the way to eternity. At the top was a patch of starry, nighttime sky, an opening leading to the ship’s upper deck.
Tucking her laptop under her left arm, Roxy steeled herself and started to climb.
Rung by rung, she strained to reach the next metal bar and hoist herself upward towards the open hatch. Midway there, she was stunned to hear Connor’s labored breathing now close behind. The drunken brute was dead on her heels, frantically straining to grab her ankles.
Without a second to spare, Roxy made it to the top rung, leapt off, and quickly tore through the small doorway. She was now out on the open deck, 10 full stories above the choppy, churning Caribbean. Limping and lurching behind her was Connor, eyes ablaze with fury, still hot on her trail.
On the expansive, oaken A Deck, a world removed from the hurly-burly of tourist life below, the couple continued their crazy cat-and-mouse chase. Through a posh enclave of swimming pools, squash courts, and mini-cabanas they darted in the inky darkness.
Connor was now struggling to keep up, but a fresh surge of adrenaline kept him going. Finally he was face-to-face with Roxy.
“Give me the damn computer,” he bellowed, lunging for it from behind a stray bar cart.
“No!” Roxy shouted defiantly, “I will never give Logan up. He’s my friend. Deal with it!”
“Logan isn’t the answer,” Connor yelled back. “He’s an arrogant, corrupt, tin-badge asshole. Now hand over the laptop!”
“No!” Roxy hollered again, turning and darting further down the deck. Clutching the laptop, she finally reached the stern of the giant vessel. Spinning around, she saw her sloshed, hobbled husband right behind her. Cornered, with nowhere to go but up, she grabbed a red-and-white striped life preserver from a stanchion and slung it straight at him.
The plastic, donut-shape projectile knocked Connor down for an instant, giving Roxy just enough time to drag a lounge chair to the railing and hoist herself up. As she balanced on the wobbly metal chair, Connor limped towards her and halted.
“What are you going to do, Rox?” he asked, panting for breath as he gaped up at her. “We’re both drunk and not thinking straight. Get down here now before you get hurt!”
Ignoring him, Roxy focused instead on a foot-wide ledge atop an overhang that encircled the entire deck. Somehow she managed to reach up and lay her laptop on it. Keeping her balance on the wobbly chair, she then pulled herself up and onto the ledge.
“Get down now or I’m coming up!” a desperate, unhinged Connor hollered when he saw his wife perched atop the high protrusion with nothing between her and the deep, blue Caribbean. With her legs dangling down both sides of the ledge, Roxy gripped her computer tighter and responded in a shrill wail, “Leave me alone!”
Suddenly, the ship heaved abruptly, and there was a fierce gust of wind. In a split second, Roxy was jolted from her perch and sent hurtling off the ship and down into the inky water. Careening close behind was her computer.
On the deck below, Connor was frantic. Screaming “Roxy!” over and over, he grabbed the life preserver, hooked it through his arm, and climbed onto the metal chair. Stretching upward, he pulled himself atop the ledge, gripping a flagpole for support. In the darkness, he peered down into the bottomless sea, frantically searching for his wife. But he could see nothing.
Without thinking, he leapt off the overhang, 100 feet straight down into the inky blue water, yelling “Roxy” as he plunged. From that height, the impact pulled Connor well beneath the surface and kept him submerged for untold seconds. Finally he emerged, porpoise-like and breathless for air, still gripping the red-and-white life preserver. With his other arm, he began paddling furiously in the choppy water, hollering in all directions for his wife.
To his horror, Connor couldn’t see or hear Roxy. She had screamed when she fell, but there was no further sound. All he could hear was the endless lapping and crashing of the waves and the ceaseless roar of the ship’s turbines. Flailing about, he was terrified, figuring Roxy was dead, or unconscious and already submerged.
In this panicked state, Connor swam in circles for endless minutes, yelling for his wife over and over. And then suddenly he caught sight of something white and bulky, bobbing lifelessly in the distance. Pulling himself closer, he made out a shapeless blob of white skin and wet hair adrift in the water.
It had to be Roxy!
Connor, a strong swimmer who’d been a lifeguard at the Denver Country Club all through his teens, shouted, “Roxy, hang on babe, I’m coming!”
He finally got to her and was overjoyed to grip his cold, gasping wife, waterlogged and barely conscious in the salty brine. She was bleating weakly and groaning, but it was enough. She was still alive and in one piece.
Rough waves lapped all around as Connor somehow managed to drag Roxy onto the preserver. Now she was sprawled over the donut-shaped life buoy, her arms and legs dangling limply in the water like crumpled beach toys. With one arm steadying his baby, Connor used the other to steer and propel them forward in the choppy sea. Somehow they stayed afloat and in one piece as he dog-paddled clumsily through the undulating swells.
While gripping Roxy, still clad in her torn, wet romper, Connor searched the horizon in every direction for the Star’s lights. But there was nothing. Just an endless seascape of blackish-blue water and the distant clouds of dawn. The massive ship had vanished into the night, leaving them adrift as it churned towards distant, sunny Cozumel.

* * * * Chapter 34 * * * *
In the cool, salty water, Connor was totally nude. He had torn his clothes off earlier so he could swim better. His socks, shoes, and even the bandage Roxy had wrapped around his gashed foot, were long gone.
The water had sobered him up the instant he smacked down, and now, floating in the middle of nowhere with his helpless wife, Connor felt the sheer terror of it all. A deep well of despair and grief opened in the pit of his stomach as he tread water for what seemed like endless hours.
Keeping Roxy afloat on the life preserver, while supporting himself in the choppy water, was a physical challenge for Connor as well as a mental one. With the passing hours, his exhausted mind started playing tricks on him. Sometime before sunrise, he began hallucinating about Annie and Charlotte, the dearest ones whom he could never bring back.
Now he was terrified that Roxy might die, too. That would make dead wife number 3, a trifecta of lost spouses. The thought scared the hell out of him. Not so much for the loss of Roxy herself, but for the web of suspicion that would ensnare him. There would surely be life-altering consequences if he survived and his bride didn’t. He would be investigated to high heaven, vilified, and reviled in infamy in both Chicago and Denver. Roxy’s family and the prosecutors would come after him with every legal tool they could muster, from hard-nosed homicide cops and pit-bull detectives, to forensic specialists and high-powered attorneys.
Worrying about the death of yet another wife filled Connor with such dread and despair that he nearly gave up, and briefly considered pulling Roxy off the life preserver, letting her drown, and then following her into Davey Jones’ locker. Both of them would be in a shark’s belly within an hour. Later on, they would be declared legally dead in a tragic drowning at sea. Or let them call it a murder-suicide. Who cared? Either way, they would both be gone forever. With Roxy’s laptop now in the depths of the Caribbean, who would even know they had been fighting? Possibly Logan McCabe back in Pahrump, but with both Barringtons dead, would that even matter?
As tempting as the murder-suicide option seemed, Connor somehow found the strength to stay afloat with Roxy. He wanted her to live because he loved her and they had just gotten married. But he also was worried about his own hide. He didn’t want to face the nightmare of being accused of the murder of yet another wife. It would make for a ghastly epitaph that could smear the family name forever.
Bobbing up and down in the salty brine, Connor was plagued with tortuous thoughts of their final minutes on board the Star. He ached with remorse over his behavior towards Roxy in the stateroom. He regretted chasing her to get the computer, and how drunk he had been, and how the huge poker loss and nonstop boozing had amped the whole scene and driven them both over the edge, literally.
There were so many regrets and lame excuses bombarding Connor as he clutched the life preserver and Roxy. He thought back to lovely Annie’s tragic death on the ski lift and Charlotte’s grisly demise in the closet. He was horrified that he hadn’t been able to save either one of them. And now, what would Roxy’s fate be? She had already been through so much. Was this how it was going to end?
On and on it went. In the middle of the relentless sea, there was no respite from these dark ruminations. And then the golden sun finally started to peek above the horizon. As Connor watched the light caressing the shimmering water, heard the seagulls cawing raucously above, and saw the teeming fish swirling below, he felt a surge of hope and remembered the beauty of life. Suddenly, he wanted to hold onto his. Turning to his deathly-white, semi-conscious spouse, he begged, “Wake up, babe, where are you? Open your eyes, Rox. I don’t want to survive this nightmare without you. Please come back, babe.”
They had been rocking about for hours when at long last he spotted something firm and distinct in the distance. It wasn’t an island, but appeared to be something equally secure: a cluster of jagged rocks in a crude circle on a tuft of sand, perhaps 10-foot square, offering barely enough room for two. Somehow, some way, Connor summoned the strength to propel himself and Roxy towards the outcropping.
Bruised, battered, and gasping for air, they finally reached the mini-isle. Crawling across a rough scape of sharp rocks to a bare patch of coarse sand, Connor was ecstatic they were both still alive. While he writhed in the sand, delirious with joy and numb with exhaustion, the sun warmed his bare body, and, beside him, Roxy’s semi-nude one. After a few minutes he turned over and pulled her closer. When he tapped her back, water spurted from her mouth. He kept up a drumbeat of tapping and pressing until the discharge stopped.
All the while, Connor begged Roxy to wake up and come back to him. At long last, she slowly opened her eyes and groaned. Staring up at her husband, she looked frightened for a moment, probably remembering the fight. He spoke softly, rubbing her arms, and caressing her.
“Rox, it’s okay,” he murmured, “you fell off the ship and I jumped in after you. You must’ve banged your head when you fell, or hit something in the water.
“We were out there floating with a life preserver for hours. When the sun came up, I was finally able to spot this tiny speck of land we’re on. We’re going to stay here now, and rest and wait and hope someone sees us soon.”
Roxy moaned softly and started coughing up more water. When she finally stopped, Connor pulled her close and wrapped his arms around her to keep her warm and secure.
“My computer,” Roxy whispered, her head nestled in his hairy, sand-encrusted chest. “Where is it?”
“Don’t worry about that now, babe. It’s gone to the deep, blue sea,” Connor replied softly. “It fell into the water with you and hasn’t been seen since. We’ll get you a shiny new one in Chicago.”
Roxy nodded, took a deep breath, and lapsed off again. Connor was physically drained, too, and fell into a semi-conscious sleep. Roxy’s torn, wet romper was now covered with heavy, wet sand, as were Connor’s legs, feet, arms, and back. When he looked down at his torn left foot, the one that had gotten cut, and saw it covered with soggy sand, he grimaced. In the warm, soothing sun, Roxy and Connor slept dreamlessly in each others’ arms, completely oblivious to the world beyond this tiny cluster of rocks and sand.

* * * * Chapter 35 * * * *
Saturday
Meanwhile, back on the Star, bright-eyed, bushy-tailed early-birds like Rusty and Holly were bounding through the halls to the dining room for breakfast. But the sight of bloody footprints in a remote corridor, and on the ladder leading to the upper deck, stopped them cold.
Venturing up to the A Deck to investigate, they found the metal lounge chair—with blood smears on it—jammed against the aft railing. Spotting the crimson footprints nearby, they followed them back to the Barringtons’ stateroom, where there was no response to their pounding on the door. Stunned and alarmed, Rusty and Holly called security.
When the Star’s captain learned that two passengers had apparently gone overboard a few hours earlier, he immediately contacted authorities in Mexico, Cuba, and the U.S., and turned the ship around.
A few hours later, still clinging to each other atop a bare outcropping of rocks and sand, the bruised, weak, and dazed Barringtons were rescued by a Mexican Naval Patrol boat. Groggy and groaning, the disheveled, sand-covered couple were loaded onto military stretchers and carried onto the boat. In its cramped infirmary, they were warmed under layers of blankets, their wounds were cleaned and dressed, and tubes were gently placed down their throats to remove sand, water, and debris from their lungs.
The Star’s captain was informed that the couple were alive and on board the naval ship. After a huge sigh of relief, and some congratulatory high fives among the crew, he turned the Star around again and set sail for the beach-resort of Cozumel.
The naval ship was also churning towards the same splendid Mexican isle off the Yucatan Peninsula. Upon arrival, Connor and Roxy were whisked to a prestigious local hospital called Costamed. Their cuts and bruises were treated, and the large gash in Connor’s foot, cleaned and stitched. He was given antibiotics to prevent infection, and, for the next five days, both he and Roxy were fed, medicated, and hydrated intravenously until they were strong enough to function on their own.
Meanwhile, Norwegian Cruise Lines reassured the Star’s other 673 passengers that the Barringtons were safe after accidentally plunging into the sea following an argument and a long night of heavy partying. No other details were provided.
All of the Barringtons’ belongings were transferred to a local resort in Cozumel, where the couple would stay after being released from the hospital. The cruise line generously offered to pick up the tab for a three-week stay in a luxury, ocean-front suite at the five-star Pelican Princess. All Connor and Roxy had to do was stay calm, follow doctors’ orders, and make a full recovery.
After five days at the hospital, the couple were released. In a gleaming, white limousine, they were driven to the Pelican Princess Resort, where they checked into a beachfront suite overlooking stunning Playa Bonita. Awaiting them was a lush bouquet of roses, lilies, and orchids from Rusty and Holly, who had missed their favorite cruise-mates and wanted to wish them well with their recovery.
While in hospital, the Barringtons had been protected from all contact with the outside world. But at the swank resort, all bets were off. They now had access to phones, computers, and televisions, and that meant having to deal with the press. Things quickly got interesting. The world soon learned that a newlywed woman from Evanston, Illinois who was on a honeymoon cruise in the Caribbean, had fallen off a Norwegian Cruise ship, and her husband had jumped in to save her. The two had floated in the cool, rough water for hours before being rescued on a tiny stretch of rocks and sand. It was a juicy, romantic tabloid tale brimming with intrigue that got tongues wagging, and soon the rescued couple’s names were released to the media.
Back in sedate, upscale Evanston, Tom and Margo Drake were beside themselves when they discovered that the woman in the story was Roxy! They immediately contacted Norwegian Cruise Lines to get a phone number for the Pelican Princess.
The Drakes were bursting with questions for the cruise line, and their daughter. First and foremost, when had Roxy been found—and where? And why the blazes hadn’t they, her parents, been notified? Where had she been for the past two-and-a-half years? How had she managed to reconnect with her scoundrel ex, and why hadn’t anyone informed them that she had actually married him in Las Vegas? Last but not least, what exactly had transpired on that disastrous honeymoon cruise?
When Tom and Margo finally reached Roxy by phone, they were overjoyed, angry, confused, and desperate to see her again. They wanted to hop on the next flight to Cozumel, but Roxy pleaded with them to wait until she and Connor returned to Chicago, which they planned to do in a few weeks. The Drakes finally agreed, but dealing with them had been very stressful for their daughter, and stress was the last thing Roxy needed.
Connor’s parents also got in touch. Like the Drakes, they were bowled over by recent events and desperate for answers. Norwegian Cruise Lines provided a few, and Connor filled in the blanks.
Deeply shaken by all that had happened, Max and Rita told their son they were flying to Cozumel, pronto. Connor finally convinced them to stay put, after giving them his word that he and Roxy would fly to Chicago as soon as possible. There, the couple would meet with both sets of parents, explain their transgressions, and try to work things through. A sense of closure and peace would be the objective.
And then there was Logan. He had become alarmed when he couldn’t reach Roxy (Daisy) by e-mail. Her computer, of course, had perished in the Caribbean brine. He, too, wanted to hop on the next flight to Cozumel.
“What happened on the Star?” the rattled, overwrought cop demanded when he finally reached Roxy at the Princess. “How did you end up going overboard? That lunatic-husband of yours is responsible, isn’t he? He’s a serial wife-killer. Thank God you survived, unlike wives number one and two.”
“Logan, please!” Roxy cried. “Connor and I got into a fight over you. He was jealous, and chasing me and my computer around the ship. It was 3 o’clock in the morning and we were both drunk. I ended up falling off the upper deck and he jumped in after me. He swam around the dark water till he found me. I was almost unconscious. He saved my life.”
“Oh yeah?” Logan scoffed. “Maybe he was more interested in saving his own ass. He would have been hauled in for questioning in a New York minute if another wife had mysteriously died while on a honeymoon with him. The dude is no fool. He had to keep you alive.
“Daisy, please listen to me,” he implored, “you’re in danger with Connor. You need to get the hell out of Mexico and come back as soon as possible. Even if I have to guard you myself, 24/7, I’ll make sure nothing happens to you here.”
On and on it went with Logan during the phone calls. Roxy found it annoying and scary at the same time. Connor had saved her life, but Logan did have a point: he was also the reason she had been running around the ship, and, ultimately, had fallen off it.
When the cop wasn’t bad-mouthing Connor, he was pleading with Daisy to return to Vegas, get her marriage annulled, and marry him.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do,” the fragile, still woozy Roxy told him. “I don’t want to marry anyone right now. My track record with engagements, weddings, and relationships sucks. I need a break.”
Logan was angry and hurt that the only woman he had ever loved had left him at the altar, married someone else who was a disaster, and now wouldn’t agree to end that marriage and walk down the aisle with him. He felt frustrated, rejected, and furious.
“Well, Dais,” he informed her matter-of-factly during one of their calls. “I intend to push ahead and do some investigating into the deaths of Connor’s first two wives back in Colorado. It’s just too strange and suspicious. You marry this guy and go off on a honeymoon with him, and a week later you fall off a cruise ship and end up half-dead on some rocks in the middle of the Caribbean.
“Wife number one died on a ski lift, wife number two in a closet mishap, and you almost drowned. This all reeks of criminal intent. You gotta get away from this dude, or I’m calling the authorities in Denver and getting both cases reopened.
“Connor’s a menace to society,” he barreled on. “How would you feel if he ended up marrying again someday, and wife number four ended up dying on the honeymoon? We can’t let that happen.”
Roxy was shell-shocked by Logan’s sinister allegations. Was he right about Connor? Or was he so jealous and angry that he was spouting outrageous theories to scare Daisy and get her back? It was all so dark and unsavory. How had Roxy Drake’s once-wholesome, carefree, glamorous life careened into this Daisy Carter madness?

* * * * Chapter 36 * * * *
Roxy’s days at the Pelican Princess were sad and confusing, filled with tension and uncertainty. Her only consolation was that she was experiencing all this agony in such an idyllic setting. With its azure blue skies, temperatures in the mid-80s, and gentle breezes rustling through the palms, Cozumel was seventh heaven, a tropical paradise on steroids.
But Roxy was too distracted and disturbed to fully enjoy it. In her turquoise bikini with its sheer, matching cover-up, she spent endless hours lying idly on a chaise lounge beneath a red-and-white striped umbrella, reading and dozing while Connor swam, jet-skied, and snorkeled in the aqua-blue Caribbean. He tried to coax his bride into the warm, seductive water, but the thought terrified her. After her recent ordeal, any close encounter with the ocean rattled her.
A couple of times, the Barringtons took the ferry to charming Playa del Carmen on the mainland to have lunch at the chic Lara & Luca, shop for trinkets, and wander along the placid, palm-lined streets. But the 45-minute ferry ride made Roxy anxious. She preferred activities that kept her anchored on terra firma, like getting massages and facials in the spa, visiting Mayan ruins, and savoring sunset rides in horse-drawn carriages.
But no amount of spa treatments, ruins, or carriage rides could blunt the constant tension and doubts eating away at the Barringtons’ marriage. At the Princess, Roxy often felt nauseous from the ongoing anxiety. In their ocean-front suite, she and Connor were curt and sharp with each other. Roxy was grateful Connor had saved her life, but why had he been chasing her in the first place? Of course he was drunk, and so was she. But still. She knew she had gone too far when she climbed onto the ledge. Blame it on alcohol, again.
Both of them were responsible for the awful incident on the Star, but given Connor’s past, it only magnified her doubts and fears. Maybe Logan had it right, and she and Conner were a toxic combination. Maybe Logan was also right about Annie and Charlotte’s deaths, and, as Connor’s third wife, Roxy’s days were numbered. It was a chilling thought that often jolted her in the middle of the night or the calm of day.
Connor, meanwhile, was full of remorse and regrets over his behavior that last night on the Star. He expressed sorrow by the bucketsful every day, and tried to reconnect with Roxy physically. But she wouldn’t let him near her. She couldn’t bear the thought of his touching or kissing her. At night in their king-size bed, she stayed as far away from him as possible. She might as well have been on the other side of the world.
Even meal times were an ordeal. Eating with Connor in the Princess’s pristine, pink-marble dining room made Roxy sick to her stomach. It had all been too much. And the trauma wouldn’t subside with sweet talk and diamond trinkets from Cozumel’s glitziest jewelry shops.
Roxy was irrevocably damaged by what had happened on the Star and in the water. She had been through too much. She now felt somewhat frightened of people in general. Her PTSD was coming back, full force.
Roxy’s stay in Cozumel was dark and stormy, but there were bright spots. Jake’s call from Vegas was one of them. He was stunned by what had happened, and regretted his tipster alert to Connor in Chicago that had brought him back together with Roxy.
“Maybe I should have stayed out of it,” he said sheepishly. “I feel kind of responsible for the disaster on the ship. I knew about Connor’s past, but I didn’t believe it. It sounded too much like the script of a Lifetime movie. Never in a million years did I think you would be in danger.”
“It’s okay, Jake, you don’t have to apologize,” Daisy assured him, “I know you thought you were doing the right thing.”
“So, what are you going to do now?” Jake wanted to know. “Stay married to Connor, or go back to Adam-12?”
Daisy took a deep breath. It was the $64 million question.
“I don’t know, Jake,” she said softly. “We’ll talk about it more when I get back. I’ll be in Chicago for a couple of months, getting settled and reacquainted with my family. Then I’ll come out to Vegas to visit everyone and pack my things.”
There was also an emotional call from Crystal. Both girls burst into tears when they heard each others’ voices.
“Thank God you’re okay,” Crystal said, her voice wobbling a bit. “What the hell happened on that ship? Why did you jump?”
“Because Connor was chasing me and my computer,” Daisy answered. “We were both drunk. He was freaking out over e-mails from Logan.”
“Ohhh,” Crystal murmured. “You’ll have to fill me in on the details when you get back.”
“Okay, sweetie,” Roxy responded. “That will be one long lunch!”
Crystal also reported that everyone at Planet Binge was aware of the drama on the Star. Apparently it was the talk of Vegas, as well as Chicago and Denver. Connor and Roxy’s pictures had been plastered all over the papers, and so had Rusty and Holly’s. The Wisconsin couple had done interviews with several TV, radio, and newspaper outlets.
Lurid details of the incident were coursing through social media, too. Connor’s dark, unsavory past was being dredged up, and Roxy’s troubling history as Daisy Carter, including her kidnapping and captivity, were now part of the narrative.
Roxy felt nervous and violated by all the tabloid hype. After hiding out for two-and-a-half years as Daisy Carter, to be thrown into the media spotlight, full throttle, was the last thing she wanted or needed.
And then there were the men in her life. Roxy was in crisis, deeply uncertain about what to do next. She was still married to Connor, but if she stayed with him she feared she would be dead within a year. How can you build a marriage with someone you suspect might be trying to kill you?
Annie and Charlotte’s deaths were never far from her mind during these tense days. She wondered endlessly if Connor had somehow been responsible—directly or indirectly—for their deaths. She thought about the two key witnesses he had told her about. Should she talk to them? How reliable were they, anyway? One was a housewife in Texas who had been his dead wife’s best friend, and the other was a former handyman who was now in prison in Colorado. Maybe Connor had conned them both, or worked out some kind of deal with them, and they were both bogus?
Roxy (Daisy’s) relationship with Logan was also up in the air. During their phone calls, he repeatedly told her he still loved her. But would he be willing to forgive and forget that she had left him at the altar and married Connor instead?
Over and over, Logan pleaded with Daisy to leave Mexico immediately and fly to San Francisco. If she agreed, he would fly there also to meet her. A relative of his had a house on a romantic hillside overlooking the Bay. The place was vacant for a few months, and Logan had an open invitation to use it any time he wanted.
Daisy and he could have a relaxing stay, no family members, and talk things out. Daisy would be safe there. Logan would take care of her and keep her parents, Connor, and the cops away. It was tempting, but could Daisy still trust the handsome, blue-eyed lawman after everything that had happened?
Lastly, there was Jake. He was a friend of course, but his infatuation with Daisy was beginning to make her uncomfortable. If she wasn’t going to be with Connor or Logan, would he automatically assume he was the default choice? Were they headed for some sort of confrontation that would ultimately destroy their friendship? Roxy didn’t want to lose Jake, but if he pressured her in any way, she was going to assert herself. Could they still be friends after a showdown like that?
It was all so complicated.
Roxy also spent a lot of time fretting over what would happen when she and Connor returned to Chicago and she had to face her parents and the Barringtons again. What an ambush that would be. A category 5 storm, for sure. Everything she had done in the past two-and-a-half years would be thrown in her face and treated like some sort of frivolous joyride. Who would take the time to really sort it all out and see it for the lonely, grueling, confusing, and sometimes, lighthearted, adventure it was?

* * * * Chapter 37 * * * *
After three grim but sun-splashed weeks at the Pelican Princess, departure day finally arrived. In a white VIP-stretch limo, Connor, Roxy, and all their bags were transported to Cozumel International Airport.
Check-in went smoothly, but at the gate they were informed their flight to Chicago was running two hours late due to stormy weather in the Caribbean.
Connor was upset by the delay, but other than that, he was relieved they were finally going home to the Windy City on that early-August day in 2019. His construction company was working on major projects that needed his attention, and the cops in Mexico were making him nervous. Every time the detectives talked to him about his and Roxy’s fall from the Star, they shot him sly glances that suggested they knew something more. It creeped him out.
Connor was also looking forward to reuniting with his parents and brothers in Chicago. All four were flying in from Denver to welcome him and Roxy home, and celebrate their recent wedding. Of course, he wasn’t looking forward to seeing Tom and Margo Drake again. He wondered if they would ever be able to let go of the past and behave civilly. He was willing to do his part, but would the rigid, obstinate Drakes be willing to do theirs? Connor didn’t have a clue, but he hoped so for Roxy’s sake.
Because of the flight delay, Connor felt restless and wanted to make productive use of his time. Turning to Roxy, he said, “Babe, I’m going to grab some breakfast and make a few business calls. You’re welcome to join me.”
“Um, no thanks, I think I’ll stay here and do some reading,” Roxy replied politely. “See you in a bit.”
“Okay,” Connor said, as if he accepted it. But as he walked away, he muttered “typical Roxy” to himself. It killed him that things between them had become so cold and distant. Half the time, he had no idea what the hell was going on in his wife’s head. She treated him like he was some kind of criminal, as if she were afraid of him. Nothing could be worse for their marriage. He was hoping this trip back to Chicago would reconnect them, and that once they were settled in their new home in Evanston, Roxy would forget all about the trauma on the Star and settle into a state of normality with him.
Only time would tell.
Meanwhile, back at bright, expansive Cozumel International Airport, Roxy sat pensively at Gate 10, reading a magazine and waiting for the plane. A bright-eyed local boy with a big smile and a backwards Yankee cap suddenly approached her. In his hands was a dazzling bouquet of pink roses.
“Are you Daisy Carter?” he asked, cautiously.
“Um, yes,” Roxy said, taken aback.
“These are for you,” he replied, eagerly thrusting the flowers at her. “Here’s the card. Just sign here, please.”
Roxy signed the receipt and took the flowers. Everyone at the gate was riveted by the vibrant bouquet. Roxy assumed they were from her parents. But when she opened the card, there was a major surprise. In neatly scripted letters, it read:
Daisy, there’s a seat on Golden Eagle flight #4658 to San Francisco being held for you. It’s a nonstop, departing at 11:25. Just go to Gate 14, and get on as soon as you can. I’ll be waiting when you arrive.
All my love,
Logan
Roxy felt confused, but also strangely happy and relieved. She had mentioned to Logan that she and Connor were leaving for Chicago that day, and he had somehow gotten the flowers and note to her.
She felt torn, and unhinged. But there was no time to waste. She needed to make a decision—and she needed to make it now.
Turning to the woman sitting next to her, she inquired sweetly, “Would you watch my husband’s carry-on? He’s making some calls down the hall, and I need to pick up some things at the gift shop. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Smiling, the woman nodded and told Roxy it was no problem. Then, with the flowers in her hand, Roxy got up. Clutching the handle of her carry-on, she left Gate 10 and nervously made her way down the polished, acrylic-floored hall to Gate 14.
Her timing was perfect. Checking in as Daisy Carter, she flashed a Vegas ID and slipped into the boarding line just as it began moving. On the plane, Roxy’s heart was pounding with excitement, and also a mounting apprehension over Connor. But she didn’t let the worry get in her way as she settled in a window seat. Staring out, Roxy was mesmerized by the bands of grayish-black clouds drifting slowly through Cozumel’s deep blue sky.
Connor, meanwhile, was hustling back to Gate 10 to retrieve a phone number from his carry-on. He was shocked to see that Roxy was gone, and so was her Louis Vuitton bag.
Turning to the lady watching his carry-on, he calmly inquired, “Where’s my wife?”
“Um, at the gift shop, I think,” she replied, pointing down the hall.
“Will you watch my bag a bit longer?” he asked, now fearing the worst. “I need to find her.”
“All righty,” the woman chirped, going back to her magazine.
In his black V-neck sweater and jeans, Connor hurried down the long hall. Into the gift shop he darted. No sign of Roxy. He asked the check-out clerk if she had seen an attractive blonde, about 5’6”, wearing a pink jacket, white sweater, and jeans. Shaking her head, the woman returned to her cash register and long line of customers.
Outside the gift shop, Connor felt a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. Something was drastically wrong. Frantically, he continued scanning faces, searching the crowd for Roxy. There was no sign of her at Gate 11 or 12. Ditto for Gate 13. Spotting a security guard, Connor rushed up to him, described Roxy, and asked if he had seen her.
“Um, yes,” he answered. “She was at Gate 14 a little while ago.”
Connor sprinted to the gate. His heart sank when he saw row upon row of empty seats. Golden Eagle #4658 had just finished boarding and was about to take off.
Red-faced and breathless, Connor accosted the lone clerk at the check-in desk.
“I think my wife’s on this flight!” he blurted. “Could you find out if there’s a Roxy Drake or a Roxy Barrington on the passenger list? It’s going to San Francisco, right?”
“Yes, sir, that’s the destination,” the perky young lady replied. “We’re sorry, but for security reasons we can’t give out the names of passengers.”
“It’s an emergency, she’s my wife—please!” he begged, throwing his hands up.
The clerk caught the drift and felt sorry for him. He seemed like a nice, normal guy who was having a bad day. Maybe she could bend the rules, just this once.
“I’ll go ahead and check the list,” she told him, “but I’m really not supposed to.”
“Please hurry!” Connor implored, his heart racing.
Scanning the passenger list on her computer, she shook her head.
“There’s no Roxy Drake or Roxy Barrington on this flight.”
“Well, what about Daisy Carter?” a wild-eyed Connor asked.
She looked again.
“Yes, sir, there is a Daisy Carter on board.”
“Well, I need to get on, right away, and talk to her,” Connor insisted. “She’s my wife. This is urgent!”
“Sir, that’s not possible. The plane has been cleared for take-off and will be heading down the runway any minute.”
Connor couldn’t waste any more time.
Leaping past a couple of Golden Eagle clerks and a security guard, he bolted for the glass doors, yanked them open, and barreled through. What he saw on the other side blew him away. On the runway below, the aircraft was taxiing along at a mounting clip.
Refusing to give up, Connor galloped down two flights of grated metal steps. Suddenly he was on the gravel tarmac and in full pursuit of the hulking 747. Belching fuel and fumes, the big, twin-engine jet was a formidable sight as it rumbled down the concrete to a staging point where it would await instructions for take-off.
“Roxy! Roxy! Roxy!” Connor screamed, waving his arms frantically in his black sweater, jeans, and Italian loafers as he hurdled along to catch the aircraft. The flight’s passengers gaped down in amazement from their small windows, craning their necks for a view of the astonishing sight.
None was more startled than the blonde in 14C, who was blanching in fear and anger at the spectacle.
“My God, he can’t outrun this plane,” Roxy murmured to herself. “He’s got to stop!”
All 300 passengers were ordered to remain calm, despite their pleas for the jetliner to stop. But airport authorities overruled that request and ordered Golden Eagle #4658 to proceed with take-off. Now ready to do so, the big jet lumbered forward and quickly began picking up speed for its take-off.
Still running, still in the game, was Connor, now directly under the behemoth 747, and searching desperately for a protrusion to grab. In the final seconds, as the jet lifted up, he managed to spot the steel outcropping of the landing gear and leaped for it.
As the plane launched upward, so did Connor. He was swinging in mid-air, battered by the wind and holding on to the metal bar for dear life. He knew that this daredevil feat couldn’t last long. All he had wanted was for the pilot to turn the damn plane around and land it. Then Roxy could get off and explain why she was going to San Francisco.
Connor’s plan failed disastrously. As the aircraft lifted up, he lost his grip and plunged to earth, hundreds of feet down, crashing on the tarmac. His crumpled body lay still and motionless. Then something even more ghastly happened. In the chaos on the runway, a Tres Hermanos catering truck rushed by and ran over his broken body, killing him instantly. In the process, the vehicle’s door flew open and mounds of snack packs and plastic-wrapped pastries rained down on him, completely submerging his broken, mangled body.
When the dust cleared, Connor’s smashed body lay buried beneath tons of packaged peanuts and cakes. Roxy screamed at the gruesome sight, as did many of the other passengers. The flight crew again got on the mike and urged restraint while assuring everyone that ground security would promptly deal with the misbegotten mess.
Cozumel International Airport was quickly engulfed in mayhem, as ranks of first responders rushed to the runway. Gaping from every window in the terminal were hordes of onlookers, shocked and riveted by the grim scene.
The Mexican cops, medics, and coroner were alerted. After the mountain of snack packages were removed from Connor’s body, he was pronounced dead on the tarmac by a medical tech. In a black police van, Connor’s shattered remains were transported to the Cozumel morgue.
Meanwhile, a somber Golden Eagle Flight #4658 continued on to San Francisco. All of the passengers, including Roxy, were told what had happened to Connor. Everyone was stunned and aghast.
The check-in clerk had alerted the flight crew that Connor had been searching for passenger Daisy Carter. On the flight, special attention was paid to her. In her window seat, Daisy, who was of course Mrs. Connor J. Barrington, collapsed in tears and couldn’t stop. Luckily a doctor on board was carrying a bottle of Valium in her purse. A few pills later, Daisy felt calmer and was able to rest.
Later that day, back in Denver, Connor’s parents, Max and Rita Barrington, got a call from the Mexican police informing them that their son had died in a horrific accident at the Cozumel airport. A strange, freakish event that he, apparently, had brought about. The Barringtons were devastated beyond belief and demanded to speak to Roxy immediately. But that was not possible.

* * * * Chapter 38 * * * *
Out in the City by the Bay, Daisy Carter’s flight from Cozumel had just landed after a wearying nine hours. When she appeared in the gateway, listlessly dragging her carry-on, Logan ran up excitedly with a fresh bouquet of pink roses. But one look at her distraught expression, and he knew something was terribly wrong.
Suddenly, a contingent of cops surged forward to escort Daisy to a private office, for questioning. When Logan heard what had gone down at the Cozumel airport, he threw up his hands, aghast.
“Connor J. Barrington was a total nut case, a walking time bomb,” he shouted to onlookers. “He’s got two dead, young wives in his past, and Daisy almost became the third. The wounds from their recent fall into the Caribbean while on honeymoon have barely healed, and now this. I can’t say I’m surprised.”
Daisy insisted that Logan remain present as she answered the officers’ questions. Logan got everyone coffee and held Daisy’s hand during the interrogation. But of course, she had no culpability in what had happened.
After answering questions for a half-hour, a weepy, red-faced Daisy was let go. She asked the cops to call Connor’s parents in Denver, and her own folks in Evanston, and explain the full details.
“Just tell them I’m alright and that I’ll get in touch as soon as I can,” she said softly.
The Barringtons and Drakes didn’t have much of a choice. Nobody could get in touch with Roxy. They didn’t know where she was in San Francisco, or who she was with. And her computer was gone, awash in the Caribbean brine. As for her cell, the only people who knew her current number were Jake, Crystal, Logan, RaeLynn, and, of course, Connor.
Logan then drove Daisy to the borrowed house, high on a hill overlooking San Francisco Bay, where he was staying for two weeks. There she rested and tried to recover from her traumatic honeymoon. But she was drained and devastated, and could barely eat or sleep.
Daisy’s time with Logan was rather sad and strained. She was now a young widow who could marry him at a moment’s notice. But she had neither the energy nor the desire for any kind of romantic relationship with him. He was hurt and disappointed, but there wasn’t much he could do.
She had no idea what she would do when their two-week stay ended. She didn’t want to go back to Chicago and encounter her parents. She didn’t want to spend time with RaeLynn in Pahrump, or with Jake and his parents in Vegas. She would have enjoyed seeing Crystal, of course. But Crystal had just gotten engaged to Sam, and was off on a long visit to Dallas to meet his relatives before their upcoming wedding.
Daisy thought of Connor constantly—always with wonder and amazement. Why had he run after her plane and put his life at risk? Of course he wanted to stop the aircraft so he could prevent her from leaving. But it was such a desperate, extreme act. Weeks earlier, he had saved her from drowning in the Caribbean, again putting his own life at risk. It made her wonder if maybe this man did truly love her. Was she wrong to have doubted him when she bolted from Caesar’s?
Daisy still had feelings for Logan, but his harsh judgments of Connor had created tension between them. She now wondered if Connor had been the love of her life, even though Logan dismissed him as a sadistic, wife-killing psychopath. It’s pretty hard to bridge a gap like that.
In her turmoil and grief, Roxy turned to her childhood BFF, Amy Powell. She was now working at a prominent ad agency on Madison Avenue in New York, and living on the Upper West Side. Connor had filled Roxy in on Amy’s exciting new life when he flew out to Vegas before she was supposed to marry Logan.
More and more, Roxy thought of Amy. After deciding she didn’t want to go back to Vegas with Logan, she rang her up in late August.
The last time they had seen each other was in her parents’ suite at Caesar’s, when the awful brawl broke out between Roxy’s father and Connor. Amy, who had flown out from Chicago with her, was set to be her maid of honor.
They’d had no contact since that fateful morning. And now, both of them were thrilled to re-connect. Realizing they had a lot to catch up on, Amy issued an invitation.
“If you ever want to just get away, come and visit me here,” she said sweetly. “I’ve got an amazing apartment with a spare bedroom that has a pretty view of the park. I’m always working, so you’d have plenty of time to explore the city, but we could do fun stuff, too.
“I’d love to see you, Rox. It’s been too long.”
Who could resist an invitation like that? Roxy decided she would go to New York. But she knew it wouldn’t be easy. It would be a seismic shock to Logan, and everyone waiting in Denver, Chicago, and Vegas. But that was tough. She had been through enough. It was time for a break.
Autumn in New York was just what she needed. She would take long walks in Central Park, indulge in girl talk with Amy, and try to figure out what she would do next.

