

I Woke Up Feeling Thailand.
“A remarkable new talent. Starrs’ hilarious parody of Westerners adrift in small town Thailand is destined to become a backpacker’s favorite.” - Barry Scott, author of Love and Wigs: Poems of Bangkok, Bollywood and Beyond (Australia: Transit Lounge Publishing, 2003).

First Edition: Sid Harta Publishing, Hartwell, Vic., Australia, 2004. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs 2004, ISBN: 1-877059-77-3 (256 pages, paperback only, presently out of print). Second Edition (i.e. this one): Written by Dr D. Bruno Starrs and published via Smashwords. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs 2012, ISBN: 9781301029778 (E-book).


Smashwords Edition License Notes.
This E-book, entitled I Woke Up Feeling Thailand, is the second edition of the 2004 novel of the same name, written by D. Bruno Starrs and published via Sid Harta, Australia, in 2004. This second edition was written and published by Dr D. Bruno Starrs via Smashwords, and is licensed for the individual buyer’s use and enjoyment only. Although it is not protected by Digital Rights Management, it may not be resold or given away to any other person/s. Please.
It is easy enough to steal, but if you would like someone else to share in your enjoyment of this work, please ask them to download their own free copy and perhaps to even take a look at the author’s latest full-length new novel entitled Bollywood Extras (and take advantage of the 20% free sampling!)
So. here’s to thanking you in advance, for respecting the long, hard work of a self-publishing author!

I Woke Up Feeling Thailand.
2nd Edition, 2012.
A tale of cheap drugs, cheap sex and teaching English ... on the cheap.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.
TITLE PAGE.
CHAPTER 1. CANDY.
CHAPTER 2. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 3. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 4. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 5. SIP EAK TAOWETSUWAN.
CHAPTER 6. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 7. HARRY.
CHAPTER 8. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 9. PUI.
CHAPTER 10. CANDY.
CHAPTER 11. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 12. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 13. PUI.
CHAPTER 14. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 15. LEO.
CHAPTER 16. HARRY.
CHAPTER 17. GENERAL AUNG.
CHAPTER 18. SIP EAK TAOWETSUWAN.
CHAPTER 19. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 20. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 21. HARRY.
CHAPTER 22. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 23. PUI.
CHAPTER 24. LEO.
CHAPTER 25. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 26. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 27. GENERAL AUNG.
CHAPTER 28. CANDY.
CHAPTER 29.LEO.
CHAPTER 30. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 31. GENERAL AUNG.
CHAPTER 32. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 33. CANDY.
CHAPTER 34. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 35. POOL BOY.
CHAPTER 36. KEOWAH.
CHAPTER 37. CANDY.
CHAPTER 38. CHERYL.
CHAPTER 39. LEO.
CHAPTER 40. SIP EAK TAOWETSUWAN.
CHAPTER 41. HARRY.
CHAPTER 42. PUI.
CHAPTER 43. GENERAL AUNG.
CHAPTER 44. BAYARD.
CHAPTER 45. LEO.
CHAPTER 46. POOL BOY.
CHAPTER 47. CANDY.
CHAPTER 48. LEK NO. 33, 816.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 1.
Candy.

Ah woke up feelin’ … tired. Discombobulated. Groggy. Nooo, ah had not slept with some fella who self-deprecatingly calls hisself ‘Groggy’ and wuz still ‘feelin’ his presence; altho’ there wuz that night in ‘09 … No, that particular … ah … experience … is entirely irrelevant! What ah means to say is: Lawd Almighty, does my poor ol’ head hurt!
Ah tried to remember what happened last night … to get my bearin’s back on track, so’s to speak. That’s right – it’s comin’ back now - Jethro an’ me wuz knockin’ back that ole Beer Chang (which apparently means ‘two white elephants takin’ a shower from a red brick well in the ground’) - brand beer with this Aussie backpacker fella who wuz tellin’ us about the gold medal what Beer Chang won at the 1998 Australian International Beer Awards.
The Aussie’s name wuz Barry an’ he knew all about it on account of him being, well, an Aussie. They’re the world’s “Bloody Experts” on beer according to Barry.
“You know, Candy,” he had said, leaning in even closer to my cleavage, “Beer Chang was actually made by the Carlsberg company, and when they won the gold medal the Vice President of Carlsberg, one ‘Jim-bo’ Napier, said - an’ Barry then put on this real smarmy, high-falutin’ voice:
“We are now the market leader in Thailand. Awards like this are very important because they take a regional beer out of its background and show the world how fine it is.”
“But the gold medal they were so proud of was also awarded to 83 of the 87 other beers entered in the same category by a bunch of enterprising Australian university students who started the competition just so they could get heaps of free beer! And they did, pallet-loads of booze from all over the world! No bull, mate! Makes me proud to be an Aussie!”
Barry went on, in between great fits of laughter in which he wuz bent over like some kinda dyin’ man, tellin’ us that in fact it wuz the more expensive “Singha Beer” - or Beer Sing, as the locals call it - made by Boon Rawd Brewery that wuz the leader of the Thai market with over 80% of domestic sales (that means beer sold in the country it was made in, not whether it can do your household chores as well).
Man, did Jethro laugh at that information: he always thinks other foreigners are jus’ plain stupid compared to us Americans an’ he figured this wuz typical of the Thais, too. What with him having all of four days experience in Thailand now, Jethro already considered himself the expert on South-East Asia
He. Is. An. Idiot.
Oh, what the hell, Ah couldn’t care less. Beer Chang didn’t taste too bad to me, an’ it sure wuz cheap!
So, there we wuz wanderin’ along Khao Sahn Road an’ Thai people wuz askin’ us weird stuff like “You wanna drink snake blood?” an’ sayin’ to Jethro weird shit like “Good time! Girl, boy, ladyboy, fuckee fuckee, no problem!” An’ every cafe or bamboo an’ canvas restaurant seemed to have a big screen video with either “The Simpsons” or the Leo DeCaprio movie ‘bout a Thailand dope island playin’.
An’ then we met this itty-bitty, pot-bellied Burmese fella who kept askin’ questions about Texas an’ if we wanted to teach him English, an’ he kept on touchin’ my long blonde hair - which, ah has to admit, is one of my better features, and ah seems to recall that didn’t impress Jethro none. We wuz drinkin’ in this outside restaurant where this Burmese fella called Sawayark had no hesitation in pulling his tee-shirt up over his brown, hairless paunch for all to see. He wuzn’t the only local who bared their bellies in order to cope with the Bangkok heat, either. They wuz like dogs with their tongues hangin’ out only it wuz their guts that wuz doin’ all the pantin’.
Jethro an’ ah just kept on sweatin’ like pigs, which wuz’nt so bad coz we’d been laughin’ so much at the way the Thai waiters kept prayin’ at us that ah’d actually wet myself a little. Just a tiny bitta leakage. They kept on bringin’ their palms together like a little church steeple and right up to their nose whenever that show-off Jethro gave them a 10 baht tip, an’ we wuz playin’ it for all it wuz worth. An’ the girls wuz even funnier; they’d do this little curtsy bob-down thingy as they did the prayin’ part. Barry said it was called a “Wai”. Real cute it wuz an’ Jethro couldn’t help makin’ fun of them. But we wuz from out of town, so to speak, an kinda knew we’d get away with some attitude.
“Manna from heaven, my oriental friend,” said Jethro, an’ ah’d follow-up, shakin’ my finger like a schoolteacher, with “Be not led into temptation, for money is the root of all evil … an’ the best drugs!”
Ah don’t think they understood we wuz taking the mickey, but even if they did we wuzn’t getting’ back any bad vibes so we kept on jokin’ around an’ havin’ a great time, thanks to that good ole Beer Chang an’ also to the big, fat reefer Bazza - which is what he insisted we called him - laid on us right there on the table next to the pavement of Khao Sahn road. 
Where anyone could see and certainly smell the mary jane.
“No problem, Police get their tip every month!” he said, but little Sawayark wuz catchin’ on to our hijinks, coz he spoke some English, an’ ah think he said somethin’ to Bazza coz he kinda told us to cool it; which we did when he bought over some soup with these huge shrimps an’ shellfish in this kinda silver urn with a li’l ole Bunsen burner underneath. He said it wuz called “Tommy yummy”, or somethin’, an’ Lawd Almighty it wuz delicious!
An’ ah remember ah put on my best Blanche DuBois’ Southern belle accent an’ said, real theatrical-like:
“Why, thank you, Mr. Sawayark, sir. Ah have always depended on the kindness of strangers.”
But the Burmese fella didn’t get the ‘inter-cultural reference’, so to speak, so me an’ Jethro had ourselves a mighty delicious free dinner. Course, everythin’ we ate so far in Thailand wuz delicious an’ so cheap it wuz nearly free; like banana pancakes, Pad Thai noodles, chunks of pineapple sprinkled with salt an’ sugar … Ah wuz pretty heavy-boned before ah came here an’ ah reckon ah’ll be even heavier when it comes time to go home - tho ah ain’t gonna try them deep fried scorpions or grasshoppers.
Ah draws the line at eatin’ bugs!
Hmm, to think that only six weeks ago we wuz stuck in our trailer with no jobs an’ nothin’ to do but drink hootch an’ sell crack. An’ then we bought some cheeseburgers from the drive-thru in town an’ scratched off the free contest card an’ WOO HOO! - a two weeks all expenses paid holiday in Thailand. But it’s a shame that Jethro swapped our plush hotel rooms for that quarter-kilo of speed on the second day. Oh, yeah, a quarter-kilo is about half a pound; they measure things different here. We’d just met this sweet Thai girl in the foyer an’ she an’ ah got on real well right from the start. She was the one who scored us the speed.
I kinda had the hots for this Thai girl, who seemed so confident, as did Jethro, the sleazy pig. Ah bet he wuz hopin’ for a bit of three-way action, coz she wuz real stunnin’ – an’ tall, too, for a Thai chick. Jus’ like that Sawayark fella, she wuz quite taken by my hair. Ah reckon if Jethro wuz blonde, too, then he woulda seen some three-way action after all … 
Now, what’d she call the speed? That’s right – “Yaah baah” … Hmm, actually, weren’t no shame really about the room, on account of that shit wuz A1 grade. An’ all we had to do wuz get it home an’ we’d be rich!
Yep, it wuz one helluva night, but ah don’t even remember comin’ back to the guesthouse last night, though … Oh, shoot, well, Jethro’ll remember - he never fergits nuthin’ when he’s speedin’ … 
“Jeth, honey!”
There wuzn’t no answer.
Ah tried to roll onto my side but somethin’ wuz stoppin’ me.
Hey, just a minute: Ah’m tied up in this here bed! With handcuffs! Admittedly, they’re nicely padded handcuffs ...
An’ ah can remember from the night before at the guesthouse that there wuz a creaky ole ceiling fan, coz we couldn’t afford no air conditionin’ on the spendin’ money we had left, an’ this room now has air con - Ah can feel it on my boobs, which, come to think of it, ain’t the only part of me that’s nekkid. That dirty ole Jethro! But Ah ain’t up to no foolin’ around - Ah still gotta whoppin’ headache!
“Jethro! Ah ain’t in no mood for none a your kinky-ass games, babe!”
There still wuzn’t no answer. The lazy bum wuz probably takin’ a dump (he always fucked better after a crap). Ah twisted around on the bed trying to see where the can wuz; an’ then ah saw it all.
Lawd Almighty! There wuz six or seven other beds in the room, each with a blonde, nekkid chick asleep an’ tied up in it with handcuffs! An’ there wuz an IV feed hooked up to the wrist of each of those chicks! An’ there wuz bars on all the windows!
Bluish-white fluorescent tubes buzzed loudly above me. An’ in each corner of the ceilin’ ah could see a tiny little video camera pointed down at us with an itty-bitty red light glowin’ next to its lens. An’ then ah looked down at my own left arm an’ there was an IV drip hangin’ out of me, too!
Ah sure wuzn’t in no cheap Khao Sahn Road guesthouse no more.
Ah sucked in a big lungful of air an’ screamed.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 2.
Bayard.

From the customs lanes the passengers debouched single file into the milling, teeming mass of the arrivals lounge of Bangkok’s second airport, Suvarnabhumi International. There, I’d been told, would await my greeter. With eagle eyes peeled, I soon spotted her.
She was holding an A4 sized placard with “Threeplewood” inscribed upon it in child-like hand-writing, and the seemingly young native Thai teacher of English looked me up and down with nary a thought to concealing her malevolent intent.
Indeed, ice seemed to form on her upper slopes and her breath began misting the glass partitioning of the airport waiting room.
The agenda of the comely but silent wench was obvious. Put simply, she was to visually appraise this new native English speaker’s suitability - my suitability - for the vacant English lecturing position I had been commissioned to fill at her Rajabhat (the Thai university, where, as a white-skinned Westerner, I would earn around five times as much as her probably more deserving and better qualified self).
Convinced of my inadequacy, she would then report back to her dean that my passport photo was a misleading forgery: I was either a long-haired hippie or a tattooed criminal and by sending me on my way she had saved the Institute immense shame and embarrassment. “Saving face”, I already knew thanks to several forums on the Internet, of course, is of utmost importance to most Asians.
So here I was, self-consciously toting my faux-ostrich skin briefcase filled with the compendium of exaggerations and half-truths otherwise known as my CV, my British passport (authentic) and my Cambridge University degree and academic transcript (also authentic): documents all verifying that I meet the Selection Criteria - documents all corresponding with the details I had provided in my job application form and curriculum vitae, which was so long I sometimes joked that it made the Old Testament look like a haiku poem.
But these papers alone would not keep me in the lifestyle I had grown accustomed to, through various loans from ecstasy-dealing former friends and a sizeable Bank of Britain overdraft, so I had pecuniary plans in addition to Rajabhat teaching for my new life in Thailand.
Buoyed emotionally at having collected the rest of my irreplaceable luggage from the conveyor belts and having passed through customs relatively quickly, and filled with the adrenaline that surely accompanies the beginning of any foreign adventure, I was feeling confident.
Thus, the pretty Thai lady’s arrogant demeanor hardly fazed me all.
In the spirit of international diplomacy, I offered the young woman my most captivating smile. As her coffee-colored brow furrowed I could tell she was as yet immune to my formidable Western charm and allure, but I knew she would nevertheless weaken. Eventually, I assured myself, mesmerized by my masterful Lothario-like manners, the ladies of Thailand such as she would follow me in droves, like moths to a naked flame. Naked being the operative word, I hoped … 
But as I stood there, her moss-brown, doe eyes lingered, unimpressed, upon my shorter left leg, and I knew this was the moment to exercise my best charm. Indeed, had she observed my superfluous nipple I daresay she would have at that moment turned tail and ran screaming ‘Foreigner is devil! Foreigner is devil!’ (or whatever is the Thai language equivalent) at the top of her Buddhist lungs. But my pale ribcage was shielded from her prying gaze by a chemise of the finest white polyester cotton.
I momentarily toyed with the notion of mentioning my status as Associate Member and Vice President of the Fabian Society of Cambridge to gain her respect. This frequently worked back home in ‘Ye Olde Blighty’ with the elderly matrons at the local Municipal Public Library turning a blind eye when and where I had sometimes found myself dossing down after hours between the stacks when my cash-flow was. well, minimal.
You could say I had a talent for society but no talent for wealth. Or, in more prosaic terms, a wealth of real experience but limited experience of real wealth.
However, my physical imperfections not withstanding, it appeared my elegant demeanor and insouciance had wordlessly appeased her critical eye, and she refrained from pointing summarily to the departure lounge and thrusting my return air-ticket back at me.
Catching a glimpse of my reflection in the window of one of the myriad of currency exchange offices lining the walls of the cavernous Suvarnabhumi airport foyer, I paused for a moment of genuflection and was able to appreciate my dependably elegant sartorial visage. Ah, yes; the good people of Thailand were in for a lesson not just in the English language but also in fashion, grooming and etiquette - British style, eh, what, old cock?
Despite the fourteen hours in a Thai International airliner from cosmopolitan and genteel Heathrow (spent squeezed between a 6’ 7” tall Danish Viking-cum-backpacker - with Celtic tattoos on his neck, beach sandals on his feet and bracelets on his wrists - to my left and a bloated, snoring Malaysian grandmother - in an over-tight purple tracksuit to my right - I still appeared fresh and elegant.
My embroidered silk faculty tie remained neatly Windsor-knotted and snugly abutting the base of my stiff oxford collar. My pure merino double-pleated and silk-lined fine woolen trousers by Forsyth and Sons (purchased on the strength of a check conveniently dated one year in the future - retail staff are such inattentive fools these days!) were only marginally, even trend-settingly, crumpled. Forsyth and Sons, whilst poor judges of shop assistants, were tailors of almost magical expertise, capable of hiding even the most prominent of back humps, paunches or pigeon chests with their custom-made attire. Indeed, when seated, or at least from a great distance, my withered left leg might possibly pass unnoticed, thanks to their excellent stitching. My recommendations to fellow expatriates alone should be sufficient to cancel any debt to their firm. 
The flight to Thailand (known historically as Siam), had been long but I made the most of it. As soon as the fasten seatbelt sign off I rushed to the toilets, one after the other, to stock up on soaps, razors, tissues, cologne and combs. All into my carry-on baggage, along with some fawning to my co-travelers: “So, sorry, sir, but I simply must access the overhead locker and I will try not to bother you anymore than is necessary throughout the remainder of our journey.”
Returning thence to my seat, I ordered the diabetic meal from the passing Air Hostess. As expected, they didn’t know what diabetic food actually was and brought me everything on the menu. So, I got both the chicken and the beef. Luverly!
Sated, I then regarded my fellow passengers around me with critical disdain - male Westerners, mostly, with big dumb bellies, shorts with too many dumb pockets, vests with even more dumb pockets, long socks and sandals. Some even were wearing Hawaiian shirts. Ghastly, the dumb lot of them.
Compared to they I looked like neither English football hooligan nor aging German sex tourist, examples of which I knew were in distasteful abundance in this airport foyer I now found myself entering, the last obstacle to the world renown temple of hedonism that is … Bangkok.
These ghastly men have come to party, and there is blood, and other substances, in the alcohol soon to be running through their veins.
These ghastly men are certainly not in Thailand for altruistic reasons: no seekers of spiritual enlightenment or budding Buddhist monks amongst these (to some commentators: ‘despicable’) sex tourists. The few exceptions were the overly zealous, close-minded and horribly fanatical missionaries, such as the teenage Elders from Salt Lake City, ready to mount their bicycles, travel to far-flung reaches of the Kingdom and attempt to convert all the happy Buddhists into unhappy Mormons.
Then there were the slightly less ghastly oil workers and their ilk, whom, deprived of alcohol and feminine companionship due to the isolated geography of their workplaces, descended upon Bangkok on very personal missions to make wholehearted demonstrations against sobriety and clean living. Until their next rostered tour of lonely, sea and oil company-bound duty was scheduled again.
I was brother to none of these sex freaks or career desperadoes. I was here in Thailand to bolster my academic credentials by teaching English and would soon be leaving the bustle and bullshit of Bangkok and all its ghastly tourists behind.
Still, it is an interesting city. My Internet research, which had also landed me this teaching position, as advertised on www.ajarnteacher.com, told me there are no official population census numbers for Bangkok because some two million denizens come and go according to how their crops are faring back on their farms. If the rice is still growing then there’s nothing else to do but sojourn to the Big Mango until it is ready to harvest. Nevertheless, the figure of 11 million is often bandied about as Bangkok’s population.
My research had also impressed upon me the importance of looking business-like to the petty officialdom of Thai academia, despite the drain on my financial reserves such efforts would effect. As a result, I was the “Gentlemen’ s Quarterly” magazine column ‘More dash than cash’ personified, and this, I knew, would prove my saving grace come what bureaucracy may (British thrift shops were under-exploited goldmines to the sartorially select such as I).
So here I finally was, correctly-dressed and with a respectable mission, in the capital city of Thailand. Established in 1782 after the fall of the former capital, Ayutthaya, to the hated Burmese in 1767 (the ruins of which are still located just 76 kilometers away), Bangkok’s full Thai name is a mouthful; a mouthful that will leave you struggling for air: 
Krungthepmahanakhonamornrattanakosinmahintarayutthayamahadilokpopnopparattanaratchathaniburiromudomratchaniwetmahasathanamornphimanawartansatitsakkatatiyavishnukamprasit.
Needless to say, this is the world’s longest city name. It translates roughly as “The City of Angels, the Great City, the Immortal Magnificent Jeweled City of Great Indra, the Great Un-Impregnable Capital of the World endowed with Nine Precious Gems, the Royal City of Happiness Abounding in Royal Palaces, The Great Place, the Immortal Abode of the Gods, the Residence of the Incarnate Deity, the City Given by Indra and Built by Vishu”.
Thai town planners are not known for their use of English-style punctuation.
Apart from calling it Bangkok, foreigners also refer to it as “The Big Mango”, “The Venice of the East” (due to its complex network of canals), “The City of Angels” (due to its complex network of working girls faking angel-like sincerity), or, more pragmatically, “Sin City”.
Ignoring its international rotation as a center for sleaze, Thais themselves tend to shorten the name to simply “Krung thep”.
Thanks to the Andrew Lloyd Webber hit stage musical “Chess”, it is also known as the city where spending one night will “make a hard man humble” - whatever that might possibly mean. It is a city that fuses traditional Siamese charm with imported, soul-less Western urbanization. From being “The Venice of the East”, Bangkok has degenerated into the “Monument to the Toy - Oh – Tah”.
Yet paradoxically, even the most towering skyscrapers of glass, steel and concrete usually have a tiny wooden shrine permanently situated at the ground floor door, complete with offerings of fruit and sweets laid out for the Buddha and/or a multitude of animist spirits. Bangkok is a city of contradictions – but it is not my first choice of residency. No, I was destined for the quieter, less frenetic pace of a sleepy country town known as Chachoengsao.
With its crowds, pollution and rip-off artists, Bangkok is a nice place to pronounce as you pass through (unless you go for the unabbreviated moniker) but I wouldn’t want to actually live there. Survive there would be a more accurate term, I am sure.
My Internet research had also informed me that Chachoengsao is believed to be a relatively new town established in the Ayutthaya period around the year AD 1549, during the reign of King Maha Chakkraphat, ostensibly for armed force recruitment purposes. There still stands, in the centre of the city, a brick and concrete fort with several rusting cannons facing the river.
Mention of Chachoengsao town was first found in the historical records of the reign of King Maha Thammaracha, when Siam found itself in a particularly vulnerable situation due to the recent humiliating defeat by the Burmese. Phraya Lawaek, a Khmer king from what has been named Kampuchea and now re-named Cambodia, realized an ideal opportunity to extract Thai manpower from that locale to form his own private work force.
He led his army across land and water to forcibly remove a huge conscript of people from Chanthaburi, Rayong, Chachoengsao, and neighboring Nakhon Nayok. Eventually Chachoengsao, also commonly called “Paet riu”, was returned to the people of Thailand and is now the capital city of Chachoengsao Province, occupying an area of 5.35 square kilometers. Its area is a low basin most suitable for agricultural purposes; especially the cultivation of rice, which is an economically important crop providing the principal income for the entire province. Thailand, of course, is the world’s largest exporter of rice. Just another handy little Wiki factoid, folks.
So ... Chachoengsao is the capital of a vast farming community and boasts very little in the way of tourist attractions, thereby attracting few foreigners. The guidebooks all agreed it was an unattractive town of no interest whatsoever to the foreign visitor. This was a significant motivating factor in my choice of destination: I wanted to get away from all those ghastly tourists and off the beaten track so as I might experience the real Thailand.
But these statistics about Chachoengsao I was sure my reluctant acquaintance already knew.
Having passed my initial visual examination, with a cursory “Follow me” the petite, light brown-skinned woman turned smartly on her well polished heels and strode away. I struggled to keep pace with my less than eager Thai greeter as we exited the Suvarnabhumi airport (which my “Only A Planet” guidebook informed me would process well over 20 million travelers a year), and thence onto the concourse outside.
The humidity of the midnight Bangkok air hit me square in the face in the face like a well-aimed slimy fish. I recoiled as one would from a boxer’s left hook and took pains to wipe the condensation from my glasses in case, sight impaired, I were to blunder into the path of a hurtling motorized tricycle taxi - otherwise known as “Tuk tuks” or “Samlors” (“Sam” being Thai for ‘three’, and “Lor” - And I’m guessing now, must surely mean ‘wheels’?).
My feminine consort advised me to wait for our dedicated transport as countless desperate taxi drivers jostled like crazed, bargain-hungry housewives at a post-Christmas department store sale for our attention and patronage.
Compared to the air-conditioned environment of the airport, outside was like a stinking, steaming sauna that something big and hairy had crawled into a week ago before dying.
“My God, it’s hot! And what, pray tell, is that awful stench?”
“That awful stench”, said my Thai companion, “Is Bangkok. Don’t worry, Ajarn Threeplewood, the Rajabhat campus is not quite so odorous.” 
The concourse outside the arrivals terminal usually provides the first of Bangkok’s innumerable assaults on a Westerner’s sensibilities. It marks the beginning of a phenomenon officially known as “Culture Shock”, which results in the oft seen foreigner’s unabashedly gaping mouth (very much in danger of catching flies - from sheer slack-jawed, dumb-founded amazement).
Thailand is so very different to the worlds they have left behind. So incredibly exotic, it can be exciting to simply stand and watch it live and breathe. But still, after twenty minutes, eventually I grew tired of leaning against the solid wall of Bangkok smog whilst we patiently waited for our dedicated transportation, so I decided to impress my Rajabhat cohort with my self-taught Thai.
This was to be the first test of my ability to assimilate, and I drew a deep breath.
“Khun cheur arai, khrap?”
This innocent question resulted in my Thai companion giving me what I was later to label “The Thai Look”. This look says: “You are an idiot, a moron, and probably an imbecile as well”.
I was as yet unaware of the frequency with which I was to receive “The Thai Look” from Thai people.
Her dour expression eventually softened, fractionally.
“OK. What did you say?”
Greater scorn could not possibly be packed into four mere syllables, but I detected just the slightest whiff of humanity about her as well, so I smiled. This behavior, I had read, was perfectly good Thai behavior: smile when nervous or otherwise agitated. I was sure I had pronounced my query flawlessly - certainly according to my earlier cogitation and study. I repeated my question, adding the English version to be safe.
“Khun cheur arai, khrap? … Ah, what’s your name?”
As she duly comprehended my meaning she collapsed in a convulsing heap, proving she was human after all, with a peal of laughter like waves breaking on a stern and rocky coastline, before responding in her near perfect English with an explanation about my mispronunciation.
Apparently, I had asked her if she was called “Aroy”, or delicious. I instantly blushed at my incompetence and she seemed to empathize slightly. Her disdain abated momentarily and, after explaining the pitfalls in learning Thai from non-native Thai teachers, and I explained that the exact same issues faced we Native Teachers of English, I finally learnt her name was Keeohwaa - aah. Well, that’s how she sang it to me, in the lilting tones of the Thai language that make it nigh on impossible for Farang such as I to master.
Her name, like my own, was to be preceded in formal speech by the title “Ajarn”, which means Teacher.
But this touching moment of communication between us soon ground to a halt as her dour expression returned. It became apparent her extraordinary beauty was only matched by her seemingly arrogant disinterest in me. Indeed, after my initial impression of her tender years had dissipated, I became aware of the fact that she was, in reality, a very attractive yet deceptively mature woman - probably about 32 years old; but still some 17 years my junior.
Her hair was a glossy bluish black; the color of sable. Straight and immaculate, it hung to the small of her back like a shimmering silk tapestry. 
Her eyes were brown, slowed down but simultaneously alert.
The faintest smear of pink lipstick and a smudge of shiny brown eye shadow complemented her somewhat flat but exquisitely shaped nose.
Dressed conservatively in a white blouse, navy blue knee-length skirt and black pumps, her un-stockinged legs were brown and slender, muscled in a healthy but not overly athletic way. A slight sheen lent her unshaved yet utterly hairless limbs a sensuality I was finding most attractive. And exciting. Very, very exciting. She was a no-nonsense kind of girl whose business-like exterior almost certainly hid a wild jungle-like sexuality, I fantasized.
Or so my neglected and libidinous id whispered to my rapidly weakening superego.
I considered the possibility of reciting the abstract from my recent paper on Kierkegaard and the Phenomenon of Online Dating I had presented at the Cambridge Alumni Society in London; a place where I had begun to realize I was losing my edge when mere acquaintances asked me to lend them money, having beaten me to the very question I was intending to ask them.
But I thought some small talk with her might serve my romantic prospects better. This was not to be, however, as the evil red devil in my mind thrust his three-pronged pitchfork with deadly accuracy into the soft yielding arse of the sleeping angel of my conscience and effectively drove away any subtlety.
“Ah … um … er … I don’t suppose … Are you married, Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah?”
“Please do not speak, Ajarn Threeplewood.”
My attempt at sweet talk had failed like an ice skater trying to glide across gravel, and I felt my confidence plummet to somewhere around my ankles. Not another word more did she utter as we finally boarded the mercifully air-conditioned Rajabhat minibus that was to ferry us, and my six items of embossed saltwater crocodile-skin luggage (carefully and cunningly collected from the luggage carousels at Heathrow whilst their owners were delayed in customs), across the 80 miles or so to the country farming township of Chachoengsao.
The dark, moonless night sky and the reckless absence of headlights on approaching traffic prevented me, thankfully, from acknowledging the peril the overall-ed bandido at the wheel was exposing us to, or from witnessing his bloodshot eyes and maniacal grin. Later, whilst utilizing the services of the ubiquitous motorcycle taxis, I would not be so lucky as I learnt the real meaning of expressions such as “white knuckle motoring” and why the laundry staff were reluctant to clean underwear for foreigners. But such is the life of an intrepid proselytizer of sartorial style and the Queen’s English that I, Bayard Q. Threeplewood Esq. (graduate of Cambridge University with First Class Honors in Inconsequential Semantics), must periodically endure when pressed to escape impatient creditors (yes, by running away and taking up employment in a foreign land). For the moment, however, I was content to pocket my glasses, cushion my head on my folded Donegal tweed cap and doze.
Sleeping, I thus managed to miss the approaching view of Chachoengsao on the horizon, appearing like three or four fulgent candles in the murky night sky ahead of us. Nor was I aware we had driven almost all the way through the township to its very outer eastern edge until Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah spoke.
“Here now.”
Shaking me with the strength of a Muay Thai kickboxer, Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah stirred me un-gently from my fitful slumber. She doubled her previously manifest repertoire of facial expressions by smiling keenly (if the bared teeth of such a malignant countenance could really be labeled a smile) and repeated herself:
“Here now.”
I woke up feeling ... tired. Confused. Disoriented. Roused from my torpor, I squinted through the tinted windows and realized the minibus had achieved a state of inertia and that our surroundings were now entirely free of traffic. Indeed, we certainly were “here now”, although “here” seemed to be absolutely nowhere in particular.
I climbed out of the minibus and immediately stubbed my good toe on a coconut. Wincing in pain, I hopped about a few times then clicked my fingers in anticipation of an eager bellhop’s attention but, sadly, none appeared.
Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah looked at me disdainfully - I was beginning to wonder if she possessed any expressions that did not convey at least an undercurrent of displeasure - and pointed to a squat concrete bungalow across what appeared to be a semi-flooded paddy field.
“There is hotel. Bye - bye.”
Suddenly, the distant, eerie sound of a woman moaning drifted fleetingly into earshot. Keeohwaa – aah’s eyes widened with fear and despite - or perhaps because of - the unsettling nature of that plaintive groan from afar, a machismo-like urge to protect her surged through my veins as I realized I was warming to this initially cold and aloof woman.
She furtively glanced about and uttered her farewell again.
“Be careful, Ajarn Bayard,” she added, before turning away. She then stopped for a moment.
Turning back, she shyly offered me a barely detectable, most demure half-smile and lowered her eyes. “Not married … “
And with that, the alluring Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah slipped into the blackness of the Chachoengsao night and disappeared.
Apart from the minibus driver, I was apparently quite utterly alone. I shuddered involuntarily. The ebony night seemed like a living thing made up of strange creeping plants and foreign, unidentifiable sounds. Cursing gently, I searched hither and yon in vain for a liveried attendant before flipping the crazed minibus driver a 10 baht coin and pointing to the hotel.
He examined the coin derisively, expectorated on to the ground between us, and commenced dragging two of my lighter portmanteaus through the mudflats, plowing furrows that would no doubt assist the rice farmers considerably the next day.
Pausing to wipe the surly driver’s coagulating phlegm from where it had dripped onto my brogues, I eased them off, along with my socks and rolled up my trouser legs, eliciting a shocked gasp of disgust from some unseen native hiding in the nearby bamboo thickets as they espied the gnarled and deformed Gastrocnemius muscles of my lame leg.
Uncomfortably aware of being watched, I gingerly limped through the marsh after my driver, hauling my cumbersome luggage behind me like Humphrey Bogart dragging the “African Queen” through an equatorial swamp.
Slowly, as my eyes grew accustomed to the dark, I became aware of a mostly unlit five-storey high block of hotel rooms standing behind the concrete bungalow. Not a light burned in a single window. Feeling more than a little wary, I stumbled after the minibus driver around the corner of the building and into the dimly lit foyer of the Rajabhat Institute Rajanagarindra Training Hotel.
I noticed with disappointment the absence of air conditioning and plucked from my ankles two wriggling leeches already engorged with the blood of one Bayard Q. Threeplewood Esq., dispatching them into the green water of the foyer’s fish tank standing next to a towering potted palm.
As a huge whiskered white catfish rose majestically to the surface and greedily ingested the bloodsucking invertebrates. I looked up from the piscatorial banquet in the aquarium, surveyed the spacious foyer … and froze. I had for all intents and purposes entered the innermost circle of a Dante-esque hell. Between me and the sneering lout at the reception desk were dogs: mongrels whom bore all the signs of misspent youth and uncertain heritage.
A snarling pack of scratching curs, their tails twisted high and proud like the corkscrew appendages of swine, they all three raised their gaunt heads as one from their frenzied hunt for parasitic insects and glared at me with unbridled malice. I checked under my arms for the smell of fear and realized with dismay that I reeked of said emotion.
I deduced that bravado was perhaps the best strategy and, eyebrows knitted in steely determination, I sized up the pack’s ringleader. Aiming for the mutt’s distended stomach, I swung at the whelp with my good leg.
The beast ducked my blow, whimpered, and then promptly re-attached itself to the drooping nipple of an adjacent bitch, who glowered at me with maternal ferocity. Her milk it guzzled as I strode triumphantly to the desk, proud of having established myself as ‘Top Dog’ so early in the proceedings (The puppy suckled on contentedly, oblivious to the lowering in status it had just received).
Bringing my palms together, I lowered my face and Wai-ed at the ragamuffin behind the counter, not realizing that in Wai-ing a junior Thai I had, according to superstition, just taken seven years off my life expectancy. Later I would learn that juniors and subordinates Wai the more senior and the Wai is not necessarily returned; a mere nod towards the lesser ranked individual is all that is normally required. Monks are not required to return a Wai from anyone, no matter how highly ranked - even a Wai from the King is responded to with just a nod. When receiving their morning offering of food, the monk often doesn’t acknowledge the giver of alms at all.
Having unwittingly committed my first social faux pas in my future workplace, I then greeted the desk clerk politely.
“Sawatdee, khrap.”
The fool looked puzzled and casually returned my Wai with a shrug before focusing his attention once again on counting a lost umbrella.
I tried again. Louder.
“SAWATDEE KHRAP! POM CHEUR AJARN THREEPLEWOOD!”
Abandoning his interest in the ownerless parasol, the youth slowly swiveled in his chair to face me with a supercilious air. He rose to peer over the antiquated cash register and inspected my finery with the same unabashed air of critical disdain Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah had earlier employed. Leaning on the counter, he muffled a snigger which I pretended not to notice.
But as the sweat from the tropical humidity seeped through my clothes, I grudgingly admitted to myself the oaf’s mirth may have been justified, dressed as he was in approximately 120 grams of breathable cotton.
Finally, it occurred to the lad to inquire as to my purpose.
“Good evening, Sir. Do you have a reservation?”
I replied drily: “Yes, quite a few already. But I’ve decided to stay here regardless.”
Obviously still confused, the boy smiled wider. I explained further: “I am the new English teacher.”
“Oh, of course, Ajarn Bayard, we do expect you. Your room is 521 on the 5th Floor. Checkout time is, ah …”
He quickly consulted a manual, before continuing: “ ... 12 noon, please enjoying your stay … Sir, Ajarn, Sir.”
His English surprised me, but not sufficiently to lose the upper hand.
“What, ho! Young man, be so good as to relay my impedimenta to my allocated bedchamber.”
My sesquipedalian mastery befuddled the dusky-skinned simpleton once again, and he smiled at me with all the sincerity of a computer keypad and laughed noiselessly, this time with unmistakable contempt, before proceeding to preoccupy himself with the task of extracting some offending item from his ear.
I sincerely wished for a canoe paddle with which to thrash the braggart where he leaned. Had my walking stick not been a replica of an antique, carved from the horn of an imitation narwhal and inlaid with a crust of what might have been emeralds, all matching smartly the green tartan of my cravat, I would have brought it crashing down upon the mooncalf’s crown in a truly effective English lesson in respecting one’s elders (and betters). I hold inviolate opinions about deportment and will brook no meddling with manners, particularly from mere counter staff.
Instead, I flared my nostrils and bared my gold-capped front incisors in a menacing leer. Acquiescing, the juvenile delinquent behind the counter indicated churlishly to the lift at my right, whose entrance I immediately observed was effectively blocked by a pair of giant geckos skittering back and forth across the door. Their wriggling perambulations raised a deep-seated irrational fear within me - I detest all wildlife, unless it is served with a salad, fries or mashed potatoes. However, my disgust slowly changed to perverse interest as I realized the fleshy reptiles, in a blatant disregard for the niceties of polite society, were, well … mating.
One, pale and translucent to the extent its blood vessels could be seen through its scaly epidermis and with its suction-padded toes clamped firmly to the smooth metal of the lift door, was beneath the darker and, I assume, more sensually dominant wall lizard. Their undulating wriggles gradually synched into a samba-like wave. Transfixed by a mixture of repulsion and curiosity, I was eventually snapped out of my voyeuristic trance as, from the pack of foyer hounds, a yellow mongrel appeared and leapt like a Frisbee-catching golden Labrador on a grassy college quadrangle, snatching into its jaws the copulating reptiles - thus accounting for what must have represented a sizeable percentage of the mutt’s recommended daily protein intake.
With the wild creatures doing the wild thing now dispatched at the peak of concupiscent bliss, I felt a freshly restored sense of my place as a modern-day Marlow embarking on a personal voyage into the heart of this South-East Asian darkness (my Kurtz, I naively but nobly thought, being English illiteracy among Thai university students). But would I too, I wondered, end up stumbling around some ruined jungle tabernacle muttering incoherently: “The horror, the horror”? Only time or an overdose of some new recreationally mind-altering chemical would tell.
Nevertheless, I heaved my smallest bag of toiletries into the lift, entrusting the rest of my belongings to the sneering desk clerk, and hit the button labeled ‘5’ with a flippant air of self-confidence. Turning around, I jumped in alarm, temporarily dislodging my hat, as a figure loomed at me from behind.
I sighed with quick relief as I realized  the other rather threatening-looking passenger in the lift was merely my reflection in the full-length, ornately gilt-framed but heat-twisted mirror. I inspected my distorted visage carefully: it was a source of tremendous reassurance that I was still presentable and, as had been proven by the previous encounter with Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah, could still charm the beard off a Rabbi, if that was the desired objective.
After several interminably long minutes the ancient lift lurched to a stop on the fifth floor and I made my weary way to room 521. The key I had been issued was attached to a massive nine-pound slab of Perspex some 3 feet by 4 inches by 2 inches which, I thought, might come in handy were I required to defend myself against attack from another of those rattily-furred canines in the foyer below. Or should I need to take up a bat in a game of cricket.
Twisting the key in the hasp, I opened the door, surveyed my accommodation and sighed stoically. Luxurious it was not. A narrow, single bed with wafer-thin mattress, plain white torn sheets and thin, multi-holed cotton blankets; a tiny, battered black and white TV with a remote control (pristine in its original plastic wrapper), a moldy bar fridge with a door that wouldn’t close properly; squares of cigarette-burn spotted linoleum across the floor; two mismatched and chipped drinking glasses; and a cracked porcelain ashtray were my sole furnishings.
My first night in the Land of (insincere) Smiles was to be spent in a hovel. Sighing again, I turned to lock the door behind me and noticed a handbill tacked to it:
“Please to not take the souvenir which is belonk Rajabhat Hottel. The price list is apply for the purchasing: 
Bathtub 2500 bath. Bedsheet 1500 bath. Pillow 800 bath. Bath towel 1200 bath. Glass 90 bath. Vase 500 bath. Ashtray 90 bath. Remote Control for TV 2200 bath’ 
Ignoring the sub-conscious ramifications of writing “Bath” instead of ‘Baht’, I suspected that, like many visitors to this hotel before me, I too would be tempted to steal the bathtub; for it would certainly make a lovely souvenir of Thailand, even though it was probably made in China. Of course, the difficulty of secreting it past the foyer concierge deterred any further serious consideration of the thought and I noted mentally the need to upbraid the Rajabhat teachers of Hotel Hospitality with the revelation that their training hotel, still needing more than a little renovation and refurbishing work, might consider the possibility of guests keeping mementoes such as bath tubs, the least of their problems.
After locking the door, I undressed, folded my shirt and trousers, changed into my fleecy cotton pajamas, forced in a pair of industrial strength earplugs, and slipped on my eye mask. Fortunately, the exertions of my journey into deepest, darkest Thailand had taken their toll on my energy, and I knew I would slide effortlessly into my first night’s sleep in the Kingdom of Siam.
As I lay between the sheets, with a thin cloud of mosquitoes whining a tuneless acapella over me, I pondered the evening’s events; especially the fear that had so vividly shown in Ajarn Keeohwaa – aah’s eyes as she bade me goodnight in what should have been the reassuring safety of her home town.
Her anxiety seemed very real but, I reminded myself, could just as easily have been trepidation about ghosts. I had read somewhere that the Thais are renowned for their superstitious belief in “Pee”, and the roadsides are dotted with tiny wooden houses on stilts, built to accommodate the spirits of their ancestors. It is deemed necessary to provide a place for these spirits, dislodged from the earth by building and construction work, to reside in peacefully. The ‘Spirit House’ should remain untouched by another building’s shadow; an impossibility in the crowded city, of course, and this mismanagement of the Spirit House was blamed for any or all of whatever bad luck followed its still-living, human neighbors.
These Spirit Houses are called “Phra phum chaothi”, and although the belief in Guardian Spirits is not endorsed entirely by strict Buddhist belief, they are nevertheless tolerated and incorporated into the Thai world view.
Perhaps Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah and I had simply heard the voice of “Nang tanee”, the female spirit alleged to inhabit the banana trees.
I brushed aside my curiosity regarding her fear and wondered awhile about Ajarn Keeohwaa – aah’s marital status … and whether she had a dangerously jealous Thai boyfriend. These and other delicate matters would reveal themselves with time, and the occasional tactful enquiry, of course.
My last thoughts before I eventually lost consciousness were, yes indeed: “Here now”.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 3.
Keowah.

I didn’t quite know what to make of this new English teacher from Great Britain. He certainly was a strange looking man - although Farang are always strange looking: dreadlocks on Canadian surfer-types; balding, overweight, almost unintelligible and out-of-breath Scottish highlander types; straight-out-of-college American boys wearing baseball caps backwards, long shorts and surf sandals, shouting ‘“Yo, dude!” at one another and looking for no-holds-barred adventure; nervous, middle aged and graying Australians escaping their overbearing and overweight Australian housewives, 2.5 children they would never see grow into the model citizens they wanted them to be, and house mortgages they would never live to see paid; tattooed criminals on the run from the New Zealand law and already stoned on Thai Buddha marijuana or wired up on Ya ba; even the odd semi-respectable academic trying to write the great opus of his life or some informative travel novel while clocking up some easy teaching experience on their resumes before publishing something career advancing and going back home to seek tenure at a ‘real’ university.
Yes, I get resentful about Farang coming to teach English at our Thai universities or Rajabhats. It’s so easy for them and they just don’t seem to value the opportunity for what it is. Some Farang Native Speaking English teachers are so relaxed about their vocations they can’t even be bothered getting out of their own way. And so, with their carelessness, they eventually trip themselves up: badly and irrevocably.
I especially detest the backpackers pretending they’ll serve a whole year knowing full well they’ll renege on their contracts and shoot through to Cambodia or Vietnam in three months or so, leaving their Thai students, whom they see as mere scenery in their South-East Asian travels, seriously in the lurch. They’re simply making a slight deviation from the clapped out hostels of Bangkok’s 300 meter stretch of Khao Sahn Road, with the odd end-of-month trip to the ecstasy and Ya Ba fuelled full moon raves in Hat Rin beach at the South-Eastern tip of Koh Pha Ngan, an island north of Koh Samui, before moving on to yet another hedonistic, selfish experience in their new-found third world paradise.
They’ve all watched Leonardo De Caprio in “The Beach” on DVD but aren’t smart enough to get the movie’s real message about the shallow, meaninglessness of the backpacker lifestyle. Ask these sham English teachers to define a semi-colon and many will tell you it’s an intestinal problem. Sometimes I even agree with the sentiment that sees old timer Thais label them “Farang kee nok”: ‘foreign bird droppings’.
You see, all a Farang needs to get a well-paid job at a Rajabhat is a university degree - in any discipline at all - and a passport issued by a country where English is considered the native language.
Thus, there are graduates with majors as diverse as cinema studies and pure mathematics securing cushy one year contracts to teach English in Thai universities and Rajabhats.
While many private schools pay more they also usually demand a Certificate in Teaching. English as a Foreign Language, or TEFL (which, coincidentally, the private language school can award you after six weeks study and payment of the US $1,500 tuition fee). But the Rajabhat jobs are still highly valued because of the many public holidays and three fully paid non-teaching months.
Experience is not necessary and with 41 Rajabhat in Thailand there is quite a demand. Thus, the variety in age and experience of native English speaking teachers I find myself working alongside is quite staggering.
There is one feature that most Farang English teachers have in common, however: the possession of XY chromosomes. English teaching in Thailand, like nursing or hairdressing, is widely considered the domain of Thai women … and male Farang. Yes, they’re nearly all male, seeking the cheap hookers or the famed subservience, docile submission and exotic sensuality of the harder to find ‘nice’ Thai women. Women like me.
The first women Farang usually encounter are uneducated country girls from the poverty - stricken North-East area of Thailand known as Isaan, who surprise them with the ability to subsist on fried locusts (Farang fearfully assume they are killed by DDT, which one would assume the boiling oil does not remove, and this source of nutrition is just one of many shocks for the newcomer).
These beautiful but, let’s face it, gormless girls come to Bangkok or some other large Thai city with the intention of meeting a rich Farang and sending his money back home to their village-bound families. It is the Thai way for children to take care of their parents, particularly when they become old and infirm. There’s no social security or old age pension system in Thailand. Too often, though, mum and dad care not at all how their pretty little daughter comes by her monthly stipends and the girls end up working the bars of Nana Plaza, Soi Cowboy, Patpong, Pattaya, or worse. There they half-heartedly dance in bikinis, or sometimes topless, and wait for a generous Farang to pay their bar fine and take them away for the night. Depending on their looks and luck, some girls can make a receptionist’s monthly salary in one night (with a comfy sleepover in the Farang’s plush hotel room), but the going rate is closer to 1,500 baht; which is still a hell of a lot of money to a former Isaan villager girl.
Of course, not all Farang are bargirl butterflies and many do actually find the wife of their dreams in our Kingdom. But, once hitched, they philander at the risk of their organs being sliced off for duck food. The married Thai woman tolerates no infidelity. Nevertheless, most Farang come to Thailand with high expectations of effecting the perfect escape from their previously wearisome existence to a brand new life as an English teacher with a smorgasbord of much younger sexual partners.
Indeed, my Thailand is also a most desirable working destination because of the prestige generally ascribed to members of the teaching profession. Ajarn is a title of respect, not just a job description, primarily entitled to lecturers or professors working at the tertiary level, i.e. Rajabhats and universities.
There is a 12 year education system in Thailand, consisting of Prathom 1 - 6 (primary or elementary school); Matiyom 1, 2 and 3 (lower or junior high school); and Matiyom 4, 5 and 6 (upper or senior high school) where “Khru” is the usual title for teachers. Students at these levels can be recognized by knee-length shorts on the boys and pinafore-style dresses on the girls. Additionally, uniformity is required for high school hairstyles: boys have short back and sides and the girls all have identically coifed short bobs. In a private language centre the teacher is also known as Khru; but Ajarn is the term most commonly used in the broader community, especially if the teacher is known to have a university qualification.
All teachers, Ajarn and Khru alike, benefit on January 16th, the ‘Respect for Teachers’ day called “Wai khru”, which is always held on a Thursday; that day being associated with the planet Jupiter - the planet astrologers describe as the ‘knowledge star’. Every class has a representative boy and girl with a lotus blossom-shaped plaque of flowers especially made for presentation to their teacher. The class representative then comes up with the other members of their class, kneels and makes merit; presenting flowers, joss sticks and candles to their venerable teachers.
Symbolism abounds on Wai khru. For example, the flowers presented to the Khru are Kem, which means needle-like, symbolizing the wish for the students to be sharp-witted, and the Makeua, or eggplant flower, which always hangs low before it bears fruit, hence the students who mentally bow down to their Khru will bear the fruits of knowledge.
The flowers, joss sticks and candles presented to the teacher also represent the Ratanatri, or the three jewels of Buddhism: Buddha, His teachings, and the Sangha, or the total population of monks. At the end of the ceremony the principal concludes the day by blessing a book with a pyramid of white dots, just as the monks do when blessing a new building.
In 1956 Prime Minister Field Marshal P. Pibulsongkram, who was the honorary chairman of the Teachers’ Council at the time, suggested that as teachers were our most esteemed benefactors they should have a day of their own so that students could pay respect to them. Pibulsongkram said, “Since our teachers play an important role next to parents, I would like to propose the idea to this gathering and ask you to consider it in principle. I hope no one will object to this idea.”
Certainly, no teachers objected. Teachers’ day was thus adopted as a way to remember the significance of those who sacrifice and do great deeds for the benefit of the nation and for the people of our wonderful Thailand as a whole. The idea was passed on November 21, 1956, and the first Wai Khru was held on January 16th, 1957. This date was chosen because it was on this day in 1945 that the Teachers’ Act was first published in the Government Gazette, under which the Council of Teachers was established.
Teaching is indeed a noble profession in the Kingdom of Thailand; unlike some Western countries, where it is a derided occupation. But while many Farang teachers are men of letters, most, unfortunately, are also men of bottles. Or cheap women. Or some other nefarious vice. Still, I was bemused by this one - his strange appearance aside. I couldn’t understand Ajarn Bayard because he seemed both disgustingly arrogant and, well, caring and sensitive too. He was quite an enigma: visually and personally. I sensed a real concern for me that night of his arrival when the moaning started, drifting through the still, warm night sky like the plaintive wails of a lost child. But everyone who heard it knew it was not a motherless child crying out for help. And everyone knew it was best to say nothing, pretend you knew and heard nothing and make absolutely certain you did not stand out from the crowd by saying anything.
Would Ajarn Bayard do the wise thing and ignore it, if and when he got suspicious … or would he too meet with an untimely accident? Or would he, himself, be drawn into the underworld that keeps Thailand’s head economically above water? Despite my initial reservations about the man, I couldn’t help hoping he would be luckier than the last foreigner. That Australian girl Cheryl was marked from the start because she stood out from the crowd so very much. Not only was she a female Farang, she also drew attention for asking the wrong questions, and she was young, attractive, white-skinned and … a blue-eyed blonde.
It might not have been her we heard moaning last night, but I would bet the same people behind her disappearance had something to do with that heart-rending noise. Maybe it was some unfortunate Thai person not pretending to know nothing. Or, more likely, some unfortunate Burmese person not pretending to know nothing … 
I also couldn’t help wondering if Ajarn Bayard would ever learn the correct pronunciation of my name, or if I would have to let him know my easier to pronounce Thai nickname, “Moo”, which has the unfortunate meaning of ‘pig’.
I also wondered if he liked me … 

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 4.
Bayard.

Waking slowly, I rose from my sagging cot with a valiant attempt at a smile, despite my skin’s appearance somewhat resembling a meat-lover’s pizza, spotted as it was with the welts from the bites of a veritable menagerie of blood-sucking insect life that sustained itself in the bed’s immediate environs. I would have to write ‘mosquito net’ on my first shopping list for Thailand.
Bright tropical light - so vastly different to the gloom of a British morning - coursed through the threadbare curtains and dazed me as I took off my eye mask and readjusted my hairnet.
Lurching to the window, I thrust the curtains aside and peered out into the distant landscape this relatively high vantage point afforded me.
To my left, I could see gently undulating hills tiered with paddy fields and merging into jungle covered mountains. While not high enough to be snow-capped, they nevertheless appeared steep and meaningful.
To my right, only a few tall coconut and sugar palm trees broke the straight line of the horizon. All else was housing. Between the two extremes of my vista, ochre-colored wooden houses on stilts were trimmed by the azure blue of the early morning sky. I looked down onto the already busy main street of Chachoengsao four stories below.
There I could just make out a straggly bunch of motorcycle taxi drivers on the corner, wearing their tattered numbered vests; a Seven Eleven convenience store; a Firestone tire dealership; and, of course, what I would soon come to recognize as the ubiquitous woman selling dried squid. I had taught English in China and Korea for brief spells before coming to Thailand and everywhere I went in Asia it seemed there was a woman on the side of the road selling dried squid.
Opposite the hotel a three-storey building was under construction, draped in green plastic mesh to protect pedestrians from falling bricks … and falling bricklayers. The scaffolding was incredibly flimsy bamboo and the bricks were tiny - no more than a quarter of the size of an ordinary Western house brick. The mortar between each layer of bricks was almost as thick as the bricks themselves, and I made a mental note not to even consider investing in a condominium once I’d made it rich in Thailand. Unfortunately, as a foreigner, I was not permitted to buy land or operate a business without a Thai partner, which obviously meant marriage. Hmm, my thoughts turned momentarily to Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah and last night’s unsettling arrival. On the other side of the hotel, I surmised, were the primeval swamps from where we had last night heard the moaning.
Still gazing outside, my thoughts returned to the busy scene beneath my hotel window. I couldn’t help but marvel at the variety of strange and wonderful vehicles that were churning up little eddies of dust in the Chachoengsao street, or “Soi”, below. There were passels of Tuk tuks: three-wheeled converted motorcycle taxis with a bench seat in the back capable of seating two adult Westerners or a family of ten Thais plus their eight chickens, two trussed up pigs and a crate of Beer Chang. Each had a black vinyl roof stretched over a lightweight aluminum canopy, the sides gaily painted and decorated with swirling flames and numerous stickers for such diverse brand names as Jakapad Sound Project, Castrol Oil and Camel Trophy Adventure Wear.
Thousands of 100 to 150 cc Honda Wave or Dream motorcycles and even smaller 50 cc Yamaha Pop Dio scooters zipped in and out of the path of larger vehicles, their male drivers hunched over the handlebars with legs splayed wide while their female pillion passengers demurely balanced side-saddle behind them. Most wore no crash helmets, but one Thai gent aged about 60 was riding his motorcycle with a novelty fancy dress British policeman’s helmet perched on his head instead. I wondered if that vain attempt at head protection would satisfy the less than inflexible Thai road rules … Probably, if he greased the palms of the arresting traffic cop sufficiently.
A Soi dog was cocking its leg and urinating on the as - yet - un-stolen hubcap of a haphazardly parked Mercedes Benz. It looked entirely out of place. The Benz that is, not the mutt.
Now and then a motorcycle with a food-stall cum side-car and canopy would slowly motor by, cautiously dodging the potholes in order to keep their stocks of mangoes, chicken curry or icy poles in their rightful places. “Songtheaws” (covered pickup trucks with two benches in the back for sitting passengers) were transporting students to their various schools.
A wizened, bare-chested little man with a thick layer of white baby powder caked onto his face sat astride a recumbent tricycle as he moved the rusty machine forward by long strokes on a handle, his legs inoperative, looking like a grotesquely relaxed pervert masturbating his way down the street.
The occasional ancient and battered Italian Vespa chugged past but I was most struck by the relative scarcity of cyclists - particularly after my experience of China, where the streets were positively clogged with that nation’s mass produced “Flying Pigeon” brand bicycles. I wondered at the Thai population’s dependence on petroleum and how they would cope with the inevitably spiraling costs of fossil fuel.
Plunging fearlessly through the haphazard lot were giant pickup trucks; Isuzu and Toyota mostly, some laden with towering crates of pink, overfed pigs, their heads lowered as if in resigned acceptance of the grisly fate that awaited them. A constant stream of porcine piss showered the road behind these trucks, staining the clothes of the less attentive motorcyclists following. The trucks, pick-ups and Pajero four-wheel drives ruled the roads, secure in the knowledge that everything smaller would scatter in their unyielding path, which, however, was still conducted at a safely low speed of about 30 to 40 km per hour.
One thing seemed to be the shared belief of all the drivers below: a stop sign was merely a suggestion to be heeded only if life and limb demanded so. Otherwise, and preferably, it was to be ignored completely.
These were my future clients: men, women and children who would eventually make me wealthy - by Thai standards at least - as they learnt to speak English via my unparalleled and expert pedagogical services. In Thailand, money establishes position and status, earns respect, and permits entry to the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. This is sometimes referred to by expat wags as the ‘Bahtability Factor’.
Indeed, I felt confident in this quest since I would be selling a commodity I virtually worshipped: myself. Whilst some lesser teachers might consider me a pompous martinet, my exacting methods guarantee results. In my previous term teaching English in Korea it was not uncommon for my students to admit to having learnt English faster with me than with any other foreign teacher they had ever before encountered.
But I knew one thing also: mankind was an awfully gullible lot. Scams, lies and deceits; that’s where the real money was to be made. And the Thais would be no less gullible than mankind elsewhere. It would be an easy matter to persuade them that their children’s future lay in bi-linguality as taught by yours truly.
And, of course, for some international business people and tour guides, this was true - but for the most part the people of Chachoengsao would be very unlikely to turn their investments in learning English into any profit. But one should never underestimate the snob factor: ‘If snotty-nosed little Somchai from next door is learning English from a real Farang then our little angel better learn from one too’.
The sweat I had produced in copious quantities throughout the night compelled me to augment my fortnightly ablutions with an additional showering. Removing the silicon earplugs and stepping out of my night attire, I gazed upon the bathing area, or “Hong narm”, with dismay. A pair of huge scorpions, black and shiny as obsidian, lay deceased (hopefully) on the cracked tile floor. Reminding myself that this particular establishment was a ‘training’ hotel that probably didn’t have room service, my hand hovered momentarily over the stained receiver cradled by an ancient dial telephone. And at that precise moment the door bell rang.
“Loom Service,” a shrill voice rang out.
Pulling on a three-sizes-too-small ‘one-size-fits-all’ dressing gown, I swung open the door, bellowing as I did: “Quick! In the bathroom!”
The chambermaid, a tall and slender yet buxom wench, appeared slightly taken aback. No doubt I looked a little less sophisticated than the previous night. She giggled girlishly and walked purposefully in to my room pushing a gleaming silver trolley laden with a most welcome Full English Breakfast. The girl lowered her head deferentially in a strikingly sincere Wai as she curtsied and brought her praying hands to her nose.
“Sawatdee ka-ah. My name Supaporn. I service you now.”
“Supaporn!” I kid you not, that is what she said her name was. Memories of a Chinese masseuse I had once taught English to in exchange for the ole ‘rub and tug’ surfaced momentarily, as did my trusty member. The girl noticed the tent in my bathrobe and pointed at it, laughing cheekily.
“Is that work permit in pocket, or you just please to see me? Hmm, you want special service, Ajarn Bayard?”
The lass smiled again, lasciviously, and said, “Special plice for teacher: just 3,000 baht.”
I attempted the arithmetic but converting exchange rates was not something the mental capacities of Bayard Q. Threeplewood Esq. wanted any part of at this time of the morning. Morning glory, that is … 
And this Thai girl was Asian beauty in the rose-budded morning personified. She was round of face and dark of eye. Her figure was athletic yet not androgynous. Her most alluring facial feature was perhaps her left eyebrow, which she could uncannily raise or contort with the greatest of ease and with each position signify a new seductive, playful or teasing emotion. My mind started drifting to the tune of what may have been a soppy Air Supply song. She was a Siamese version of Sunday morning in the park with birds chirping and squirrel’s hoarding acorns. She was a bouquet of freshly plucked wildflowers filling the air with their sweet, overpowering perfume. She was the raisins and chopped apricots in a cold winter morning’s breakfast of hot, steamy oatmeal and I just had to taste her … juices. My mouth was salivating and I knew I was powerless to resist.
Vowing this would be the last time I paid for sex, as I did every time I purchased the services of a demimondaine, I gently pushed her on to the bed. Ever the gentleman, I considerately brushed aside the cockroaches that were still partying on yesterday’s underwear and unbuttoned her tiny white blouse.
Under the pristine and starched shirt was a depressingly tattered and frayed brassiere. The girl had obviously not expected an amorous encounter such as this. I struggled in vain for almost two minutes with the unfamiliar Asian clasp before, exasperated, she reached behind herself and released the valuables ensconced within. Freed, her breasts seemed to tumble out like a cornucopia of exotic fruits with their perky firmness, and I eagerly provided fresh support for them with my hands.
I cupped them lovingly, admiring the dark brown aureole of each nipple. As I removed one hand her breast jiggled back into place and I then guided her right hand down to between my legs.
This time the shocked gasp of a Thai local was not inspired by disgust but by admiration, and the strumpet suddenly became markedly more interested. She reached beneath the draw-cord of my dressing gown and I girded my loins in lusty anticipation.
“Ahem … “
A distinctly male throat was cleared and I swung around to take in one of the more amusing sights I had encountered so far in my Asian travels.
He was corpulent, to say the least, with a round, bloated, very dark brown countenance spilling forth from a worn-out brown collar. Indeed, everything about the middle-aged Thai man in front of me was brown. His teeth, bared in an embarrassed grin, were discolored. Not the ugly yellow of a chain smoker but a somehow typically Thai shade of un-fluoridated grey-brown. His face was deeply pitted with the pock mark reminders of a hormonally overactive adolescence. On his chin was a large mole, raised and brown, with a half dozen or so coarse long hairs flowing from its middle and resting upon his tightly knotted brown polyester tie several inches below it.
Cursed as he was with a face that would freeze the blood of Mother Theresa, I wondered if even his real mother could look upon him without grimacing. His brown shirt was buttoned out of order, which permitted a bulge in his dirty white singlet-ed waist to protrude slightly through the gap. His jodhpur-styled trousers were also a dirty brown color and the cuffs were tucked into his scuffed, calf-high riding boots. Yes, they too were brown. On his head was a shiny grey motorcycle helmet and aviator-style sunglasses. This, combined with the epaulettes on his shoulders and leather holstered gun, made him look like a miniature brown Robocop.
“Meestah Bay - ah. Please to come wis me.”
Before I could object or question, two more midget Thais in similar Robocop uniforms appeared from the corridor, grabbed my shoulders and hauled me off of the girl, out of the room and unceremoniously shoved me into the elevator.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 5.
Sip Eak Taowetsuwan.

I wake up very early when Mister Ajarn Bayard due arrive. Before radio plays our National Anthem at 8 am. Usually I am home by time 6 pm when radio or Royal Thai Police Station play National Anthem again. I like this song very much. Every time I hear this song I stand attention. Because it say to me:
“Thailand embraces
All people of Thai blood.
Every inch of Thailand
Belongs to the Thais.
***
It has long maintained its sovereignty
Because the Thais have always been united.
The Thais love peace,
But they are no cowards at war.
***
They shall allow no one to rob them of their Independence.
Nor shall they suffer tyranny.
All Thais are ready to give up every drop of blood
For the nation’s safety, freedom and progress.”

The King of Thailand authorize this translation for Farang to learn. Since 1930, Thailand has had around maybe thirty Prime Ministers, but our King is Great Leader. This song always make me proud I am Thai and not Laotian or Burmese man. Or worse … Farang man.
This visit to new Farang English teacher probably unnecessary precaution to be, but orders are my orders from Krung thep. Mister Bayard was unlikely candidate for abduction very much, if my theory about mystery why thing happen correct. Only female ‘Round Eyes’ or very young and handsome male also Native English speakers were at the real risk.
But Mister Bayard has the white hair, like blonde the hair, and the passport photo we got the fax was blurred and I couldn’t tell from English-Thai Dictionary the source or caste of the Threeplewood heritage or bloodline. As the English saying goes, “best to err on the side of the caution.” So, we will arrest him and brought him office to here, and re-assign him to new accommodations with their 200 Baht per day shift of body-guarding. I fix it so Rajabhat pays for their bill.
He certainly is not look like type of Farang involved in the selling of illegal drugs. Ya Ba and Heroin are their currency of the Shan State Army across we are Thai border with Burma or also called Myanmar.
Burmese soldiers oversee Ya Ba and Opium the drug factory and smuggle those drugs into our Thailand. I believe they are also kidnap Native English teachers who taking the drug and use them to do teaching English in Burmese school. Maybe they keep them happy to be with free drugs very much. Not many English teachers want government working in country like Burma. Because Burma has bad human rights recording.
Hmm, if I solve this mystery it meaning is big promotion for me. And make good face for Thai people very much.
Thai people hate Burma. Thai people hate Burma since 1767 when invading Burmese army attack and defeat Thai capital Ayutthaya, which was then before capital of Siam, which is maybe about the 85 km from site of Thailand’s subsequent follow capital Krung thep, or Bangkok. Patriotical Thais never forgive the Burmese pigs for this humble making experience.
The task at now this hand now is to find Ajarn Bayard secure accommodation and reliable bodyguards. Oh, and to interrogate that fake Thai maid , who I think is sexy Katoey very much.
Hmm, I’m going enjoy interrogating this little Thim! Maybe I take a Viagra pill .... no, only half. Viagra expensive vey much. Maybe not need any at all.
And maybe missing English teachers can wait “Nit noi” longer. “Wannee sabai dee. Prung nee mai pen lai”, which is meaning: ‘Today is alright, tomorrow does not matter ... ‘

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 6.
Bayard.

I was roughly pushed beneath an identity hiding shroud seemingly made from fish-greasy tarpaulin, as if my abductors thought it would work like a Hogwarts invisibility cloak. Naturally I was furious and began shouting for help. Then, I concluded (by the clang sound of the ancient machinery’s doors as they opened), that I had been half-shoved, half-cajoled into the lift.
I say ‘half-cajoled’ because there was a definite tone of empathy emanating from my captors, even though it was being expressed in Thai. But why was no hue and cry coming from the Hotel staff? There were a couple of maids, at least, on my floor.
My heart was pounding like some insanely over-revving motorcycle engine. In an endeavor to maintain an element of Threeplewood dignity, I summoned all the air my lungs could accommodate and berated my subjugators with my magnificent vocal force:
“WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS? WHAT IN THUNDER DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING? WHO THE BLOODY HELL ARE YOU? DO YOU HAVE THE FOGGIEST ABSTRACTION OF WHOM IT IS YOU ARE SO IMPRUDENTLY MAN-HANDLING? I’LL BE DASHED IF I LET THIS GO UN-ANSWERED!”
The three men shrank from my bellowing, so I lifted, fractionally, the edge of my head-covering. I watched them chattering fretfully for a moment, apparently discussing various options amongst themselves. Luckily, they seemed to dissuade the smallest one, who was ominously grasping his night-stick in a threatening manner. After a few seconds, the trio of police apparently agreed and the voice of the first Thai man, which I was beginning to realize was that of a bona fide Royal Thai Police Chief despite his amusing appearance, whispered throatily into my ear. I could smell the domestic whisky on his breath, lingering beneath his own unique halitosis:
“Not be fear, Mistah Bay-ah. You must come wis me. You are in danger velly much! Nobody must see you it where you go to live.”
And with that, in my opinion, totally inadequate explanation, he pulled the tarpaulin back over my head.
I felt the elevator lurch to a halt and perceived the doors slide open as I was led, fuming, into the foyer. How the local slack-jawed yokels must be gawking, I wondered with embarrassment to myself. I also wondered if the dogs from last night were still present and half expected a revengeful pair of canine mandibles to snap at my unprotected ankles.
Again my head was pushed down and I surmised I was now being pushed into a police car. After a few minutes of driving along the pot-holed Chachoengsao street, my sight was restored as the sheet was pulled from my head. With visions of the next day’s “Bangkok Post” front page carrying a picture of me, cuffed and standing next to a lorry full of heroin the police had somehow planted on my person, I looked at my guards as cheerfully as a French aristocrat might have had done as he boarded the tumbrel. If I had experienced the Thai equivalent of losing face then my visage lay shattered somewhere on the floor. I knew if I were to enter the closet of a bathroom and gaze into the mirror, my worst fears would be confirmed: there would be no reflection. I would indeed have totally lost face. It was all spent.
“Velly solly to treat this way, Mistah Bay-ah. I am Sip eak Taowetsuwan, Senior Sergeant Taowetsuwan of Chachoengsao Royal Thai Police. I assure you this was entirely necessity. That girl was danger velly much. She must not know your address and no one else must be permitted access un-authorized to your personage.”
Despite the unusual circumstances, I somehow started to feel that this was all above board. Bayard Q. Threeplewood Esq. has an unusually reliable sense for detecting imminent danger and/ or pain, and because of the sergeant’s believability, my safety radar was not indicating any cause for concern at the moment. My spirits rose somewhat. Nevertheless, I responded to the little brown Robocop’s speech with a tone dripping heavy gobbets of sarcasm:
“Well, Officer Taowetsuwan, I do appreciate your concern at the danger my female consort represented to me but I had every intention of using a prophylactic condom. I know the Public Health officials in Thailand are concerned about the spread of HIV and AIDS, but are the authorities really in the habit of busting up romantic trysts in such an invasive manner?”
The uniformed little cop looked at me with bewilderment for a moment before his pockmarked face convoluted into a broad grin. He seemed to accept my raillery for the badinage it was intended to be and reached into his shirt pocket to withdraw a crumpled green pack of Thai “Wonder” brand menthol cigarettes. He lit one and thrust the pack at me in what I took to be a gesture of conciliation.
I declined politely.
Again the mini-Robocop seemed momentarily perplexed and thoughtfully stroked the long, coarse hairs growing from the brown mole on his chin. Few men in Thailand are non-smokers. He continued to explain the situation to me:
“Mistah Bay-ah, you do misunderstand. Please to let me to explain. Six weeks ago an English teacher was abducted from Rajabhat. She has not seen since. Four other foreigners from nearby towns have also disappeared after the first one. We have our suspicions that Burmese drug warlords are kidnapping native English tourists and the teachers, get them addicted to heroin or Ya ba and install them as slave English teachers in private language schools in the hidden jungle training camps. Possibly, you are not at risk, as the five who have been disappeared were all women, but two day ago an attempt made was to abduct blonde-haired English-speaking Scandinavian boy in Bangkok. So we must be sure.”
Senior Sergeant Taowetsuwan of Chachoengsao Royal Thai Police eyed my Shane Warne-like blonde-streaked hair admiringly. I felt a chill go down my spine, and it wasn’t from the refrigerated air-conditioning in the police patrol car.
“We cannot afford to be taking the risk, Mistah Bay-ah. You are in danger velly much.”

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 7.
Harry.

I woke up feeling … a bit like Lazarus called forth from the tomb. I nevertheless leapt from the bed next to my wife’s with a cheery song gurgling in my hung over head. Geckos chirped and barked and danced the ‘Ketchup song’ on the fridge. Or was it the ‘Macarena’? No, it’s more energetic, more, more ... ‘Oppa Gangnam Style’? Today, not just Korean Uncles, but everybody and everything seemed to be horse-dancing - all except my lovely wife who managed to sleep in like an anaesthetized patient awaiting surgery. But to me, angels chorused hosannas from on high and rose petals seemed to rain from Heaven, for once again it was November. The cool season had arrived! The next three or four weeks would be a blissful respite from the oppressive Thailand heat and it was a very good time to take up dancing.
And today would be a different workday at the Rajabhat, too. Yes, I was looking forward to meeting this new Farang English teacher, even if he was a pommy bastard, and seeing how he ‘danced’. Despite our propensity for obnoxious pedantry, we Farang English teachers are a gregarious lot. It’s been six long months since the last Farang worked in this town - not counting that gorgeous young blonde sheila called Cheryl, from Melbourne, who disappeared only a few days after starting at the Rajabhat. Strange situation, that - she appeared to be enjoying her new life, Still, Farang do runners all the time ...
But I hardly got the chance to know her and, besides, you can’t take a sheila to a brothel, now can you? Unless, Saints preserve us, she’s into three-way action! And what’s the point in having 19 years local experience if you can’t introduce a newbie to the local charms; armed with the knowledge of how to avoid being ripped off, of course. These Thais simply see foreigners as walking Automatic Teller Machines. I should know; I was the victim of many a devious scam and blatant act of overcharging in my first few years here at Chachoengsao before I got wise to their scheming. Oh, sure, a 36,600 baht salary per month might seem exorbitant to the Thai teachers of English, but they don’t realize just how vulnerable we Farang are. Especially when the person doing the rorting is a cute-as-a-button little Thai girlie. That reminds me of a joke:
Question: “How do you know if a Thai girl is lying?”
Answer: “Her lips are moving!”
Get it, mate? Oh, what the fark ...
Anyway, I was curious to see what kind of weirdo this new Farang was. There are no normal expatriates in Thailand. The term ‘normal expatriate’ is an oxymoron. If by chance an apparently normal person does arrive to work in the LOS, he or she will either leave soon after, illusions permanently shattered, or become decidedly weird within six months or less. ‘Normal’ people don’t go travelling to strange, exotic lands to start adventurous new lives; they stay at home where they are safe in familiar surroundings.
Secondly, Thailand attracts weird people lured by the cheap sex and cheap drugs that staid, settled people have usually outgrown their juvenile appetites for and which no longer take No. 1 reckless priority in their lives, or have otherwise seen them end up dead or in jail. Thirdly, there are zero-to-very-few authority-like restraints on the eccentric behaviors of Farang in Thailand. The Thais tolerate crazy stuff expats would never get away with in their home countries. Even if a Farang does commit a misdemeanor here, say a minor traffic violation, many times the police will simply wave them on because, with their limited English skills, the trouble of processing them doesn’t warrant the effort. Either that or the police extort a small bribe. Thus, Thailand is a Mecca for weird people who would elsewhere attract the relentless attention of the authorities. It has been for yonks.
Me? Sure, I’m weird, I’m old and I refuse to act my age, and the people of Thailand actually respect the eccentricities of their elders - Thai or Farang. And I do like being weird.
So I’ll show the newbie where the best and cheapest restaurants are; where to buy a second-hand motorcycle for close to what it’s actually worth; how to get a driver’s license for 50 baht and no actual test; how to rent an apartment without paying two months rent as bond (which, if he did pay, he would never, ever see again); how to buy from the chemist the necessary supplies of Viagra, Valium and any other pharmaceuticals he may require which are officially prescription only; the one place in town you can get a decent (Aussie) beer; where and how to extend his visa and get that magic work permit; etc., etc.
Mate, I’ve travelled everywhere in the civilized world, plus America, and I can certainly help that poor bugger make a go of it here in the Land of Smiles, unlike what any bastard did for me when I first arrived. Most expats are so tight they wouldn’t give you a wave if they owned the ocean. Yep, I’m possibly Asia’s foremost freelance philanthropist (try saying that after a dozen Beer Chang, as I frequently find myself attempting). And what’s in it for me - all this charitable kindness and sharing of knowledge? Nothing but the satisfaction of knowing those thieving bloody Thais won’t be ripping off any of Harry Bourke’s mates.
I can also fill him in on some of the local culture, because let’s face it, Thailand is culturally an amazing country. Unfortunately, some festivals have been perverted beyond all historical and cultural significance. Probably the prime example of this occurs this year during the April the twelfth to fifteenth Thai New Year “Song krun” festival, which has devolved from the gentle and respectful pouring of rose-scented water over one’s elder’s hands, to cleanse them of bad luck, and the releasing of caged birds and fish, into a debauched free for all water fight.
Song krun means ‘to move to another place’ - usually your home town where the good Thai citizen is expected to pay homage to his old folk. But now even those who stay put get right into the fun-filled water sports, piling into the backs of utes with huge bins of water and cruising the streets with shoulder-mounted water pistols and water-filled balloons looking for someone to saturate.
No one in public is spared a dousing, from Farang tourists in open-windowed tour buses to Thai cops on motor-cycles; all are potentially unsuspecting victims. A direct hit from behind is considered the best shot of all and the water assassins especially rejoice in saturating anyone wearing a suit. Unfortunately, the ladies still wear their bras under their wet tee-shirts, keeping their modesty somewhat intact and the male gaze unexcited. Children station themselves outside their homes next to giant earthenware pots they keep filled by a hose and, like soldiers on sentry duty, stand poised to spray any and all passing pedestrians, Tuk tuks, prestige cars or pedicabs.
Nothing and nobody is off-limits during Song krun, but if you stop and voluntarily let them douse you they will Wai you most sincerely and daub you with baby powder, all the while thanking you as your compliance has permitted them to gain more merit. lf it is the victim’s first dousing of the day there may be the odd grimace, but most victims end up laughing uproariously - it is, after all, the hottest month of the year and the water, sometimes chilled, is most refreshing. For obvious reasons pelting people with ice blocks or dirty water is considered to be very poor form.
But some celebrations remain unsullied and deeply in-grained in Thai tradition. Like next week is the “Loy krathong” festival. Each November, when the rainy season has ended and the water levels are high (the time of Na num, meaning ‘water, water everywhere!’), and the populace is eagerly anticipating the so-called season of winter, the festival of Loy krathong takes place on the first night of the full moon of the twelfth lunar month. Meaning, literally, the floating of lotus-shaped vessels made of banana leaves, the event is of Brahmin origin and involves devotees launching onto the river a small boat containing three smoldering joss sticks, some one or five baht coins, flowers and a lit candle.
If no river is handy then a canal or pond will suffice. But, of course, Chachoengsao has a massive river lazily flowing straight through the middle of it. The Krathong is believed to carry away with it all your bad luck and sins. Sometimes true believers even include their fingernail clippings in their Krathong to further the power of the cleansing magic. Never works for me, though. In fact, my Krathong usually sinks - probably from the weight of all my sins! That’s a joke, mate.
Get it, mate? Oh, what the fark ...
Anyhow, an important part of the festival is the “Nang Noppamus” Beauty Queen contest. Noppamus - pronounced ‘Noppamaht’ - is a legendary figure from the Sukhothai period, some 700 years ago, who was a regal consort and is reputed to have been the first to launch a Krathong. But here in Chachoengsao she’s represented by one of the many hot as hell Rajabhat chicky babes wearing a bikini-top and figure-hugging sarong on a float being driven through the town. Long fluorescent light tubes colored the red, blue and white of the Thai flag hang from power lines all over town. It’s a huge party with fireworks and quaint bamboo and white paper lanterns drifting off into the night sky.
All over town you will hear loudspeakers playing the Loy krathong song:
“Wan pen deuen sipsong
Nam gor nong
Dtem dtaling
Rao tang lai, chai jing
Sanuk gan jing wan Loy Krathong! 
Loy, Loy krathong! Loy, Loy krathong!
Loy krathong gan laew
Kor chern nong gaew
Ork ma ramwong:
Ramwong wan Loy krathong!
Ramwong wan Loy krathong!
Boon ja song hy rao suk jai!
Boon ja song hy rao suk jai!”

Which translates roughly as:
‘On the lunar 12th month full moon,
when the rivers overflow with water,
every Thai man and woman
has fun on Loy krathong.
Loy, Loy krathong! Loy, Loy krathong!
Once we’ve launched our Loy krathongs
we ask the girls to dance Ramwong.
Ramwong on Loy krathong!
Ramwong on Loy krathong!
Make merit and be happy!
Make merit and be happy!’
The only down side to the festivities, of course, is that the whole town is celebrating, so most of the good value brothels are closed on the night of Loy krathong. The only girls who work that night are the desperate ones whose heavy Krathong would probably suffer the same fate as mine; that is, they’d sink ‘cause like me their owners are as ugly and guilty as a sinner can be.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 8.
Bayard.

The diminutive Thai constabulary were remarkably helpful after I stopped cursing them. The Royal Thai Police wear small white helmets that look like giant table tennis balls, though they seemed to have over-looked the insulting Hua ping pong comments I’d picked up on the Internet. Or, more likely, my Farang accented Thai was unintelligible to them. I had always believed that a fervent desire to join the constabulary should be ideal grounds for failing said candidate and my experience with Chachoengsao’s ‘finest’ so far only strengthened that anarchic conviction.
We were now at the tiny, unofficial-looking office in downtown Chachoengsao. Three of the lesser ranked officers had just returned from the Rajabhat Training Hotel with my clothes and baggage, including my invaluable passport and walking stick. “My homeboys”, the Thai Sergeant explained using an idiom no doubt lifted from a pirated American DVD. It appeared my 450 baht per night bill had been paid or otherwise over-looked and I was to be shown to a secure apartment complex with my own personal 24-hour bodyguard stationed outside my door. They’d even brought over the Western breakfast from the hotel for me and nuked it in the hotel’s microwave oven. Not wishing to appear ungracious, I tucked a napkin under my chin and quickly devoured the lot. After removing and polishing my dentures - an act which caused the sergeant considerable mirth which I terminated with a warning cock of my left eyebrow -I changed in a vacant cell from my bathrobe to a pale green safari suit and, returning to the police office, addressed the sergeant:
“I don’t know if there really is a racket in native-speaking English teachers. I mean to say, old chap, how would they get them to teach without letting on to the students that their Ajarns were kidnapped; the victims of indentured servitude, so to speak? But I will grudgingly accept your offer of guardianship here in Chachoengsao for however long you deem it necessary.”
Once again, my eloquence was almost wasted on the poor man, but he seemed to get the general gist of my intended compliance with his wishes. As we left the station I was distracted by the sight of the Rajabhat Hotel maid called Supaporn: hunkered down, alone, dejected and now denuded of her long wig - in a bare concrete holding cell. She had also been cleaned of all make-up and I was surprised by how angular her jaw-line appeared. She didn’t look like a ‘Super Porn’ star actress any more though, all disheveled and vulnerable.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 9.
Pui.

Yes, I Katoey. Always been Katoey, always will be Katoey. Every day I wake up I know I am Katoey. In this life but maybe not next life. I guess I just a well and truly and very much beautiful, feminine, gorgeous, beautiful woman trapped inside ugly man body. Another time, another place, and I could have been the Britney Spears or Lady Ga Ga. But at least I’m in the country my Thailand now. Here no big deal Katoey want to wear women clothes and act, well, like sissy. I spend two years the dancing in New York nightclub scene - that’s how I get my English very good - and I know Katoey can get killed if the man finds you out and isn’t expecting to see a cock, not matter how small is.
In New York I work many odd jobs - mostly kind you call ‘blow’ - and no one ever think I am Katoey. Because we people Thais have smooth, no hair bodies and very little facial hair. The hormone treatment not very necessary for some Katoey. But I want be really beautiful, so I do the lot. Have breast implants. Have a rib removal. Have porcelain veneers on teeth. Have fabulous wigs.
Make me broke, though, and I still not afford the main operation. Breast implant and rib removal pretty straight forward - third year medical student can do for 20,000 baht- but you don’t want student trying to slice off your “Ongkachahd” and carve new pussy into you. That why I do this kind of work. Hey, you know, it actually pay a bit better than dancing and is no risk of AIDS.
One of my best friend, Lek, she die last month. Sure, she make lot of money working bars and go-go dance but the really she was taking much greater risk than straight bargirls, because is the more sexually adventure Farang who go for Katoey and they the Farang who most likely to be infected AIDS. The last three months she start look awful - really bony and black patches on her skin: Kaposi’s Sarcoma medical name Lek called it - and she actual kill herself with heroin overdose before disease progress so far that hospital expenses cost her family money too much. And, of course, the poor girl Lek have no health insurance. Her family always accept her gender status so I guess she figure she owe them that much as mark of the respect.
She beg me every day for one, two week to get China white stuff for her. Now I miss her and sometime, at night when I not sleep, I think about her and how unhappy her life. It make me cry to think of how such very wonderful girls like Lek could have go to waste simple because she was born with lousy Ongkachahd.
I not want my life to be same waste. So, I took this job track down fresh new English teacher when I buy heroin for Lek. Easy work, well and truly and very much easy. I just must to drug them and call one of the boss’s big man to pick up drugged Farang. Most time it’s the incredibly stupid well and truly and very much fat blonde girls from America. Boss like them well and truly and very much. But even easier when they horny guys straight off plane like this funny dressed Englishman. They Farang man always get steam up when I tell them my name Supaporn! I would have start give him the blowjob then just when he come put the vial of ether from out of my panties up to his nose. If he resist I say it amyl nitrate; the kinky Farang always go for that shit. But then cops come and now I got to explain to lousy Hua ping pong why I pretend to be maid in Rajabhat Training Hotel. But they not getting anything information outta me! If connect me with missing teachers then I in the deep shit. The boss is already pissed on account because we must release one teacher who I think was smackhead but turn out to have allergic reaction to heroin. That kind of teacher no use to boss. Her name Khun Cheryl and she spend whole night moaning and wailing much noise - and I had her tied up right next to the Rajabhat Hotel where I get bust! So, they take her back to where find her in Krung Thep and we are just hope that to her mind, as with most Farang, we Thais all are look alike.
Thank Buddha I not have any drugs on me. Or in condom up my ass either for that matter very much. If any police decide to do the sodomy way with me it would be very difficult keep it up there while they pound my behind. I certainly be in the prison for long time very much if they find any of the Ya ba pills I been swallowing early this morning. No trial, no sentence- just lock away until somebody able to bribe somebody else for release of me. I am now hope they don’t get suspicious and make me give the blood sample ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 10.
Candy.

Well, Thanks be to the Lawd Above, my screamin’ got the other girls up an’ movin’. Ah can’t say they wuz all wide awake cuz they wuz all pretty out of it an’ stoned-looking to me. The one opposite me propped herself up on her elbow, brushed her straggly blonde hair aside an’ tried to focus her blood-shot eyes on me.
“You’re new here, aren’t ya? Musta come in on the truck last night.”
Ah recognized her ‘down under’ accent - she wuz Australian. Ah generally like Aussies - y’know, them crocodile hunter types, but ah never met an Aussie chick before. She wuz kinda cute, but very thin an’ pale. She had long dark rings ‘neath her baby blue eyes.
“My name’s Mandy. They’ll be doling out the smack pretty soon, cause it’s the morning time.”
She pointed with her eyes to her right forearm where a cannula wuz inserted in a vein an’ securely taped in place. She smiled a contentedly drugged smile.
“Just lie back and enjoy. Hey, you only have to teach for an hour every second day. And when ya do they give ya a bloody great hit of ‘go-ey’ to getcha through it. It’s a sweet life, really, I mean, compared to being locked up in jail ... ”
Her voice trailed off as she lost consciousness, an’ ah noticed then for the first time that there wuz a cannula stickin’ outta my arm too, just as the door opened an’ in walked two big, black Burmese guys in army fatigues an’ wearin’ surgical face-masks an’ latex gloves. They marched straight up to my bed an’ grabbed my right arm real hard like.
Ah started cussin’ an’ kickin’ an’ screamin’ but they didn’t take no notice an’ pushed the nozzle of a syringe into the cannula.
A few seconds later an’ ah wuz off my face on the best smack ah have ever had the pleasure of experiencin’ ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 11.
Bayard.

My new apartment was salubrious. It looked like lodgings for the landed Thai gentry or those whom, through astute business acumen, and despite the Global Financial Crisis, had simply landed gently.
They called it a condominium but it was more like what I would have deemed a luxury townhouse, being a two storey terrace-style domicile with a small fenced front and back yard. The walls were whitewashed and the free-standing building sported a columned balcony, arched bay windows and Greek statues of haIf-naked goddesses, valiantly holding torches aloft. The famed German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe once said that “Architecture is frozen music”. And these noble words sprang to mind as I appraised my new abode.
Inside, the floors were tiled and cool, and the air conditioning made it seem like an icy oasis compared to the sweltering tropics outside. Humph, Thai cool season my sweat-pimpled arse!
The massive, polished antique furniture, carved from indigenous teak, contrasted with the state-of-the-art wide-screen television and DVD system in the spacious living area. The Hong narm, or bathroom, however, was like most others in Thailand; a squat toilet with a water hose and trigger release for cleaning one’s rear. Some of the forum correspondents on www.ajarnteacher.com call it the ‘bum gun’ and have apparently weaned themselves from the use of toilet paper altogether. The shower was positioned so as to irrigate the toilet or to permit the performance of multiple ablutions simultaneously. There was no hot water unless, in the middle of the day, you were to let the cold water in the pipes under the building run until the water in the pipes exposed to the hot sun came coursing through. Of course, one would rarely desire a hot shower in hot-as-an-oven Thailand.
The entire Hong narm was tucked into a tiny tiled compartment under the stairs. The landlord, understanding the typical Farang inexperience with the ‘bum gun’, had kindly equipped it with a six-pack of toilet paper and I couldn’t resist a chuckle when I read the brand: “Sit and Smile.”
Outside the condominium, friendly banana tree fronds gently stroked the walls with each passing breeze. Beyond my front courtyard there were deep green ponds bordered by coconut trees, ferns, red and pink orchids, and verdant, manicured lawns. Small, spotted grey fish rose to the surface every few seconds while translucent guppies with flame-red tails darted about between the purple lotus flowers and lily pads.
A long-necked tortoise crawled defiantly across the gravel driveway and small, black freshwater crabs scuttled sideways along the footpath.
Hibiscus flowers, bougainvillea and orchids were growing from huge earthenware pots alongside the perimeter fences. They were almost ludicrously perfect flowers, as if their tints had been color coordinated by God himself.
Then a sight incongruous with the floral beauty strode into view. I regarded with caution an ugly five-foot long water monitor lizard as it prowled up and down the banks of the largest and fortunately most distant pond.
To see a “Hia” is considered an ill omen; certainly, to be bitten by one represents a potentially fatal bacterial encounter as their diet consists of the flesh of decaying animals they find floating in the rivers, or “Khlong”. To refer to someone as a water monitor is also a grave insult. But with humans encroaching on their natural territory, their fare has turned to chickens, ducks and farmed fish. Subsequently they are hunted as vermin despite their near-endangered species status acknowledged by the Thai Royal Forestry Department.
Therefore, I viewed this magnificent example of “Vuranus salvator” (zoologists please note the ease with which I insert an additional Wiki factoid) with an attitude of awed privilege. Not so the army of little old ladies in sarongs employed to sweep up the fallen palm leaves - and the droppings from the armies of stray dogs-of this otherwise idyllic residential compound, which had an armed male security guard (not much bigger than any of the old girls) posted at every entrance and exit.
They all gathered to throw rocks at the bewildered dinosaur until it disappeared into an overgrown thicket of vines and jungle shrubbery.
Meanwhile, a team of policemen carted my luggage up the stairs and deposited it reverentially next to the King-size bed in the master bedroom.
Next door was the study, and I wasted no time in nailing up my university imprimatur. After a moment, however, I realized the remoteness of this visual confirmation of my expertise to future students and relocated the parchment to the ground floor area, which I intended to convert to a small classroom for teaching private English lessons, at 500 baht per hour. Two students would be 400 baht each and three would be 300 baht each. A group of three students was not only more lucrative but easier to teach and keep interested. My standard Rajabhat monthly salary was to be 27,600 baht plus an 8,000 baht housing allowance (some Rajabhat provided free on-campus accommodation instead of the allowance), and although this was a good income by Thai standards, I knew I could find the time to make more. Ah yes; baht, baht, baht! - known as the Tical until the 1920s in Thailand - that’s the name of my game!
I glanced again at my degree and cogitated upon the university crest and waxen seal beneath it. My Bachelor of Arts degree, with Honors in Inconsequential Semantics, was all I really had to show for my life to date. I was unmarried and child-less. I was not rich. I had attained neither fame nor glory in any area of endeavor. Who was I?
I was the guy who danced around South-East Asian poverty. I was the guy who made an art out of lies and the desire for people’s blind hope in learning English. I was the guy who got lost somewhere down the post-graduation road. Despite my enduring arrogance and aloofness, there were moments, such as now, when I couldn’t help thinking that Bayard Q. Threeplewoocl Esq. was not really much of a man.
But such moments as these are thankfully short-lived, and as I shrugged off the self-doubt I again turned my attention to my surroundings. Although I approved of my new digs, there were a few minor interior decorating changes to be made. The numerous portraits of the Royal family would have to go into storage. The King of Thailand, his wife Queen Sirikit and their predecessors are much revered in this country and almost every home has at least one ornately framed photograph in a prominent position. The last monarch, King Bhumibol; a slim, bespectacled man born in America, who looked younger and fitter than many men half his age, passed last year, and the nation was in sincere mourning. Indeed, one of the most loved images shows him flushed and sweaty with a glistening dewdrop about to fall from the tip of his nose, as if he had just finished a furious round of polo.
All about Chachoengsao are huge cardboard cut-outs of the King, erected like shrines, with wreaths of flowers and rows of flashing lights. The monarchy is so respected here, unlike in England, that absolutely no criticism is permitted. This and Buddhism are the ‘sacred cows’ of Thailand and to roast either is taboo. Buddhist monks are only slightly less revered than the monarchy and consequently there are many rules to making contact with them. Farang frequently offend unintentionally and risk harsh punishment, were it not for the forgiving and understanding nature of the ordained and their ilk.
I had learnt, from my tourist guidebooks to Thailand, further details about the rulers of the Kingdom. For example: the King of Thailand, His Majesty Bhumibol Adulyadej the Great, was born on December 5, 1927. He is the ninth King of the Chakri dynasty and the longest reigning monarch in the country’s history. The people’s respect and esteem for their leader is remarkable, with crowds of hundreds of thousands turning up to see him wherever he goes. Conversing with the King requires proficiency in a special royal language known as “Rajasap”, in which many ordinary Thai nouns are preceded by “Phra”.
Thus a chair, “Gowee”, becomes “Phra-gowee” if it’s the King’s chair. But this elite language reserved for royalty does not make him aloof and distant from his subjects. Rather, he treats all and sundry as if they were his family. His concern for the well-being of his rural subjects is typified by his invention, the patented Chai pattana machine, for aerating and treating polluted water. Indeed, the King’s name translates as ‘Strength of the Land and Incomparable Power’.
Like at least 95% of the Thai population, the King is Buddhist. Thailand is the divine fulcrum of Buddhism - a syndrome of religious afflictions including the belief that one will be reincarnated into another life-form after death; which gives each of them plenty of room to make mistakes in this lifetime, secure in the knowledge that it’s all a learning process and that eventually they’ll get it right.
But, in fact, the constitution stipulates that although the King must himself be Buddhist he is also to be the Upholder of All Religions. Thus, full religious freedom is enjoyed by the people and there are small communities of Muslims, Christians and other faiths living harmoniously alongside the 27, 000 Buddhist temples dotted throughout the land. Only down South, near the border with Malaysia, is Islam the dominant religion. Indeed, many security conscious Westerners avoid this part of the country for fear of terrorist attacks.
The King’s benevolence is not limited to his human subjects. Recently he published a small illustrated book, which I browsed through at the Heathrow airport book store before boarding my Thailand-bound flight. Printed in Thai on one side and English on the other, it tells the true story of the King’s adoption of a stray Soi dog he named ‘Tongdaeng’. Now while some cynical Westerners might call it vanity publishing it was actually an astute gesture of familiarity with his often barely literate subjects, but nevertheless retailed for the relatively high price of 299 baht. It also encourages the citizens of Thailand to take better care of their canine cohabitants. The book’s publication coincided with a massive campaign to sterilize (not exterminate, as this is contrary to good Buddhist behavior) a considerable percentage of the stray dogs of Bangkok. The King of Thailand is a wise leader and his widespread reverence is well justified.
Feeling a little peckish, I decided to meander outside and prospect the local eateries. The midday sun was blinding and the heat was moist, sultry, torrid and unbearable.
The humidity smothered everything. I nodded deferentially to the dozing security guard outside my door, who sprang to his sweaty feet and smiled back sheepishly.
Ignoring the beckoning driver of a bright red Tuk tuk with the image of a bearded Al Pacino from the movie Serpico for some reason stenciled on its mud-flaps, I limped to the first of many al fresco restaurants stretching the length of the road, and past several filthy dogs pitifully covered with weeping sores lying almost in the middle of the road - as if tempting Buddha to take them mercifully into their next lives. Thai children no older than ten with even younger passengers whizzed past on motorcycles with ominous names like Honda Smash, ignoring the sprawling canines and their unspoken spiritual quests for reincarnation. The unlicensed riders weaved impassively and effortlessly between them. I, on the other hand, skirted the mutts distrustfully, wary of the ever-present risk of rabies, as my bodyguard followed obediently, like a well-trained, predictable and safely disease-free Western puppy, several paces behind me.
As I hobbled along I noticed coconut palms, trunks painted white to shoulder height, lining the Soi. Branching off from this street I could see other, lesser Soi lined with unpainted flame trees and frangipanis. Black tattoos, barely visible on the dark skin of the chests of the shirtless youths lolling on cane-floored, thatch-roofed platforms half a meter off the dusty ground, identified the local young thugs - if at 50 kilograms in bodyweight, a young man can be called a thug, regardless of his menacing demeanor. Still, one never could tell what manner of flick-knives or razors were secreted in their un-employed pockets. Their scooters and small motorcycles, parked adjacent, were almost certainly their most prized possessions; along with their disdain for rich Farang.
Of course, to young, impoverished men such as these, all Farang are rich; they must be, otherwise why would they, and by ‘they’ I mean ‘me’, be in Thailand?
Bound to follow in their futureless footsteps were bare-bottomed urchins, with Johnson’s and Johnson’s baby powder caked thickly on their faces, playing in the red dust adjacent to the tattooed boys’ territory. The children scattered from my path, which I made sure did not impinge on the callow youths’ patch, retreated a respectful distance and surveyed the semi-English menu with suspicion- it read then, satisfied there was no risk from the strange Farang, re-plunged their explorative fingers deep into their nostrils as they stared at me with bulging eyes.
The Soi ran adjacent to a Khlong and tiny huts made of corrugated sheet metal and palm fronds were perched on stilts above the surprisingly pellucid water, which was brimming with curious locals enjoying the refreshing aquatic coolness. Like most traditional Thai houses built alongside a Khlong, they looked as if they might fall into the water at the slightest bump. Children, their brown skins glistening in the sun, were taking a communal swimming bath and yelled, “Hello Farang!” simultaneously at the rare sight of an utlandisc from some distant planet so near their own homes. So I generously waved back to these young Chachoengsao denizens.
I squinted through my monocle and could just make out a line of stubble-headed Buddhist monks clad in saffron robes crossing bamboo suspension bridges to the gold-accented Wat Sothon monastery along the path on the other bank. On the distant horizon, end-of-monsoon season cumulonimbus clouds were building and, I suspected, preparing to drench me in a warm tropical downpour, so I dilly-dallied not.
A confusing mélange of odors greeted me as I inspected the shop-fronts; not quite your archetypical caravanserai. The fluctuating value of the baht often meant the once astute Thai businessman who had a corner on the market now only has a market on the corner. I examined the food stall next to the residential compound and surveyed the product which the proprietor professed to be ‘food’. Great lumps of pork fat were floating amongst a growing population of bobbing amoeba in a cold, congealing stew of indeterminate fibrous vegetation. I suppressed a gag reflex. The bin-side stall was hardly clean and as the menu had no English, I ventured to the establishment next door. This restaurant, too, was filthy, and I surveyed the semi-English menu with suspicion - it read like three pages of badly written pulp fiction- and closely perused the heaping of unidentifiable brown sludge atop steamed rice a seemingly content middle-aged male Thai customer was consuming.
My distrust and doubts were minor compared to the previous eatery I had inspected, but it ill behooved me to be picky and, with an electric bain-marie in operation, I decided to get used to slumming it - going ‘native’ as it were. I pointed to what looked like a curry of minced pork, green beans and squid rings, asking “Pet tamaduh, mai khrap?” - ‘Is it average heat?’ The aproned Thai lady agreed with a “Ka, ka” and indicated to a folding chair and table covered with worn, faded linoleum. She wiped down the surface and placed a tray of condiments, a stain-less steel box of spoons and chopsticks, and a pitcher of cold tea on the table. Seconds later a barefoot child with a runny nose positioned a glass of shaved ice next to the jug before running off giggling at the hilarious sight of a Farang sitting in their family’s very own restaurant.
A tiny gecko (or “Jingjok”, which is the Thai appellation for the small green ones; “Tookae” for the larger brown versions) poked its head out from between the jars of chili sauce on the condiments tray and wriggled off to a safe distance. The lizard cocked its head and grinned at me with benign curiosity. Since my initial encounter with the copulating reptilian couple at the Rajabhat Training Hotel I had learnt that these cute little animals are the opposite of the water monitor brutes that prowl the Khlong.
They are insectivorous, eating mostly mosquitoes, and are utterly harmless to humans. They seem to spend most of their time hanging motionless from the ceiling before skittering off at a frantic pace after a blood-sated, sleeping mosquito or in hormonal search of their lady gecko love. The sound they make is sometimes described as barking or chirping but I think it sounds more like the human ‘tch tch’ of disapproval one might get from one’s barely human mother-in-law.
As with most things Thai, superstition abounds regarding these wall lizards; especially regarding the direction from which their mating call emanates. If it comes from behind you then someone is jealous of you and you’d best watch out. If the noise comes from your left then all your efforts over the following days will be successful and you will be rewarded with much respect and veneration. However, if the gecko calls from your right you are in for some real suffering. Worst of all is if a dead gecko falls from the ceiling and lands at your feet, as this may mean a death in your family or social circle.
But if a decidedly living gecko wriggles over your feet, though it may tickle a bit, you are bound for extraordinary success.
Surprisingly, despite their abundance, they are not a popular gourmet dish - this in a country that devours truckloads of fried grasshoppers, toads, cicadas, scorpions, silkworm larvae and other assorted bugs and vermin. I guess they’re just too cute to eat. But if you do try to catch one you will most likely be surprised to find yourself holding nothing more than its still wriggling tail. Geckoes the world over have the remarkable defense mechanism of being able to discard their tails when attacked, leaving the wannabe predator with a distracting yet still wriggling morsel while the resourceful Jingjok scampers off to a safe place to recuperate and slowly grow a new tail.
Having lost interest in my scaly friend, I turned my attention once again to my deglutition. Now some travelers are wary of drinking the local water and dining on the local comestibles but I consider it a preventative act of immunization. By inoculating myself with low level exposure to the neighborhood micro-organisms I strengthen my immunity and galvanize my constitution. That which does not kill me makes me stronger, etc. Besides, I had already espied several large sealed plastic bottles of purified water from which the serving lady had drawn my refreshment so I confidently sipped the iced water and awaited my meal.
On the walls were the ubiquitous kitsch images of Buddhas (some say there are more images and sculptures of Buddha in Thailand than actual people) and out-of-date calendars featuring portraits of the King. Something else caught my eye: a small shelf studded with incense sticks and flowers and a statuette of a young lady beckoning with one hand. Consulting my well-thumbed pocket guide-book for the umpteenth time that day, I learnt that this was Nang kwak, a good luck talisman. I wondered if ‘talis-woman’ would be a better term ... She is always featured sitting sideways on the floor with her left hand resting seductively on her thigh and her right hand raised in the Thai style of good manners with the palm face down. Her presence is believed to encourage passers-by and thus improve business.
Meanwhile, my repast had arrived; served on a bed of jasmine-scented white rice with a side dish of sliced green cucumber and spring onions. Baby octopus, delicately crumbed and fried squid rings, freshly minced lean pork, garlic, finely diced green beans and red and green peppers had been stir-fried to perfection. The pork was impeccable; it was, perhaps, a well-mannered pig you could have taken anywhere had it not been scheduled to meet its demise.
Selecting my cutlery, I recalled the guidebook’s warning that there’s nothing more embarrassing than using your fork as the tool for shoveling food into your mouth.
Thais traditionally use a fork and spoon to consume most meals but the fork is used as the guider (much like Westerners use a knife) and the spoon as the main scooping implement. Putting a fork in your mouth is looked at much like putting a knife in your gaping yaw would be in the West - not particularly polite. Another rule of Thai dining etiquette is to never blow one’s nose whilst eating, no matter how much the spicy food has made one’s nose drip onto your shirt, the table or the tailless cat reclining beneath your chair. Chicken on the bone, even if it’s not quite finger lickin’ good, or sticky rice from a woven bamboo cylinder are a few of the foods the diner’s fingers may be used to consume without eliciting condescending looks from the other Thai customers.
Many Westerners are surprised by the lack of chop-sticks used for eating food in Thailand. These tricky instruments are actually an import to Thailand from China. Consequently, Thais really only use them for eating things like noodle soups and a select number of Chinese specialty dishes. Spoons are the most commonly used eating utensil by far.
And the restaurant’s service is not always up to Western standards. You might not get what you think you have ordered. You may even get your entree served after your mains. But Westerners whom become agitated, loud and demanding usually get the silent treatment from most Thais, even though it is the Land of Smiles. Many tourists never figure that out and put on embarrassing displays of rudeness; but to absolutely no avail. The only way is to smile, grin or laugh and ask again.
Confident I was eating Thai-style, I tucked into the delicious but hot and spicy delicacy with (non-gay) abandon, pausing every few seconds to extinguish the conflagration in my mouth with a few mouthfuls of rice, which seemed to be more effective than a dozen gargles of cold tea. A bowl of steaming broth with a few slices of soft, bland melon-like vegetable in the bottom had also been served and after clearing my plate of stir-fry I raised the now cool broth to my lips and slurped it down noisily, unaware that I was finally committing a Thai breach of dining etiquette; not that there was anyone present I wished to impress with my culturally astute manners. Wiping my fingers with the tiny pink tissues I found in a. compartment of the condiments tray, I summoned the proprietor with a Thai-style palms-down wave of my hand and enquired as to the money owing for my refection.
“Thorae, khrap?”
“Yeesip baht.”
I handed over the 20 baht note, marveling at the cheapness of Thai fodder, as the old woman Wai-ed at me and the child started to clean away my dishes and cutlery from the table. With the low cost and high quality of victuals in my new home country I anticipated a healthy improvement in my gaunt physique.
As I left the Thai-style bistro the sky, like a giant living thing, thundered, rumbled and belched jagged shards of lightning. The rain started to fall in heavy splattering drops that kicked up little clouds of red dust in the un-paved street, and the cerise patina covering my bare fore-arms started to turn into a fine slurry. I quickened my pace until I noticed, in a darkened lattice-worked kitchen, next to a young boy engrossed in a novel-length comic book, a Thai girl of paralyzing beauty pounding a pestle and mortar. She was wearing a faded blue cheesecloth blouse and equally faded tight blue jeans and looked sensational despite her inelegant squatting posture. Her face seemed to have been artfully daubed by the brushstroke of God himself.
She looked up at me.
I looked back but she looked away.
I looked away and she looked back.
I looked back and we both smiled.
This was truly a moment of intimacy between two strangers, one of them - myself - being markedly stranger than most.
A moment in which the gulf dividing our two cultures was briefly bridged by mutual amorous desire. It was a moment of international goodwill which promised a romantic exchange unhindered by verbal communication problems or bureaucratic red tape. As usual, I naively willed myself to believe this.
The beautiful moment was destroyed, however, by a deafening thunderclap. I looked up to notice great black clouds rolling in and the sky looking like it was ready to burst, as the girl rushed to see to something in her rain-threatened backyard. As the heavens began to unleash their reservoirs of warm tropical rain I made a mental marker to offer this particular lass discount English lessons if I ever saw her again.
I returned to my apartment looking like a drenched rat but as content as the tomcat who had caught himself such a rodent.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 12.
Keowah.

There is a staff meeting every two weeks for the English teaching department of the Rajabhat Institute Rajanagarindra. We usually discuss the curriculum and upcoming special events such as the Humanities Faculty Day when we organize English speech, storytelling and singing contests. The students all enjoyed these non-academic activities last year-not least because of the prize money that was on offer. These so-called English scholarships were 700 baht for first place, 500 for second and 300 for third; quite a substantial amount for these poor farmers’ sons and daughters. The most popular contest, however, is invariably the singing. Thai people love to sing, as evidenced by the popularity of karaoke lounges around the town. Last year there were 58 contestants in the singing - 19 of them sang “My heart will go on” from the hit movie Titanic, which was just a little tedious for the judges. But the kids at least have good clean fun when they’re ‘kickin’ karaoke ass!’ instead of shooting up drugs. Two years ago - just as she was getting hooked on Burmese heroin - my beloved younger sister Watcharee had won this contest with her soulful but prophetic rendition of Neil Young’s “The needle and the damage done”. She died of an overdose three weeks short of graduating.
Another frequent agenda item relates to student breaches of the Rajabhat dress code. Teenage fashions are the constant enemy of the Rajabhat. Firstly, jeans; no self-respecting, up-to-date teenage style exponent would be seen dead dressed in public in polite shorts, skirts or dress trousers. For them it’s got to be blue denim, be it three quarter length jeans with floral cuffs; jeans with bells on the seams; tie-dyed, fatigued and stone washed denim deliberately frayed or ripped; two toned or acid streaked and whiskered jeans; low-riding hipsters; bell-bottom flares or dead straight stovepipes - indeed, all or any of the imaginable permutations of the humble riveted blue cotton work pants Mr. Levi Strauss made his name from.
Tops, on the other hand, can be almost anything as long as it has something English written on it- no matter how grammatically incorrect, sexually suggestive or obscure the English phrase emblazoned across their chests and/or backs might be. And also, for the girls, tops have to be figure-hugging. Boys like to wear sleeveless tee-shirts, not that they necessarily have buffed biceps to show off, and will often complement the macho look with gaudy bandannas over their hair. Some prefer to keep their long locks out of their eyes with girlish plastic hair bands, while the lasses are currently going for ‘Andy Capp’ styled flat peaked caps. Imported Kangols are the most popular and expensive brand but most kids wear imitations. And then there’s the ubiquitous base-ball cap - worn backwards, of course.
Backyard tattoos are common, on girls and guys; especially on the chest, hands and forearms, but they’re usually distinctly Thai: consisting of much Thai script and little of the standard Western tattoo imagery. Other accoutrements of Thai teenage fashion include the girl’s (and some guy’s) six-inch-tall platform shoes, reminiscent of ‘70s glam rockers. Young Thai males have a predilection for wedging a five or ten baht coin in their ear lobes that I cannot understand at all. Some boys prefer to lodge mobile phone SIM cards there instead.
Piercings tend to be a single large gold ring for the boys and a multitude of smaller rings down the length of each earlobe for the girls. Nose and lip rings, as seen on their MTV idols, are to be seen occasionally but are wisely removed before class, as an irate teacher can shed a lot of student blood if he or she rips the ring out forcibly. Then there are the male Katoey students, of which there are many, who further abuse the accepted dress code with heavy facial make-up.
Like teenage fashion victims the world over, these desperately hip youngsters’ changing trends amuse me no end, but often earn the offending student serious detention duties. The correct dress code for Rajabhat students, as illustrated by a giant billboard at the front gates, is for the girls: black covered, modestly high-heeled shoes, black knee-length skirt, a black leather belt with the Rajabhat’s unique buckle, a short-sleeved white blouse with silver Rajabhat buttons and a Rajabhat brooch. Boys are required to wear lace-up black low-heeled shoes, black trousers, leather belt with the Rujabaht’s buckle, a long-sleeved white shirt with a green Rajabhat tie and the Rajabhat tie-pin. Of course, all these official Rajabhat accessories can only be bought at the Rajabhat and represent, as they say in the West, a nice little earner for the school.
Rajabhat hairstyles are supposed to be short for the boys and long for the girls but many augment their hirsute locks with brightly colored hair dyes; red, green, pink, blue, purple - you name it, some student will be colored it. Rules? Stretch ‘em, say the cool kids! Boy’s shirt-tails must always be tucked in and on no account are jeans, sandals or bandannas to be worn to classes, but they are. Any girl who shows up bra-less under a thin tee-shirt is immediately sent home; such immodesty is intolerable, but still one or two will assemble each morning, headlights aglow.
Instead of such superficial work on maximizing individual appearance, the recommended attire makes the students look respectable and many Ajarn believe, with their slightly, possibly flawed logic, that uniforms encourage them to study harder and learn better. However, few students abide by these rules perfectly.
Arts students are the most blatant offenders, citing their need to wear non-uniform because of the messy paint they use in their work. Thus, non-adherence to Rajabhat dress code is rife and usually only enforced and punished when a student is also considered guilty of an additional misdemeanor.
In addition to these usual agenda items it is standard procedure for the behavior of our foreign English teachers to be listed for discussion. Lately, of course, matters were muted on this subject, what with the disappearance of Ajarn Cheryl. But the other Thai teachers of English now wanted to know about the new Farang. Was he “Seung gure gub” - an alcoholic? Was he “Poo tid yah sebtid” - a drug addict? Was he going to enter into forbidden relations with the students? And sometimes they even wanted to know if the new teacher could teach. Well, Ajarn Bayard had only given six classes by the time of this staff meeting but I could say with quite some confidence that he seemed to be neither alcoholic, drug addict or womanizer. Could he teach? Well, how many teachers in Thai Rajabhat can actually teach? What with our non-student oriented learning style where the pupil is discouraged from questioning - rather, they are told to sit there quietly and respectfully, lift open the ‘flap’ on top of their skulls and let the information provided by the teacher fall in, where, miraculously, it would be understood, digested and absorbed. Students should sit at their study desks, utterly motionless, while the English language is pumped into them like air into a deflated motorcycle inner tube. It’s as if they believe the teacher has some kind of magical power to transfer knowledge and all the student needs to do is be physically, if not mentally, present.
In addition, the teacher is considered infallible and to even suggest an alternative explanation to that provided is most disrespectful and entirely unheard of. As long as the students can memorize by rote whatever the Ajarn, usually lecturing impersonally with the use of a microphone even in a small class of 30 students, is proclaiming, they will pass the subject and proceed to the next level.
No student who manages at least a 50% attendance rate is ever held back from progressing to the next grade or year. Indeed, not progressing to the next grade is almost unheard of. Copying of homework and exam answers is de rigueur. To Thais, the appearance of learning is everything and lateral thinking, problem solving and inventive thinking are foreign concepts. I’ve taught the Thai language in an Australian university - that’s how I honed my English skills - and I know that the differences between their institutions of higher learning and our Rajabhat are cavernous. We don’t even have tutorial sessions, while in the West such question, answer and discussion groups are at least as important as the lectures. This mediaeval approach to learning typifies the Thai education system and, I must confess, greatly disheartens me. Unfortunately, I am always in the minority when I suggest changes to the Rajabhat style of teaching, which is deeply ingrained in the psyche of Thai Ajarn.
The current educational system in Thailand was founded during the reign of King Rama IV, King Mongkut, more than a century ago. Initially, this new type of education was provided only to royalty, while ordinary people (or at least those not rich) could only study, free of charge, under the Buddhist monks. This situation continued until the reign of King Rama V, King Chulalongkorn, who upon his return from European travels founded an elementary school known as the ‘Royal Pages’ School, and also a teacher training school, in 1892, at the former Yos se Orphanage in Bangkok (also known as ‘The Children’s Home’) for the purpose of training primary school teachers. As the education system expanded, the need for teachers inevitably increased. Training schools were established in both metropolitan and provincial areas to prepare teachers for work in Thailand’s growing number of primary and secondary schools. By 1928 there were 25 such schools operating, offering programs of instruction leading to the award of a primary teaching certificate or a secondary teaching certificate.
It was not until 1954, however, that a separate teacher education department in the Ministry of Education was established. This represented a major reorganization of the teacher education system, responsible for training qualified teachers for elementary and secondary schools throughout Thailand.
During the early years, up to 1975, teachers’ colleges offered only two programs. The Lower Certificate in Education was available to students who had completed junior high school and would enable them to teach primary school after two years of teacher training. The Higher Certificate equipped senior high school graduates, also after a two year teacher training program, to teach in secondary schools. However, the Teachers’ College Act of 1975, initiated as a result of the increase in the number of years of compulsory education decreed by the government and the high rate of population growth, led to the teachers’ colleges offering a four-year program culminating in the award of a bachelor’s degree in education. Once employed, they were also required to engage in research, to promote the quality and status of teaching and administrative personnel, to maintain and conserve Thai culture and national identity, and to provide academic services to the community. No short order! For nine years teachers’ colleges performed this function effectively, by training teachers with better qualifications to fill almost all teaching positions, but then, owing to a surplus of teacher education graduates, the Teachers’ College Act of 1975 was revised in 1984. As a result of this - the Teachers’ College Act of 1984 - the Teacher Education Department, represented by the then 36 teachers’ colleges, diversified its curricula to train personnel in fields other than education.
The centenary of teacher education in Thailand was in 1992. This year also saw the Department of Teacher Education assume wider roles in the formation of the nation’s future professionals. Consequently, there was a serious effort to find a name which would accurately reflect the teachers’ colleges new role and on February 14th, 1992, His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulayadej graciously assigned them the name ‘Rajabhat Institute’.
The Rajabhat Institutes Act of 1995 brought about even more changes in the colleges’ structure, administration and autonomy. Until then, colleges had been required to offer first degree programs in certain majors only, but they could now opt to offer additional authorized programs in the liberal arts, humanities and the sciences.
Now, all restrictions have been removed from the range of fields and majors which the Rajabhat Institutes can offer - subject to an authentication and accreditation process. Available are first, second and third degrees and intermediate diplomas in locally oriented areas of specialization for the benefit of the variously gifted tertiary students of Thailand.
But our education system has still got a long way to go and teachers such as Ajarn Bayard, I told the staff meeting, may well help us in that journey. He may dress strangely, but he seems genuine to me. A collective “Oiiii” came from the other teachers, childishly titillated by my apparent affection for the new English teacher, and I desperately hoped I wasn’t blushing.
“Oiiii, Ajarn Keowah, you are blushing!”
I felt as if I had swallowed a shot-put whole. I sank deep into my chair and fervently wished that the Earth would open up and swallow me whole.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 13
Pui.

Man, that was close one! All that stupid Hua ping pong needed was the good blowjob and I was outta that place there. And that, my friend, is specialty of me, although almost all Katoey are pretty damn good at blowjob. Maybe only guy - or former guy - knows how another guy really like it done to be.
CIS girls tend to be scared of a man cock, or they touch it so gentle - as if they going to hurt it - that the man hardly even notice she down there. Mai, ka. Guys like you be enthusiastic. Enthusiastic well and truly and very much. You must act as if just to see it ecstasy for woman. Don’t be soft or lady, just go for it. You not going to damage it. You know, guys beat off every-day with the rock-hard grip and callused palm and they never hurt themself. Even I used to jerk off like animal before I start the hormones.
Natural, if you have time and equipment, you will start by washing and dry his feet. This starts whole Thai act of subservient degradation self that lowly cops really get their off on- they are really need to feel they are more important than you. The feet are the least important and most dishonorable part of the Thai person body, so of course you must be carefully what you do with yours.
Do not point your feet at him!
Rather, you are sit with your legs point to side while you scrub his filthy “Meu farang”. This aspect Thai culture is so misunderstood by foreigners that derogative term Meu farang, meaning ‘Foreigner hands’, is often use to describe a Thai’s feet. Stupid Farang are always use their feet to do tasks which the hands were made for do, such as kick a door shut. Some even are proud in their rude ability to pick up objects such as the drop car keys on ground with the toes and many Farang disrespectfully refuse to take off shoes before enter a Thai person’s home.
Some are Farang so stupid they need to be told remove the footwear before enter temple!
I even saw one time stupid Farang stamp his foot on a drop 10 baht coin that will roll away - he stamp on the image of the King. What disrespect! Some Thais take it bit too far, however, by re-arrange the banknotes in the wallet so that King’s head always uppermost. That maybe bit silly.
After the clean of his feet is done you can then let him further degrade you body Thai-style by touching you on the head, which as any Thai knows is most insulting thing person can do to another. Thai head is sacred - it is source of “Kwan”, or vital spirit. Kwan gives strength and good health but is very sensitive to rude treatment. If insulted, the Kwan may leave the body to refuge in the forest and Thai person will suffer much poor health and bad luck. You, as woman, must not touch his head without his expressed permission, as the female hand is very antagonistic to male Kwan. Of course, in our man world, the opposite belief is not respected and man will always want to stroke you feminine head. And, predictable, this is almost impossible for most men resist when you face buried in his lap.
And let him think you so hypnotized by his power and position that you actual enjoy him do it. Let him touch you head, no matter how insult it feel to you. Let him caress you temples, run fingers through you hair (but be carefully well and truly and very much if you wear wig or weave) and let him believe that he truly superior you as you constantly keep you head lower than his. If he is sit down you must duck you head lower than his in deference, even before blowjob. Remember how, as student, you had to duck head when pass a sit down Ajarn - the same apply to seduce Thai man. Once you started noble art fellatio, look up into his eyes occasionally and give wicked smile. All this reinforce act of volunteer submission you performing, enthrall by his manly superior.
And remember, almost all guys insecure about the size - especially less well - endowed Asians. If you can do convince, say something about be unsure if you even be able to get your mouth around it. If is small, don’t say anything-he already knows is not porn star status and will not appreciate you fake compliment. Whatever do - no matter how tiny is - do not laugh. That when you run the greatest risk get your beautiful, surgical enhance face well and truly and very much smash in.
If he taking long time coming then act you can’t control yourself any longer and rip you shirt open. Rub you implant breasts up against the place base of his balls. And the area between his balls and asshole - that place super-sensitive. Kiss it. Stroke it. Blow gently it. Then pretend that you just noticed his cock again and go down greedy on it. Act like is dipped in chocolate and you just love the taste of. When he comes try to not to let him see you spit it out. Then lean back and purr like cat something like “Mmm, I really like do that.”
That what I do, anyway, and is a skill that get me out of much potential nasty scrapes, include this one. I now walking out of that Chachoengsao Police station and they none their wiser to me. Hell, they not even find out who I am and all I needed was gargle of Listerine mouthwash and I put whole unpleasant experience behind me. Talking of which, to try not to let him do to you anal - you not want to be hurt for rest of day and walk funny. Tell him giving head something you really love do - that you famous for it in Pattaya and if he give you the chance he soon know why is. Besides, AIDS risk is very much lower for oral sex so no need to insist on condom on. Ah, the mighty power of blowjob.
I turn corner and lose myself in morning market crowd before back-track to make sure I not be followed and then finding a pay phone to call Boss in Krung Thep. As I expect, my instructions now to leave Chachoengsao immediate and meet the Boss’s contacts Krung Thep. It too much risk for me to be stay here, just in case police still suspicious.
But I confident my feminine had get me out of yet another risk situation. Still, a visit to temple to make a merit before I left Chachoengsao seem like good idea ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 14.
Bayard.

I recall now with amusement my very first day of teaching at the Rajabhat. Dressed in my finest hard-wearing wool-blend double-pleated and cuffed trousers, Scottish tartan braces (to which clan I was not loathe to claim noble ancestral allegiance, if the company I shared was sufficiently gullible), Florsheim business shoes, and crisp white long-sleeved shirt with a snazzy polka-dotted bow tie, I forewent the motorcycle taxi. With a scarcely perceptible swagger, I approached the waiting line of Tuk tuk taxis, with their powerful 550 cc engines and 4 speed transmissions, and raised my palm.
The first money hungry Tuk tuk driver in the queue turned and leered at me, his fist flashing a well-worn catalogue of naked Thai girls lounging unselfconsciously in a Jacuzzi.
“You! You! Hey, you! Want sexy lady?”
For amusement’s sake, I decided to vex the coachman a little.
“You! You! Yes! Yes! Mmm, Jacuzzi ... We go! You! Hey, you! You and me. Together, you and me, in Jacuzzi, together in bathtub, together in bed. No girls! No girls! Sanuk! Sanuk! You and me!”
Obviously heterosexual, thank God, this facetious request did not appeal to him.
“No! No! I take you your place. Where you go? Where you go?”
“Rajabhat,” I ordered. The driver turned the key in the ignition a few times before the reconditioned Daihatsu engine of the Tuk tuk finally choked to life.
I reclined in the back of the three-wheeled vehicle and enjoyed a conversation-less and detour-less journey to work. Our only delay was at Chachoengsao’s one set of traffic lights, which are normally ignored by all and sundry but were today on the orange-orange-orange blink. A policeman wearing a helmet, dark sunglasses and a dirty white cotton facemask still managed to find a facial orifice through which to incessantly blow his whistle, making a vain attempt at directing the traffic through the intersection. When he noticed the Tuk tuk had a Farang passenger he grinned and waved us through deferentially.
Past the imposing gates embossed with gold Thai lettering and not a word of English, the Tuk tuk swerved around the stray dogs that slept, seemingly oblivious to the peril, in the middle of the dusty car park of the Rajabhat. But then, these were Buddhist dogs. Death meant reincarnation - and any life had to be better than that of a mangy Soi mongrel.
Despite the grandeur of the entrance, the campus was drab and soulless and I duly marched into the air-conditioned administration office, which was strangely signposted in English as ‘Pubic Relations’.
After a serving of green tea and very sweet plain sponge cake, the Dean of the English faculty gave me a series of American-penned textbooks and recorded audio CDs - all of them incomprehensible due to the mangled hi-speed English of the ‘Septic tank AKA Yanks) voice ‘specialists’; mostly wannabe Hollywood movie actors who innocently thought they should sound natural, not realizing that natural American conversation is delivered way too fast for new learners in foreign countries.
I asked the dean how many English teachers worked at the Rajabhat. She answered, apparently in all seriousness: “About half.” I qualified my question by asking how many English Ajarn used the recommended textbooks.
She said she had absolutely no idea but they were all required to sell the textbook and tapes to as many students as possible. Another nice little earner for the Rajabhat at the student’s educational expense, I cynically surmised.
But the time had come for me to prove my mettle; to actually teach. For my inaugural English lesson I had already decided to concentrate on introducing myself and then getting the students to do the same. And, of course, making sure all my students took one of my new business cards home to mum and dad. But my lesson wasn’t until 3 pm, and it was still only 11 am. Lunch and some idle moments on the Rajabhat slow-but-free internet would fill in the time nicely.
I walked out of the communal English teacher’s office, where I had been enjoying the chilled air and internet chatting while pretending to be writing lesson plans, at 2.50 pm. My moniker on www.Thailandchitchat.com was ‘Rich Farang’ and I had already managed to get twenty-three young Thai ladies to email me their photos and mobile telephone numbers on the premise of teaching them free English. There were offers of marriage from the mothers of illiterate teens. My inbox was bursting with financially motivated desire.
I had also met the only other Farang on staff; an old-timer Aussie named Harry. Unforgettable in his in his 20 year old polyester safari suit, he was armed with a walking frame and a broad antipodean accent. He was bald, bearded and sported the yellowiest gap-toothed smile I have ever seen. His breath smelt like a diseased and dying badger. There was more hair in his ears than on his scalp. Apparently he was married to a lovely Thai woman, 20 years his junior, who had borne him three, now teen-age, girls; two of whom were enrolled somewhere at the Rajabhat. I made a mental note to check for their names on all my roll-calls of students, for the last thing I wanted was to be accused of leering at my co-worker’s daughters, although I probably would discretely check them out. “Look khrung” - or, literally, half-breeds - are usually very attractive and many make careers in Thai show business.
The problem with Ajarn Harry was that he seemed oblivious to my yawns of indifference every time he launched into another longwinded story borne from his many years as an ex-pat in Chachoengsao. His war stories from when he allegedly flew choppers in Vietnam were the worst - totally unbelievable tales of bravado and outlandish derring-do. Such claims to wartime heroism are to be taken with a grain of salt, a slice of lemon and a generous shot of tequila. I know he meant well but it was a relief to finally part company with him and his wearisome anecdotes.
The air in the corridors was cloying and heavy with humidity. The entire Rajabhat campus was held tight in its steamy grip. I had by now dispensed with the worsted wool jacket for daily wear and was even considering short sleeves, so my discomfort level was only moderate as I climbed the five flights of stairs to Room 553 and flung open the doors. Immediately, the 64 eyes of 32 luscious and nubile female Rajabhat students swiveled towards me. My heart rate quickened as I took in the first row. Sweat beaded on my forehead in the non air-conditioned classroom while I tried to compose myself before returning my attention to my students. But it was no use - the vision before me was intoxicatingly surreal. A luscious Asian fantasy had come to life before my very eyes. They were all utterly gorgeous. Strappy high-heeled sandals; daintily painted toe nails; smooth, brown toned legs attached to super slim bodies; black skirts ranging from mini to full-length (but with a slit up to mini height); tight white cotton blouses stretched over pert young breasts; identical Rajabhat brooches over the left chest pocket; sleek, straight black hair in various styles and lengths; exotic, oval-shaped faces - and each one bearing a smile of pubescent hormonal anticipation.
I knew they were mostly poor farmer’s daughters with an average age of 19 and I wondered how long it would be before my professional ethics were abandoned in favor of a slow student making up for poor grades by offering me libidinous relief. My God, these girls were hot! I wiped the fog from my glasses and replaced them over my leering eyes.
Unexpectedly, my drooling reverie was broken by a boy’s voice.
“Please stand up.”
The solitary male student in my class rose to his feet at the back and was followed by the rest of my diligent pupils. They chorused in unison, “Good af-tah-noon, teachah!”
Returning their greeting, I bade them all sit down, wrote my name on the blackboard and commenced calling the roll, which had some of the longest, most difficult names to pronounce I had ever seen. After each attempt was met with a “Plesent, Ajarn Bay-ah!” I asked for their nicknames and ended up with more than four each of Leks, Lucks, Puis and Nois. Not to mention the three Nuchs, Boos and Noks. So, I began referring to them as Lek No. 1, Lek No. 2, Lek. No. 3 and so on.
When I returned to the staffroom after the class, Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah explained to me that the term ‘nickname’ is a bit misleading. In the Western sense, a nickname is usually an appellation only used amongst friends and can often be derogatory. Most Western people don’t even have one, especially as adults.
Thais, on the other hand, usually refer to each other by nicknames first and foremost, and they will usually introduce themselves by using their nickname in much the same way a Farang would their first name. Some people have several, usually one used at home and one used amongst friends. Many nicknames are given to a person at birth; in fact, it’s not uncommon to see a person’s nick-name on the birth certificate, with the proper name added on later. Created at birth as many are, it is not surprising to learn that Lek means small, as does Noi, and that these are perhaps the two most common of all Thai monikers.
Nicknames can also be a shortened version of a person’s proper name, be based on a physical characteristic, or simply be a word that the parents or friends like the sound of. Most nicknames are one syllable and they are often used instead of a personal pronoun in casual speech.
I asked Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah what her nickname was but she just smiled evasively and said, “It’s a secret.”
After calling the roll, which must have taken up a good twenty minutes of the fifty-minute class, I began introducing myself, telling them briefly about my former life in England and what I wanted to achieve in Thailand.
Suddenly, one of the girls raised her hand timidly.
“Excuse me, Ajarn Bay-ah. You marry?”
“Uh, no, no. Not marry. I mean, no, I am not married.”
“You like Thai lady?”
The class collapsed into raucous fits of giggling. Pitching and yawing under the stress of the sexual innuendo that hung in the air like a waft of alluring yet cheap perfume, my blush was apparent to all and I was dreading a flurry of asinine, even more libidinous questions. Eventually I was to learn to evade such frequent questioning about my marital status by stating the contrived explanation:
“I lost my wife in a car accident.”
To which one pupil replied sincerely:
“I hope you finding her soon.”
This was not how I wanted my first lesson to proceed and I could feel my British temper rising. But fortuitously, a stunningly beautiful student appeared at the door and distracted the class from their probing questions - and me from anything else in the world (short of an atomic bomb exploding in the adjacent classroom), for she was a captivatingly beautiful specimen of Thai womanhood.
“Excuse me, teacher, may I enter?”
“Why, yes, please do.”
The young hoyden bobbed up and down in a kind of Thai curtsy and entered, bending down as if trying to be inconspicuous, whilst quickly locating a vacant seat. I took out the roll and looked at her with what I hoped was stern disapproval, and not the carnal longing I was actually experiencing.
“What is your name, young lady?”
“Lek.”
“Of course it is. Well, Miss Lek No. 5, would you care to tell me why you are late?”
The beautiful teenage girl in the black miniskirt, high heels and lipstick who had sat in the entirely vacant front row (which was always unoccupied, as if the students thought I would ask them fewer questions the further away they sat from me) wiped a tear from her dark, sensual eyes. Although present in lithe, gamine body she seemed to be far away emotionally; reminiscing, perhaps, about her parent’s bucolic world of rustic delights.
She explained her predicament:
“So solly, teacher. I late because buffalo die.”

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 15.
Leo.

Man, I could do with a decent hit of speed right now. I’ve been, like, smacked out of my skull all day - just nodding off and listening to boring Isaan folksongs on the radio - but now I’m awake and relatively straight, so it’s time to party! Boo, my Thai girlfriend, is visiting her folks in up-country Isaan. She said the town was called Sisaket and I looked it up on the free backpacker’s map, where I finally found it listed as Sri Sa Ket. Funny thing, that, about the English translations of Thai words. The English version can be downright deceptive to a native speaker of English. The translated word ‘Sri’ is actually pronounced in Thai as if the ‘r’ wasn’t there. All the islands of Thailand are translated as Koh, whereas the actual pronunciation requires a hard ‘g’, as in ‘Goh’.
On the Thai Airways flight from L.A., I began to wonder about the very first Thai word I had learnt, Sawasdee, the equivalent of ‘hello’ - when I read their in-flight magazine, which is called Suwasdee. Now, like, I was positive the tape I had borrowed from the local library had said ‘Sawatdee’, not ‘Sawasdee’. I guess it’s because there is no exact English equivalent for many of the sounds in Thai speech. I mean, how do you translate a sound that is a cross between an ‘l’ and an ‘r’, as in Farang? The only consolation is that their language is just like everything else in Thailand: charmingly exotic and utterly unique to the constantly amazing Land of Smiles.
Anyhoo, I had the apartment to myself this weekend, and as long as I cleaned, like, all traces of my, like, misconduct away before Boo returned early Monday morning, I could have some serious fun. Just had to be careful that my ‘temporary’ girlfriend, whoever she turned out to be, didn’t leave any stray black hairs in the sink. They tend to be easily distinguished from my own shoulder-length blonde dreadlocks.
So I decided to head on down to Soi Cowboy, a short street located near the main residential area of Sukhumvit in the middle of Bangkok that is, like, devoted entirely to go-go bars. You could say that this was, like, one of the satellite campuses of the ‘Thai National University of Sensual Scholarship’. Other campuses thrived at Soi Nana, Patpong and, of course, Pattaya. Soi Cowboy, between Sukhumvit Soi 21 and 23, was named after retired American LT ‘Cowboy’ Edwards, who had the unenviable honor of being the only black Indian from Wyoming living in Thailand at the time and who opened a bar there in the late 70s. Nowadays there are dark-skinned Nigerians and Indians galore, dressed in lurid lime green or bright red zoot suits, but to me it was a great spot to score some cheap Ya ba, and I knew a Canadian dude with good contacts who hung out there. And I had 20,000 baht Boo didn’t even know about burning a hole in the pocket of my baggy hip hop jeans. When I go out I dress American gangster rap, when I’m at home with Boo it’s usually a sarong or drawstring cotton pants and a bare chest, but when I teach I wear collar, tie; the whole, like, conservative ‘uniform’. I had been teaching from three to five private English classes a day to snotty little rich Thai kids whose parents Boo had put me in touch with. Totally, like, illegal, of course, as I had no work permit. But, hey, I never was one to shy away from, like, a hastily calculated risk!
I walked from our apartment down the stairs reeking with piss and other human excrement, and past piles of rotting garbage in the foyer being investigated by equally distasteful, mange-ridden Thai dogs. I edged by them, like, apprehensively, cause if I got bitten the anti-rabies injections would cost a small fortune. At the incongruously impressive revolving doors the security guard saluted me. The security guard liked me. I liked the security guard. We had never spoken. I wondered if that had something to do with it.
Outside, there was a traffic jam spouting, like, poisonous toxins into the air- a common, if not constant, sight in Bangkok. But the drivers of the cars were not angry; their noisy car horns were angry. The thick barbed wire air and damp, cloying heat was angry. But the people smiled on. They were Thai. Why should they get angry?
They were, like, Thai and always would be.
I, however, am Farang and always would be.
A legless man, covered with grime and wedged under a concrete stairwell next to the footpath, strained towards me with a tin cup in his filthy hand. From a distance he looked like an animal. Closer up, he looked like a man.
As I smiled and dropped a few coins in his can he looked like a brother. Yeah, Thailand makes you do, like, weird stuff; I would never give money to a panhandler back home in the States. I soon caught a motorcycle taxi which, as it zipped me past the stranded motorists, elicited momentary looks of jealousy from their smiling occupants. They may have mobiles in their Mercedes but I was, like, the more mobile. The motorcyclist drove me along the footpath to the other side of the traffic jam to the stairs up to the BTS Skytrain, where I bought a ticket for my seedy destination.
Arriving at my desired stop on Soi Sukhumvit, I stumbled into the seething mass of depraved humanity that inhabited this infamous part of Bangkok. There were muggers in front of me, beggars behind and freelance sex workers closing in on all sides. Jostled and shoved, I got confused and exited on the wrong side of the BTS station.
I looked up and down the crowded street despite, like, knowing from previous visits that it was at least 250 yards in either direction to the nearest intersection and safe crossing point. Suddenly, a gap appeared in the traffic and I darted across the momentarily clear lanes. My smile at this accomplishment quickly disappeared when two Thai boys in brown blocked my progress. The cops had seen the Farang jaywalking and, like hounds after the scent of a rabbit, immediately caught the whiff of easy baht. I didn’t panic, though; I knew the drill. Pretend you are retarded and cannot understand them.
“Sawatdee ka!” I said, beaming like a child as I deliberately made the most fundamental of Thai language errors; males say ‘khrap’ at the end of a sentence, females (and Katoey) say ‘ka’.
“How are you on this fine summer’s evening here in Bangkok, constables? I must say you both look strikingly handsome in your Village People gay policemen outfits. But, like, where’s the American Indian, the construction worker and ... now who was the other guy?” I rattled this off at a very fast pace, desperately hoping they would realize they were going to have a lot of trouble communicating with me and that they would have more success with some other ‘criminal’ activities.
“Village People!”
The cops looked at each other and laughed loudly. My confidence immediately plummeted as I realized they could speak English. Damn the successes of my profession!
“Not gay. Maybe you gay? Not like gay. Farang jay-walk illegal in Thailand. You go to jail now.”
“Korthort, khrap!” I apologized and handed them my American passport with the two pinkish-red 500 baht notes inside. The shorter of the two grabbed the document and, cocking his head to the side like a parakeet, pretended to compare my face with the photo in the passport-which he was holding upside down. As he did he, like, deftly removed the baht and slipped one note to his partner. No one in the bustling crowd passing by us would have noticed the transaction that had just occurred, nor would they have been surprised by it if it had caught their eye.
Everybody in Bangkok sooner or later ends up bribing a cop. And so … they waved me on.
Relieved at, like, avoiding imprisonment, but 1,000 baht poorer, I turned the corner into Soi Cowboy. As I walked into my favorite bar, Goldmember, the air conditioning hit me like a gentle cool spray of cologne; a bit like the Katoey shop assistants in their upmarket department stores whom insist on spraying you with the latest overpriced ‘name’ fragrance whilst smiling a ‘You come wis me, handsum man’ smile. One had to admit, they were enticing ... But Goldmember was more enticing. At this time of day the scrubbed-clean environs of the yet-to-be debauched nightclub reminded me more of the chilled and sterilized compartments of the monorail Sky Train I had caught here. The BTS Sky Train was the modern answer to Bangkok’s congested traffic lanes but without Goldmember’s subdued lighting and the faint aromas of beer on tap and sweet, sweet Thai pussy.
The topless girls in G-strings on the stage in the middle of the bar were gyrating listlessly around their chromed poles. They liked the poles; to lean upon when tired, to help them keep their balance on their unaccustomedly high six-inch clogs or, when they had located a potential client, to act as a substitute phallus with which they simulated athletic sexual intercourse. But none of the dancers were wasting their energy for the so far thin and sparse audience Goldmember had attracted. The place was almost empty, being still quite early, and the near-naked girls waved at me as if they knew me intimately; which, of course, some of them did. As the day turned into night the bar would fill with foreigners of every shape and persuasion: the good, the bad and the facially challenged.
But for now the girls shifted their weight from one leg to the other; sometimes in beat to the loud Western music, sometimes, well ... not.
One of the girls dancing, an elegantly tall bleached-blonde lovely with dark brown nipples perched atop, like, relatively large breasts (most Thai girls have little more than a handful) turned her back on me, bent down with legs akimbo and hitched her thong up tight against her labia while she grinned back at me most saucily. Mmm, not bad, l thought. But too good to be true; probably a Katoey. lf it was really a girl she was a class above the rest of the short, dumpy, plain-ish girls here and should be working independently for up to 20,000 baht a night.
She’d have a pimp for a minder, known in Thai slang as a waterbug, or “Mangda”, and would have a very sizeable bank balance; unless she actually still had a dick. And, like, this Katoey was so camp he even danced with a lisp.
I walked past the elevated stage as swirling disco balls threw colored spots of light across my forehead and white shirt, then past the fountain cascading over plastic rocks and ferns to my usual spot, where I ordered a beer and a hamburger from the passing Nong. Oh, “Nong” is Thai for ‘little sister’ and that’s how you should always address the waitress, no matter how old and haggard she might be. A few seconds later a very young girl, in what were probably her first pair of stilettos, a fluorescent green bikini bottom and nothing else, tottered towards me. She stretched out her hand to shake mine - a concession to the Farang culture that never failed to amuse me. I mean, here is this mostly naked 16-year old girl proffering her hand as if introducing herself to a business man at a board meeting. She sat down next to me and rested her hand on my thigh, fluttered her fake eyelashes and smiled at me. In a squeaky voice at least three octaves higher than mine, she asked, “Where you come?”
“Where I come? Right here where I’m sitting if you don’t, like, put some more clothes on.”
I pictured myself as a spurting one-man Exxon Valdez yoghurt tanker disaster and smiled. Meanwhile, her flawless brow furrowed into a questioning frown.
“What you mean?”
“Mai pen lai. Never mind.”
“You drunk, Mist-ah?”
“No, but I have a live chicken in my underwear.”
“What you mean?”
“Mai pen lai. Doesn’t matter.”
“Do you work in our country, Mist-ah?”
“I take drugs in your country.”
“What you mean?”
“Drugs, you know? Speed, smack, ganja, cocaine, blah, blah, blah ... “
“Blah? Why you say ‘blah’? You want fish?”
“Not Plar; blah. It means ... oh, mai fucking pen lai. I work as an English teach - Korthort khrap. Phom sorn Angkrit. Phom tham ngarn Ajarn Angkrit.”
“Wee! Phat phasaa Thai dee mark!” she squealed, and immediately began rattling off in Thai at a hundred miles an hour.
“Whoah, dude! Phom phut phasaa Thai dai nitnoi!”
I explained to her my Thai skills were, like, minimal, i.e. Phut phasaa Thai dai nitnoi, and she cadged the purchase of a ‘lady drink’ of cola from me. Just before she left to join the next shift of dancers on the stage, she asked:
“You give me tip?”
“Sure, baby. Buy low, sell high.”
As she left, scowling and sans gratuity, two girls from the previous shift climbed down and, with the mien of a sniper aligning crosshairs on a target, strode purpose-fully towards me. They both sat either side of me and started stroking my groin. Ah, man; I love Thailand. I really love Thailand.
I asked them if they spoke any English. They said they did and demonstrated the one and only English phrase they knew impeccably:
“That man over there will pay.”
Eventually my burger arrived and I shooed the girls away as I tucked into my first solid meal of the day. The burger wasn’t too bad - by Thai standards at least. The sesame seed bun, which I often have to send back as it usually seems to have only been passed, like, fleetingly over a cigarette lighter, was actually toasted properly this time. There was fresh lettuce, tomato and sliced onion over a grilled ground beef patty. I opened the sachet of ketchup and doused the meat in rich tomato puree.
Surprisingly good for a Thai-made burger. Delicious, in fact! Satisfied, I wiped my hands on the tiny thin pink tissues provided and looked around for my Ontario connection, but there was still no sign of him. Taking my raised head as an invitation to join me, a tallish dark girl- almost as tall as the Katoey dancing when I arrived - came over to me. I slung my arm across her shoulder and casually tweaked her nipple.
“You like?” she queried.
“Hmm, I like. But ... I really like Ya ba. You understand? Khun kow jai, mai khrap?”
“Kow jai.” She smiled knowingly. “You wait!”
She hurried off to the change room and returned a few minutes later in tight streaked blue jeans and a DKNY tee-shirt. I paid her ‘bar fine’ - a princely sum of 300 baht which gave me the right to leave the bar with her (in order to negotiate further services with her in person) and also compensates the bar for the ‘lady drinks’ the girl would not be able to exhort from the punters still in the bar - and we headed off down the stairs and into the now crowded, nearly night-time street below and entered the parallel sex universe that is Soi Cowboy. “Cream me up, Scotty!”, I said to the lady of the night holding my hand.
She laughed along with me without understanding the joke at all. We pushed our way through the sea of cat-calling flesh-traders, pounding music and, like, stupidly incessant fluorescent lights. Wending our route through the hawkers selling pornographic DVDs, fake designer watches and carved wooden elephants, we began our hazardous journey to a short-time hotel. We hurried along the neon chaos and glitz of Soi Cowboy and into the back Sois of Bangkok - carefully. You know you’ve been in Thailand a long, long time when you look both ways three times before crossing a one-way street.
The hotel, the name of which I cannot reveal because I am quite attracted to life and the continuance of such, was one of a chain belonging to a well-known Thai gangster. It was quite plain and, like, nondescript from the outside. The place was obviously well-known to the girl and she to the manager. I paid him 250 baht (it would have only been about double that for the whole night and into the next morning - if indeed they offered that kind of accommodation at all) and was unselfconsciously handed a numbered key and a condom.
Locking the door behind us, we entered a small, plushly carpeted room with wall-to-wall mirrors and a circular bed. The girl, whose name I had learnt was Supaporn, smiled demurely at me, as if she were the sweetest, most innocent virginal debutante in town, and immediately started mixing some speed with a capful of bottled water in a spoon which she proceeded to ‘cook’ with a disposable lighter. She opened two sterile disposable one ml hypodermic syringes, vacuumed up the mixture through a piece of clean cigarette filter, recapped them both and handed one to me. Clever girl; no need to risk AIDS or Hepatitis B or C by sharing needles. But it’d been a while since I’d mainlined amphetamines and I hoped this shit wasn’t, like, too strong.
She handed me a rubber tube and I silently wound it around my left biceps. I was just about to ease the needle into a prominent vein in the crook of my elbow when she stopped me.
“What’s the matter? Ben arai, khrap?”
Grinning, the girl handed me a sachet of alcohol to sterilize the injection site. As I wiped the damp tissue over my skin I realized how advisable this was. My skin was coated with a layer of Bangkok dust and grime, and the square of white tissue came away a queasy looking brown.
I gritted my teeth, inserted the needle and drew back a little blood into the chamber to ensure I had found the vein before sending the plunger home and releasing the tourniquet. I withdrew the syringe and capped it a few seconds before the speed came surging and crashing down on my brain. Instantly, I was alive and kicking! I pressed the alcoholic swab hard onto the injection site from which a tiny trickle of blood had appeared. As I did, my jaw began to grind, the hair on the back of my neck stood to attention and I kept repeating out loud, “Man, I love Thailand. I really love Thailand.”
I was surprised to see the girl squirt the speed solution down her throat before noticing that her arms were un-scarred by track marks. She saw me looking at her bare arms and smiled.
“You like?”
With that, she promptly pulled her tee-shirt over her head, unhooked her bra, released my cock from my pants and confidently began giving me head.
Man, she was good. And being so high meant I didn’t come straight away. In fact, if she hadn’t been so good I might not have felt that wonderful tightening in my balls at all. As I, like, exploded in her mouth she held a small bottle of amyl nitrate to my nose, and I inhaled a big draught.
Only it wasn’t amyl nitrate.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 16.
Harry.

To me, he was just another ego in a hairpiece; but he was still a native speaker of English so I was determined to at least try to befriend him. When an appropriate moment presented itself between classes, I asked the new guy if he liked fishing, as I was planning a trip up north. I told him the fishing in Thailand would blow his mind. He didn’t look particularly impressed so I told him about the giant catfish of the Mekhong River, which can easily reach a bodyweight of 300 kilograms and a length of three meters, and can live for 15 years or more. If, that is, it’s not caught in the 250 meter long nylon nets of the competing Laotian and Thai fishermen between April and May, in the northernmost province of Chiang Rai, when the catfish swim upstream to spawn. Hook one of those behemoths of the deep and you’ll soon know about sport fishing. Shit, 300 kilograms was about four times as heavy as Ajarn Bayard, I estimated.
I went on to explain that there was a ritual conducted by the village fishermen to catch the freshwater monsters, of which only thirty or so will eventually be landed each year. Sacrificing a chicken and home-brewed rice whisky to the guardian spirits of their boats and burning special herbs to drive away evil spirits from the nets, a draw is conducted to determine the order of fishing. A Thai boat will be followed by a Laotian boat and so on until all the fishermen have pushed off. The villagers await expectantly, as the fish will fetch high prices from restaurants all over the country. Known in Thai as Plar buk, its flesh is highly prized and reputed to be excellent nourishment for the brain. It is also reputed to lend the diner long life. Asians have such ridiculously high medicinal expectations of their food.
Here in Chachoengsao about the only fish you’ll find (without a Thai guide) are the tiny brown mudskippers in the river mangroves. They actually don’t like to swim, preferring to absorb oxygen through their moist skin, and they forage, fight and flirt on the soggy ground of the mangrove forest exposed by the low tide. During high tide they hide in their burrows or sit, camouflaged and motionless, on the roots of the mangroves. They’re interesting animals but hardly a dining delicacy, let alone a sporting trophy worth mounting on the wall. But as the tourist brochures would say, they contribute to the rich tapestry that exemplifies the Thailand experience.
Ajarn Bayard looked at his flashy silver Royalex watch - which he had probably bought at the markets without realizing it was a fake and that it would stop working in two weeks - and hurried off to his first class. I tried to tell him that no one expected him to be on time - this is Thailand after all- but he didn’t take any notice. Thais regard the whole business of time with cavalier disdain. Yet in their own maddeningly frustrating way, they divide the day into five unequal sections: 6 am to noon is Mong chuo, noon to 3 is Bai mong, 3 pm to 6 pm is Mong yen, 6 pm to midnight is Thum, and midnight to 6 am is Thi. But he rushed off before I could enlighten him.
So, he wasn’t interested in my vast wealth of local knowledge; but he’ll come around. Yes, mate, there’s a lot to be learned from good old Harry Bourke. For the time being, he’ll be more interested in knowing about the fast bus to Pattaya.
Ah, Pattaya: the sleaziest resort city in Thailand, where the whores are half the price of Bangkok whores and where I separate women into three classes: she who must be obeyed (the wife - who never, ever accompanies me to Pattaya), she who must be laid (the mistress - who lives about half way to Pattaya) and she who must be paid (the short-time hooker - who lives in a different Farang’s hotel room in Pattaya every night).
Ah, Pattaya; where you walk down the main street, officially named “Walking Street” and all the Farang man will hear is a chorus of some five phrases:
1. Hellooo, wel-cum!
2. Cum in pleasss!
3. Ooh, han-sum man!
4. I love you long time!
5. Pai nai? Pai nai? or if they know the English equivalent, ‘Where you go? Where you go?’
Oh, and when they say they’re Sip baet - that’s 18 - they’re probably only about Sip ha, or 15, which is one helluva difference when it comes to the law. Gotta watch that one if you don’t wanna be branded a child molester!
Funny thing about these Thai whores, though, is that even when they’ve been dancing naked on a stage in front of you and fifty other Farang, they still act coy when you get them home or into the short-time hotel. They want all the lights out and will even try to take their clothes off under a towel, denying you a decent perve at their considerable assets. But every now and then you can find one who’s more of an exhibitionist; one who will agree to keep on her ‘come fark me’ knee-high boots or won’t mind doing a little dance in front of the bed to remind you of the pole-dancing she-devil you actually selected and paid the bar fine for. Yep, that’s the kinda story Ajarn Bayard will want to hear, I bet.
“Ah, what the fark!”, I said to nobody, as there was nobody else there to hear me. It was two o’clock and I didn’t have another class until tomorrow, so I sat at my desk and unlocked my drawer- not before placing some student’s half-marked homework in front of me for appearance’s sake. Looking about to double check that I was really alone in the office, I took a long swig from the bottle of Sang som 80 proof rum I had secreted in there.
Damn cheap stuff at 70 baht a flask, but damn powerful too! I also drink beer, but it can be an expensive - and expansive - hobby. At least 30 baht per 650 ml bottle, it is much cheaper to imbibe the local whisky - one’s liver be damned. According to the latest research (well, my latest credit card statement, actually), alcoholic beverages are where a good third of one’s monthly stipend goes if one is not careful. Then, after a lengthy diet of booze, you wake up after several years and look in the mirror wondering who that man is who looks vaguely like you but is wearing Buddha’s stomach. But a large beer belly is something to be proud of - a lot of effort goes into cultivating it. If it were easy, everyone would have one. I consoled myself further with the possibly spurious knowledge that Sangsom has fewer calories than Beer Chang. And fractionally less formaldehyde. Anyway, this whisky diet seems to be working. I’ve only been on it three weeks and I’ve already lost four days.
As usual, the liquor was so fine it went down as if it were singing hymns. I felt the firewater surreptitiously creep into my worried veins. My constant vexation about my eldest daughter’s battle with hard drug addiction
I took a brief holiday as the whisky burned a slow, comfortable hole in my discontent, eventually turning it into the peaceful joy of solitude. I put my head on the pillow I kept there especially for the purpose and fell arse over tit into sweet, sweet slumber. Undisturbed, I dozed off until 4.30 pm when the little missus duly arrived in our battered ute to pick me up.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 17.
General Aung.

The sun’s rays began to filter slowly through the morning mist shrouding the mountains of the so-called Golden Triangle where the borders of Burma, Thailand and Laos meet. The mist rolled peacefully onto the flat plains nestled in the various valleys in which the hill tribe womenfolk had been laboring since dawn. They all wore identical conical straw hats and seemed oblivious to our passage. The forest was the typical crush of green vegetation of Upper Burma; vines thick enough to hold a man’s weight grew up to - or was it down from - the overhead branches of giant walnuts, Thitkya, or spreading Thitcho trees. Huge Pyinkado, or Burmese ironwood trees, cast dark, ominous shadows, while the undergrowth was a tangle of a thousand different species of ferns, brambles and grasses. But the clearings, where the good, honest Shan people of Burma toiled, produced the scenery that deeply and patriotically stirred my heart.
Without thinking, a line from Shakespeare’s Henry VIII, act 1, scene 4, sprang from my lips:
“O, beauty, till now I never knew thee!”
It was truly a beautiful vision and I could feel a poem of my own coming on, so I ordered the driver of the four-wheel drive truck to stop as I searched for a pen. I find peace and tranquility in my hobby of learning English, particularly through my efforts to write poetry. It is a never-ending quest and its difficulty demands inner discipline and perseverance; useful character traits for a military man. Wearing a thin protective Kevlar vest, a Hechler and Koch MP-5 sub-machine gun slung at waist height, and a gleaming Baretta pistol in my shoulder holster, I also carried in my satchel several boxes of ammunition loaded into extra clips and a slim volume of Corolianus I was slowly working my way through. I disembarked from the vehicle to find a place more conducive to my poetic meanderings before the morning sun turned the air heavy with tropical humidity.
The driver had stopped the truck in a jungle clearing dominated by a crumbling Paya - a Buddhist shrine - and I found a seat on the bottom tier of the ancient but forgotten monument. The greenery and vines of the jungle licked at it from all directions. There was a slight breeze that only wavered the ends of my waxed moustache. The other trucks following ground to a halt behind us. They knew better than to question my actions. I wiped mosquito repellant quickly onto my bare forearms and neck - this was a malarial zone after all - and began to write:
‘The morning mist hung heavy,
As the women hoed the fields.
Their backs were doubled over,
As they dreamt of the poppy’s yields.
***
They all were noble Shan women,
Who no longer harvested maize.
The poppy was their cash crop now,
From which came the heroin haze.
***
Addicts the whole world over,
Injected or smoked through a bong,
The product of the hill tribes of Burma,
Overseen by the good General Aung.’
Hmm, not bad ... so far. I snapped my fingers and my Supply Sergeant came running with cigarettes and lighter. As I smoked I struggled with the next stanza.
‘The capitalist pigs in America,
Look down on our communist plot.
They say we are treacherous murderers,
But l say we are ... ‘
I was stumped. Totally flummoxed. I couldn’t think of a word to rhyme with plot that would satisfactorily indicate the purity and heroism of the Shan army’s communist ideal. My soldiers were no help. Their English skills were non-existent. Their Burmese wasn’t much better. Worthless sycophants the lot of them, but nevertheless loyal to the Shan State Army. Then it occurred to me.
“Open the back of the truck!” I shouted.
My corporal immediately complied. I then unchained one of the bound and blindfolded occupants from his companions before dragging him out of the truck. He was a scrawny, pale, tattooed American youth with a goatee and dirty, blonde dreadlocked hair. We would soon provide him with a hairstyle more appropriate to his role. He was barely conscious so I up-ended a water canteen over his head, but his brain seemed as frayed as his dirty blue jeans. I needed a word. Not with him but from him.
“What English word rhymes with ‘plot’ and would suitably encapsulate the heroic and noble struggle of the Shan State Army of Burma?”
The young native English speaker slowly shook off the water from his greasy blonde locks and tried to focus his semi-anaesthetized eyes upon me.
“What the fuck ...?” was his less than eloquent response.
I quickly drew my Baretta model 92F 9 mm semi-automatic pistol from my shoulder holster, pressed the muzzle against his neck, consulted my pocket thesaurus briefly and repeated the question.
“English teacher, what locution rhymes with ‘plot’ and would suitably encapsulate the stalwart and meritorious struggle of the Shan State Army of Burma?”
He still didn’t understand so I read aloud what I had so far written, finishing with the unfinished last lines:
“The capitalist pigs in America
Look down on our communist plot.
They say we are treacherous murderers
But I say we are ... “
The boy looked at me dully until comprehension finally dawned upon his addled brain. He managed a wry grin.
“Dude, the word you’re looking for is ... snot.”
From within the truck came muffled titters and, realizing he had insulted me, I struck him hard across the face. He fell to the ground and the corporal bundled him back into the vehicle. The boy correctly sensed that, regardless of my momentary truculence, I wouldn’t shoot him. Despite being in the truck for two hours after a long, narcoticized airplane trip from way down south in Thailand - Chonburi or Chachoengsao, I think- this fellow was surprisingly lucid. I might have to pay special attention to him. But carefully - mustn’t leave any visible bruises. Native speakers of English language teachers are the new currency of trade for Burma. Any South-East Asian country that fails to teach its up-and-coming bureaucrats and military officers the rudimentary skills of English is doing its future economy a grave disservice. In a country where if you step on a landmine you have a government debt to pay for its replacement, very few Burmese ever have the opportunity to study at Harvard like I did, and the socialist empire of Burma must forge supportive links with socialists in other parts of the world if she is not to be isolated and ignored. The Americans talk about ‘roadmaps to democracy’ but we all know this is Asia’s longest running civil war and the only way they can really help is to keep buying our drugs. And by letting their addicts into Thailand where we can ‘recruit’ them.
Of course, we have Burmese teachers of English - but they are textbook taught and generally have poor pronunciation. Plus, the students like English teachers who actually look English; hence the demand for blue-eyed blondes. We never ‘recruit’ African-Americans, only Caucasians. Soon, these native English speaking boys and girls would play their historic part in the glorious revival of the state of Burma. And they will enjoy it, too.
Yes, they will get all the heroin, marijuana and amphetamines they desire, or need, to satisfy their raging addictions, plus many other benefits besides.
You see, his or her other carnal needs will also be satisfied. Life is still cheap here in the Golden Triangle, and a Burmese Karen hill tribe girl of 13 tender years can be bought for as little as 10,000 kyat. The boys are cheaper still. Even the traditional Burmese way for a man to marry a young woman who spurns his advances, by kidnapping her and holding her captive until she finally gives in, will be available if they prefer to do it the ‘proper’ way, culturally speaking. No, I couldn’t kill him; no matter how insulting he had been. The future of Burma might depend on him and the other blue-eyed blonde English teachers in this valuable convoy. I struggled to regain my composure. This American boy had insulted me. Normally a man would die for that. I reminded myself of the overall importance of the Shan State Army’s goals and settled down to finish the poem.
‘The capitalist pigs in America,
Look down on our communist plot.
They say we are treacherous murderers,
But I say we are red hot!’
Or maybe ... ‘But I say that is rot!’ Or perhaps ... ‘But I say we are not.’
Eventually, I settled for:
‘The capitalist pigs in America,
Look down on our communist plot.
They say we are treacherous murderers,
But I say, ‘Dubbya’ Bush is a clot!’
Climbing back into the passenger seat of the truck, I ordered the convoy to continue. Only about an hour and a half to go, I reminded myself. I would finish the poem later that night at the compound. With the help of a little home-made rice whisky.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 18.
Sip Eak Taowetsuwan.

The investigation into missing English teachers has been put on hold. I not know why. I not told why. I not expect be told why. Too many motorcycle accidents maybe, so today police crackdown on people without helmets. 200 baht in the pocket or we are write the ticket. Much better than promotion for me when I can stop fifty, maybe sixty motorcyclists in one day.
But I think the investigation stop because someone high up wanting it to stop. Mai pen lai.
Still, not hurt to maintain surveillance of Ajarn Bayard and his movements. Also I will to keep a plain-clothing officer watching on that sexy Katoey very much ... I sure she not just freelancer hooker. She suspicious very much.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 19.
Keowah.

Of course, I’d bumped into Ajarn Bayard several times during the course of his first few weeks. The English teacher’s office was a huge open plan space with partitioned cubicles for each teacher, air conditioning and computers with internet access. The Farang teachers probably spent more time there than anyone else. However, the Farang wanted the offices too cold for our liking. Most Thais only needed the chilled air during the hottest months of April to June, but this time of the year was the cool season. The rains were just finishing and classrooms were often eerily free from the usual whir of the ceiling fans. Farang would marvel at the students rubbing their hands together and wearing thick layers of clothing as they themselves still sweated through our average 25° Celsius winter days. That is why, I suppose, some say Thailand has only three seasons: hot, hotter and hottest.
Ajarn Bayard was in for a difficult time come the summer, but fortunately the Rajabhat academic year is structured so that the longest vacation was over these three months.
Although teachers were still paid the full rate, they only needed to sign in every morning and then be on their way unless they agreed to teach short courses or English camps. Many did, of course, because the overtime pay was impressive; at least 500 baht per hour.
I’d told Ajarn Bayard this in passing while sharing a few meals in the Rajabhat cafeteria. We usually sat in the adjacent air-conditioned teacher’s dining room, not only because of the thermostatically-controlled climate but because Ajarn Bayard was terrified of the stray dogs that prowled between and under the students’ tables for discarded food scraps.
He would constantly compliment the cooking there, which I had to admit was fairly good, especially for the price-10 to 15 baht per plate. This was due to the competition between the six different kitchens operating counters in the huge dining hall. In fact, the dining hall was like a mini marketplace. Along one side were stalls selling music CDs and popular Hollywood Video DVDs - none in English, all dubbed into Thai - or stationery such as exercise books with discouraging names like ‘Stupid’. There were several instant photo booths where light bulbs flashed as young couples or best friends recorded their images for posterity. Probably the briskest business of all was done by the stall selling deep-fried crickets, mealworms, scorpions and other insects to homesick Isaan students.
So Ajarn Bayard and I spent quite a few lunchtimes together. He would ask me the Thai names for various dishes and I would ask him about his favorite English foods and how he was coping with his new environment.
He was settling in quite well and was not missing English food at all, he told me. The only Thai dish he didn’t like was that which many Thais would automatically order for him: Khao pad American. This is a dish popularized during the Vietnam war when American soldiers stationed in Thailand, dissatisfied with the protein content of the Khao pad, or fried rice, requested the addition of meat with which the Gls were already familiar. Nowadays, the dish is always served with the scoop of plain fried rice (sometimes with the inexplicable addition of raisins) in the middle, topped with a fried egg and surrounded by deep-fried cocktail frankfurters, slices of processed ham and a chicken drumstick. A small bowl of sweet tomato ketchup is the only condiment. Most un-Thai and most unappealing to Ajarn Bayard’s gourmand tastes.
Although I could sense he was interested in me, it was still a surprise when Ajarn Bayard asked for my telephone number - in case he urgently needed a translation, of course. He had already bought a tiny, very fashionable Noklia mobile telephone, and he showed me his new business cards with which he hoped to garner some additional income through teaching English on the side.
The cards featured a smiling photograph and the details of his university degree. I warned him to be discreet, as the dean of the faculty would not look favorably on his extracurricular activity as it was clearly a breach of his contract. The Rajabhat saw such moonlighting as poaching students from their lucrative weekend, evening and long vacation courses. English teaching was big business in Thailand, as in most parts of South-East Asia, and it was imperative that the Rajabhat hold the monopoly on native English speaking teachers in Chachoengsao. Despite their high salaries and relatively easy workloads, it never failed to surprise me how much Farang underestimated their worth in Thailand.
Indeed, private English schools are virtually a license to print baht, and several of the other Thai English teachers had already intimated that my devious goal was to marry Ajarn Bayard and start our own school. They seemed to be able to read my mind when it came to men - Damn my easily blushed face! And apparently Ajarn Bayard had been asking the other Thai teachers quite a few personal, and ... probing ... questions about me.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 20.
Bayard.

I selected a seemingly sober motorcycle taxi driver (whom I had taken to calling ‘motorpsychos’ with respect to their devil-may-care attitude to life and limb) from the waiting queue outside the Rajabhat. Ignoring the chronic singsong refrain of ‘Where you go? Where you go?’ from the other drunken misfits, I thrust upon my chosen driver the slip of paper inscribed in Thai with the address of my apartment Senior Sergeant Taowetsuwan had given me. I gingerly climbed aboard behind him. He struggled with the kick start a few times and the engine eventually sputtered to life. Actually, the address I had given him was more a list of directions rather than a street name and number. Thais prefer to find a place through the process of step-by-step instructions rather than a knowledge of the layout of the city’s street names. There was no map of Chachoengsao readily available as, apparently, there was no demand.
My useless bodyguard tailed us at a discreet distance on his own scooter as my motorpsycho weaved recklessly through the traffic. Thai motorcyclists are like the American cowboys of the old west who yearn for the open plains of the prairies in which to career about wildly without fear of oncoming traffic, let alone hairy bison or tomahawk-wielding red Indians. Few make concessions for the fact they are driving on a city street where any civilized driver would and should make concessions to other drivers they shared the road with.
Revving madly, we passed over the huge concrete bridge under which flowed the sleepy Bang pakong river. The water was a murky brown and dotted with rafts of vegetation floating slowly downstream. By the shores, large patches of apple-green water hyacinth bobbed gently on the wavelets caused by the occasional long-tailed fishing boat, or Lua hang yao, as they chugged noisily past.
Eventually, the motorpsycho turned off the main road and into a lesser Soi. The motorpsycho soared and swerved and plummeted madly down winding curves in the hillside road, and I was glad my medical premiums were fully paid up; I nevertheless wished I had some NHL goalie shin-pads to cover my kneecaps, but unfortunately ice hockey gear is hard to come by in Thailand.
We flew at breakneck speed past a wide green field of young rice bordered by papaya trees and areca palms, and finally to the back suburb of Chachoengsao where my townhouse was located. The Thai boy in control of the bike looked all of 12 years old when he took off his helmet. He grinned broadly as I handed him, with a grateful sigh of relief as I released my white-knuckled grip from the seat-strap, a 20 baht note and a 5 baht coin as an over-generous baksheesh to guarantee good service in the future. He had at least made good time in getting me home.
As I walked through the front gate a wizened brown old man, with sparse white whiskers and bulging veins as big as fingers clenched into the meat of his swollen calves, labored past on an ancient pedicab. A huge Thai woman and dozens of white plastic bags full of vegetables from the local market crammed the tiny cabin behind him. The lightweight roof was patched with faded Pepsi cola stickers, and shiny CDs dangled from the rear axle.
Despite the heat and his physical exertion, the cyclist of the over-laden, yet environmentally friendly, vehicle had not even broken into a sweat. This apparent inability to sweat was typical of many Thais - a characteristic that perspiration drenched Farang such as I envied immensely.
I wrestled the chunky key into the slot and turned the tumblers of the ancient padlock. Making a deliberate effort to ‘go native’, I eased off my shoes and left them on the ground outside. On second thought, I brought my waxed and waterproofed leather boat shoes inside where they would not only be less vulnerable to theft but less likely to be colonized by the local insect life. After turning on the air conditioning, which clanked and screeched like the engine room of the Titanic, I changed out of my pure woolen pants, collar and silk faculty tie into loose-fitting jeans and a cotton safari shirt.
I pointed the remote control at the wide-screen television and searched for an English station. Ridiculous Thai sitcoms with bad acting, screeching, clawing and sulking - yet nonetheless beautiful - Thai or Look khrung girls and their editor’s constantly irritating and amateur overuse of sound effects and foley studio noises that made Australia’s Neighboors look intellectual. Another channel showed local footage of smiling cadres of self-important politicians clapping back at their clapping sycophants in the audience. The next free-to-air channel had Dizney cartoons dubbed into high-pitched Thai. Then, finally, the English channels! Let us see: ‘MmmMusicTV’; no thanks. ‘Deutschen Welten’; not likely. Ah, the news in English. Thank God for satellite TV!
I hobbled over to my gleaming new San-yoh refrigerator and took out a bottle of Beer Sing. It was a slightly better distillation than the swill with the two white elephants on the label but was still nowhere as expensive as the foreign brands such as Heineskin, despite the Dutch brewing giant having a plant in Bangkok churning out millions of bottles of their ale. I flicked off the cap, poured a mug and quaffed it down. Instantly, gas built up in my stomach until I could withhold it no longer. I let loose a reverberating belch. The sound echoed around the cavernous interior of my apartment. Content, I sat down on the hard-buffed surface of the teak settee to watch the rest of the Beeb news bulletin, but it had now reached the sports section.
More repulsive football riots. Mancs and scousers. Ho hum. I clicked the TV off in disinterest and thought about my first six weeks of teaching English in a Thai university. I recalled the events with a sense of accomplishment as I stretched my arms in a languid yawn. Hmm, my back was a little stiff; perhaps I could find some place where traditional Thai massage was on the menu? Pulling on a pair of black leather Italian dress sandals, I locked my habitation and ventured outside.
Perchance the ever-present bodyguard could at last prove useful - after all, he was bound to know the local scene - I asked him, employing all my tact and subtlety:
“Where massage?”
Not surprisingly, his face registered an unhelpful blank. I gestured with my hands the probing motions of a masseuse kneading a pair of tired Trapezius muscles on the back of the neck and his face lit up as he began chattering away in Thai. I pointed to the ragtag bunch of motorcycle taxi drivers loitering outside the gate in their jockey-like numbered silk vests but he shook his head furiously and pointed instead across the road to where a four-storey terrace house stood bedecked in strings of Christmas tree lights.
The windows were blackened but covered with large, bright Thai letters. Chickens scratched hopefully in the dust while pigs loitered in the shadows, chewing on dead leaves and dead Soi dogs. A small group of young girls were lounging outside and I waved at them. They clapped their hands over their mouths and stampeded away, giggling madly. I’m told the same thing happens to Brad Pitt all the time. Perhaps it’s true that God just made Farang to give the Thais something else to smile about.
Then I noticed for the first time the outlined picture of a reclining woman and realized that, yes, oh yes, there was a brothel directly opposite my abode. Or as Bernard Think, Bangkok Post Herald’s veteran ‘Nite Owl’ weekly columnist on the sordid and amusing after hours events in Bangkok described them: ‘a work place for Pay For Play Gals’.
A shriveled old lady - quite obviously and blatantly a betel nut seller who was painting lime onto tobacco leaves, a process which accentuates the drug’s effects - was doing a roaring business outside. The red stains on her customers’ teeth, gums and lips easily identified its addicted users. Lounging on the weather-beaten chairs outside were some of these old-timers; grizzled crones dribbling red betel nut juice from their toothless gums and bare-chested old men swigging homemade Kachae, or sugar palm wine, which is purple and fizzy and kicks like a mule. Snorting troglodytes and rabid, slavering savages the lot of them, I quickly surmised.
I turned my attention to the bordello behind them and thought how delightfully convenient it was. Much better to live near than, say, a pig abattoir. Within seconds I had crossed the quiet Soi and accessed the premises. I assumed my bodyguard would follow me in a matter of minutes. Upon my entry a heavily made-up, middle-aged Thai woman smiled, baring a mouth only half full of gold, and immediately came toward me and Wai-ed before gesturing to an empty table. Other tables were occupied by small groups of middle-aged Thai men and young girls all drinking watered down whisky and smoking heavily.
The air was heavy with mashed, diced, pureed and karaoked Thai love ballads. Utterly mangled. lf I’d had some tomatoes I would have thrown them - but the resourceful Thais would simply see it as an invitation to make a nice salad.
One of the tables had a bored looking lady of the night caterwauling into a microphone connected to a huge TV screen filled with images of topless women sagaciously covering their nipples while the subtitles showed the Thai lyrics at the bottom of the screen with a bouncing ball keeping time. Thai film guardians practice slash and burn censorship and even karaoke videos must be carefully filmed lest a stray nipple offend the censor’s delicate eye. Of course, the unwritten law of all Thai karaoke parties is that only those who lack all vocal stylings whatsoever are permitted to have three or more turns at the microphone; in succession. And the young lady warbling un-melodiously into the microphone was taking full advantage of this unwritten law. I headed for the corner of the building furthest from the speakers.
I turned to the Mamasan hovering at my elbow and ordered a Beer Sing. When she returned with the bottle she filled a glass with ice-cubes from a stainless steel bucket and poured me a glass. Half of it foamed over onto the tabletop. I wondered at how the simple task of pouring a headless beer was beyond nearly all Thai service persons.
After mopping up the wasted ale with a fistful of pink tissues, I gestured to the stairs at the back and queried,
“Massage?”
“Ka, ka!” she affirmed, grabbing my bottle of beer and leading me up the stairs to where a lounge of torn, padded vinyl sofas sat facing a glass-walled room. Within reclined twenty or more Thai girls, each wearing a large white plastic medallion with a red number on it around the neck. They all had the same apathetic expression as they stared vacantly at a small TV backed up against the window. All were wearing tight denim jeans with clunky big platform shoes and either singlets or tee-shirts. Most had pierced noses or tattoos and ugly inoculation scars on their shoulders. None of them had the delicate charm or style of the Rajabhat students I had been teaching, although they were not necessarily any older or uglier.
They were, well, quite simply uncouth-looking. The Mamasan steered me toward a tattered vinyl sofa and demanded of me:
“Which you like? Number Sip hok? Pan song har baht, two hour, plivate loom.”
1500 baht was a lot for a straight massage, I thought to myself. Obviously the woman assumed I wanted sex, but I was beginning to feel less and less carnally inclined as one of the girls on show began a thorough investigation of the interior of her left nostril.
“Pairng mark. Thorae Thai massage, khrap? Traditional Thai massage?”
She shook her head.
“Mai mee, mai mee. No have.”
She pointed to a wall of doors which apparently led to the private rooms. In the dimly lit interior of this Thai den of iniquity, a large brown rat felt confident enough to swagger haughtily from behind a sofa across the room to its nest in the base of a large plastic potted palm tree.
The Madam again denoted the private rooms:
“Plivate loom. VIP loom. TV, air con. Here now.”
‘Here now’ - with those words I suddenly recalled the English teacher Keeohwaa - aah and her shy vulnerability, and I realized I didn’t want a massage after all. Certainly not that kind of massage with the kind of tattooed girls one step removed from the jungle sitting hopefully behind the glass in front of me.
I wondered if this was what growing old was all about. Or perhaps I was becoming more discerning, given the abundance of beautiful women in this country. In England there is also an abundance of women - on their hips, backsides and hanging from beneath their chins and underarms - but here in the LOS obesity was a rare exception, not the norm, and women retained their youthful looks well into their middle-age. Nevertheless, I wondered if they might let me bring a Rajabhat uniform in for one of the hookers to wear ...
Un-fulfilled, I left the brothel, bought some sliced pork with noodles and repaired to my townhouse for the evening. At least, I consoled myself after releasing the tension in my loins manually, the unappealing establishment across the road would not reduce me to a state of penury.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 21.
Harry.

I reluctantly clambered back to consciousness about 11 when the missus’ cat noisily stomped into the bedroom.
Hung over again, I swilled some coffee and somehow made it to the Rajabhat in time for the morning coffee break in the staffroom where, in an attempt to appear living, I asked the newbie Farang English teacher what he thought of his new life in Thailand so far. He said to me, with that typically condescending pommy tone of his, “I rather like the geniality of the Thai populace; they are always smiling.
Sometimes I cannot quite comprehend exactly what it is they’re smiling at, however. Nevertheless, it is an intriguing country, even if their customs are a little quaint.”
“Ah, yes, Thailand - otherwise known as the Land of Smiles/’ I said to him. I was about to launch into my well-researched opinion on this phenomenon but that cute little Thai teacher Keowah turned up and they left for lunch together like two besotted teenagers with stars in their eyes.
Land of Smiles? Mate, they have at least thirteen different smiles and a different name for each one:
1. Yim thak thaai: the very ‘polite’ smile given to someone you barely know.
2. Yim thang nam taa: the ‘l’m so happy I’m almost crying’ smile. This is the smile most Farang automatically assume all Thai smiles really mean.
3. Yim cheun chom: the ‘l really admire you’ smile.
4. Yim fuen: the stiff smile, or the ‘I am laughing at your joke even though I don’t really get it’ smile.
5. Yim yaw: the teasing, or ‘l told you so - sucked in, oh foolish one!’ smile.
6. Yim soo: the ‘l’m pushing shit up a very steep hill’ stoic smile.
7. Yim mee lessanai: the secret little smile which masks your dirty, dirty thoughts.
8. Yim yae-yae: the brave ‘Things look bad but there’s no point in crying over spilt milk’ smile.
9. Yim cheua-cheuan: the less than generous ‘Nah nah na na nah nah! I’m the winner and you came second place’ smile, given to a losing competitor.
10. Yim haeng: the dry smile, also known as the ‘l know I owe you the money but you’re just going to have to keep on waiting’ smile.
11. Yim thak thuan: the ‘I disagree with you’ smile, also known as the ‘Go ahead and propose it but I’m not going for it in a million years’ smile.
12. Yim mai awk: the ‘I’m trying my hardest to be happy but can’t really manage it’ smile.
13. Yim Sao: the sad smile, when there’s nothing left to do but smile at all the fucking misfortunes of life.
Thus, Thais never lack a reason to smile and will always smile if there is any doubt as to the appropriate emotion to display. As Ajarn Bayard pointed out, determining the motive behind the grin is rarely easy for the Farang. Yep, many are the Farang who’s been left infuriated by the Thai habit of smiling all the time-especially when it’s at a time the Farang would otherwise consider quite inappropriate, like when he’s kicking up a stink at the dry-cleaners because they’ve ruined his pants or when he’s shot his load within two seconds of getting his end in  Those moments are when the Thai is not necessarily exhibiting a Yim thang nam taa, but rather a Yim Sao or perhaps a Yim thak thaan.
l dare say that Thai teacher will give the newbie a few lessons in verbal and non-verbal Thai communication. Blind Freddy can see they’ve got the hots for each other.
And it’s probably a good thing, too. She’s getting on a bit, although she still looks great - many Thai women still look sexy in their 40s - and a Farang teacher like him can be quite a catch in these parts. Apparently she’s an orphan, which saves him the stress of parents untiring demand’s for expensive gifts and grandchildren.
The newbie could be saved a lot of heartache by this nice girl as well. Chasing women can be great fun; it’s when you actually catch one that the problems start. If he starts with the bargirls, as many Farang do, and falls into the trap of believing what the floozies tell him then they’ll eventually clean him out completely without feeling the slightest guilt. They’ll tell him they love him and not ask for anything much at first. Then will come the stories about the grandmother needing a life-saving operation or the sick buffalo on the farm back home in her poverty-stricken Isaan farming village, and before he knows it she’s wheedled away all his dough. Or if he’s got a bit of capital she’ll convince him to buy real estate - in her name, of course; Farang are not permitted to own houses or land in Thailand (condominiums are the exception). Then, when the paperwork’s done, out of the shadows will come the girl’s Thai husband, brandishing a machete with a dozen mates, and the Farang won’t have a leg to stand on. Maybe literally if the guy’s handy with that machete. Or perhaps the newbie will get caught up in an affair with one of the irresistible young Rajabhat students, get found out and be unceremoniously deported back to pommyland or wherever he’s escaped to Thailand from. Hua ngu, or snakeheads, are those older guys who chase girls much younger than themselves. They are not always well regarded in Thailand, especially if the young girl is a student of his. Certainly no nice girl would be seen on the arm of a man, Thai or Farang, who was more than twice her age. Only prostitutes are that blasé about appearances in public.
My own darling wife is only a year younger than me (in mental age) and comes from the north-west of Thailand - where I liked to go ‘fishing’. Her family still lived there and that provided the reasonable excuse for my frequent trips to the area. I’d met Gop while on R and R (that’s Rest and Recreation to those not into the military lingo - also known more realistically as ‘I and I’: Intoxication and Intercourse). When we married, I didn’t have to pay a dowry, ‘tea money’ or anything-as most Farang are sucked into doing these days. She wasn’t a bargirl, just a simple farmer’s daughter who didn’t, well, couldn’t ask questions. Of course, she knows a lot more about what I do now, having picked up quite a bit of English in the last 18 years or so, and I suspect she gets the drift of some of the phone calls I get. But she quite sensibly does not ask questions about them. What a catch my Thai wife was   and not a ‘catcher’ like some Thai girls. I still vividly remember the 7 am wedding ceremony on the ninth day of the ninth lunar month (very auspicious, or Siri mongkon, numbers. Indeed, even numbers are considered unlucky and you will never see anyone but stupid Farang wearing two Buddhist amulets around their neck. One, three or even five amulets may be worn, but two is considered very bad luck). There were nine monks seated in a semicircle on cushions and Gop and l seated in the middle wearing crowns of looped white yarn called Mongkol, which were joined together to symbolize our matrimonial unity. At the back of the room sat all our friends and relatives; well, mostly her friends and relatives, actually.
The monks held a white thread which encircled the whole building, symbolizing the sacred cord, or Sai sin, which was meant to protect everybody within it. After a very long blessing by the head monk, and deep, loud chanting from the lesser monks, he sprinkled holy water over us with a branch of Ma yom, a plant a bit like Chinese gooseberry. And that was it-we were married. No paperwork or licenses, just the blessings of the most honored monks whom after the ceremony were fed a wonderful feast as an act of merit-making. Later that evening the lustral water pouring, or Rot nam, took place. This involved the betrothed (me and Gop), again joined together by the Mongkol thread, kneeling on a low dais while the wedding guests filed slowly past and sprinkled holy water over our hands and murmured wishes for prosperity, long life, healthy children and the like. Ornate bowls called Kan were filled with lotus and other flower petals - and stationed to collect the run-off from the Rot nam. The whole wonderfully exotic, poignant and beautiful process of getting married can stretch out for several days in the Thai countryside, without necessarily a single signature in it - on any government document. That’s the main reason many Western countries fail to recognize traditional marriages.
I wondered how stiff, upper-lipped Ajarn Bayard would cope with such a casual affair. Or was he only interested in casual affairs? I liked Ajarn Keowah - she was intelligent, easy to talk to and didn’t spend as much time gossiping as some of the other Thai teachers. Her years spent overseas had made her eloquent and confident. Definitely better for everyone involved if Ajarn Bayard makes a go of it with her rather than some fresh-faced but cold-hearted little girlie just out for as much baht as she could squeeze out of a Farang. Ajarn Keowah’s a bit serious and earnest when it comes to teaching, but she’s overall a ‘nice’ girl. No wucking furries with that one. What? Khun mai kow jai? You don’t understand? It’s an Aussie spoonerism for no farking worries, which basically means, well, Mai pen lai ... or never mind ... or cést la vie. Same difference.
But somehow I don’t think Ajarn Bayard’s gonna last the distance here in Thailand. I mean the guy hasn’t even bothered to join me for a beer yet. He must be one of those loner types.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 22.
Keowah.

It doesn’t take long for word about a Farang’s extracurricular activities to start doing the gossip rounds. Just this morning I heard that Ajarn Bayard had walked out of a brothel without selecting a girl. The Madam would have been quite annoyed seeing so much easy money walk out the door but the girls wouldn’t have minded particularly. They were content to kick back behind the ground-to-ceiling glass window, watch their favorite soap operas on TV and wait for their next dose of methamphetamine from the boss. I shuddered for a second as I recalled my own, thankfully short-lived yet very profitable, experience as a brothel worker before I finally scraped together enough money to finish my studies, travel overseas and eventually re-invent myself.
In those early days my mother was very sick with breast cancer and she needed the money to pay her hospital bills. There’s no Medicare in Thailand and I was my mother’s only child so I was ‘sold’ by my uncles, at the age of 16, to a whorehouse in Phuket. I waved goodbye to my previously tranquil, idyllic existence, mending nets and cleaning fish whilst studying English part-time at a missionary school in a predominantly Muslim sea-side village in Southern Thailand, and instead learnt to wear high heels, make-up and a little black dress. I will never forget that time in Phuket, as much as I’d like to. The Madam, a Chinese Thai lady named Ying Chow Fat who wore far too much make-up, was a strict disciplinarian. Although she never shied from delivering corporal punishment, her most effective weapon against misbehavior by the 30 or so girls in her establishment was the withholding of the twice daily dose of Ya ba. All of the girls were addicts; it kept us alert and slim. No Farang wanted to be with a girl who was bored and list-less so the methamphetamine made us very popular with the clients. At first when I started there I cried a lot and threatened suicide. Twice I actually did cut my wrists but the wounds were only superficial and left no scars. Nor did they get me the sympathy or trip back home that I really wanted.
After two months of servicing local Thai businessmen I graduated to sleeping with Farang. At first I was petrified. The other girls kept complaining about how big their things were. The Farang couldn’t use the standard size Thai condoms. Miss Chow had to have a supply of extra large condoms especially in stock for the well-endowed Farang clients.
My first time with a Farang I was taken from the apartment I shared with three other girls by a big, black Mercedes-Benz. It was the first time I had ever been in a luxury vehicle and I remember marveling at how quietly it drove. I was chauffeured to an up-market hotel in the middle of Phuket where I met a white-haired German businessman. He was fat and had very bad breath. I gritted my teeth and closed my eyes while he did it.
Fortunately he was finished very quickly and it seemed that once was going to be enough for him - these were pre-Viagra days, after all.
After what seemed like an eternity I was able to pay off the debts from my mother’s hospital bills, but by that time I had developed a taste for the easy cash, not to mention the methamphetamines. So I stayed on for an extra year, studying in the daytime and sleeping with fat, stupid, smelly Farang in the evenings. Yes, I grew to hate Farang tourists, but by the end of another year I had graduated from high school and saved quite a lot of money which I invested in real estate while I continued my studies at the Rajabhat in Phuket. After three long years I had completed my B.A. with a major in English education. By this time I had also kicked my speed habit, except for the occasional late night cram sessions before a major exam. I then took up a job teaching Thai language in an Australian university, which lasted two and a half years, during which time I became virtually fluent in English, hence the line of work I am now in.
Eventually, when my mother died of a heart attack at home in Chumphon, I returned to Thailand and set about covering my tracks. Before long all anybody knew about me was my degree, my overseas work experience and my mastery of English. I had not only saved face but, like Michael Jacksonson’s scalpel-wielding plastic surgeon, I had created myself a new face. And, of course, orphans have a lot less explaining about their past to do, anyway.
But I will always be bitter, to some extent, about my uncles’ actions in selling me - if indeed they really were my uncles. I never did find out who they really were.
Nowadays I often think that if I could have ripped it all down - the ‘saving face’, the prostitution, the hypocrisy, the backwards education system that made quality learning so unattainable, the corruption; in fact everything that makes Thailand what it is today - and then crumpled it up like a spelling test I had given a big, fat ‘F’ to, and I would have done so without a moment’s hesitation. How I would have loved to turn Thailand on its ear and make it a worthwhile, progressive country; proud to take its place in the civilized nations of the world. Like Australia, perhaps. But the Thai way is too ingrained and I had not the good looks, charisma or military might to orchestrate such a cultural revolution. All I can do is teach. But, as Mark Twain once said, ‘To do good is noble. To teach others to do good is nobler - and no trouble’. I might not be able to effect large scale change but I would never lose sight of my ideals. And this meant many a potential suitor for my affection was out of the running before he even started - all except that most gentlemanly of gentlemen, Ajarn Bayard.
Of course, my past being obliterated as it was, no one at the Rajabhat Institute Rajanagarindra knew anything about my previous existence or my dissatisfaction with the Thai way of life, and Ajarn Bayard would certainly never be any the wiser. As far as anyone in Chachoengsao could tell, I was a ‘nice’ Thai girl and always had been. Maybe, just maybe, I thought to myself, Ajarn Bayard walked out of the brothel that night because he actually wanted a nice girl ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 23.
Pui.

I was not anymore longer ‘recruiting’ teachers for Burma. Well and truly and very much too a close call in Chachoengsao after the cops got their involved. I get the boss more than enough blonde, blue-eyed Farang for what his need anyway. Now my job to assist with getting Farang English speakers well and truly and very much hooked on free heroin/ methamphetamine regime in private hospital ward belong boss in Bangkok, keep them drug while get them onto boss’s private plane to Mae Sai, then onto truck to do the cross the border to Burma. And to give occasional blowjob to any policemen who got over-suspicious or thought the bribes were too low. I just say ‘Yum-yum’. They know my meaning. 22,000 baht a month for me was still easy, low risk money compared to being a Katoey hooker.
Anyway, Chachoengsao was sooo boring. No good nightlife there. No rich Farang tourists to rip off. It was well and truly and very much off beaten track as far as tourists were concerned to go. The only thing worth tourist seeing was Wat sothon, or Wat sothon wararam worawihan if you want using the full name. This Buddhist monastery is house for Phra putthasothon, or as is called by the local folk, Luang pho sothon. This is very sacred Buddha image and is most revered by people of Thailand. The large statue is positioned in attitude of meditation, having the lap width of the 165 centimeter and the height of the 198 centimeter. It approximately two kilometer south of Sala mang (the Provincial City Hall of the Chachoengsao) and Thai legend say that there were one day three bronze-cast Buddha images float down from Prachin Buri and they washed ashore on the riverbanks of the Bang pakong upriver from Chachoengsao. Don’t ask me why these bronze statues not fill with water and sink to bottom - is Thai legend, remember.
The local villagers, they recognize the importance of event, tied all the three images of Buddha altogether with the ropes. The people try unsuccessfully to pull them out of water but they broke apart and continue float down-stream. The large size one later appear at Ban laem, at the place Samut songkhram, where the locals enshrine him at Wat Ban Laem. The small size one appeared and was enshrine at the place Wat bang phli at Samut Prakarn. The medium size one, Laung pho sothon, finally appear in front of the place where Wat sothon now stand on the Rajabhat side riverbank of the river.
The Chachoengsao people combine their efforts to pull him out from the water but they not succeed at first time. Then a few well and truly and very much wise men built up a small shrine for ceremony to paying homage to Phra puttha sothon; they invite him in with due respect and duly pulled him in to be enshrined at the place Wat sothon successfully, as can proudly be seen today. There are two fairs in Chachoengsao annually to pay the homage to Luang pho sothon; one in middle of the 5th lunar month and second in the middle of 12th lunar month. Devotees they regularly come to the shrine and three times do Morp grahp, the most humble of all homages to the Buddha. It some kind of the kneeling Wai in which devotee lower your hands, first right then the left to the floor. They devotee also apply tiny squares of gold leaf to the image of Buddha in the effort to make a merit. With dream of being reincarnated as the woman, I too do this process several times during my short stay in Chachoengsao.
But Chachoengsao has the good exercise class in town square. Most cities in Thailand have a large place with water moat around it where there are many old men jogging slowly. Also open air aerobic classes free for women and Katoey. I go there five, six time.
Oh, and Chachoengsao is boasting the one other ‘tourist attraction’. There is wild bat colony at the place Wat pho bang khlar which is located 17 kilometer along Highway 304 (on the Chachoengsao road to the place Kahin Buri route) after another six-kilometer turn off to Highway 3121 to Amphoe Bang Khlar. Thousands of fruit-eating bats, or the flying foxes, hang upside down in the noisy crowds on several of the huge trees inside within the walls of monastery.
Bang khlar also serving as an outlying campus for the Rajabhat Institute Rajanagarindra, where my research had taught me information the new Farang English teacher Ajarn Bayard instructed on day Fridays.
Not that we had any real interest in the recruiting him for our Burmese operation! That whole episode in Rajabhat Training Hotel was just for showing. just like most of what happens in our place Thailand.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 24.
Leo.

My hands and feet were, like, bound tight; but only as tight as I let them. I had endured a three-hour trip in a small plane, blindfolded, and then been shoved into the back of a truck of some sort, gagged and shackled to several other abductees who all seemed to be oblivious to the very strange events unfolding around them. At times I thought I would, like, suffocate. Drenched in sweat, the last time I had eaten or drank anything was in Bangkok, and I still didn’t know where the fuck I was. But one thing I knew: this lush jungle setting they had pulled me out of the truck into sure wasn’t California.
That slimy little red Burmese dude would get his - you can depend on that. We’ll see if he still needs any help writing his commie bullshit propaganda sad•ass excuse for poetry when he’s facing a United Nations firing squad, the smelly fuck! OK, so he speaks English like a CEO, but he’s kidnapped an American citizen and, like, Uncle Sam always looks after his own. Just as soon as I get out of these handcuffs and alert the American authorities, the place will be swarming with US troops.
Of course, I could have helped him with his ‘poetry’ if I had been so inclined-and if he had been prepared to pay with cold, hard baht. That’s pretty much what I was back in Thailand for. I had recently returned after a six-month break in the States learning, like, proofreading.
Before that I had spent a year in Bangkok teaching English in a private language school, for peanuts. Now my Thai girlfriend and I were going to open a proofreading business on the outskirts of the Big Mango. Westerners are constantly amused by the mistakes Thai businesses make in the brochures, magazines, menus and advertising they commissioned. So much so that their customers often took their business elsewhere. I mean, would you trust the credentials of a plastic surgeon who couldn’t even get his neon sign outside his clinic to, like, spell the word ‘plastic’ correctly? Either the dude was unaware of the error or he just didn’t care that the sign said ‘Palsti Sirgery’. Either way, I for one wasn’t going to entrust my nose job to him, no matter how cheap it was compared to the Beverly Hills surgeons back home. Or how about the dentist whose advertisement promises ‘Teeth extracted by the most up-to-date methodists’. These dopey Thai ‘professionals’ had no idea how amateur their ads made them look.
But the main difficulty with any proofreading business, as my girlfriend Boo pointed out, was the pervasive sense of importance Thais put in, like, ‘saving face’.
Many business people and high-ranking professionals have studied overseas and consider themselves to have advanced English skills. Huh, what a joke! If they were to send a draft to a proofreader and it came back covered with red-inked corrections, they’d take it as a loss of face; and that would never be good for return business.
Rather, as with our planned business, the draft would be accepted and corrected without any identification of the errors within. Indeed, the client would always be complimented on his near-perfect English. Of course, he would realize that his draft and the corrected work were very different, but he would have saved face and would therefore happily provide us with his work in the future. This ridiculous emphasis on saving face is why many experienced Farang no longer, like, ask directions from Thais when they are lost. The Thai person will point them in any direction at all rather than admit they don’t know the location of the Farang’s destination.
Unfortunately, Boo, my Thai girlfriend, would be freaking out by now for sure - although she was just as likely to be assuming I was out with another girl and, thus, throwing all my possessions out in the street! But, like, no Thai girl could compare to my Boo. Her skin is opalescent - naturally near-white from her Eurasian cross-breeding, and she needed none of the skin-whitening agents Thai women seem to demand in every type of cosmetic, whether it be face moisturizer or underarm deodorant. The Thai plastic surgeons would never see her in their waiting room, either, for this Look khrung had an elegantly long Western nose; not the snub, fat buttons I myself usually preferred. But the Thais, due either to insecurity about their own Asian appearance or simply the brainwashing by the constant bombardment of Western advertising and MTV, considered those drops of foreign blood in her genotype to render her the pinnacle of beauty. And I certainly couldn’t argue with that. The combination of a long-gone Austrian father and a Thai mother - who, thank God or Buddha or who-fucking-ever, I got on OK with - had produced an exquisitely beautiful daughter and I was missing her desperately. She was my life and our business was, like, our life’s dream.
But our proofreading business wasn’t going anywhere as long as I was shackled in the back of this stinking truck with these other sorry blondes. Not to worry; I’ve still got a few tricks up my sleeves. Did a little apprenticeship, so to speak, with a crooked magician dude in California about two years ago. I learnt a whole lotta useful shit useful when you’re dealing weed in the backstreets of Santa Monica. One thing these Burmese soldiers probably weren’t prepared for is that I’ve learnt how to position my hands and fingers so that the handcuffs appear to be on snugly but are actually, like, very loose. See, it’s all a matter of giving the impression that it hurts. Just like acting, really. Then when the time is right it’s a simple matter of squeezing your hands out, with a little saliva for lubrication, and   voila! Freedom. It would be made easier by the fact that they’d handcuffed us to each other, as that gave me more room to apply leverage.
I had long since managed to push my blindfold down a fraction and notice that my right hand was linked to the left hand of a comatose fat girl with long blonde hair and tattoos of barbed wire on her arms. On the left was another blonde girl but, although she seemed awake, she was obviously too scared to talk. She looked like a rabbit frozen in front of the headlights of an oncoming speeding car. Neither of them would be any problem when the time came to slip my handcuffs off. I might not be big and muscular, but sometimes that’s, like, actually an advantage. If I can escape from the Orange County sheriff’s custody I can darn-tootin’ give these stupid Asian dudes the slip too.
They also probably haven’t accounted for my above-average tolerance to smack. I didn’t get too much State-side but in the two weeks I’ve been back in Thailand I’ve been getting through quite a bit of it. Smoking it, not mainlining - ‘chasing the dragon’ as it’s otherwise known, which has much less chance of overdose and zero chance of infection with HIV or Hepatitis, which is a very scary reality if you share needles in Asia. Or anywhere else for that matter. So I’d simply pretend to be too wasted to resist and that way would, like, retain the very important element of surprise. Still, I’d have to move smartly if I didn’t want to be cut down by one of those Burmese soldier dudes in their drab olive army fatigues who were all, like, festooned with bandoleers and grenades and AK-47s and God knows whatever weaponry the CIA had probably sold them.
It was just a simple matter of choosing the right moment to take action.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 25.
Keowah.

Ajarn Bayard was a little paranoid about the hygiene of Thailand’s roadside restaurants, although he always put on a cavalier attitude and said he was prepared to try anything once. Nevertheless, he said he wanted to try somewhere ‘sanitary and safe’. So we met for dinner at a high-class riverside seafood restaurant I knew. Chachoengsao was about 24 km from the Gulf of Thailand and was privy to some of the best freshwater and salt-water fish and crustaceans in Thailand. Of course, I had to write the directions to the restaurant down for Ajarn Bayard to give the Tuk tuk driver.
I had arrived on my motorcycle at the designated time and parked out the front. Light from the stark fluorescent tubes hanging from the telegraph poles mixed with the gleam of the street vendor’s fires and danced off the tiny mirrors and gold leaf of the streetside signs worshipping the King of Thailand, lending a surreal appearance to the streetscape, Chachoengsao had an active committee devoted to the task of reminding everybody who their leader was and they regularly produced these shrines to the monarchy that were lit up like miniature Las Vegas casinos.
The moon and the stars could be seen easily over the silent, black slow-flowing Bang pakong river the restaurant bordered. Tilting the motorcycle’s mirror to catch the street light, I checked my make-up before brushing down my thin cotton dress and entering.
He was already there when I arrived and had selected a table on the porch over the water. Cracks between the thick wooden planks revealed the ripples of the river below. A fish would occasionally leap clumsily and splash sideways back to its watery abode. The ever-present mosquitoes were deterred by coils burning pungent under the table. There were about a dozen people sitting at the other tables - all Thais, of course. Ajarn Bayard was already halfway through a bottle of Beer Chang. The waitress, with a smile that made the Mona Lisa look as if she were the circus’ star clown, was hovering nearby to top up his glass and replenish its ice; ice which he immediately removed. Farang tend to like their beer cold, but not necessarily diluted with ice of questionable purity. I wasn’t the least bit concerned about his drinking.
We’d been friends for six weeks now and he had already explained to me his set of personal rules; he only drinks beer or wine - never spirits - and he never drinks before 6 pm. So I was reassured he would not turn into the loud-mouthed, groping drunk many Thai men become after a bottle of whisky, even when they drink the traditional five-parts water, one-part spirit mix with added ice-cubes the Thai men always imbibe. For some reason - perhaps their smaller stature - Thai men get offensively drunk after relatively little booze, whereas many Farang could hold their liquor with far greater composure.
Certainly, Ajarn Bayard was a little on the unusual side with his rules and regulations, but I liked the way he was different. And not to disappoint me, Ajarn Bayard was tonight again dressed impressively - if once again a little differently. He was wearing a blue felt fedora hat; double-breasted, navy blue, brass-buttoned blazer; a white collared silk shirt; and white duck slacks. His tie was held down by what looked like a gold and diamond tie-pin and I could just glimpse the pearl inlaid cuff-links on his shirt sleeves. He looked very, very sophisticated. I had to admit his sartorial elegance was a breath of fresh air in provincial Thailand where the men took no more interest in their appearance than was absolutely necessary. Certainly, few selected outfits to deliberately stress their individuality. Ajarn Bayard obviously enjoyed dressing up and I didn’t mind one little bit that my date was the best dressed man in town. You see, in Thailand there is a whole rigmarole regarding impolite clothes for men. Inexplicably perhaps, in a country where the hot climate makes sandals the most sensible form of footwear and indeed where three-quarters of the ‘middle class’ population wear them, sandals are actually considered impolite for professional men to wear. A high-ranking professor I know was once denied entrance to the library of his Thamassat University on the grounds that he was wearing impolite shoes, i.e. sandals. Shiny black shoes are polite. Real leather shoes that are laced up and spit- polished and, of course, worn with socks are more polite than cloth shoes without laces. Barefoot, however, is for beggars and drunks.
It seems that in Thai culture the more the body is covered by clothes the more polite and well-mannered the man is perceived to be. Thus shorts and tank tops are out for the aspiring Farang. Tee-shirts are not really OK but they are more OK than tank tops or singlets. A long-sleeved shirt is preferable to a short-sleeved one. A tie is very polite and a full suit is extremely polite, even if it is dripping wet with sweat. The exception to this dress standard is the traditional Thai ‘Safari’-style loose silk shirt which can be worn tie-less and not tucked in. Naturally, many Farang teachers gravitate to this traditional attire after a few weeks of teaching in non-air-conditioned classrooms.
To make a positive impression in Thailand the Farang must overdress, no matter how much the weather would suggest otherwise. Generally speaking, the more your clothes make you suffer in Thailand’s unbearable heat the more polite they are and the more successful you will be. Of course, there are other indicators of a Farang’s coarse nature, such as him patting someone’s head, leaving his shoes on when entering a temple or pointing at someone with his feet, but as they say in the West: ‘The clothes maketh the man’. And what a man they madeth Ajarn Bayard!
There was a Filipino band playing on the raised stage at the other end of the restaurant, who were competent enough performers of English folk and pop songs. “Hotel California” by The Eagles was being covered, as it is in 90% of Thai restaurants at any particular moment of the day or night, and the strains of this 70s classic drifted over to our table. I often wondered if the frequent performers of this song knew what its lyrics actually meant, as some say that even The Eagles cannot answer this question adequately!
The Filipino band looked identical to any other ‘cock rocker’ Thai band: skinny black jeans, sleeveless vests, tattoos, bandannas and other Guns ‘n’ Roses styled attire - but they could actually enunciate the English lyrics. The Philippines has had an only recently terminated strong presence of US servicemen based there and their use and expertise in English reflected this ‘Stars and Stripes’ colonization Ajarn Bayard, acknowledging my arrival, rose to his feet and graciously took my hand in his, kissing the back of it. I blushed and looked around me, hoping this public display of affection had gone unnoticed. But, fortunately, nobody was paying the slightest bit of attention - physical contact between men and women in public is frowned upon, although same sex friends can cuddle and hold hands like gay or lesbian lovers, as they are often perceived to be by Farang in the Western countries.
So, feeling at ease, I un-slung my handbag and took off my light cotton sweater, thus revealing the diamond-encrusted pendant that sparkled around my throat, and my lightly tanned bare arms and shoulders. My nearly immodest garb hinted at my generous, by Thai standards, décolletage. I settled into the wicker chair opposite him. I was nervous and took out an imported Indonesian clove cigarette and lit it. I sucked the sweet, invigorating smoke deep into my lungs.
“Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah! I didn’t know you smoked!”
“Oh, I ... I ... I’m so sorry.”
I looked to the interior of the restaurant where three separate illuminated ‘No Smoking’ signs were obscured by a haze of Thai ‘Krung thiep’ cigarette smoke. At around 25 baht per packet, cigarette smoking is a very affordable vice in Thailand. Nevertheless, I stubbed out the burning cigarette immediately with perhaps a little too much enthusiastic aggression. Ajarn Bayard smiled at me and I could tell he was pleased by my acquiescence to his unspoken demand.
Well, I had wanted to quit anyway. To stave off my nervousness I ordered a raspberry-flavored Vodka Crewser. If I couldn’t smoke to ease my anxiety then a little alcohol might give me some Dutch courage. When the drink arrived I screwed up the nearly full packet of Indonesian cigarettes and tossed them nonchalantly into the river. Ajarn Bayard looked aghast.
“Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah! I didn’t know you littered!”
“Oh, I ... I ... I’m so sorry.”
I immediately gestured to one of the waiters, pointed at the crumpled cigarettes slowly drifting away on the river’s current and offered him 50 baht to dive into the murky water and retrieve them. The boy wasted no time in stripping off his shirt and was about to take the plunge when Ajarn Bayard let out a huge guffaw.
“I was only joking, Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah! It was just a joke ... “
I wasn’t sure if he was still joking, and he continued to explain:
“You know as well as I do that everyone litters in Thailand because there aren’t any bloody bins anywhere to be found!”
He was right, of course, and the constant littering provided employment for thousands of early morning street sweepers.
He paid the boy 50 baht for his bare-chested enthusiasm and the lad Wai-ed very deeply - it was probably the best tip he would get all month and he didn’t have to get wet for it after all.
I, on the other hand, felt slightly humiliated at my gullibility and tried to hide my embarrassed blushing by laughing along with Ajarn Bayard.
“No, Ajarn Bayard, of course I don’t mind a prank at my expense!’ I lied, but it took a few more Vodka Crewsers before I was truly able to put the event into the correct perspective. Ajarn Bayard was, after all, well, different. What else could I expect from his sense of humor:
‘Knock, knock, who’s there’ jokes? Not likely.
Then I noticed him looking at the brown skin and toned muscles of my arms. He saw me looking at him looking at me and smiled that confident smile I was beginning to find quite utterly alluring and overpowering.
I thought of covering myself up from his male gaze, but then I remembered one of the main differences between Thai men and Farang. Most Western men are apparently captivated by the golden brown skin of the Thai woman- it has sent many a pale-skinned Farang into a lusty fit of ecstasy - but this reality is beyond the comprehension or the majority of Thai ladies, who will do anything to shield themselves from the dreaded rays of the tropical sun. ‘Sii daam. Mai suay mark!’ (‘I’m black. Not very beautiful!’) they will wail as they hide under an umbrella and apply oodles of allegedly skin-whitening cream to their epidermis like some miracle medicinal salve.
Thai men likewise adore pale-skinned women. Some put this repulsion to dark skin down to the low opprobrium associated with those who are forced to endure the stigma of laboring in the fields under the un-abating glare of the equatorial sun. To be white means you are rich enough to not have to work the paddy-fields, despite the fact that skin color is a genetically determined trait. For the same reason, men will grow at least one fingernail, usually the pinky, to an excessive length to show all and sundry they are not laborers. In the West the opposite maxim applies; being tanned means you are rich enough to spend all day lounging on your deck chair by your your kidney shaped swimming pool, while the illegal immigrant works for less than minimum wage at a sewing machine. Being Look khrung, however, I was born only slightly dark-skinned and I did not feel it was something to be overly embarrassed about. So I, well, rather shamelessly let Ajarn Bayard enjoy the view. He responded with a flurry of compliments.
“You look resplendent this evening, Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah. Indeed, you shine like a star fallen from heaven. I believe your beauty knows no equal on Earth. And I am particularly captivated by that dress - it makes you look so very fit, healthy and ... athletic. All those hard, sweaty workouts in the health club have obviously paid off. If only I could learn to invest my time and money so wisely.” He was sweet talking me and I couldn’t believe it. Yes, I was blushing again! My heart was flopping about in my chest like a fish out of water struggling for air. I covered my embarrassment by catching the eye of a waitress and ordering numerous lobster and fish dishes plus vegetables and side dishes for two. Actually, more like twenty-two. But that’s how you eat in Thailand. And the Vodka Crewsers kept on disappearing down my throat.
Thankfully, Ajarn Bayard didn’t seem to mind a lady friend having a drink with him, so we clinked our drinks together before settling into chatting about the day’s events. Just small talk - nothing too deep and meaningful. But then he said something that really surprised me.
“Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah, I’ve heard some rumors about Farang English teachers being kidnapped in Thailand and sent to Cambodia to be slaves in private English schools for the rebel armies.”
“Oh, you’ve heard about that, have you? Well, I don’t know if it’s true or not, but it’s more likely to be Burma than Cambodia. “
“Really? Why is that?”
“Because native English speakers love Cambodia - the ruins of Angkor Wat, the recent chilling history of civil war and that evil genocidal dictator Pol Pot; and, of course, the easy availability of child prostitutes. It’s a dream destination for many Westerners - decadent and culture-seeking alike. Burma, on the other hand, is a very tightly run communist regime and it is very difficult and unprofitable to take money into. Most importantly, Burma has a particularly bad name due to its ongoing human rights violations. Many Westerners actually considered a visit there to be an act of approval for its oppressive regime and therefore avoid Burma on ethical grounds. Indeed, that’s what the last Farang teacher, Ajarn Cheryl, had told me. She lent me a copy of the Only a Planet guidebook, which at that time openly advises backpackers to avoid the country. As a result, Burma is crying out for native speaking English teachers.”
Ajarn Bayard looked thoughtful for a moment before seeming to deliberately change the topic.
“Ah, Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah, I ... I’d like to see a MuayThai boxing match. Would you be so kind as to accompany me on Saturday night if, of course, you are free?”
Naturally, I agreed; although his interest in Muay Thai was unexpected. But, as my uncle number 12 was a local fight promoter, it would be an easy matter to get VIP seats. Not a private booth, of course, but worthwhile seats offering a good vantage point.
Aware of his disability in his leg, I did not ask Ajarn Bayard to dance. We spent the rest of the evening eating and drinking ... and drinking. We ate lobster, followed by giant oysters in creamy sauce, succulent butterfly-ed prawns fried with cashew nuts, coconut chicken soup and a whole sea bass braised with aromatic root herbs accompanied by a sour mullet soup, with a different cocktail between each course. Ajarn Bayard just drank cheap Beer Sing. He heaped kind words and lavished encomiums on the Thai delicacies. But by 11 o’clock I was full to bursting.
Outside, a massive grey elephant, resplendent in silks across its back, reflective bracelets on its feet and a flashing bicycle lamp attached to its tail, ambled slowly up to the restaurant. Two heavily pregnant women waddled as quickly as they could out onto the road and called for the skinny Mahout atop the pachyderm to halt the beast while they walked gingerly beneath its belly. Such an event would guarantee a safe delivery of their unborn child, according to Thai superstition, and was considered well worth the 20 baht premium to the elephant handler.
I watched this procedure with one eye on Ajarn Bayard, wondering if he would sense the maternal longing of a middle-aged, unmarried Rajabhat English teacher and come to my rescue with an offer of devoted monogamy and paternity. But the elephant passed by without him apparently even noticing it.
After some three hours, the Filipino band had vacated the stage and a large television set was switched on. I thought there was to be the usual karoake but a news bulletin flashed across the screen instead. The reporter was pointing out a Chachoengsao street scene littered with bloodied corpses.
Ajarn Bayard was visibly taken aback.
“Bloody hell!” he said. “Another traffic accident? When will the Thais learn to indicate before overtaking?”
“No, there was a shoot-out.”
“Really? Any police killed?”
“The criminals probably didn’t have guns.”
“Then how was it a shoot-out if only one side was armed?”
“The police thought they were drug dealers.”
“Did they find any drugs? Heroin? Ya ba?”
“No, nothing ... Premier Thanksin Shinawhat yesterday said that Thailand will be completely free of illegal drugs within three months.”
On the television screen, a Thai police captain proudly held up a wad of thousand baht bills and a deck of playing cards as some kind of vindication for the massacre. Ajarn Bayard seemed very agitated.
“The cops killed them for gambling?”
“Royal Thai Police don’t like it when other Thais organize gambling ... or drug running.”
Ajarn Bayard ordered another bottle of beer and pretended to listen to the rest of the news bulletin. He didn’t say anything for some time. Eventually the television was switched off in favor of karaoke. A fat, middle-aged woman began assaulting the microphone in Thai with a bad translation of Neil Young’s ‘Harvest moon’.
Her woeful singing contrasted so poignantly with that of my poor deceased sister’s singing. I started to feel uneasy about Ajarn Bayard’s silence. I didn’t sense he was dissatisfied with me, but unfortunately Ajarn Bayard’s inexplicable brooding made me nervous and l started to over-do the Vodka Crewsers. I am ashamed to say I got a little drunk. And loud. I seem to recall making some disparaging remark about one of the karaoke singers but I can’t for the life of me remember what it was I actually said. I do remember the waitress coming over with a look in her eyes that suggested we were soon to be asked to leave. Her eyes were startled and wide but she offered a slight grin when, in surprisingly good Thai, Ajarn Bayard assured her his companion (me) was only a little drunk and did not deserve any fuss. Of course, the waitress wasn’t really up set. She wouldn’t lose her cool. She was Thai, after all.
Despite my being quite inebriated, Ajarn Bayard, ever the gentleman, didn’t make the slightest move to take advantage of me - unlike many of the Thai men I have been out with in the past- and I wisely decided to leave my motorcycle at the restaurant and catch a Tuk tuk home. After vomiting very un-ladylike into the gutter, I climbed clumsily into the taxi with Ajarn Bayard’s assistance. There was now no doubt in my mind; he really was a nice man. A bona fide gentleman. I waved goodbye to him as I sat on the rear bench seat and smiled to myself as the Tuk tuk roared away.
Through the side of the speeding Samlor I looked up at the stars in the dark night sky. They had moved only fractionally since the beginning of the evening. Then I spotted Duo muh lap-the ‘sleeping dog star’-or what Westerners refer to as Sirius. It is the star that allegedly forces all dogs, strays and watchdogs alike, to sleep very, very soundly. For this reason it is also known as the Kamoey star, or ‘Thief star’, because the effect it has on dogs makes burglary much easier to effect.
Perhaps Ajarn Bayard had managed to steal my heart with the help of Duo mah lap. Meanwhile, the moon went on its slow journey across the sky, just as it had done for millennia before and would continue to do for millennia to come. But for me, this night with Ajarn Bayard was special and had no equal in this or any previous lifetime I may have once inhabited.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 26.
Bayard.

Another day, another two lessons ahead of me. I was beginning to enjoy tooling off to work on my chauffeured motorcycle. I was feeling confident about teaching, as I had just the night before finished reading Stephen J. Hawking’s “A Brief History Of Time”, which I had bought on a recent day trip to the Asia Books store in Bangkok. He is an author who I find inspiring because, like me, he has not let gross physical deformity impede his intellectuality, although I have to admit most of his writing confuses me. I can’t even understand how his wheelchair works, let alone all his complex theories on physics.
I wondered who had inspired Mr. Hawking to succeed against the terrible odds his birth gave him, so I decided to ask my phalanx of Rajabhat students who it was that had inspired them to study hard at school when they were younger. One maiden, with an eye covered by a square of white gauze, presumably being treated for conjunctivitis from contact with the impure town water, replied that it was her mother who had had the greatest influence on her. She went on to explain that her mother had always said that if she didn’t study hard at school she would end up as a baker. Well, it was an entertaining and well-delivered story but by the end I really wanted to know if there was something culturally unacceptable in Thailand about making bread and cakes for a living - something I had so far missed in my attempts to adapt to the cultural differences between Thailand and England.
My student narrowed her one eye at me and explained, in a tone she might also have used on a three-year old child, that being a baker is particularly hard because you have nowhere to live and not enough money for food. I suggested that surely a baker could sleep in his or her shop and, if starving, eat the bread and cake that had been baked but unsold. The girl rolled her eye at me and I was tempted to pick it up and roll it right back to her, but finally I duly realized that somewhere along the line the story had gone astray. It turned out my student simply couldn’t pronounce the word ‘beggar’.
Mispronunciations are the cause for much confusion in my classes due to my neophyte ear. For example, one day when they were discussing their likes and dislikes a young woman said she didn’t like ‘disco man’. I had images of leery Mediterraneans in polyester flares with gold medallions and curly dark chest hair dancing like that non-scientist religious freak Travoltring in Sunday Night Fever. But it became clear that, once again, there was a communication gap and things were only clarified when she chalked on the blackboard her intended object of disdain: ‘this government’.
Yet another example of confusion occurred when a student volunteered to sing an English song she had memorized: “Tell Laura I love her” But she said she was confused about the meaning of a word in the first verse: ‘motorball.’ I, too, knowing the song from my youth, was stumped by the inclusion of the word ‘motorball’ until she sang, quite melodiously:
“Tommy and Laura were lovers.
He wanted to give her everything;
Flowers, presents ... 
But ‘Motorball’ a wedding ring.”
I stifled my laughter and explained that what Tommy meant was that he ‘most of all’ wanted to give Laura a wedding ring. It was light-hearted moments such as these that made teaching English a real joy for me.
Other mispronunciations require slightly more, well delicate explanations. For example, I was just finishing up a class with a sweet little 18-year old student called Aen who had volunteered to demonstrate a business transaction. She was one of the more fluent of my pupils and we were practicing a role-play involving acting as a sales assistant and a customer for the benefit of the rest of the attentive class. I had a pen, my mobile telephone and a large Vermilion wall clock ‘for sale’ on my desk. Aen, playing the customer, asked if I had a big red cock for her. My face betrayed my embarrassment and my blushing was soon matched by her own as she realized her error in pronunciation. The class dissolved into fits of helpless laughter, proving that at least some of their comprehension skills were adequate.
Other lessons become risqué due to the often quite frank attitudes my teenage students had towards sex. One day, during a fifty-minute period with my 2nd year English majors, I tried to introduce the concept of following a ‘topic’ sentence with supporting sentences. After allocating 15 minutes for the class to tackle this task, I randomly selected a student from the class list. My pen lingered over the roll-call page and settled on Orn, who was a 20-year old and, I had to admit, very cute Chinese Thai girl.
“OK, Orn. What’s your topic sentence?”
“I’m bisexual and I love English men.”
I felt my insides contract and my mouth begin to salivate as I tried desperately not to gibber.
“V-v-very good, Orn, and your, um, your ... supporting sen - sentences are?”
Finally, I will never forget a student telling me that “The man is pulling his cock” when I showed her a flashcard of a waiter using a corkscrew to open a bottle of wine.
On the more serious side I was, of course, expected to spend some substantial time planning the lessons, and one day I decided to concentrate on the different pronunciations and meanings a word can have depending on the context of its use. I came up with the following ten examples which I felt confident would occupy the majority of a fifty-minute lesson:
1) The bandage was wound around the wound.
2) The farm was used to produce produce.
3) The dump was so full that it had to refuse more refuse.
4) The soldier decided to desert his dessert in the desert.
5) When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.
6) The insurance was invalid for the invalid.
7) There was a row among the oarsmen about how to row.
8) They were too close to the door to close it.
9) To help with planting, the farmer taught his sow to sow.
10) After a number of injections, my jaw got number.
Needless to say, this lesson turned out to be a particularly frustrating series of “Why, Ajarn Bay-ah, why?” questions followed by my very lame responses of “Because it, well, it just is”. After ten minutes I realized that English was, in fact, a language of contradictions. How could I help these young innocents make sense of an ancient language riddled with inequity? A ridiculous language with absurd rules and nonsensical meanings. So I tore up my detailed lesson plans. From that point on I decided to limit my lessons to simple conversational English.
But sometimes even this was mind-bogglingly difficult due to the extreme range of abilities of students within the same class. For example, I would ask a student:
“What is your nickname, Miss Wasuthara?”
To which the poor fool would reply, in a voice not only vapid but vacuous to boot, “I’m fine, sanks. And you?”
I tried to dissuade myself from the opinion that my teaching escutcheon had been irreparably besmirched. I just needed to lower my expectations a tiny fraction. But the final straw, for that day at least, came when one of my students confronted me with the sports page of the Bangkok Post Herald Herald newspaper which had a headline about the Thai tennis champion screaming ‘Paradorn pronounced winner!’ The confused and disgruntled student yelled at me:
“English stupid. You good teacher not!”

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 27.
General Aung.

From the admittedly over-opulent and overstuffed leather chair in my teak-paneled office in this jungle oubliette from which I presided over the official matters of our drug factories and our new venture into English education, I lit an imported American Marlboro and inhaled deeply. My laptop was poised for action - by laptop I mean my attractive little secretary - but I had too much on my mind. I pondered Burma’s future and the roles the ethnic insurgencies such as my beloved Shan State Army, inextricably tied to the opium poppy business, would play in this constant battle for self-determination for the Shan people, whom had grown up as second class citizens in a Burmese rogue government-run world.
The ongoing struggle by the Shan to right the wrongs of the official government of this country was my life’s work. ‘A threat to civilized government’, commentators in the West called it while they hypocritically provided aid for so-called crop replacement programs. Huh! Futile drug eradication programs that were doomed to failure and only made the SPDC appear to be toeing the ‘Dubbya’ Boosh ‘Either with us or against us’ line.
The country’s current rulers and virtually untouchable bullies, the State Peace and Development Council (or SPDC, which was formerly known as the more sinister sounding SLORC, is composed of 19 members, consisting of the chairman, the vice-chairman, the secretaries, the heads of the services, and the regional Commandeers), are ruthless thugs who think nothing of murdering entire villages of Shan women and children.
Each day, The New Light Of Myanmar - the government controlled puppet newspaper of Burma - would run the official, but inevitably false, version of the events. Every day my blood boiled when I read the nonsense the rest of the world was being fed about my treasured homeland of Burma. Every day I dreamt of new ways to vaporize these enemies of the real Burmese people. The SPDC government propaganda department was eager to show that it had made ‘peace’ with its many ethnic minorities, and the state-owned TV often screened so-called cultural programs featuring actors in various tribal dress. But it was all a sham and the only way the Shan people could come to power and lead the united ethnic communities of communist Burma was to convey this reality to the world via well-spoken officials. We could no longer afford to be seen as drug-running warlords, even if that remained our major source of income for the moment. We needed to appear articulate, sophisticated and worthy of international support. This cannot be achieved without English fluency.
Much of this fawning government’s international discussion was with the American Drug Enforcement Agency. With their support for crop substitution programs, the Burmese SPDC had been looking to get this heroin monkey off Burma’s back for years. So the DEA supplied them with generous aid and military hardware - despite former misgivings about dealings with rogue communist countries. Nowadays, it seems the war was no longer against the ‘reds under the beds’ but against those Americans who would not or could not say ‘No’ to drugs, and, of course, the countries that met that insatiable demand for drugs. The proposed agreements in military aid and crop substitution plans could solve many of the problems the Shan had created for the SPDC - by stopping further large scale poppy cultivation it would also be quelling future ethnic rebellion by cutting off the Shan State Army’s source of funding. But I knew that opium was and always would be the number one cash crop of the Golden Triangle, closely followed by the newer, easier to hide industry of methamphetamines. As long as there were addicts in rich countries, the Shan State Army, even though we numbered only some 20,000, would still eventually win our noble fight.
Our English-training headquarters were located in an isolated jungle clearing in a valley at the base of Mount Popa. This was a sacred mountain; the cone of an ancient volcano said to be populated by Nat. The Nut are animist gods believed to predate Buddhism in Burma.
The Burmese people, despite being overwhelmingly Buddhist, also believed in these capricious and spirited deities supposed to live on the mountainside and only a few brave government soldiers ever ventured to this part of the thick, nearly impenetrable jungle. The compound was adequately camouflaged from the air as it was only 300 kilometers (by 4WD in the dry season - or by much slower mule train in the wet) from Tachilek, which was a boomtown on the Burmese side of the border with Thailand, which itself was only a few kilometers from the official edge of the famed Golden Triangle.
Local legend had it that a notorious Shan drug lord once offered to purchase the entire region from the Burmese government in order to make it the world’s first drug-financed independent municipality. Surprisingly, his bid failed - he must not have had very good lawyers.
Despite its isolation, this position served our purposes well as a hidden storage site for the unprocessed heroin and methamphetamine that we refined and packaged, thus funding the Shan State Army’s efforts. Many officers made this their home for extended periods and it made sense to include English instruction as one of the clandestine operations of the compound. Without passports, money or outside help, the foreign teacher’s chances of escape were nil. Only with an intimate knowledge of the twisting foot trails, mountaintop pathways and, most importantly, the shift times of co-operative border control personnel could any one or anything make it across the border to the relative safety of Thailand.
A twice-weekly convoy left the Mount Popa compound for Tachilek. Once in the town, the caravan proceeded directly across a small bridge into Mae Sai on the Thai side of the frontier. Uniformed officials on both sides of the border saluted and the convoy, acknowledging its privileged lack of customs accountability, nearly always failed to stop, or at the most received only a cursory glance inside before going on its way completely unchallenged.
Sensing a Shakespearean moment, I quoted Coriolanus, act 2, scene 2:
“Never shame to hear what you have nobly done.”
My dark, tattooed hands were making expressive swirls and eddies in the pall of toxic cigarette smoke surrounding me. I stopped, realizing that I was sermonizing out loud to an empty office. Lost in thought, I watched the sun set through the glass-less windows of my office and the jungle outside my secret compound slowly come awake.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 28.
Candy.

As they dragged us outta the truck, chained together an’ marchin’ single file, an’ into a drab, grey-painted buildin’ made from cinderblocks in the middle of a huge jungle - surrounded army-style compound, my eyes adjusted to the changin’ light an’ ah saw my lousy fuckin’ asshole captors clearly for the first time.
The first boss wuz obviously a high rankin’ military man, with an eye-patch an’ a pointed moustache, whose broad, ugly chest wuz covered in checkered squares, medals an’ tiny red stars. He looked like he wuz wearin’ a corset his chest wuz so puffed up. His second in charge, nh guessed, wuz dressed in a Longyi an’ a well-tailored dress shirt. He wuz blonde, wore an old-fashioned monocle, carried a fancy walkin’ stick an’ wuz smokin’ a cheroot. They wanted to know if ah had ever taught English before an’ what qualifications ah had. Ah told them that uh didn’t have no university degree or nuthin’, but, Lord Almighty, they didn’t seem to care none. They just got the guards to hold me down while they pumped in a few ampoules of speed up my arm an’ then put me back in the line of shackled Westerners in a waitin’ room where a stereo, bolted to the floor, wuz playin’ Peter, Paul an’ Mary’s ‘Puff the magic dragon’. An’ man, oh man, ah wuz now well an’ truly bouncin’ off the walls! My heart wuz poundin’ along at 180 beats per minute an’ my teeth wuz grindin’ like millstones. Ah wuz so wired an’ it wuz great! So fuckin’ great! After all that restin’ an’ noddin’ off while ah wuz on the smack an’ then to go to the opposite extreme like this wuz sensational. Speed makes you appreciate every fraction of every second of every minute of every hour what seems to last forever. Your senses seem so acute, so alert. Ah just felt so good to be alive an’ after a while ah just settled down into watchin’ the passin’ security guards through the window as they patrolled outside, with a big ole stoopid grin on my speedin’ face. Ah didn’t care what ah had to do as long as ah could keep gettin’ these very, very fine drugs. Three quarters of an hour later an’ ah wuz still buzzin’ as high as a kite as ah stood in front of a class of around twenty young Burmese men, all clean-shaven an’ with short back an’ sides haircuts, dressed in collars an’ ties an’ lookin’ very formal an’ respectable.
Fuckin’ pathetic little shits.
Ah looked about me at the bare walls of the classroom.
The windows, like every other window ah had seen in the last three days, wuz barred, an’ there wuz this huge, dusty, intimidatin’ green blackboard behind me. On the desk wuz a battered ole Concise Oxford Dictionary, a folder with what ah guessed wuz a list of my student’s names in it, a selection of pens an’ pencils, an’ a box of white chalk. After a few seconds ah snapped myself back to attention as ah realized ah had been starin’ at a fluorescent pink ‘Hello Kitty’ pen for some time. Ah wondered if the students seated in front of me knew what kind of scooby snacks my ‘employer’ had been givin’ me for breakfast. What the fuck, they’d get the English tuition they deserved.
My ‘employer’! Yep, that funny lookin’ little Burmese fella with the dark green slash khaki uniform with all the shiny medals an’ ribbons, who kept on quotin’ Shakespeare or someone else just as dead. General Aung - who looked like King Kong! Ha! Ha! Ha! Me makin’ up poetry! You know, speed makes you so creative ah sometimes wondered if ah could write a book someday. But about what? Maybe this whole kidnappin’ experience if ah wuz ever gonna get out of here alive.
That’s right   General Aung - my mind tends to wander when ah’m speedin’. Ah’d only seen him when ah wuz really wasted so ah couldn’t remember an awful lot about what he said, an’ my mind tends to wander when ah’m speedin, but ah knew ah wuz supposed to teach English to these rebel Shan soldier kids in return for all the drugs ah wuz gettin’. That an’, well, not gettin’ killed of course.
Well, wouldn’t hurt to try; give the impression of tryin’, that is. Least ways ah obviously wuzn’t goin’ anywhere else just yet. Ah’d need to watch myself though - ah tend to repeat myself an’ my mind tends to wander when ah’m speedin an’ ah start to chatter real fast when ah’m speeding an’ ah tend to repeat myself an’ my mind tends to wander. So ah sat down at the desk in front of them an’ tried to remember what my teachers in high school used to do. Ah tried real hard to remember but all uh could recollect wuz that ole junior high drama teacher, Mr. Wagstaff, makin’ a pass at me like Robert De Niro did to the horny chick in Cape Fear. Ah pushed that unpleasant thought deep into my subconscious an’ aimed instead for nicer memories about primary school grade 3 level English. An’ so ah began teaching the very first English lesson of my whole, entire life.
“Hello, class. My name is Candace. Ah will be your new English teacher until ah figure out who ah have to sleep with to get outta here. Ah am from Texas in the good ole U S of A, a nation one hundred thousand times more powerful an’ civilized than your sorry excuse for a country. Firstly, ah will need to know your names, so ah wants you to take this piece of paper an’ write down your full name followed by your nickname - in English. Do you understand me, class? - Ah said, DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?”
The silence wuz quite deafening so, speedin’ as ah wuz, ah let my mind wander back to the time ah wuz a little kid swingin’ on grandmama’s front porch swing.
Wee! Up an’ down! Higher an’ higher!
Then one of the shitty little starched an’ pressed students nervously raised his arm. Ah looked at him an’ snapped;
“Yes. What is it?”
Ah wuz starting to feel more comfortable with this whole English teacher caper. Even though there wuz a big ole ceiling fan rotatin’ above me, it wuz still very hot - but the speed made me somehow enjoy it. Ah stared hard at the nerdy Burmese man sittin’ in the second row with his skinny brown arms stickin’ out of his starched cotton shirt an’ his super conservative short back an’ sides hair-cut an’ his big black plastic framed Poindexter spectacles an’ his pimples, an’ ah thought: What a fuckin’ loser little twerp! But ah wuz really startin’ to enjoy bein’ a teacher. You know, that feelin’ of, well, superiority an’ power.
“Excuse, teacher, are you marry?”
Suddenly nineteen other arms were raised an’ they wuz all firin’ questions at me.
“You like Burma man?”
“What age you have sex already?”
“Teacher, what is the AIDS?”
“What is clitoris?”
“You know Blitney Spears?”
“You lesbian sleep with Mah - donna?”
“You make porno movie, please?”
Normally such sexually charged questionin’ would not faze me at all, but these geeks had an entirely repulsive effect on me. Ah jumped up from my chair an’ tried for the door, but my foot wuz shackled to the leg of the desk.
Lousy creepy Burmese assholes!
Ah couldn’t help myself an’ started cryin’ as ah wrenched it as hard as ah could an’, Lord Almighty, then the desk’s leg broke off, so ah scrambled for the door.
The students wuz all shoutin’ as ah turned into the corridor. Ah didn’t get very far, though, coz a hand clamped over my mouth an’ pulled me into the empty classroom next door.
The owner of the hand whispered into my ear an’ ah never before felt so happy to hear a high falutin’ Californian accent.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 29.
Leo.

Well, the right time came; just as I knew it would. We’d arrived at some kind of school or college after our long journey and they told us, in crap English, that we were to be given a long-overdue breakfast. The girls on either side of me had brightened up a fair bit by then, we all having been given hefty doses of speed via the cannulas we all had secured to our arms. I no longer felt like I was handcuffed to two dead weights.
But first they pulled us out of the trucks and lead us into a stainless steel shower block (some of the less alert, i.e. more stoned, girls were taken aside to another building).
For a second I thought they were going to gas us like prisoners in a World War 2 Auschwitz Nazi concentration camp. For another second I thought I was going to live every male American dude’s fantasy: showering with nine naked young blonde chick - even if they were all tripping on speed. Then the lousy bastards grabbed me and released me from the handcuff binding me to the others, only to have it snapped in place over my two, as usual, strategically flexed wrists.
I was then lead alone to a separate shower block where, released again from my cuffs, I washed and dried under the indifferent gaze of a pair of Shan State Army soldiers. They threw a surprisingly fresh and fluffy bath towel at me before thrusting a neatly pressed uniform of grey gabardine slacks, white y-fronts, white singlet, light blue long-sleeved cotton shirt and black military tie into my hands. When I momentarily resisted, the larger of the two raised the butt of his rifle and I had no hesitation he would have struck me with it had I not made a quick reassessment of my predicament. The clothes felt weird after the two weeks I’d spent since arriving in Thailand in the same drawstring pants or baggy jeans and batik tie - dyed singlet. But, surprisingly, the clothes fitted, as did the black imitation leather shoes. As I reluctantly shaved off my prized goatee clumsily with the electric razor chained to the mirror and regarded my reflection, I realized the outfit made me look like a regular, dweebish, square-like, computer geek. I also regarded, with disappointment, the absence of my dreadlocks - somewhere along the line, whilst doped and unconscious, somebody had given me a quick short back and sides. Then it was back to the girls in a dining hall and a re-attachment of the handcuffs. All the while I was assessing possible avenues of escape but, like, none made themselves apparent. I willed myself to contain my anger for the moment when I would most benefit from it and could channel it into the most productive outlet.
I actually started to feel, like, quite ambivalent about my plight when they brought out the breakfast, cos they brought us Kelklogs cornflakes with real cow’s milk and freshly brewed coffee, followed by bacon, scrambled eggs, fried mushrooms, baked beans and orange juice. A decidedly lavish Western breakfast. It was almost as if they were trying to be decent to us. They undid the hand-cuffs on our right hands before positioning themselves every couple of yards along the breakfast table, which was elegantly set out with white linen and sparkling silverware. Despite the speed, I was feeling pretty damn hungry so I got stuck into it with gusto. After breakfast they took us to a toilet block. Again this presented a problem to my captors, as I was the only male in the group of 10. After a bit of discussion they released me and took me to a male toilet a long distance from the girls at the other end of the building. The Shan soldiers unfastened my cuffs. I shut and locked the door behind me and as I started to take a leak I immediately started climbing up the cistern pipe, all the time trying to direct my stream of urine to splash noisily into; the squat toilet below.
Above the porcelain hole in the ground was a tiny unbarred window and I somehow swung my legs over the window’s transom, turned around, grabbed the window sill and lowered myself down slowly, ever so slowly - no, even slower than that - but not before accidentally covering my hands in my own piss. And skinning my shins in the oh, so slow and laborious process. Finally, I dropped noiselessly into the corridor outside. Seems that although I didn’t need to get out of a pair of handcuffs my skinny build still proved to be an asset!

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 30.
Bayard.

Unbeknownst to Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah, I already had a well-developed interest in Muay Thai kick boxing. Just last weekend I had made a trip to the nearby township of Chonburi to meet an associate of the world famous Katoey kickboxer, Parinya Kiatbusaba (also known as Noong Toom), whom in 1998 rose to fame on national Thai TV for planting a lip-sticked kiss on a defeated opponent. Transvestitism and homosexuality are openly displayed personality traits in Thailand. Men dressed and made-up as very beautiful women are hosts of TV talk shows, live in all-gay housing projects and march in military parades, but Khuu Parinya was the first overtly ladyboy kick boxing champion. And in a country where Muay Thai is considered the ultimate symbol of masculinity, Parinya had become an overnight sensation. Standing 5 foot, 7 inches tall and weighing all of 142 pounds, he was classed as a heavyweight by wispy Thai standards. But now, retired at the grand old age of 23 and having had the full sex change operation, he - or should I say she - was heavily involved in promoting fights. And my associate was even more heavily involved in winning bets made on these rigged fights.
Being an English gentleman more inclined to the genteel sport of cricket (which some wags describe as organized loafing in ridiculously pristine white clothes with incomprehensible time consuming rules), I must admit that Thai boxing bores me a little. Although there is ritual galore, there is little finesse; and the Marquis of Queensbury’s rules, it is not. Muay Thai permits the use of swooping kicks, flying elbows and stinging uppercuts.
Not surprisingly, combatants often end up very bloodied.
It is also the core of Thai military culture, the sport having been derived from 16th century hand-to-hand combat techniques, and the Royal Thai Army remains the sport’s official custodian.
But, while there certainly is a lot of bloodshed, you never seem to see anyone get seriously hurt or laid out cold on the canvas - perhaps because the combatants are all so tiny. There are no 200 kilogram ‘Hulk Hero Hogans’ or steroid-enhanced giants like ‘The Rock Boulder’ competing - or, should I say, acting- in Thailand’s Muay Thai. The fights here are not choreographed as they are in Hollyweird Pro Wrestling, and few of those testosterone-addled monsters would dare step into the ring with a real Muay Thai champion, even though he - or she - may be less than half their gargantuan size. Nevertheless, many foreigners follow this very ritualized sport fastidiously, as if their patronage enhances their own miniscule machismo, confirms their masculinity or defines their ‘reaI man’ status ... somehow. Personally, I deem it all a little Neanderthal.
But, being a student of human nature in all its extremes, I had sought out the best venues - all in the guise of social science research, of course.
I had learnt that Bangkok’s two major boxing stadiums are Ratchdamnoern and Lumphini (right next to Lumphini park). Foreigners are very welcome but times of bouts and ticket prices are, of course, best negotiated by a trustworthy Thai - otherwise the Farang will be severely rorted. There are also numerous Thai boxing bouts staged especially for foreign tourists in resorts such as Phuket and Pattaya, but only a few ‘show’ bouts in Bangkok. Ratchad amnoen stadium is on Ratchadamnoen N ok road (which to me sounds like a nasty urinary tract infection), which is also, co-incidentally, located near the Tourism Authority of Thailand office. Lumphini stadium is on Rama IV road, just past Withayu/ Wireless road. Tickets vary from 220 baht up to 1200 baht for a ringside seat at the best fights.
The best atmosphere, however, is in the cheaper seats, as this is where the Thai fans will mostly go - go berserk that is! The ringside seats are basically reserved for tourists - the locals preferring not to get the combatants’ sweat, spittle and blood on their clothes. My research was so thorough I can now recite the timetables. Bouts take place on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday (all at 6.00 pm) and Sunday (2.00 pm) at Ratchadamnoen. At Lumphini, they are on Tuesday (6.30 pm), Friday (6.30 pm) and on the weekends (5.00 pm and 8.30 pm). People serious about seeing authentic Muay Thai boxing should avoid the Sunday shows at Ratchadamnoen, which aren’t proper bouts but really just practice matches - virtually tourist shows. You will also sometimes get touts claiming all but the most expensive seats are sold out, but this is rarely true - the cynical Farang should go to the counter and find out for himself. There is another stadium at Rangsit (not so far from Don Muang airport), but this not in a very convenient location for most tourists - unless they need a rush of adrenaline before their mind - numbing flight back home. But I actually didn’t even need to go to Bangkok, is (Chachoengsao had its own well patronized boxing stadium which often hosted serious, although frequently rigged, bouts between the locals and combatants from nearby Chonburi. My contacts had kindly kept me informed of the expected outcomes and how to place my bets.
Interestingly, I’ve had some keen Thai boxing fans en- me as regards the progress in other countries of this Siamese sport. England’s Ronnie Green is rated on a par with the best of the Thai fighters, and two Dutch boxers, Ivan Hippolyte and Ramon Decker, are well respected by the Thais themselves. Indeed, Hippolyte was the first foreigner to win a Lumphini belt in Thailand.
My main interest, of course, being a devoted and self-conserving pacifist, was not with the pugilism but with a regular rendezvous with a certain Burmese military gent about a top secret matter of chicanery we had hatched.
The General was a man who liked to gamble (when the odds were pre-determined in his favor) on the outcome of Thailand’s national sport. While it was no exigency for the rummy fellow to travel from Upper Burma to Chachoengsao in his private jet, I could not pass the check-points with the impunity he enjoyed, so this assignation seemed the obvious solution.
The General’s reputation preceded him - he was a man who inhabited the privileged and perilous world of South-East Asian entrenched villainy - and I intended to treat him with the utmost respect. General Aung was said to have an evil streak believed to be the result of the loss of his left eye in a government sanctioned medical experiment in 1992. A patch, rumored to be the tanned hide of the wayward surgeon, covered the gaping hole. I figured he should be easy to find in the teeming mass of the Muay Thai boxing match audience.
I was wrong. As it happened, I didn’t even have to look for him. My arrival was instantly signaled to him by one of the men on the door and his henchmen effortlessly separated me from Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah before I could even mumble my rehearsed excuse for dumping her.
But for some reason I was quite anxious about this meeting. I was either heading deeper into a Thai hell or beginning my long, slow crawl to the surface. I sincerely hoped it was the latter ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 31
General Aung.

This was my first face-to-face meeting with our English man on the inside and I had to determine just how dependable - or expendable - he really was. I was dressed in everyday civilian clothes, but with Rayed Ban reflective aviator sunglasses on to hide my sunken eye socket and I did not for a moment expect him to locate me unaided. Rather, my lackeys had no trouble finding him and guiding him to my private, sound-proofed box at the top of the stadium. My persona here was a successful importer and exporter; which, of course, was perfectly true except for the exact nature of the - ahem - ‘commodities’ I trade in. Pui, our delightful ladyboy waitress who had returned from Bangkok to Chachoengsao for this special occasion, confirmed his identity by nodding an inclination of assent in my direction. He, in turn, tipped his hat to her in true English style.
I launched into some small talk, knowing full well the answers I would get. Nevertheless, he proved an amusing and convincing conversationalist. I always value encounters such as this with native English speakers.
“Good morning, Ajarn Bayard. How are you today?”
“I am in the best of health and the finest of spirits, thank you, General Aung. Indeed, everything is going swimmingly. And I trust you are in rudely good health yourself today?”
“Yes, yes, of course. Please excuse the questions but I must be sure of some things about you before we proceed any further in person. You are aware of the saying “Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none”, from “All’s Well That Ends Well”, act 1, scene 2?”
“Most certainly, General, and may I take this opportunity to commend you on your knowledge and mastery of the Bard’s work.”
This teacher was just the kind of man the new Burma needed, I thought to myself: well mannered and obviously well read. The following was a pre-rehearsed exchange that only the real Bayard Q. Threeplewood Esq. could have been aware of, having been slipped an envelope by Pui during their hotel encounter in Chachoengsao, but by now I was quietly confident he was no undercover police officer or SPDC imposter. Still, the procedure had to be adhered to:
“What is your work, Ajarn Bayard?”
“I shout at Thai teenagers.”
“Why do you do that?”
“To learn them to speak the Queen’s English proper.”
“Excellent, excellent!” I nodded my satisfaction to the Katoey, who barely managed to suppress a look of relief and smug contentment. Ajarn Bayard had completed the password test perfectly. Confident in our man on the ground, so to speak, I discontinued the identity verifications, such as they were.
“Would you like a drink, Ajarn Bayard?” I asked.
“Actually, I think I could do with some spiritual enlightenment right now, General.”
“Oh, are you a religious man?”
“No, I just happen to like Thai whisky.”
And with the formalities of the introductions over we began the far more serious discussions about financial remuneration.
Six bottles of whisky and twelve cigars later, and well after the bouts had concluded and our winnings had been collected, my staff drove the now inebriated Ajarn Bayard to the tiny Chachoengsao airport and strapped him in to one of my nondescript private aircraft for his northbound flight.
My only concern was about his Thai girlfriend, who left the stadium as soon as we grabbed him. She didn’t look like a stupid bargirl and that could mean trouble, unless she really was just a desperately single 35 year old Rajabhat teacher who had fallen for a man with considerable foreign charm and charisma. She may quite possibly benefit from some lessons in keeping her mouth shut and not asking any questions. Even Rajabhat Ajarn can benefit from, shall we say, post-graduate training ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 32.
Keowah.

We met at the Chachoengsao boxing stadium, as arranged, and I could tell immediately that something had irrevocably changed between us. His mood was noticeably different. This was our fourth meeting since the drunken night at the riverside restaurant. Two lonely nights after our seafood dinner I surprised him at his condominium.
l had followed him home from the Rajabhat the evening before and bribed the security guards to let me in that following evening.
I was dressed in a black negligee and stilettos. Naturally, he was shocked when he opened the door and saw me reclining on his sofa, but the surprise was a pleasant one, I gathered, from the speed with which he disrobed.
We had touched, tentatively at first, so very, very gently. From the moment we entered the solitude of his up-stairs bedroom, which he carried me to confidently in his manly albeit skinny arms, I felt totally at ease. He caressed me as if he was exploring a living work of art. Each passing moment of sensuality seemed to reveal another layer of this fascinating Farang. It seemed as if a new carnal discovery awaited every touch.
At one point our gazes locked and I felt as if my very soul had been penetrated, violated even, by this stranger from another country. Finally, he did penetrate me, and afterwards we drifted off together in deep, blissful post-coital sleep.
The next morning I awoke well before him and left - not before thoroughly cleaning his apartment down-stairs - without disturbing his peaceful slumber. I again tipped the guard and went about my business at the Rajabhat as if nothing had happened - although I was feeling confident that something very important had happened. I felt that the foundations had been laid for something lasting and worthwhile.
The second and third times were what they call in Australia ‘quickies’ in which we locked the doors of the English staffroom and rutted like animals on Ajarn Bayard’s desk. Then, satiated and spent, we went to our respective classes with ear to ear grins on our faces.
But now, at the boxing stadium, he seemed a million miles away, his eyes scanning the teeming audience like a hawk. And then suddenly he was gone.
And somehow I knew that he had not been swept away by the milling crowd accidentally. He had deliberately stranded me in this altar to machismo and un-bridled testosterone in a move designed to convey his sudden complete and utter disinterest in me. Dismayed, I screamed, “I - heeah!” at the top of my lungs, which means ‘Filthy monitor lizard’, a Thai insult on par with ‘cocksucker’. But he was nowhere in sight, let alone earshot.
He was gone. Gone, as if he had planned all along to if abandon me here in the least hospitable of environments for a lone woman. If it were possible to weep broken glass I think I would have. But my tears were just salt and I wiped them away trying to keep some small measure of my pride intact.
I knew intuitively that it was I, as usual, not he, who was lost, and though I understood completely that his stranding me here was part of his cowardly plan, I nevertheless sensed that there was something else quite strange afoot motivating him toward his less than heart-felt feelings.
It appeared my initial surprise at his interest in boxing was justified. I mean, Ajarn Bayard is no ‘man’s man’.
A chess tournament, I would expect. Poetry readings, perhaps. But Muay Thai boxing ... it just didn’t seem to ring true. A heartfelt letter with yellow roses or an un-announced change in telephone number would have conveyed the same cruel intention, perhaps, but I had the feeling he came here with a separate agenda to that of bidding me farewell.
Perhaps I should have trusted my instincts when I first met him at the airport and never have even let him come to Chachoengsao; so much of this embarrassing trauma and loss of face would have been avoided. Bayard was, after all, Farang kee aok. But in the final analysis all that mattered was that the lousy I - heeah was simply letting me go ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 33.
Candy.

He said, “Shh, don’t make a sound, dude, I’m gonna get us all outta here,” an’ he released his hand from my mouth, which wuz a relief coz it smelt pretty bad. Like he’d pissed on it or somethin’. Ah turned around an’ saw this skinny little white boy with short blonde hair an’ wearin’ nerdy clothes just like the students. He smiled at me kinda nervous like.
“Hey. My name’s Leo. I’m from California. Where are you from?”
“Ah’m Candy. Ah’m from Texas. Do you know what’s goin’ on here?”
Just then ah heard the door open an’ a ‘whoosh’, an’ suddenly Leo wuz lyin’ unconscious on the floor. Ah looked up an’ there wuz that funny-looking Westerner fella standing over him. He wuz still wearing a monocle in his eye an’ holdin’ a fancy walking stick. He looked me up an’ down like ah wuz a piece of meat on display and said somethin’ to the Burmese General dude who wuz runnin’ in behind him. The wheezin’ military dude’s face wuz a bright shade of red an’ he wuz screamin’ what ah guessed wuz Burmese swear words at me. The guy with the monocle spoke to him in a soothin’ manner. His voice rose an’ fell in what sounded suspiciously like perfectly controlled an’ fluent modulation of the Burmese tones before referrin’ to me in a very upper-class English accent as if ah wuzn’t worth a piece of shit. Three other Burmese soldiers rushed in; each carried a 5.56 mm version of the German G-3 assault rifle. How do ah know that? Well, Jethro wuz a gunfreak an’ he had a collection of Nazi imitations an’ other European guns, that’s how ah know.
Thinkin’ of Jethro brought me back to reality real quick an’ ah wondered if ah wuz ever gonna see him again. Ah really wished we wuz back home together in our trailer an’ that none of this had ever happened, as borin’ a life as it wuz.
“Well, well, well, Ajarn Candy and Ajarn Leo!’ he said in his smarmy British accent. “General Aung has offered some curmudgeonly sentiments but l have persuaded him that although it appears some of our guests are trying to do a runner, so to speak, it’s all a misunderstanding over the lack of MTV in your recreation room. He has agreed to install it immediately.”
He grabbed my face in his hand an’ held my jaw tight, just like the bad guys in the old movies do, an’ whispered menacingly.
“Didn’t feel like paying your bill, hmm? Well, that’s just too bad because you are not permitted to depart until the authorities, myself and General Aung here, are convinced you are leaving no debts and constitute no threat to Burmese national security. And, as neither of you have passports and are not the subjects of diplomatic concern, well, let’s just say that you’ll be our guests and employees here for a very long time.”
Ah let out a sob as the significance of what he wuz sayin’ sunk in. Leo, still lyin’ prostrate on the floor, began to stir an’ the General guy held him down heavily with the sole of his shiny brown jackboot. The General wuz livid- spittin’ mad at the attempted escape- an’ ah thought he wuz gonna start kickin’ that little Californian boy, but his Farang accomplice settled him with a raise of the eyebrow above his monocle.
“How ... how do you sleep at night?” ah asked, in shock ah guess, as ah lost my breath with great heavin’ sobs of despair.
“Between two beautiful young Thai women is my preferred manner”
The silly English twit seemed to enjoy his joke for a moment before affectin’ a fake tone of sincerity:
“Now, now, don’t fret, Ajarn Candy. You, Ajarn Leo and the others will all be looked after handsomely.
You will want for nothing. Indeed, everything you came to Thailand for will be provided to you here in Burma in abundance. Exotic food. Cultural exchange. Wonderful tropical weather. Beautiful young partners of whatever gender you prefer. And, of course, all the drugs you desire. Plus the chance to be involved in a truly historical revolution in the Shan people’s quest for self-determination in the affairs of Burma. Now it’s not so hard to enjoy that kind of lifestyle and you may as well co-operate. After all, there is no escape. So, as you can see, it’s back to the classrooms for you two.”
Then the General piped up, seemingly keen on gettin’ the last word in, an’ utterin’ a laugh of the variety usually described as mirthless, said:
“Courage and comfort, all shall yet go well.”
What a pair of fuckin’ creeps.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 34.
Bayard.

I really liked Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah, but the last thing I needed was for her to see me with General Aung, even  I though it was extremely unlikely she would recognize him. But I couldn’t be too careful. Around these parts, murder is seen as a legitimate means of career advancement and I had no doubts the good General would disapprove of a nice, law-abiding Thai girl like Ajarn Keeoohwaa - aah knowing anything at all about our meeting, but I needed her to be visually identified by the General, although not introduced, of course, so as to indicate my need to protect her if required in the future. He needed to know that she was of importance to me and that she was ... one person I would not tolerate being a victim of, shall we say, collateral damage.
Ajarn Keeeohwaa-aah was wearing a dress I wouldn’t dare even attempt to describe, so ravishingly well did become her, and that certainly made it no easier to do what I had to do, which was to make her somewhat less besotted with me. Besides, she was already talking about kids - admittedly while she was drunk at the seafood restaurant. I jokingly asked her, “Why do you want kids? They’re bound to grow up. Settle for me- I’ll never grow up”. She peered at me with another of those ‘Looks’ - the one that says ‘You are an idiot, a moron and probably an imbecile as well’. And, in a way, she was right. Settling down and starting a family was something I actually did long for; a yearning pressed and pulsing deep down beneath my current motivations. But at this stage in my business dealings the vicissitudes of life provided too much uncertainty for starting a family to be a serious option. There’s no crime like the present.
But, when I was the proprietor of a successful private language school and the only English teacher in Chachoengsao driving a Rolls Royce, things would change. Of this I was certain.
For a moment I tried to make sense of my so-far-very lucrative experiences in Thailand and Burma. I consoled myself with the thought that I was no different to any other man who wanted a new, improved life; an escape from the drudgery of one’s past; a chance for prosperity and comfort.
So, all right, men like we tear down beauty to plant lies in its place. Lies are so much easier to grow and maintain. They can sprout money like leaves. But, like a parasitic worm, I had been eyeing the exquisite beauty of the rose bush that was Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah and I knew, no matter how much I hated the thought, that if I tried to truly and honestly embrace her beauty at this point in time the truth would gnaw at her roots until   until she withered.
I often wondered what it would be like to ‘gnaw’ at her lips in a deep, probing kiss that held absolutely no secrets, no lies, no deceptions, no sophistries. But I couldn’t stop myself from wondering how it would feel to watch her if, upon her learning about the real Bayard Q. Threeplewood Esq., General Aung would be forced to uproot her. If he felt it necessary to the success of his projects lu- would not hesitate to make her wither and disappear, ull that I felt certain. If he had any doubts about where her loyalties lay he would promptly make her fall like an unwanted noxious weed. And, with a laugh like waves breaking on a stern and rocky coastline, he would enjoy it. That would not be a pleasant outcome for us. She doesn’t deserve that and I certainly don’t want that to happen. Therefore, I knew that things must cool down between us ...
But if she was as smart and obsessed with me as I suspected, she would not want to learn too much and, thus, we would all benefit. As the old Aussie teacher Harry Bourke had assured me, she really was a nice girl. This temporary heartbreak would mend and she was well worth waiting for. The healing process would eventually run its course. She need know nothing about my current Burmese connection. We could still one day start our own Chachoengsao language school, which, to all outward appearances, would be hugely profitable. They say that a woman who really loves you will care for you in sickness and in health - or at least as long as it takes for you to make out a will. But I knew intuitively that Ajarn Keeowaa  - aah had more honorable principles.
Nevertheless, a man has a dark side for a reason; it’s because it’s not meant to be explored and the longer you stay there the harder it gets to find your way out, so I was already considering a timeframe for this enterprise. One war at the most, during which period she need not be shown the entrance to my innermost labyrinthine workings at all lest she be caught in one of its many potential dead ends. Best for her to turn her attentions to the safer and more easily accomplished tasks, like teaching English to Rajabhat students, until I had established myself financially.
Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah would be my Than fai kuo, which loosely translates as ‘partly burnt charcoal’ and refers to an old love whose fire can be very quickly re-kindled when a spark is eventually struck again. With the resignation of a Russian peasant regretfully tossing his infant child to a pursuing pack of arctic wolves, I resolved to temporarily pass her over. One day, I knew, I would be able to once again strike the spark that would make her happy. And her sick buffaloes too - no matter how many she had or what form they took.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 35
Pool Boy.

They never tell my Karen name - just call me Pool Boy. Not remember parents. General Aung is father now. Look after me good for clean swim pool and jigajig for English lady teachers who teach me some little English, but most I talk Burmese with Shan State Army soldiers. Soldiers very stupid I think. Teachers very lucky I think. Here in Mt. Popa compound many Karen boys and girls work - all orphans - for teachers to be friendly with. Teachers get to take very much opium and Ya ba. Teachers get to choose favorite food from compound cafeteria. Or can swim in Burma sunshine. Or can exercise in fitness room. I must exercise every second day to look like muscleman, ha ha!
Mostly English teachers just sleep all day until they must teach English lesson one time every day. I must to wake up early every day to inspect swim pool, not matter how I feel. Once was a drown English teacher who bribe soldier for night swim but too much heroin so I must to scoop out body. All day except in rain

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 36.
Keowah.

I caught a glimpse of Ajarn Bayard just as I was leaving the boxing stadium. He was high up in a private booth with some very important-looking businessmen, men whom my intuition told me were merely well-dressed thugs, and - that very beautiful Katoey.
Now, to be spurned for another woman is bad enough, - but a Katoey! After sleeping with me, making me the butt of idle Rajabhat office gossip and generally leading me on, this treachery demanded serious revenge; Thai-style.
No, I wasn’t going to cut off his genitals and feed them to the ducks - that could get you a (short) prison sentence. There were other ways I could ruin life for him in Thailand.
Basically, I could get his employment contract terminated for misbehavior - no questions asked. Farang teachers may make up to five times our salary but they lack the ability to use the inter-office gossip machine to their advantage. In Thailand, the truth is a fluid concept. And there was always another Farang willing to take the recently terminated native English speaking teacher’s place.
Last year, one Australian teacher made an innocent but disparaging remark about the Australian university where the head of the English department was studying for her PhD. He actually disagreed with her statement, in the presence of other Thai teachers, that her alma mater was the most prestigious university in Australia.
“No,” he said, “The University of Sydney is number one, followed by - or perhaps on a par with - the University of Melbourne. Then there’s the University of New South Wales, the Australian National University and with your university somewhere around the middle of maybe thirty Australian universities.”
Whether this was true or not was irrelevant - he had made her lose considerable face in the company of her subordinates. What’s more, he kept asking her to repeat herself whenever she spoke in English, as if her English was unintelligible to his native ear.
What did the head of the English department do?
Well, first she concocted a complaint that he had been seen throwing a spoon at a student in the Rajabhat cafeteria. Totally fictitious, of course, but it got the desired effect: furious indignation and loss of temper by the Farang whenever the alleged incident of violence was mentioned.
Such acts of angry outbursts are unforgivable in the smiling Thai culture. He was losing face fast. And the head of the English department was gaining ammunition against him.
Then she posted a thread about the complaint, under his name, on the popular website for Farang teachers in Thailand, www.ajarnteacher.com, where she made disparaging remarks about the Rajabhat. Making deleterious comments about the Rajabhat or the monarchy were clearly listed as reasons for instant dismissal in the Farang’s employment contract.
These postings were brought to the attention of the Rajabhat president. That very day the Farang’s contract was terminated. No attempt was made to hear his side of the story. There is no union for Farang English teachers in Thailand. His enraged spluttering and ranting denials only supported the Thai teacher’s opinions that he was not an asset to the Rajabhat. Word was put out to other Rajabhat and schools and he left Thailand never to be seen again.
But I never got a chance to wreak this kind of revenge on Ajarn Bayard. After that day at the boxing stadium he disappeared without a trace, confirming my suspicions about him being mixed up in some kind of skullduggery.
This and his contemptible treatment of me elicited no sympathy. Instead, I hoped his replacement would be a little more normal and ‘culturally adaptable’.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 37.
Candy.

They don’t let us read no English newspapers or watch TV, but we have plenty of DVDs an’ books in the rec room. There’s an exercise room with treadmills, bikes an’ weights: just like a regular health club, There’s a non-stop buffet in the dining room an’ it ain’t just Asian food: there’s hot dogs an’ french fries an’ salads an’ ice cream!
Plus there’s the swimmin’ pool an’, of course, my only real non-classroom friend, Pool Boy, who is sooo cute!!!
He’s very gentle an’ soft-speakin’ an’ he’s got the greatest ass! Don’t know what his real name is but he is so sweet an’ it’s kinda fun teachin’ him English.
Everyday starts pretty much the same: the blinds are pulled up at dawn an’ the door to the women’s dormitory is unlocked. A Burmese maid comes in an’ cleans the bathroom, which is sometimes stinky with vomit, coz some of the girls still can’t handle the pure heroin; even after what must be at least six weeks here. Ah don’t really spend much time with the other girls: as soon as they let us out ah usually head for the pool to have a cigarette with Leo. Natch, he’s only interested in whisperin’ about escapin’, but lately he’s been sleepin’ in with his Burmese girlfriend an’ hasn’t been showin’ up every morning. So ah got to talkin’ with Pool Boy. Well, it kinda started off as a kinda mutual language lesson. He taught me some Thai and ah taught him some English. You know, the Thai language ain’t so hard as long as you’re careful about the tones.
Anyway, next to the dining room is a clinic where a nurse will look up your chart to find out when you’re teachin’ a class next. If you don’t have a class you can choose either a hit of speed or a hit of smack in the mornin’.
But if you have a class that day you can only have speed.
You get a maximum of three visits to the clinic a day an’ you can kinda experiment whether you want to spend the day sleepin’ on heroin or buzzin’ around the compound on speed. Or a bit of both. Then at night, just before they lock us into the dorm at 11, they give us each a couple of sleepin’ pills in a little plastic cup with a pitcher of iced water to take in with us. Or we can have chamomile tea. Or warm milk. And the beds are changed every day with a little yellow flower layin’ on the pillow so it’s just like a swank hotel in a way. You get so you hardly even notice the guards.
Still, Leo an’ ah were always on the lookout for a way out. Coz he wuz so keen on gettin’ out an’ back to his Thai girlfriend, ah started cuttin’ down on the heroin a little. Coz ah wuz feelin’ pretty straight at times ah started a little English club with Pool Boy, an’ a few of the hunkier Burmese officers, after my class. They weren’t constantly askin’ me questions about sex no more an’ were actually gettin’ quite good at English. It wuz kinda fun.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 38.
Cheryl.

I woke up feeling groggy. Groggy, that is, from the hospital medication that was being slowly fed into my right arm by an intravenous drip. I instinctively felt that I had i somehow been rescued - or released - from my night-mare experience on heroin. I have always been allergic to opiates - it says so quite plainly on the medic-alert bracelet I always wear. Unfortunately, the bracelet is not s inscribed in Thai. I spent a few days in a private Bangkok hospital under Australian Embassy Police guard, during which time I was interviewed by the Thai Tourist Police and shown several hundred mug shots - some of which I was able to identify (especially the transvestite who had first befriended me). Fortunately, I was also able to remember- despite the delirium induced by my allergic reaction to the heroin - some Thai person talking about visiting a temple called Wat sothon. Eventually I was I met by a high ranking representative of the Australian Embassy, released and checked into the Oriental Hotel. A very nice change from the backpacker’s hostels I had been staying in while traveling around South-East Asia, that’s for sure!
The Aussie Embassy provided me with an emergency passport and a first-class ticket back to Melbourne and after my Thailand ordeal, I couldn’t have felt happier about returning to the mundane but safe world of my home town.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 39.
Leo.

lf I can escape once, I can escape again - this time properly. I’ll take that Candy chick with me - I’ll need someone to, like, collaborate my allegations with the Thai authorities.  Besides, I think we kinda connected on a, well, you know ...
Then again, she did seem to be spending a lot of time with the skinny brown guy who had great abs and looked after the swimming pool. Who could blame her- or anyone for that matter - for not being too keen on escaping? Sometimes this place seemed more like a luxury resort than a prison.
But I was desperately missing my Boo and I wanted out.
So, I waited. And ‘taught’ English in my own, well, inimitable fashion. For example:
Student: “Hello, how are you?”
Me: “None of your business, you stupid asshole.”
Another favorite lesson plan of mine was based upon assigning the students an English nickname:
Student: “Good morning, my English nickname is Sadman Insane.”
Me: “Pleased to meet you, Sadman. You know, you look like a real cocksucker.”
No one in charge seemed to notice, or care. They had a blonde, blue-eyed English teacher and that’s all that really mattered.
Candy, on the other hand, seemed to be giving in. She was obviously the perfect candidate for this kind of, like, clandestine English teaching operation; she had a high dependence on and seemingly insatiable desire for drugs.
She almost seemed to be fitting in. She was so happily wasted when I spoke to her alone in the ‘lounge room’ while The Eagles ‘Hotel California’ repeated unceasingly with The Beatles ‘Let it be’ on the bolted down stereo - why, oh, why couldn’t they find some decent music. I know they don’t want to play ‘black’ music like 50 Centavo or Tupacked. But surely they could get some pirate CDs of Eminem. He’s white. I’d even settle for those nice short-haired Metallica boys. Well, at least they weren’t playing that nobody Justin Timberpuddle, you know, the one who couldn’t take Brittney’s virginity and tries to be the Caucasian Michael Jackson. But I digress ...
I told Candy to stay alert as I was planning, like, another escape. She said it had better be after she had had another hit of speed and asked if I could organize some supplies for the trip. I told her to just think about waking up one morning soon and knowing all this was a distant memory. But I agreed to stockpile some drugs for our escape.
Not a bad idea of hers, that - who knows how long it would take us to get to the Thai border before she, and possibly me as well, started going seriously cold turkey.
The thought of escape was constantly playing through my mind. I became a fanatic; someone who can’t change his mind and won’t change the subject. Of course, the only person I could converse with on the subject was Candy and, on her non - teaching heroin days, she nod, nod, nodded to anything I said.
Anyway, after about two weeks of careful, like, surveillance while pretending to be toeing the line - which wasn’t so hard considering they’d provided me with a gorgeous 17 year old Karen girl to keep me company and the drugs were absolutely primo - I began to discern a regularity in the arrival and departure of supply trucks. It was only a two-man operation. One would arrive with general supplies: food, pretty little concubines for the general, unprocessed opium, ephedrine, etc., and then leave the next day empty. Meanwhile a second 4WD truck would arrive empty and leave filled to the roof with blocks of heroin and speed. This one, I guessed, was destined for the Thai border. This was the truck that Candy and I wanted to stow aboard on.
We actually managed to steal some ampoules of heroin and speed from the dumb-ass military nurses and started to reduce our intake of our daily dosages by carefully pricking a hole in the drip tube and letting it spill onto the bed sheets. The nurses complained about our growing ‘incontinence’ but were otherwise unsuspicious.
We were slowly weaning ourselves off the shit, although Candy wasn’t entirely convinced of the sanity of this approach. But I knew we’d need to be alert when we made our run for it.
One afternoon, after they had started letting the trusted ones into the grounds for exercise, we managed to convince the officials to unshackle the by now well-trusted Candy’s cuffs and stroll around with me unguarded.
They still didn’t trust me, however, but that didn’t matter: I was pretty sure my cuffs were loose enough to, like, squeeze out of when the time came. Then, surprisingly, one of the other captive teachers tried to make a futile run for the perimeter fence and the drivers of the soon-to-depart 4WD truck were distracted by the ruckus. We managed to slip into the back of the supply truck, which was only three quarters full of speed and heroin bricks, and hide ourselves behind them.
Eventually, after the ruckus had died down, the doors were slammed shut - but not, thankfully, locked air-tight - and the truck took off with a lurch that sent Candy and I sprawling. Every bump and shudder from the overloaded suspension sent an angry pulse up my sciatic nerve as the truck sped along the red laterite gravel track and the effects of that morning’s dose of heroin began to, like, wear off. A tiny window gave us a view of the passing country as brown faces flashed past in the green for hours on end.
Night began to fall as we passed squat old frame and thatch houses lit by bare bulbs. We each snapped open an ampoule of speed and downed it, having long since ripped out the cannulas from our arms. Soon we were as alert as could be and we both craned, cheek to cheek, to peer out the tiny window, looking for some indication of our whereabouts.
Finally, I made out a sign saying ‘Burma / Thai Border’ in the moonlight and I knew that this was the moment we had been waiting for. When the border guards did their cursory glance inside we leapt out and immediately started shouting;
“American Embassy!” and, for added effect, “Amnesty, amnesty!”
Fortunately, there was a bunch of Thai soldiers and police hanging around, smoking Krung Thiep cigarettes.
“Ajarn, khrap?” one asked.
“Khrap, khrap! Khun phut phasua Angkrit? Do you speak English?”
One of the police officers, an overweight, middle-aged cop dressed in brown and with a tremendously hairy mole on his chin, came instantly to life and jumped to attention.
“Yes, of course, but we were not expecting this very much. You must tell us how to find the Burmese compound. By way, I am Sip Eak Taowetsuwan - Senior Sergeant of Chachoengsao Royal Thai Police. Would you like cup coffee?”

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 40.
Sip Eak Taowetsuwan.

I had called Krung Thep DEA officials about observation of Ajarn Bayard and strange man with many body-guard at boxing stadium. Our description fit that for General Aung of Shan State Army. Ajarn Harry immediately called in sick to Rajabhat and is flying me and his very old Huey helichopper to Mae Sai. He knowing that place like the front of his hands very much. I waited for their instructions from DEA to what do next.
Then, very lucky, two Americans who been kidnapped by Shan State Army jumping out of truck and shouting tor American Embassy.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 41.
Harry.

Not many people knew my walking frame was no more than a theatrical prop. Certainly no Thai civilians were aware of this. Or that I had my own chopper, salvaged and lovingly restored from the Vietnam / Laos conflicts in the 70s. It was hidden on my 48 Rai (7.68 hectare) property ten kilometers out of town. My twenty years in the Royal Australian Air Force not only provided me with a nice military pension but also enabled me to maintain contact with the American Drug Enforcement Agency. Australia and America were then very close allies and remained so in the twin wars against drugs and terrorism.
Shit, it got little Johnny Howhard re-elected three times as Prime Minister of Australia and him and ‘Dubbya’ Boosh were the best of mates.
Of course, none of this was listed or updated on my original Rajabhat application CV.
So once again I was behind the joystick of my chopper on official DEA business. My mission: lead an attack on a small Burmese drug manufacturing compound near Tachilek and provide diversion while backup Thai choppers rescued an unknown number of English teachers. I knew this area really well and I was thinking this was so much fun it oughta be illegal! Huh, the only difference between Tachilek and Mae Sai was that in Burma, unlike Thailand, the government made everybody drive on the right hand side of the road - despite most vehicles being right hand drive. A less than subtle snook at the former British colonial rulers. The Burmese drivers the two American teachers had stowed away with had caved in fairly quickly to the Thai style of interrogation/ torture and had spilled the beans on the compound’s location. To avoid Burmese or Shan radar we had to fly in practically at tree level. I went in first with a couple of guided missiles targeting the major buildings, then fired self-aimed rockets at the confused and milling Shan soldiers. Three other Thai personnel choppers followed with heavily armed Thai soldiers rappelling down into the smoking compound. As I circled at a safe distance I noticed them lifting about a dozen or so skinny blonde Farang into the safety of the choppers.
It was all over in five minutes. Then I saw a Shan State Army chopper lifting off from a camouflaged helipad. It looked like a Mc Donnel Douglas MD-530 with a no-tail rotor system. You gotta hand it to the Shan State Army, they had some good equipment. Whoever it was inside the MD-530 was getting away but he had too much of a lead for me to have any chance of catching him.
Anyway, my brief was to simply fly in low, destroy what I could and set up diversionary explosions while the backup Thais did the rescuing. My mission had been completed. Sweet as!
I headed back to the relative safety of Mae Sai and from there to my walking frame and faithful wife back in Chachoengsao. Strike one for Ajarn Harry against the horror of drugs that was so insidiously killing our kids. Mate, this kind of stuff, made you feel good to be alive! I think I might give the good missus an overdue serve of Aussie lovin’ tonight. Just to remind her of who she married!

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 42.
Pui.

The well and truly and very much inadequately camouflage amphetamine factory exploded into the blue flames and white smoke as chopper attack. Another guided missile destroy soldiers quarters. I find Ajarn Bayard try to get dressed before teaching centre caught the fire. His wig was gone and he look funny very much; I almost laugh. His young girl sleeping companions ran straight into jungle over broken walls. Then six Thai DEA agents in the black berets and armed with guns very much broke door down. All l hear is rattle of AK-47 every where. Ajarn Bayard try to make run out the luck door for General Aung private chopper. He grab me using his walking stick to hold me close as the human shield.
But not good. As the bullets pierce my sides I think about my old friend Lek and wonder which was worse; to be dying from noble suicide or from the stupid drugs war. As I fell I manage to make the Wai a nearby statue of Buddha.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 43.
General Aung.

I recalled the words of the Bard: “Have patience, and endure”, from “Much Ado About Nothing”, act 4, scene 1. I’ve escaped unharmed so there’s still considerable hope for the Shan people, as long as there remains a demand for illegal drugs. It’s if ever the West realizes the potential of legalizing and thus destroying any black market that our funds will disappear. And, for that matter, at least half of the crime syndicates in America itself.
But, fortunately, the self-serving, short-sighted Defense Department of America will always manage to divert the country’s taxes away from treatment, counseling and education services, and there will always be their ‘War on Drugs’ to fund our war for self-determination and the control of Burma.
And if democracy campaigner Daw Aung San Suu Kyi can survive all these years of house arrest, a glimpse of freedom, then house arrested again, and continue her struggle, I can survive this. Indeed, she is one of my role models in Burma - despite being a mere woman, albeit a very brave and determined woman - and I will ensure the Shan State Army, a community of equally brave and determined Burmese people, respect her struggle.
But Suu Kyi is able to manipulate the international media far more effectively than my men ever could. She is what they call ‘media savvy’ and does not need English lessons. We have a different platform: warfare. And it is drugs that will help us survive. Thank you, America, for funding our fight. Thank you for your drugs war which keeps us armed with ammunition in our AK-47s.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 44.
Bayard.

Now I knew what they meant when those tawdry paperback novelists write that everything just slows down when you know you’re about to die.
I heard the gunfire before I felt the pain.
I wondered if I could have lived a normal life? Settle down, started an English school with Ajarn Keeohwaa - aah and forgotten about the Rolls Royce and all the other superficial appearance bullshit. Instead, here I was with blood splattered over my silk cravat and jagged tears in my ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 45.
Leo.

I’m finally starting that proofreading business with Boo. Not in Bangkok the way we planned, but in Chachoengsao. She still hasn’t the faintest idea what happened to me while she was visiting her family in Isaan and I have no intention of, like, frightening her with the information. When she called to tell me she was staying longer than expected and would I mind and, of course, there was no answer, she figured the cell phone had been stolen - which it was, probably by that lousy Katoey bitch in the Goldmember bar that got me kidnapped in the first place. I sure didn’t want to explain to Boo why I happened to be there ...
Man, I love that girl. Boo doesn’t play typically twisted Thai mind games with me. She’s not after my money; rather, she wants to make money with me. She even understands my twisted, weird, world-weary humor So I’ll be teaching English there in the Chachoengsao Rajabhat part-time with that old Aussie dude Ajarn Harry as my mentor. He says as a government employee you only have to actually work, like, 170 days a year, what with all the public holidays, long vacations and non- teaching ‘cultural’ or ‘sports’ days.
He even reckons he can teach me to fly his chopper. Getting a license in Thailand is a matter of who you know, not what you know, and it seems ole Ajarn Harry is just the right man to know.
He also thinks, being an American with now extensive and prestigious ‘combat’ experience in Thailand, that I might be able to follow in his footsteps and become a part-time DEA operative. Who would have thought it; me, a narc! Now that would be an unexpected dream come true. I’d been thinking of, like, quitting drugs anyway cos it just wasn’t fair on Boo, especially if we have a kid someday.
Meanwhile he’s busy showing me all the ‘special’ places in Chachoengsao. But we gotta be careful; if Boo finds out she’ll just as likely cut my dick off! Gotta be careful in Thailand - not just about ‘saving face’ but ‘saving dick’ too!

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 46.
Pool Boy.

Explosion attack make people run everywhere very crazy. Then Thai soldiers take me to American Embassy before take me to Karen hill tribe. I meet someone who may she my grandmother. Very different here to Mt. Popa compound. No swim pool. No jigajig with English ladies. But because my good English I get job take English tourists on elephant trip in jungle. I earn baht now and have many Karen friends. Life very good but some-time I think about Khun Candy. Maybe I see her again someday. Not know about next week. Or next month. Only Buddha know.

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 47.
Candy.

After we escaped from Burma, Leo an’ ah wuz looked after by the American Embassy. They got us both new passports an uh got sent back home with a whole bunch of hush money.
Ah never mentioned nothin’ about my original plan to smuggle speed back. In fact, ah went into a private drug Rehabilitation clinic an’ cleaned myself up. An’ Lawd Almighty, ah ain’t never touched no drugs since.  Not even Beer Chang.
Then ah went back to stay with my folks in Texas an’ went back to school. It took a long time but ah finally got my Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate and returned to Bangkok to teach English in a Rajabhat university. Ah actually enjoyed teachin’ Thai kids - they weren’t nothin’ like American kids, who really hate you an’ make you feel like dirt for being a lowly teacher. Those spoilt kids keep on tellin’ you that stoopid ole proverb: ‘Those who can, do. Those who can’t, teach.’ Instead, Thai kids respect Ajarn; they treat you like someone real important.
Maybe that’s what ah needed to feel all along.
Anyways, what Thailand did wuz make me wake up to myself. Ah kinda realized there’s more to life than just getting’ wasted an’ screwin’ an’ doin’ nothin’.
But ah never did see Leo again. An’ ah never did find out what happened to Jethro; not that ah spent any time looking for that kind of low-life loser anymore. Instead, ah caught up with Pool Boy, who has given himself an English name now an’ is studyin’ English full-time here in Bangkok. His grandma keeps on at us to have a baby. Seems she wants a pretty Look khrung kid with pale skin ...

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...


Chapter 48.
Lek No. 33, 816.

I wake up every day feeling sore very much and I miss my Mother. She say to me I go only three months but already five Mother say to me I must repay debt. She say I go to home for birthday Sip ha, but not do. Every time I must work in bar. One time I said I sick. The boss man hit me very much. So every night I give many Farang man Yum Yum massage or sit on. Yum yum massage best. Not hurt. Sit on hurt after four, five man. Not condom. The boss man say only pretty girl can have condom.
I miss mother. I miss Isaan village. Miss fried crickets. Miss my buffalo. I want go to home but cannot.
Tum hai sed.
(The End).

BACK TO THE TABLE OF CONTENTS ...



I Woke Up Feeling Thailand
(Starrs via Smashwords, 2nd Ed., 2012).
###
