

It’s the Apocalypse, Dave
Try to Have Fun.



By: A.R. Wise
Cover image sourced from istockphoto.com
Cover designed by A.R. Wise



Dedicated to all of the fans who’ve stuck with me since the beginning, and all of the fans who just made it to the party. My career, and most of my happiness, are thanks to you.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





1 – The Gas Station Catastrophe



I had thirteen dollars in my pocket, a stack of overdue bills, and a rip-roaring hangover the day the apocalypse started. All in all, not a bad time to hit the reset button on life.
When you hear the word ‘apocalypse’, the first thing that pops in your head is probably meteors falling from the sky, zombies munching on brains, or ancient Aztec prophecies. That’s not the way it happened. Our apocalypse started with a simple news report that I barely paid attention to on my drive to work.
‘Scientists in Hamm, Germany have announced the creation of a metamaterial that was meant to collect positive ions, but might also attract antimatter. The creators say this synthetic material could give us insight into the origin of planets, and answer some questions about gravity that have puzzled physicists for decades.’
That was it. I would’ve forgotten about it entirely if not for how I chuckled at the fact there was a town in Germany named Hamm. The next blurb in the report was about how some reality TV star was suing the makers of his show because they didn’t blur his butt crack. The news about the experiment that would threaten the entire world was breezed past.
You can hardly blame me for not paying attention. I was late to work, and I’d already been written up twice. Over the past couple of weeks I’d smashed my alarm’s snooze button so many times that it finally stopped working, requiring me to actually turn off the alarm to get it to stop. This morning my solution was to pull the clock’s cord out of the wall and throw it across the room. It worked fabulously, and allowed me another hour of blissful sleep that was interrupted by the terrified realization I’d overslept.
I didn’t bother with a shower, and gargled with some mouthwash instead of brushing my teeth. I gave my clothes a sniff test to see if they were clean, or at least smelled relatively clean, and settled on a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt from a recent Faith No More concert. The front of the shirt was emblazoned with massive red text that said, ‘Mother’, and the back had similar letters that said, ‘Fucker’. It wasn’t the ideal work outfit, but at least it didn’t stink. I threw on a hoodie as well, to cover up the bad word on the back of the shirt, leaving people the impression that I was attempting some feminist declaration about how a man could be a mother – or something like that.
I debated whether or not it was too warm out for the hoodie. Any job that hires a guy like me has got to be prepared for the possibility that I’m going to come to work with some inappropriate attire from time to time. My arms are covered in tattoos of skulls and grim reapers, and I’ve got the words ‘Game Over’ tattooed on my knuckles, one letter per finger in a font reminiscent of old school videogames. I’ve got a beard that’s the result of laziness instead of fashionable grooming, my last appointment at Supercuts was four months ago, and most of the time people can pick up the faint smell of weed on my clothes. Long ago I lost the ability to smell it on myself, which is odd considering a person could be taking a hit two blocks away and I still manage to sniff it out.
My hoodie reeked of weed. That’s exactly why I decided to keep it on. I loved the idea of my boss wrinkling his pug nose as he got a whiff of dank every time I passed. Perhaps that’s a good example of my self-destructive, anti-authoritarian streak coming through.
I grabbed my phone on the way out the door, and was about to call work to give them some BS story about how my car wouldn’t start. Unfortunately, the phone’s battery was dead. I’d left it on overnight watching movies. Whenever I get so drunk that the room starts to spin, I like to lay down with my cell phone, and focus on a movie. It helps take my mind off my whirling surroundings, but eats up my battery. Just as well. I didn’t feel like explaining myself on an empty stomach.
My hangover was twisting my gut into knots, and in my infinite wisdom I thought a greasy fast-food bacon, egg, and cheese belly bomb would cure my ills. To counteract the edible poison, I ordered orange juice instead of coffee (you know, for the vitamins), which ended up being another decision I’d come to regret. I’m sure there are lots of people in this world who enjoy swallowing chunks of pulp with their orange juice, but I’m not one of them. I told that lady at the drive-thru, “No pulp,” but apparently they had a quota to meet for screwing up orders, because my juice was packed so tight with pulp I’m surprised there was any liquid in it at all. It was like trying to suck the water out of a cottage cheese container – and I’ll just let that image toy with your gut for a minute. Maybe then you’ll start to get a sense of how my stomach was feeling.
I finished my sandwich, and then crumpled the wrapper. I tossed the greasy paper over my shoulder onto the mountain of similar trash in the back seat. Don’t judge me. The last serious relationship I’d been in ended almost eight months earlier, and I’m a testament to the old adage of how a man is only as good as the woman beside him. If you were hoping for a story about a strong-willed, quick-thinking protagonist with all his shit together then you came to the wrong place. I’m a mess. A proud, lazy, mid-thirties mess with more skeletons in my closet than a mausoleum, and no shits left to give except for the ones headed to the toilet.
My car, Betty Boop (I wish there was a great story behind the moniker of my old Ford Escort, but I just named it that because I had sex with a girl named Betty in it once), chugged along dutifully, spitting out enough blue-tinted exhaust to poison whole neighborhoods. Someone had warned me that blue exhaust was a bad sign, but the car cost me less than four hundred dollars. I’d be damned if I was going to pay for it to get fixed. Betty was the type of lemon where the minute you fixed what was wrong with her, something else broke. Best just to leave her be.
The brakes squealed as I pulled into a parking spot outside of the warehouse where I worked. I saw my friend and coworker, Otis, standing outside waiting for me. That was the first sign of trouble.
He approached the car as I got out. “Hey Dave.” 
Now I knew there was trouble. Otis rarely used my real name. He normally greeted me with a jubilant, ‘Double D’ because both my first and last names start with a ‘D’, and also because he liked referring to me as a big tit.
Otis was an assistant supervisor at the warehouse. Some begrudged coworkers suspected it was an affirmative action appointment, but I knew he got the job because our boss was a sniveling puke of a coward who tried to avoid conflict any way he could. Otis got promoted because of his size, not his skin color. Otis stood somewhere between six and seven feet tall, with shoulders as wide as a fridge, and a chest that put barrels to shame. He was an imposing figure, with arms that dwarfed most men’s thighs, and hands that could palm watermelons. That’s not racist, he really could. I saw him do it once.
“How’s it going, Oatmeal?” I asked with a lighthearted smile as I headed towards the warehouse. I kept trying to get other people to call him ‘Oatmeal’ as well, but the name never stuck.
Otis moved to block my path.
“Don’t tell me,” I said as my shoulders sunk.
“Sorry, brother,” said Otis.
“Let me talk to him. I can change his mind. Trust me.” I looked around the titan in my path, searching for our chicken-hearted employer’s frightened face peering around a corner to watch as his lackey did his dirty work.
“Not going to happen,” said Otis. It would be a mistake to assume Otis was one of those kind-hearted giant stereotypes you see in popular fiction. He was willing and able to deliver a punishing beat down to anyone who deserved it. Even though we were friends, I knew better than to cross him.
“Is it because I’m late?” I asked as I checked the time.
“You’re not being fired,” said Otis, and I could tell by his tone that he knew he was serving up a load of bull. We used to joke about how the majority of his job was what he called ‘shining turds’. The boss would make a crumby decision that negatively affected his employees, and it was Otis’s job to figure out a way to sell it to them. “It’s a lay off.”
“A lay off?”
“Jim got word from the investors that they’re restructuring the department. It’s not just you. I had to let Chris and Jay go too. I’ve been out here waiting for you to show up. We still haven’t turned on any of the equipment today. We’ve just been waiting for your ass. Didn’t you get my calls?”
“Phone’s dead. What about Tony?” I asked about our mutual friend.
“He’s inside. He’s one of the three of us keeping our jobs.”
“Jim’s too scared to come out here and tell me himself?”
Otis glanced over his shoulder to make sure our boss wasn’t eavesdropping. “Of course he is. You know how it goes.”
“Man, this really sucks,” I said. “Is there a severance or anything like that?”
“Not unless you’ve been here a year, so you’re out of luck.”
“What about vacation time? Do I get paid for that?”
“Vacation time?” asked Otis with a smirk. “You ran out, and you used all your sick days.”
“Great.”
“Don’t go feeling sorry for yourself,” said Otis with a characteristic lack of sympathy. One of the things that made him a good fit for his position was how he refused to accept excuses, and didn’t pity anyone. He worked hard, and didn’t have any patience for laziness. Otis had moved here alone to get away from a dark history he didn’t like to talk about back in East St. Louis. We’d become friends because we didn’t know very many other people out here. “You knew you were on thin ice as it was. And then you show up all late like a jackass. What’d you expect?”
“You don’t get to bitch at me, Otis. I don’t work here anymore. Remember?”
“Yeah, all right. Then I’ll bitch at you ‘cause you’re my friend. Stop being a jackass. Go get another job, and try getting to it on time for once in your life. You’re not a kid anymore. Stop acting like one.”
“All right, Dad,” I joked.
“Shoot,” Otis snickered. “If I was your pop, you’d have a size fourteen steel toe shoved so far up your ass…”
“I’m not interested in your weird sex fantasies.”
“That’s not what I heard,” said Otis, continuing our light-hearted banter. “You going home to sulk? Or are you going to get out there and try to find another job?”
“The way my life’s going, I’ll be flipping burgers at noon and back on my ass by five.”
Otis rolled his eyes and said, “Oh brother, give me a break. Quit your belly-aching. You’re a middle class white dude in the suburbs. No matter how tough you think you’ve got it, trust me it could be a whole lot worse.”
“Otis, you suck at pep talks.”
“And you suck at keeping a job.”
He had me there. There’s nothing I hate more than going to work. I wish I had that fabled Midwestern work ethic that my grandfather did, and that I could whistle my way through the drudgery of a work week so that I could try and enjoy life a little on the weekends, but that’s just not me. I abhor every minute that gets wasted in a warehouse, or a kitchen, or a factory chugging along like a cog in a machine that’s making money for the fat cats up top. Of course, the downside to my sort of attitude is that those fat cats are more than happy to bury a shit like me in the proverbial litter box of lower-middle class.
“I’ll give you a call tonight,” said Otis. “Maybe you, and me, and Tony can go out for a drink.”
I laughed and said, “Not unless you guys are buying. I don’t have a job, remember?”
“Water’s free.”
“You could buy me a beer.”
“Nah, I’m not enabling your lazy ass.” He clopped that thick paw of his on my shoulder and squeezed. He meant the gesture as a kind one, but it hurt more than helped. I’m pretty sure he left bruises. “I’ll talk to you tonight.”
I said goodbye, and walked back to Betty Boop, who was still smoking and making an odd clanging noise. I had no idea where to head next, and sat in the driver’s seat as I tried to decide. The hangover headache that’d caused an ever-present throbbing behind my eyeballs had spread to my temples, and I decided the best thing for it was the tallest cup of coffee I could buy. There was a specialty coffee shop down the street, but considering I had to stretch the thirteen dollars in my pocket to near miraculous lengths, I decided it was a gas-station-coffee sort of day.
I drove over to the Kum and Go (which I still think is the worst name for a respectable business I’ve ever heard), and went in to plunder their burned coffee selection, a taste sensation that I’d mask with a zealous helping of hazelnut creamer. The coffee station was set up beside the rotating hot dog rack, and the smell of those sweaty meat sticks made my stomach churn. As poor as I was, I couldn’t fathom resorting to buying a hot dog at a gas station. That was a low I hadn’t yet reached.
“No dogs,” said the Middle-Eastern gas station attendant behind the counter. I looked up at him, befuddled by his declaration. I wondered if he’d read my mind.
“He’s a service dog,” said the woman at the entrance. She was holding the leash of a friendly looking German Shephard. She was an older lady with large, black sunglasses, and a babushka that couldn’t hide a large earpiece attached to the side of her head. I recognized the device as a Cochlear Implant. My ex-girlfriend’s grandmother had one of those attached to her for a while, but had to have it taken out because it caused what they called, ‘Transient Dizziness’. She would get inexplicably dizzy, and fall down from time to time, which made me wonder if the person who came up with the term for the side effect was having a laugh. Why else would you watch someone stumbling and falling down, and decide to name their ailment something synonymous with ‘Drunk Bum’?
The attendant appeared ready to argue with the lady about her dog, but relented in a huff as he went about his business behind the counter. The lady and her dog walked past me on their way to the wall of coolers. I smiled and nodded at the fragile little woman, but either she couldn’t see me or had no interest in pleasantries.
I tasted my coffee, and was satisfied with the excessive sugar to liquid ratio I’d concocted. It looked more like milk than coffee by the time I was done with it. I’m sure gas stations hate patrons like me, who take full advantage of the free creamers and all but erase any profit gleaned from the sale of a half-gallon tub of coffee. I swept the mound of emptied creamers into the garbage, and headed up to pay.
That’s the first time I felt the sensation of what would eventually become known as a ‘rift-buzz’.
The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and a tingling sensation ran down my spine with enough force to cause me to wiggle my hips, as if my body had been invaded by the entirely foreign desire to break into dance. The smell of ozone was pervasive, and it felt like I was moving in slow motion as I began to turn around. My first thought was that the lady’s Cochlear Implant was about to explode and pop her head like a Scanners victim. That was a stupid thing to assume, and was probably a good sign that my fascination with 80’s horror films had gotten out of hand.
There was a quick ‘zip’ sound, and then a muffled pop. The smell of ozone got worse, but there was no explosion. I looked back fretfully, but there didn’t seem to be anything awry.
“What was that?” asked the attendant.
“I don’t know.”
“Did you break something?”
I didn’t answer because my attention was on the service dog trotting into view. It walked unguided along the length of the coolers, and out of my view again. Where was the dog’s owner?
“Did you break something?” asked the attendant again, but I continued to ignore him.
There was a noise coming from near the coolers that I needed to investigate. It was a wet, sloshing sound followed by a low gurgle.
“Ma’am?” I asked, convinced the owner of the service dog had hurt herself. “Are you all right?” The notion that she’d suffered a horrendous implant explosion was still on my mind, and that was a sight I didn’t want to see.
The dog started to bark. It was to my right, out of view, and the wet, slapping sound was to the left as I approached the end of my aisle. The smell of sweaty, day-old hot dogs overcame the pervasive ozone. I set my coffee on the counter and inched closer to the end of the aisle.
“Ma’am?”
I’m not going to lie, I was really freaking scared. The electrical charge that’d sent shivers up my spine had convinced me that something bad was happening, and the barking dog didn’t help either. I searched the corners of the store for a concaved mirror that would reveal what was going on along the coolers beyond my aisle, but there were cameras installed instead of mirrors. I asked again, “Ma’am, are you okay?”
Wet slaps on linoleum answered me. I walked to the edge of the aisle and saw a brown pool of fluid expanding on the linoleum. At first I assumed it was soda, and that the movement I saw within the liquid was carbonated bubbles popping. It wasn’t until I was nearly at the end of the aisle that I realized those weren’t bubbles. They were tiny, writhing worms.
The attendant screamed, “Watch out!”
I assumed he could see what happened to the woman through the cameras, and was trying to warn me. I backed away as the pool of wormy liquid spread. 
A thunderous crash shook the building. Shards of glass careened through the air. I fell against the plastic shield protecting the rotating hot dogs, which subsequently burned the crap out of my arm. I curled into a ball to protect myself as a light fixture broke free of its mount above and fell. The electrical cord stopped the fixture from tumbling onto me, but the fluorescent light bulbs snapped free and crashed down. They exploded into tiny shards of glass and dust, adding to the madness of the moment as I tried to figure out what the hell just happened.
I could smell exhaust, and heard an engine rumbling. When I stood back up I saw that a station wagon had crashed through the front of the store. It would’ve plowed through the aisles and over me if not for a particularly sturdy energy drink cooler that was now tipped on its side against a shelf of crushed chips and beef jerky. Several cans of energy drinks had broken open. They were spinning on the floor, spraying their contents around the store like a series of sugary, guarana-enhanced sprinklers.
“What’s happening?” asked the attendant in a panic as he grasped at the sparse tufts of hair on the side of his head.
The dog started barking again, but I was focused on the crashed car. The radiator had busted, and steam was jetting up, clouding my vision as I tried to see if the driver was okay. I saw movement behind the cracked windshield, but it wasn’t what I expected. My brain couldn’t fathom what I was looking at. There were several quickly snapping cords lashing about within the station wagon. I foolishly wondered if wires in the dashboard had broken free and were whipping around. As stupid as that thought might be, it made a lot more sense than what I was about to discover was really going on.
My first clue that things were about to get weird (as if the brown pool of worms wasn’t enough) was when I saw what looked like an octopus tentacle slap against the inside of the station wagon’s windshield. The white suction cups affixed to the glass just long enough for me to recognize what they were, and then the tentacle pulled away, leaving behind circular marks.
“What the…” I muttered.
I was interrupted by an ear-piercing shriek behind me. I turned, and was shocked to see a humanoid creature in the aisle. I recognized the basic shape of the person. It was the owner of the guide dog, but her body had been twisted and mangled. Her head bobbed to the side, her shoulder and left arm drooping beside it. Her right arm was up in the air and twisted so that it was pointing slightly backward as her hand grasped uselessly. A fleshy, translucent sac filled with brown fluid was growing beside her head, filled with the writhing worms that I’d seen on the floor moments earlier. The sac was ballooning at an alarming rate, and the woman watched it grow on her as if she was just as horrified as I was.
The fluid-filled sac was formed near her neck and chest, and below it her shirt was moving as if a family of squirrels was hiding beneath it, battling with the resilient material to make their escape. The woman gasped in an attempt to say something, but the growths affected her ability to speak. The brown fluid that covered the floor flowed down her chin, dripping like melting gelatin as the little worms swam around within it.
I let loose a litany of curses that would make a lifelong bartender blush. The dog was still barking, and I assumed if he could speak he’d be cursing the same as me.
I grabbed the sugary coffee I’d made for myself, and threw the massive Styrofoam container at the woman. The cup hit her in the bulbous sac and spilled the hot contents all over her face and chest. The sac undulated and hissed before popping, sending a gush of fetid liquid over me. It smelled like someone dunked me in a Porta Potty filled with baby poop.
I staggered back, swiping at the sticky, worm-infested liquid that covered me, and nearly tripped over a spewing can of energy drink as the gas station attendant screamed words in his native tongue that I instinctually knew were curses as foul as my own.
The diseased monstrosity in the aisle was coming at me. The deflated sac flopped around like an elderly porn star’s breast, and now I could see what’d been struggling to free itself of her shirt. There was a creature emerging from the woman. The closest thing I could compare it to would be an octopus, but it had a face full of small, black, pupil-less eyes and multiple rows of triangular teeth that looked like several mouths turned sideways and stacked on top of one another. Tentacles slithered like snakes around the woman’s body, their suction cups tearing at her skin and leaving behind bloody welts. There were red flecks of color along the topside of the tentacles.
Desperation took hold as I floundered in a lake of energy drink and hellish baby/tentacle-monster diarrhea. I reached for the closest thing I could grab to defend myself, which happened to be a box of Slim Jims. I whipped the foot long meat sticks at the creature as it came at me, which had exactly the sort of effect you might expect. The monster’s advance was unfazed by the spicy pseudo-meat. The creature’s mouth opened wide and emitted a piercing screech as the multitude of tentacles stiffened and stretched out at me.
I didn’t have the time (or the dexterity) to get to my feet, so I grabbed the side of the counter and pulled myself across the slick floor like a fat kid desperately trying to make it down the final few feet of a Slip ‘N Slide.
I heard the woman’s feet slapping on the wet floor as she chased me. One of her tentacles wrapped around my ankle and started to pull me back. I reached out for something to hold onto and grasped the edge of the beef jerky endcap. I had ahold of a giant, plastic Slim Jim that was, unfortunately, only attached to the shelving unit by a series of flimsy twist ties. The display piece broke free in my grip, leaving me sliding backward through the grime while holding onto the most useless sword ever conceived.
I turned and whacked at the creature with the plastic Slim Jim, which produced a loud, hollow noise akin to a Wiffle ball bat, but did little to impede the retracting tentacle as it pulled me along. I felt like Lando in search of my blind Han Solo rescue as I slid through the goop on my way towards the gnashing maw of the demonic mutation. The multiple rows of teeth rotated in opposite directions. It was built for shredding and grinding its prey like a food processor. I was about to get juiced in the worst way fathomable.
The guide dog leapt to my rescue and attacked the tentacle that was wrapped around my leg. His teeth punctured the squishy flesh, producing founts of black blood like a Texas oil dike. The tentacle released its grip on me as the monster focused on the poor animal. The dog yelped in pain and shock as the appendage wrapped around his midsection.
I got to my feet, safely out of danger. The dog had earned the demon’s full attention, giving me the opportunity to get the hell out of there. To my shame, for a brief moment I considered bailing on the dog who’d saved my life. Instead, I gripped that Slim Jim Wiffle ball bat with both hands and steeled myself for some foolhardy heroics.
“Hey,” I shouted to get the creature’s attention. “You squid-looking, fetish-porn freak, suck on this.” I speared her with my plastic meat stick with all the ferocity I could muster.
Not my smartest move.




2 – The Fort Knox of Shitters



The Slim Jim proved a useless weapon. It snapped in half almost immediately. I imagined Macho Man Randy Savage yelling out his classic tagline with my giant Slim Jim cracking in half in his grip. I’d thrusted with the intention of hitting the side of the woman where the creature was sprouting, but three tentacles reached up to defend its face. The arms wrapped around the plastic meat stick, broke it in half, and pulled it out of my grip, leaving me staggering forward from inertia.
While my haphazard attack might’ve failed to slay the beast, it did serve to free the dog from the tentacle’s grip. The animal was loose, but wounded and scared. He whimpered at my feet, and then started to growl at the Cronenbergian body horror that’d formerly been his owner. I knew the dog would continue to fight if I let him, so I resolved to get us both out of there as soon as possible.
The dog had a harness on his back that was attached to a handle instead of a leash. I gripped the rubber handle and pulled the dog back. He tried to stand his ground, but I slid him through the gunk along with me. 
The monster roared and flailed its arms as if trying to make itself look bigger than it really was. Then it crouched as if preparing to leap.
I rounded the corner near the felled energy drink cooler and was about to head for the smashed entrance when I remembered one of those tentacle monstrosities had been in the car as well. The gas station was filling with smoke, alerting me to a fire I hadn’t realized had started. I was searching for an escape route when I saw the gas station attendant on the floor nearby, reaching out at me. His eyes were wide, and his mouth was agape as he struggled for breath. The former driver of the wrecked station wagon was standing over the man. The driver’s body was bent in half, the torso leaning back as if his spine had been broken by the demonic creature that emerged from his gut. The creature got down on its knees over the gas station attendant. One of its tentacles was constricted around its victim’s throat, and I watched in stunned terror as the creature lowered its spinning jaws over the man’s balding head.
Blood spurted out as the gnashing teeth turned the man’s head into pulp that was thinner than the orange juice I’d choked down earlier. If I didn’t find a way out of there, I’d share a similar fate.
The smoke was getting dense, and I saw the orange flicker of flame coming from somewhere in the parking lot. I’m not the sharpest blade in the block, but even I know seeing a fire at a gas station is about as good as skinny dipping with piranhas.
The dog was hurt, but had recovered enough to challenge our attacker. He was barking between snarls, his lips curled to reveal his teeth as the monster made it to the end of the aisle. The creature had control of the old lady’s body, and she shambled like a zombie towards me. The only direction I could flee was to the back of the store. I pulled down a nearby candy bar display, sending a wave of chocolate bars into the syrupy mess already on the floor. When I tried to pull the dog along, he fought with me as if determined to stay and fight. He was probably trying to defend his owner from whatever had attached itself to her, but I knew that was a lost cause. 
I hefted the dog into my arms and headed for the back room. He wasn’t happy with me, and whined as he tried to writhe his way out of my arms, but I held on tight as I ran through a pair of swinging doors.
“Stop fighting me,” I said as if the dog might listen.
The back room of the gas station was sparsely decorated. There was a television on a nearby table that was muted. A harried reporter was trying not to cry as she talked, and then the video switched to a live shot of a plane crashing down on a busy highway. The plane vanished in a ball of deep red flame and black smoke. It was dramatic enough to still me for a second before adrenaline snapped me back into my own fight or flight panic (that pun was insensitive, but not entirely unintended).
The swinging door behind me started to open, and I saw the creature coming through. She was shambling about, with tentacles lashing at the air from the cracks in her frame. It was as if the creature inside her had taken control of its host’s motor functions and was forcing her to cart it around. I immediately thought of Krang from the old Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon.
The creature saw me and screeched. I kicked back at the door, slamming it into the creature and knocking it away. I let out a satisfactory yell and flipped off the monster before searching for an exit.
I kicked open the back door as smoke began to fill the air above me. For a brief second I felt like a hero firefighter, busting my way out of a burning building with a victim in my arms and flames licking my heels. Then my bravado morphed into wide-eyed cowardice when the creature made its way through the swinging door that separated us and chased after me.
The exit led to an alley, and I nearly fell flat on my face off a stoop that I hadn’t been prepared for. A curious man from the adjoining neighborhood had come through his fence to see what all the commotion was. When he saw me he asked, “Is that a fire? Oh Lord, is that a fire?”
“Get out of here,” I commanded as I headed down the alley towards the street.
“Why? What’s going on?” The portly man in the terrycloth bathrobe had no inkling of an idea what was going on. How could he? I barely understood myself.
And how exactly are you supposed to explain in a quick, concise manner that parasitic octopus monsters were sprouting from random strangers and eating people while crashing cars, starting fires, and vandalizing Slim Jim displays? That’s not the sort of information that can be easily relayed.
I did my best, “Monsters! Run!”
His profoundly exasperated expression quickly turned to abject terror as the beast chasing me emerged from the gas station’s exit. As soon as the sunlight hit the monster, it screeched and retracted, like a snail trying to pull itself back into its shell. The tentacles wrapped around the monster’s face to shield its eyes, and the host-body walked clumsily backward, out of the sunlight and into the gas station again.
“What is that?” asked the newcomer as he pulled the flaps of his robe around himself tighter. Perhaps he thought his lack of modesty might enrage the creature further, as if the sight of an errant wiener might send it into a murderous rage.
“Run,” I said as I headed the opposite direction. “It’ll fucking eat you. Run!”
He yelled after me, “What is it?”
“I don’t know,” I said as I ran the opposite direction. It’s entirely possible that a couple choice curse words snuck into my response as well.
I could hear people yelling in the distance. There was no telling why they were screaming. Was it the fire at the gas station that was about to turn the entire neighborhood into a smoldering crater? Or did the tentacle-twins reveal themselves?
That’s when another possibility came to me: What if this was going on everywhere?
I know that possibility should’ve occurred to me before. After all, the woman in the gas station had transformed in an instant, and I could only assume that the same sort of transformation had occurred to the owner of the station wagon, initiating his crash course. And then there was the plane wreck I’d seen on the muted news report. Had the same thing happened on a plane, causing it to crash? Was this going on everywhere?
Suddenly the expanse of road ahead hardly felt like a safe escape anymore.
“Where do we go, pal?” I asked the dog in my arms.
The brown and black German Shephard whined in response. I took his pained response as, ‘I don’t fucking know!’
We were both covered in the slimy goo that the monster had emitted, and I could feel it hardening on me. I wanted to wash it off as soon as possible, and dreaded the thought that one of those worms might be slithering over me, but first I had to figure out where to go.
“Back to work,” I said as I started to run down the street, back towards the job that I’d just been fired from.
The dog fought with me. He writhed in my arms and whined until I relented and agreed to set him free. I worried he was going to run back to his owner, but I couldn’t risk wasting time wrestling with him. He was a big dog, and not easy to hold when he wanted down.
Instead of letting the dog fall, I knelt and set him down gently. “Come on, boy,” I said while slapping my thigh, hoping the dog would follow me instead of going back to the gas station.
He glanced at the station, and then at me. Sirens of all types blared in the distance as first responders struggled to figure out where to go.
“Come on, buddy.”
The fire at the gas station was raging out of control now. Old Betty Boop was a lost cause, and I knew that if she caught fire the mountain of greasy fast food wrappers in the back seat would smolder for years. I wondered if my insurance policy had lapsed due to non-payment yet. Maybe the owner of the station wagon would be found at fault, and his insurance company would pay for my lost vehicle. That made me think of trying to explain what’d happened to an insurance agent, which snapped me back into focus about just how insane my current situation was.
I discovered something odd about how human beings deal with sudden, unbelievable crises. We tend to try and equate whatever insanity is occurring with something more mundane and manageable. So when faced with a squid-filled apocalypse, we might stop and consider how we’re going to explain this to our State Farm agent. It’s our brain’s way of trying to make sense of everything. Or at least that’s the way my brain works – but before the end of all this, we’ll both be in agreement that I’m not exactly right in the head.
The dog hesitated behind me, and I could tell by the look in his big brown eyes that he wanted to go back and save his owner. I couldn’t let that happen. I grabbed the handle attached to the dog’s harness and pulled him reluctantly down the street with me. He wasn’t happy, but he fell in step while casting mournful glances backward.
A police car came screaming down the road, lights flashing as it went at least 60 in a 35. Last time I’d done that I got a nice little $200 booby prize. I didn’t envy the officer, and wished him the best of luck as he headed right into the epicenter of insanity I’d just escaped. Whoever the officer was, he or she was braver than I. Courage in the face of danger wasn’t a trait I was known for. It’s not that I’m a well-renowned coward or anything of the sort. It’s just that I generally try to avoid dangerous situations. I tip my hat to those among us who take on the tasks of first responders, but I’ve always preferred my life devoid of potentially lethal situations.
The warehouse wasn’t far from the gas station, and as I approached I saw my former boss standing by the curb. He was a pudgy, short, bald man who looked like the living embodiment of a weeble wobble, with a pin head and a fat ass that made me wonder if he could be tipped over or if, when pushed, he’d just bobble back and forth. I wanted to push him and find out, but that seemed like a wildly inappropriate thing to do under the circumstances.
Jim was near the curb, fretfully looking at his building as if terrified of it. One of the loading bay doors was open, revealing the dark interior. Jim didn’t hear me coming, and nearly jumped out of his shoes when I asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Holy Lord, Jesus Christ, Mother Mary.” He put his hand over his heart as he stared wide-eyed at me. “What’re you doing here? I thought I fired you.”
“Where’s Otis and Tony?” I wasn’t there for Jim. Frankly, the quicker I got away from him the better. Even in the midst of a Lovecraftian apocalypse, I still managed to feel petty and bitter about being fired.
“They’re in there.”
“Why are you out here?”
“There was a fight in the breakroom,” said Jim, but his usual smug, self-assured demeanor had been replaced by fear. I could see it in the way his normally squinting eyes were now wide and bugging out of his head. They looked like a pair of googly eyes on an Easter egg.
“What sort of fight?” I asked, wondering if the same thing was going on here that’d happened at the gas station.
“I… I don’t know,” said Jim, shaking his pinhead and blubbering with that fat lower lip of his that was always glistening with spittle as if he’d just finished sucking on a stick of butter. “I was in my office and I heard people shouting. I saw… blood and a… a monster or something. I’m not sure what happened. I tried to call the police, but…” He shook his head. “I couldn’t get through. Otis and Tony were in there. That’s when I saw… Jesus, Dave. I’m not even sure what I saw. A monster or something.”
“And you left them?”
“What was I supposed to do?” asked Jim, and his characteristically sanctimonious tone returned. “I was going to get a… What are you doing here anyways?” He glanced down at the dog by my side. “Did you steal someone’s dog?”
“No, I went blind from jerking off in your coffee every morning. Hold him for me.” I gave the dog’s handle to Jim and headed towards the warehouse.
“Where’re you going?” asked Jim.
“Disneyland.”
The dog barked at me, and then pulled away from Jim’s toddler-strong grip. The animal came running up behind me as if determined to stand by my side no matter what we were about to head into.
“You don’t want to stay with Humpty Dumpty?” I asked the dog. “Can’t say I blame you.”
He responded with a sound that was a mix of a snort and a bark.
Remember a few seconds ago when I was talking about how I don’t like to walk into the middle of danger? Well, here I am doing exactly that. Back at the gas station I couldn’t wait to flee the danger without a second thought about anyone else stuck there. Yet here at the warehouse, I was willing to walk right into whatever danger awaited. The difference this time is that my friends were inside, and while I’m the first to admit to occasional cowardice, I’m also a loyal friend. If Tony and Otis were in trouble, then I had to do whatever I could to get them out.
I went up the steps to the dock’s landing and through the wide-open door. There was no one inside the work area. The warehouse was filled with several rows of metal shelves packed with boxes of various material. Jim’s business was a hub-point warehouse for a variety of other companies based on either coast. Having a location on the east side of the Rockies allowed quicker shipping to the Midwest. Our job was to take orders, process them, and get them out as soon as possible. Jim didn’t have to purchase a single item, and instead allowed other companies to stock his shelves with their products. All he had to do was get orders sent out in a timely manner while providing space to stock the goods. It was a pretty smart business plan, and profitable enough to afford Jim and his family a nice lifestyle, especially when you consider the pauper’s wages he handed down to the grunts like me.
I got down low and looked under the shelves to see if anyone was standing in the aisles. There was no one in sight, so I chanced a yell, “Otis, you here? Tony?”
“They’re in the breakroom,” said Jim from the parking lot.
The breakroom door was to my right, and the door was closed. There was no window to peer through. If I wanted to find out what was going on in there, I’d have to go inside.
I knocked on the door and asked, “Everything all right in there?”
Something on the other side reacted to my voice by slamming itself against the door. I heard water slosh, and then saw the familiar brown fluid seep out from under the door as the handle began to violently shake. I backed away, and was prepared to run when I heard frightened pleas for help from within the break room. I had an idea what was going on. I assumed that one of my former coworkers had sprouted a squid, and at least one other coworker had survived the attack by hiding in the adjoining bathroom. 
The location of that bathroom, and the weak ventilation, had always been a point of contention amongst the staff. The bathroom was attached to the break room, which meant that whenever one of the guys had to take a crap, they were doing it within a few feet of where everyone else was eating. The fan only served to stir up the stink of feces, and the single window in the bathroom was tiny and useless. I can’t count the number of half-eaten microwave burritos that ended up in the trash after I lost my appetite following someone else’s turd deposit.
“Dave, help!” Otis’s plea was muffled by the walls separating us.
My attention was focused on that door handle as the creature tried to figure out how to use it. The handle turned, and the door pushed open, but it halted after barely an inch. There was something blocking it from opening all the way.
I glanced down and saw there was a stopper wedged between the bottom of the door and the concrete floor. Brown, syrupy fluid oozed out around the stopper as the creature trapped within screamed in frustration.
“That son of a bitch,” I said as I looked in Jim’s direction. My former boss had fled, and was nowhere to be seen. He didn’t want to face the repercussions of trapping his employees in the break room with that monster.
“Dave,” said Otis, his patience waning. “Kill that thing and get me out of here, man.”
“Are you in the bathroom?”
“Yeah. Me and Tony. Kyle turned into… He turned into some sort of…” His statement was cut short by a shrill shriek from the squid-monster that used to be our co-worker.
“Stay there,” I said. “I’ll get you out.”
I had no clue how I was going to do that, but it felt like the right thing to say.
Perhaps a more heroic man than me would’ve searched for a weapon and steeled himself for a fight with an otherworldly LSD-and-hentai inspired beastie. I’m not that man. There was no way in hell I was going to square off against one of those squids unless I absolutely had to. If you’ll remember, the last time I went toe-to-toe with a tentacle-nasty, its pus sac popped and flooded the area with worm-ridden baby diarrhea. That’s not the sort of encounter I care to repeat.
I snapped my fingers and said to the dog at my side, “I can try to break down the wall from the outside.” The dog again let out a sound that was a mix of a snort and a bark. It was a noise that he seemed fond of, and one I’d eventually refer to as a ‘snark’. “Come on…” I slapped my thigh to get the dog to follow, and then realized that I didn’t know his name. I checked his collar. “Beaver? Is that really your name?”
The dog barked.
“Who names their dog Beaver?”
He barked again.
“Fine then, Beaver,” I said with a mocking tone. “Let’s go get my friends out of the shitter.” I wish I could say that was the first time that phrase has ever slipped my lips, but I’m fairly certain I’ve said that during at least one college party gone awry.
For some reason I thought there was a fireman’s axe in a glass case on the wall in the warehouse, but it was just a fire extinguisher that hadn’t been inspected since Clinton was staining dresses in the oval office. I used the metal bar that was attached to a chain on the extinguisher’s box to break the glass. The extinguisher would have to serve as a sledge hammer for the time being.
The warehouse was neighbored by a storage shed company, and there was a tall wire fence in a strip of rocks between the two properties. I ran through the weed-filled rocks and found the tiny vent that was connected to the bathroom. I stood on the tips of my toes and yelled up at it, “Stand back, I’m going to bust the wall down.”
“You’re gonna what?” asked Otis, certain he’d misheard me.
I cracked the bottom of the extinguisher against the wall, expecting to take a massive chunk out of the adobe-style stucco. I was disappointed by the meager damage I’d inflicted. Only a smattering of dust fell away from the wall. I tried again, and managed to get a slightly larger chunk to break free, revealing a metal mesh layer beneath.
“How’re you going to break down the wall?” asked Otis.
“I’ve got a…” I knew he was going to make relentless fun of me if I finished that sentence.
“You’ve got a what?” he asked.
“A fire extinguisher.”
His pregnant pause was all the mocking he needed to do, but of course he couldn’t leave it at that. His tone was laced with derision as he said, “A fucking fire extinguisher. Are you for real right now?”
I heard Tony curse, “Son of a bitch.” I could imagine him in there shaking his head in judgmental disappointment.
“The wall’s tougher than I thought it’d be,” I said in my own defense.
Otis continued his ungrateful response to my rescue effort, “Yeah, it’s the Fort Knox of shitters.”
“Do you have a better idea?”
“Yeah, a toddler could come up with a better idea,” he shouted at me through the vent. “Get up in the attic and you can come in through the ceiling. The ceiling’s thinner than the wall. Bust a hole in the ceiling and throw us a rope.”
“A rope?” I asked. “Where the hell am I supposed to get a rope?”
I heard the squid start screaming again. Otis lost his patience with me and shouted, “Motherfucker, get me out of this bathroom!”
I gave the wall another good hit with the extinguisher, hoping for a miracle. Instead of divine intervention, my effort was rewarded with calamity as the nozzle of the extinguisher cracked off in my hand. Freezing white powder spewed from the canister, painting my surroundings as I haphazardly spun and nearly lost my balance on the stones. I threw the extinguisher down and ran like a teenage drinker with a belly full of Boone’s Farm when the cops show up.
I rounded the corner and got back to the warehouse. I was shocked to see someone standing near the door to breakroom. I halted and stared.
“Jim?” I asked as the egg-shaped blur became more defined once my eyes adjusted to the dim warehouse light.
Jim voiced words I never expected of a squat little coward like him. “I’ll save them.” He had one hand on the door knob and the other on a pistol.




3 – Bird Bombs



“Where’d you get a gun?” I asked.
“From my car,” said Jim as the Gloc trembled in his unsteady grip. He used his foot to pull the doorstop away and kicked it to the side, through the muck that’d seeped across the floor. I noticed that the slime had grown thicker, just like the goo that still clung to my clothes. 
“Jim, no…” I said to stop him from opening the door.
He didn’t listen, and I braced myself for a barrage of tentacles, bullets, blood, and baby-diarrhea discharge. Instead, Jim opened the door to an empty room. He had his pistol held with two hands, his elbows locked as he pointed the gun into the break room. “I don’t see it,” he said and took a daring step forward.
The lights in the break room were turned off. I couldn’t see anything from my vantage several feet behind my boss – correction, former boss. 
Jim moved in far enough to reach over and flick on the lights. I expected to see the creature hiding in the corner, ready to lash out in anger at being exposed, but there was nothing to be seen. The room had been trashed, but there was no monster.
“It disappeared,” said Jim.
Nothing had made much sense to me since this all started, but the monster’s vanishing act was an assault on reason that my brain couldn’t accept. “No way,” I muttered as Jim led the way inside. “Be careful. Nothing just vanishes.”
“Is it gone?” asked Tony from the bathroom.
Jim stepped all the way into the break room and said, “Yeah, it’s gone. Come on out.”
“It couldn’t have just disappeared,” I said warily.
“Then where is it, genius?” asked Jim. “For that matter, where’d it come from in the first place? What is it?” He was berating me with questions to make a point of how stupid I was, and how I didn’t know what I was talking about. This was his management style. He was the walking/talking embodiment of a Napoleon complex, and he seemed to take no more pleasure than when he could talk down to someone. “Are you an expert on walking octopus zombies now?”
A slew of emotions ran through my head at that moment. The first was glee, because I no longer worked for this guy, and I could punch him if I wanted to. The second was disappointment, because he had a gun, which ruled out punching him. Next, mixed up in my emotion-milkshake somewhere, was a sense of dread about the oddly missing squid. And my final emotion was abject terror as I watched a tentacle snake its way down from the ceiling to wrap around Jim’s neck.
“Watch out, it’s up…” yelled Tony from the bathroom as he pointed up at the creature above. His warning came far too late. Jim was already dangling like a newly hanged prisoner, thrashing his legs as his cheeks bulged and his pale skin turned purple. He still had his pistol, and aimed it blindly up before pulling the trigger in desperation. The squid reacted by shaking its victim and then spinning him around like a balloon caught in a ceiling fan.
The first gunshot nearly deafened me in the confined space, and caused my ears to ring immediately. By the time Jim pulled the trigger a third time, all I could hear was the deep bass of Otis’s voice as he tried to convince Tony to move.
Otis was desperate to get out of the bathroom. He pushed at Tony, who was frozen in fear, and then grabbed his coworker’s wrist to pull him along. They ducked as Jim kicked and sputtered above.
“Grab his feet,” I said, hoping to save the little guy. “Pull him down.”
Otis and Tony were just as deaf as I was now. Either that, or they both made the decision to ignore me as they rushed past. 
It was up to me to save Jim.
I saw the mutated form of a human that’d once been a coworker of mine on the ceiling. Kyle was now a twisted mess of flesh and tentacles. His bloody face was staring down at me, and his mouth gaped wider than looked natural. A tentacle came sliding up from his throat, emerging like a snake from its hole, and lashed around as if I was tripping on acid and staring at a picture of Gene Simmons. Trust me, I’ve been on acid while staring at a KISS poster - It’s an apt analogy.
There was a hole in the ceiling that the squid was partially crawling through, but it looked like its human host couldn’t fit inside, causing the squid to get stuck there until it ambushed Jim. Tentacles had pierced their way through a variety of places on the body, as if the parasite housed within had grown too large to be contained.
Jim dropped the gun and reached for the tentacle that’d wound around his throat. He was struggling to breathe, and tried in vain to pull the slippery appendage away from his skin. The suction cups were affixed to him as if by glue, and his attempt to break free was useless.
I grabbed Jim’s legs and pulled. The creature lashed out at me with one of its free tentacles, but I was able to duck away. I lowered myself so that I was nearly laying on the floor as I pulled at Jim’s legs, but the monster’s grip was too tight. It was pulling him up further, and I saw a mouth emerge from the chest of the slaughtered man dangling from the hole in the ceiling. The creature opened its mouth, and it looked like…
All right, everyone. There’s really no way of being couth in accurately describing this thing’s mouth. But before I do, I want to assure all the women out there that I’m a big fan of vaginas. I’ve never once thought the private parts of a woman looked anything like the gaping, gnashing mouth of a demonic squid set upon transforming meat into soup. But here’s the truth: The mouths on these creatures look like a wide-open vagina with a hundred shark teeth in it. There, I said it. Vagina dentata in the flesh.
The gun was within reach, but I left it there. I should’ve grabbed it and fired whatever was left in the magazine, but instead I continued to try and pull Jim down. It was a fruitless effort. The creature was far stronger than me, and it easily hoisted Jim up into its maw. Within seconds, hot blood was pouring on me like someone was trying to make a human smoothie in an upside down blender.
“Dave, come on,” said Otis, although his voice barely registered as more than a throbbing bass behind the ringing in my ears. I could also hear Beaver barking, and saw that Otis had grabbed the dog’s harness to keep it from running in.
I let go of Jim’s legs and rolled over so that I could crawl out of the room as the beast’s tentacles whipped down at me. Unlike an octopus, these creatures had appendages of varying sizes. Some of them were thick and covered in suction cups, similar to an octopus, but others were long and skinny with barbs at the tips that could be used to hook its prey, tethering it as the stronger tentacles came in to wrap around the victim. Those thin tentacles snapped at me like whips, and tore at my clothes as I rolled onto my stomach and crawled away.
I didn’t grab the gun. I thought about it, but decided to leave it behind in favor of escaping as quickly as possible. Truth be told, I don’t have a great history with guns. It’s not something I like to talk about. You’ll have to trust that I’ve got my reasons. Damn good reasons. Maybe one day, when I’m not fighting for my life, I’ll tell that story. This isn’t that day.
“Let’s get out of here,” said Tony as he waited near the loading door. Otis and I were covered in blood and other body fluids I’d prefer not to think about, but Tony looked impeccably clean. That didn’t surprise me. Tony always looked and smelled like he was going on a date. He was a portly Mexican guy who must’ve spent a fortune on sunglasses and sneakers, because I rarely saw him wearing the same pair twice. And despite how often we chastised him for it, he consistently wore way too much cologne.
As we were running to catch up with Tony, Otis looked me over. He put his arm on my shoulder, and then pulled at my hoodie as if looking for something. “Are you hurt?” he asked. “Did that thing get you?”
“No,” I said. “I’m fine.”
We got outside and were headed to the parking lot. I thought we were in the clear, but Otis continued his query. “You sure it didn’t get you? Like, cut you or anything? You didn’t swallow any of that slime, did you?”
“No, man, I’m good,” I said. Otis and I had always gotten along, but it wasn’t like we were best friends. His intense concern for my safety felt awkward.
Tony clicked his key fob and the alarm on his white Ford F-150 chirped. Tony owned a nicer vehicle than any of his coworkers, which was another part of his materialistic charm that so many of us found galling. The truck had an extended cab, but I knew the back seat would be cramped, which is why I made sure to say, “Shotgun.”
Otis grabbed my shoulder and pulled me hard enough to force me to face him as he said, “Hey, wait.”
“Jeeze, dude,” I said as I pulled away from his grasp. “Don’t get pissy. I called shotgun fair and square.”
“You get in the back,” said Otis as he pointed at the bed of the truck.
“What?” I asked. “Why?”
“Because I don’t know for sure if one of those things got you or not. I’m not chancing nothing, bro. Get in the back or you’re not coming.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” I asked, truly perplexed.
“You might be infected.”
“Infected?” I asked. “Are you serious? They’re not zombies. They’re like… They’re…”
“They’re what?” asked Otis. He didn’t wait for an answer, “I’ll tell you what they are. They’re goddamn squid-zombies or something, and I don’t know how they infect people, but you’re covered in their nasty-ass goo. No way I’m letting you in the truck like that.”
“It’s on you too,” I said and pointed at him.
“He’s right,” said Tony from inside the cab of the truck. He had the passenger side window rolled down, and I heard him hit the automatic locks. “Both of you get in back. And hurry up or I’m leaving your asses.”
I grudgingly got into the back of the truck, followed by Otis and Beaver. Otis saw me glaring at him and said, “Don’t look at me like that. You stay over there as far from me as you can get.” He went to sit near the back window of the cab, and pointed at the opposite corner where he wanted me to sit.
The squid screeched from the warehouse, earning both our attention and pausing any animosity between us. I could see the creature lingering in the dark, away from the bright sunlight creeping in through the door.
Beaver came to sit beside me, and I rubbed his neck as I promised that everything was going to be all right. He looked up at me with his tongue out, and I swear he was smiling. It was as if none of this really bothered him in the least. I started to brush off some of the liquid that clung to the dog’s fur. I wiped it off myself as well. It felt like I’d jumped into a pool of Jell-O and was dealing with the messy repercussions. The longer the goo stayed on me, the thicker and harder it got. I felt like I’d won first place in a bukake contest and had been waiting for hours to get hosed off.
“Did you get Jim’s gun?” asked Otis.
“No, I didn’t see it,” I lied.
Tony drove away from the warehouse, and the wind noise killed the possibility of a conversation between Otis and I as we sat on opposite corners of the truck’s bed. There was a toolbox tied down with bungie cords near Otis, and he opened it in search of a weapon. He decided on a clawed hammer, and then looked at me as if studying my demeanor. I must’ve passed his visual squid-zombie test, because he slid a flathead screwdriver over to me.
He screamed out, “Just in case,” and pointed at the screw driver. He continued, “You know, if we get attacked or something.”
As I picked up the screwdriver I thought to myself, ‘Oh, it’s in case we get attacked. I thought you were worried we might stumble into a construction emergency that needed a pair of deft hands and proper tools.’
I’ll admit my annoyance with Otis was unfounded. Neither of us had any idea what was going on, or why folks had started sprouting tentacles and gnoshing on people’s faces. For all I knew, he was right, and the parasites got transferred to new hosts through the brown, worm-ridden liquid that I’d been sliding through at the gas station less than an hour earlier. I continued to try and clean the goo off before it hardened like cement.
Tony drove the opposite direction of the gas station, which I was thankful for. At least until I considered that he might be headed to his apartment. That was the last place I needed to be at the moment.
Tony and I met a year ago when I was dating his sister. My relationship with her didn’t end well, but Tony and I managed to stay in touch. He was the reason I got the job at the warehouse.
About a month ago, Tony’ sister moved in with him because her boyfriend hit her. Now, to be fair, I’d put damn good money on the actual chain of events going something like this: Her boyfriend hit her, and then she proceeded to beat him to within an inch of his life until he had to call the cops for help, prompting her to flee to avoid getting arrested. And if I knew Gabriella, she’d already cooked up a vicious revenge plot that would have her ex-boyfriend running scared for years. Her anger was the type of thing that inspired hellish, bloodthirsty beasts of legend. Do you really think Medusa was a creature of pure imagination? Hell no. That old story was cooked up by some poor husband who saw the dead-eyed stare of a furious woman like Gabriella Hernandez. I know all about it. And despite my aversion to domestic abuse, I still feel bad for whatever poor, dumb bastard earned Gabby’s wrath.
I thought about asking Tony to pull over and let me out now before I got pulled into Gabby’s black hole orbit. I imagined myself as the captain of a doomed spaceship circling the vortex of a black hole, fully aware that every fiber of my being was about to be shredded and torn apart until all that was left was a faint memory of my existence, and pitiful moans from sad friends about how I never stood a chance. Am I being dramatic? Yes. Is this hyperbole? Not really.
Something fell from the sky and thudded on the road. I saw it out of the corner of my eye. We passed whatever it was, and I turned to get a better look. Otis had seen it too, and stood to look over me.
“What the hell was that?” I asked as I looked at the black, quivering shape on the road behind us. It looked like a black balloon with feet and… was that feathers?
I didn’t have to wait long to solve the mystery. Another bird-bomb fell from the sky and pounded into the center of the truck bed, causing both Otis and I to scream out in shock and terror as we grasped our tools like we were scared children in a dark bedroom clutching teddy bears.
The crow that’d fallen between us was twice the size it should’ve been. Its belly was distended, and growing as we watched. Its feet kicked uselessly, and its wings flapped madly, but with no effect other than to cause it to bounce a little.
Otis pounded his fist against the window as he yelled, “Stop the truck.”
Tony hit the brakes, but I didn’t wait for the truck to come to a full stop before I climbed over the tailgate. I had one leg over when the truck came to a screeching halt. Momentum would’ve sent me tumbling back into the bed if not for the vice-like grip my thighs had on the backend, as if I was on a bull in a rodeo.
The stop caused the bird to roll safely away from me, but right at Otis as if he was the biggest, blackest bowling ball pin you’ve ever seen. He hopped around while screaming in a register a man his size shouldn’t be able to reach. I got out and opened the truck’s tailgate before yelling, “Kick it out.”
“What?”
“Kick the fucking thing out of the truck,” I said.
He did as I told him, and we both expected the bird to shoot out of the bed like an over-inflated soccer ball. Unfortunately, the exact opposite happened. That bird-bomb popped like a water balloon, sending a gush of fetid, wormy juice all over Otis’s leg. He let out a series of choice words as Tony opened the small hatch in the back window so he could ask what was going on.
He was midsentence, staring back at us, when I saw his eyes grow wide. His question caught in his throat before he turned around and hit the gas again.
I barely had time to look behind me before the truck’s wheels squealed on the asphalt. There was a semi headed our way with a driver whose face had sprouted a mess of writhing tentacles.
I grabbed onto the back of the opened tailgate just as the truck started moving. I hooked my fingers in the gap between the bed and the tailgate, and tried to jump in, but Tony’s truck was already moving. I fell, but managed to hold on as my feet dragged on the road behind us.
Beaver was barking madly, and I caught a glimpse of small tentacles lashing out at both the dog and Otis from the corpse of the exploded bird. The tentacle was suffering now that it was exposed to sunlight. It was ballooning up with pus-filled sacs that kept popping like bubble wrap. 
With an errant semi behind me and a miniature, bird-sized monster in the truck’s bed, I was somehow safer where I was, latched to the back of the truck with the soles of my boots being chewed apart as I skitched along the road.
When I was a kid growing up in North America’s frozen tundra (also known as Minnesota), I remember doing this with a friend whose father was a good deal less than responsible. We would find an icy road, and then my friend’s dad would drive while we hung onto the rear bumper for dear life, our shoes sliding along the ice at speeds that would’ve sent my overprotective grandmother into fits. Who knew that ill-advised life experience would turn out to be useful?
Otis started to whack at the squid-bird with the hammer, but the creature seemed unfazed by the assault. The squishy body that emerged from within the now slaughtered bird suffered no damage from Otis’s assault. It was like trying to bash apart a sponge. The creature wrapped its tentacles around the head of the hammer and started to crawl up towards Otis’s arm. He screamed in a manner similar to how I react when I catch sight of a spider within twenty yards of my personal space. Otis flung the hammer out over the top of my head, and I looked back to watch as the tool and the creature bounced along the road behind us.
The semi chasing us veered slowly off course, over the sidewalk, and down into a park where it crashed into a tree. The windshield shattered, and I saw tentacles flailing out as the creature within screeched. It was great to see that one of the dangers facing me had been taken care of, but that still left me in a precarious position on the back of Tony’s truck.
The juicy remnants of the bird-bomb rolled down the slats in the bed of the truck and splashed me in the face. This was, without question, the nastiest experience of my life. Allow me a second to try and put this in perspective.
Have you ever heard about how those big, corporate pig farms have lakes of pig shit on their property that are so toxic and nauseating that people can’t stand to live within a few miles of them? Well, I heard a story once about how two drunk guys were driving along a road near one of those lakes and lost control of their car. They sped right through the fence and straight into one of those pig shit ponds where they drowned. The choking horror of their final minutes, as their truck slowly sank in the quagmire of pig turds, would score a ten out of ten on the scale of awful human experiences. I had to be clocking in at a solid nine on the back of that truck as the wormy, squid-demon goo splashed all over my face.
Tony ran over something. It could’ve been a speed bump or a body for all I knew, but the resulting bounce nearly caused me to lose my grip. My feet left the ground for a second, and at that same instant Tony braked enough that I was vaulted forward about a foot. When I came back down, my chest was on the tailgate and my legs were up in the air as I desperately tried to find something to hold onto. 
I heard the unmistakable sound of a car accident. There were screeching tires, honks, and then the crunch of metal and shattering glass. My perception of reality was all twisted up, and I assumed that we were the ones in the wreck as I felt myself sliding forward through the truck’s bed. Time slowed to a crawl, and I fully expected to die as I slid across the slick bed towards Otis and Beaver. It might’ve been an ignoble death, but at least I wouldn’t drown in a pig shit pond.
As it turned out, we weren’t the ones getting in an accident. Tony had stopped to avoid a collision that occurred at the intersection ahead, which resulted in me yet again sliding my way through squid goo. This was a pastime I was becoming far too proficient in.
This time Otis, who was similarly covered in the slime, was more sympathetic as he helped me up and asked, “You all right.”
“Hell no. Look at me,” I said as I swiped my hand across my face to clean off the gelatinous muck that clung to my skin. It was chunky, and reminded me of the time I had an upset stomach and Gabby convinced me to drink aloe juice, which was an event that happened exactly once, because I prefer to live my life free of snot-flavored drinks as much as possible. And as if the consistency of the squid-juice wasn’t bad enough, it was also swimming with tiny, reddish worms that looked like thinner versions of maggots. I could feel them squiggling around on my skin, and if that thought sends a shiver down your spine and an uncomfortable churn in your gut, then you’re starting to get an inkling of an idea about how I was feeling.
“We’re in trouble,” said Otis.
“What now?” I asked, pretty much ready for whatever he could possibly say. As far as I was concerned, an anthropomorphized Empire State building with a party hat and bagpipes could be terrorizing Main Street and I would’ve chalked it up as just one more screwed up occurrence to add to an already insane day.
“Look.” He pointed out over the top of the truck’s cab.
A large cloud passed over us, stealing the sun’s intense light, as if providing an ominous warning of storms ahead. The air stank of burning rubber from the sudden stops of the cars ahead. 
I looked over the top of Tony’s truck, sighed, and said, “Well, that’s not good.”
Ahead of us, in the center of the intersection, amid the wrecked cars, was the largest squid-monster I’d seen yet. A white sedan had collided with a jeep, leaving the sedan mangled and the jeep on its side. The windshield of the sedan was broken, and the occupant had been partially ejected. The driver was a corpulent woman whose girth stopped her from being completely thrown from the vehicle. Her lower half was still intact, dangling over the steering wheel. Her upper half had split, revealing a squid creature easily three times as large as any I’d seen yet. This was also the first chance I had to see one of these creatures fully exposed as it slithered out of the woman’s carcass. The shade from the cloud above kept the creature out of direct light, but I could still see it in its entirety. 
Until now, I’d only seen part of these monstrosities, and assumed they looked like a squid or an octopus. I was wrong.
I watched as the creature pulled itself free, slick with the blood of its dead host. It had far more than eight tentacles, some as thin as strands of spaghetti that snapped at the air as the larger ones did the hard work of grasping and pulling its body along. I saw a multitude of black eyes. The cluster of eyes began to move around independently as the creature continued to pull away from the wreckage. I’d assumed that the creature’s eyes were similar to a fly’s, but I saw that each black orb was connected to a long strand, and moved independently. The creature would pull the eyes in to form larger orbs, but could separate them if it needed to move through a tighter space.
Next came a long, flat sheet of purple membrane that looked thin at first, but puffed up as it exited the corpse. I got a brief glimpse of a pinkish, pulsating organ that was exposed for only a second before the purple membrane covered it. There were strands of what looked like pink hair connecting the organ and the corpse the creature was leaving behind. The strands snapped off as the creature pulled free of the body.
“What was that red thing?” asked Otis as he gawked at the monster. He was just as stunned as I was.
“Was it part of her, or part of it?” I asked, uncertain what I’d seen. “Was that its brain?”
Otis didn’t have a chance to voice his opinion, because Tony decided it was time to get out of there by any means necessary. He yelled back at us from the truck’s cab, “Hold onto something. It’s about to get bumpy!”




4 – It Gets Bumpy



Tony decided our best course of action was to go off road, down the embankment, over the ditch, through a community garden, across the bike path, over a curb, and finally onto another road. I didn’t have the wherewithal to count the number of times this trip sent me airborne, but I’m pretty sure the total was in the quarter million range. I was holding onto a yelping German Shephard and trying to keep from flying out of the back of the truck, all while Otis flailed his giant arms around like he got called up on The Price is Right. The litany of curses that escaped us would make Richard Pryor ask for a modicum of decency.
“Slow down,” I shouted through the window at Tony as he started to race down the road. “You’re going to get us all killed.”
“I’m saving our lives,” he said with both hands gripping the steering wheel and a look of determination that was eerily similar to elation. Despite the hellish environment we’d been plunged into, I’m fairly certain he was enjoying this.
Otis looked over the cab at the road ahead and saw the route Tony was planning to take. He got down beside me, our backs pressed to the front end of the bed, and said, “Oh Lord, we’re gonna die. This fucking Mexican’s going to end us.”
“Just hold on,” I said, which was an admittedly useless statement. Otis was already doing everything he could to keep himself wedged in. We both had our shoulders down so that they were under the small lip along the truck’s bed, and we had our feet pressed against the wheel wells so that we could push with all our might to keep our backs against the metal. I had the added responsibility of holding onto Beaver’s harness as the dog crouched beside me.
“Hold on,” I repeated my useless instruction again.
“I am holding…” Otis didn’t get to finish his angry declaration. The truck swerved to avoid something in the road ahead, and all three of us in the back made a pathetic noise as we tried to keep from sliding to the side. Even Beaver was moaning as he gazed at me with wide, expectant eyes, as if I somehow had the power to stop this and he was confounded why I wouldn’t. It was as if I’d taken him with me on a roller coaster and he was contemplating why humans might enjoy such idiotic escapades. 
I thought about screaming at Tony to slow down, but then I heard gunshots nearby.
Pop.
Pop.
Pop.
I despise the sound of gunfire. It unsettles me, nearly as much as the sight of otherworldly jellyfish parasite monsters slithering their way out of freshly dead corpses. I ducked lower in the bed of the truck to avoid the gunfire.
We buffeted around in the bed with every slight swerve. Otis continued to curse Tony. He used a slew of creative terms for Tony’s heritage. Everyone reacts to stress differently, and apparently Otis reacts to it by shouting out the most offensively racist things he can come up with.
“Where’s this jumping bean hopping off to?” asked Otis.
“His apartment, I think. He’s got family.”
“Bunch of illegals?”
“Man, you get racist when you’re scared,” I said.
“Shut the hell up. You don’t get to call me racist. That’s not how it works.”
“Not how what works?” I asked. It was a pointless conversation to be having given our current situation, but we continued it anyhow. What else were we going to do back there?
“How society works,” said Otis. “I get to be racist. Our wetback driver gets to be racist. We earned it. You get to keep your mouth shut.”
“Oh, is that how it works?”
“Yeah, that’s how it works.”
The truck’s tires squealed as Tony made another sharp turn. Otis and I were shoulder to shoulder, with our backs pressed to the front of the truck’s bed and our feet pushing on opposite wheel wells to help keep us in place. Beaver was on my right side, and he was trying to tuck his nose under my leg.
I understandably assumed our attempt at reconciling the cultural racial divide had been stymied for the time being. I was surprised when Otis said, “Tony knows.”
“Tony knows what?” I asked.
“He knows about the race thing. He knows. Ask him, if we make it out of this alive. Ask him and he’ll tell you. We’ve got a pact with the Mexicans. They hate us, and we hate them, and you honkey motherfuckers get hated on by us both.”
“Do you really want to have this debate right here, right now?”
“I don’t need you calling me racist,” he said. “I get to be racist all I want, and so does Tony. But not you. So help me God, if I ever hear you get racist I’ll knock your head clean off and…”
“Is this really the time and place?” I asked, exasperated.
“You don’t get to call me racist,” he said.
“How’s that fair?”
“How’s that fair?” he repeated the question as if it was offensive.
Tony must’ve reached a clear road, because he stopped driving like a maniac. Well, he was still speeding like a maniac, but at least now he was doing it in a straight line. Otis took the opportunity to continue his point. I chalked it up to his need to focus on something other than the situation at hand, sort of like when I was considering how to deal with my car insurance agent after the gas station caught on fire.
“I’ll tell you how it’s fair. Because we know how to keep racism civil, man. It’s all in good fun. You white folks just screw it all up, with your lynching, and cross burning, and serial killing. You take it too far.”
“Serial killing?”
“Yeah, serial killing. Look at you, man. All you white guys get that look in your eyes. That shady, creepy, soul-killing look like you’re waiting for a reason to string a brother up.”
“You’ve got issues that I’m not even going to try and solve right now,” I said. “How about we focus on how the world’s gone to hell instead of whether or not you’re racist. All right?”
He muttered something under his breath. I think he was saying that I was the one who was the racist, but I didn’t ask him to speak up. At that point I was just happy the debate was over.
Tony got us to his apartment complex safe and sound, if by ‘safe and sound’ you mean ‘beaten and terrified.’ Both Otis and I were scratched up and bruised from the journey, and poor Beaver was still trying to force his way underneath me any way he could as we pulled into the parking lot at Tony’s apartment complex.
“Thank God,” said Otis as he tried to stand up only to discover that the trip had caused a sense of vertigo that nearly sent him falling back down again. After he steadied himself, he offered me a hand up. “You lost your driving privileges,” he said to Tony as our driver got out of the truck.
“What’re you bitching about?” asked Tony. “You’re alive, aren’t you?”
“I’m not so sure,” said Otis.
“Who was shooting back there?” I asked.
“The cops,” said Tony. “I didn’t stick around to see what they were shooting at.”
“Probably a couple hoodies with their hands up,” said Otis, and I wondered if ‘hoodies’ was a popular slang term now. It was hard to keep up with the constantly evolving vernacular of my diverse co-workers. Tony and Otis had exposed me to hundreds of descriptors I’d never heard before, and I struggled to keep them all straight.
I was going to try and help Beaver out of the truck, but he leapt over the side without any assistance. He sniffed the air, and walked back and forth beside the truck as if patrolling the area as he waited for me to get down.
“You guys coming with me or what?” asked Tony. “We can check the TV to see what’s going on.”
“Yeah, all right,” said Otis.
Tony looked at me. “Dave? What about you?”
I glanced at the entrance to the apartment complex. I hadn’t been here in months. “Is Gabby here?”
“I hope so,” said Tony. “I’ve been trying to call her, but I couldn’t get through.”
“Maybe I should take off.”
“Why? Because of Gabby? Are you serious? Shit, man, you need to get over yourself. Gabby doesn’t care whether you live or die no more.”
“That’s what I’m worried about,” I said, but begrudgingly followed.
The complex was in disarray. I could hear families screaming and crying from wherever they were hiding. My sense of dread deepened. During our trip here, I’d been placated by the hope that we’d escaped the epicenter of whatever madness had engulfed our town, but now I was beginning to worry that we were still in the thick of it. At this point, I wasn’t aware that this was a world-wide event. I had no concept of how bad things really were.
“Is it here too?” I asked, giving vague reference to an event I couldn’t give a name.
“The jellyfish?” asked Tony. “Yeah, man. It’s everywhere.”
“What do you mean everywhere?” asked Otis. “How do you know?”
“I heard it on the radio in the truck,” said Tony. “Those things are everywhere.”
“Everywhere? Like everywhere everywhere?” I asked with all the deft linguistic skill of a five-year-old.
“Everywhere,” said Tony, gesticulating his point by using both hands to make a circle. “All around the world.”
“Holy shit,” said Otis and I simultaneously.
We walked through a short passage that led to the complex’s interior courtyard. Tony and his grandmother both had apartments here, and most of the residents were also Mexican, which was why this area had been dubbed Little Mexico. It was in a high crime area, as evidenced by the bars on all the windows. The apartment complex formed a square, with a parking lot on the exterior and a courtyard in the center. There were two stories of apartments, each with doors facing the courtyard. The construction style was similar to our previous place of employment. It was adobe style, with beige, stucco walls that were more common in New Mexico than Colorado, but had gained popularity here recently.
In the center of the courtyard was an impressively large playground that’d seen better days. It was designed like a pirate ship that’d been split in two, with a suspension bridge between platforms and a slide on either side. The playground was in a sand pit, but the rest of the courtyard was supposed to be grassy. Unfortunately, the recent drought had forced the owners of the property to shut off the sprinkler system. Now whatever grass managed to survive was brown, and there was a solitary, dead tree that needed to be cut down and dragged away.
The bars on all the windows, and the playground in the center of the courtyard, made Little Mexico feel like a toddler penitentiary. That thought brought to mind a bunch of streetwise kids in orange jumpsuits, slinging coke behind the guards’ backs and shanking tattletales.
Tony continued relaying the information he’d heard on the radio on our trip here. “They got the governor. Right during a press conference a tentacle popped out of his face.”
“So this is like some biblical end times stuff?” asked Otis.
“There aren’t any jellyfish in my King James,” said Tony as we neared his apartment. Then he slapped Otis on the shoulder and said, “Dude, didn’t the bible say not to eat shellfish and shit? Maybe this has something to do with that.”
“Motherfucker,” said Otis. “I’m not planning on frying up any calamari. They’re the ones eating us. Remember?”
“Yeah, but you never know,” said Tony. “Hey, speaking of calamari, I heard most of those are pig assholes.”
“What?” I asked, dumbfounded by the direction the conversation had taken.
“For real, man,” said Tony. “Most of the calamari people eat at restaurants are actually fried up pig buttholes. Swear to God, man.”
“Motherfucker, would you…” Otis was so annoyed that he started stuttering a little. “Would… Would you… Would you open the damn door? Talking about pig assholes. I swear to God. You two have lost your damn minds.”
We got to Tony’s apartment. He started to put his key in the lock when the door swung violently open. A gun barrel emerged, pointed straight at Tony.
The three of us screamed in ignoble fright as Gabby stood in the doorway holding a pistol with both hands and commanding us to get back. “I’ll shoot,” she said. “Get back.”
“Gabby, Jesus Christ girl, it’s me,” said Tony.
“I don’t care if it’s you or not,” said Gabby. “How do I know you’re not one of those… those things?”
“Do I look like a walking octopus to you?” asked Tony. “Now quit pointing my pellet gun at me and let us in.” He pushed the pistol away and walked in past her. Otis followed, leaving Beaver and me standing face to face with my ex-girlfriend.
“What’re you doing here?” she asked with more than a slight hint of hostility as she looked me up and down. “And why do you have a dog?”
Tony hadn’t mentioned that Gabby was pregnant, a fact that was now on full display as I stared down at her massive belly. She was a petite girl, but it looked like she was packing a thirty-pound baby in there.
I stuttered an attempt to say, ‘Hello,’ all while staring right at her belly. No greeting managed to escape my lips.
She snapped her fingers at me and said, “Hello, psycho. You going to answer me or what?”
“Stop giving him a hard time,” said Tony as he took his sister by the arm to pull her out of my way.
I somehow managed to form a semi-intelligible response, “It’s good see, Gabby.” It wasn’t a well-crafted sentence, but it was better than nothing.
She let out a long, exasperated sigh that expressed more in one brief second than an entire diatribe of angry rants could. Without going into too much detail, let’s just say I understood she didn’t want me there, but wasn’t going to force me to leave either. She was also ever-so-slightly amused by my fumbled attempt at forming words, and she enjoyed my discomfort. She might’ve even started to crack a smile before turning away from me.
It took a world-wide apocalypse for the two of us to reach even a tentative reconciliation, but I’d take what I could get.
Gabby was the prettiest girl I’d ever tricked into dating me. We’d been good together, as long as you buy into the old saying that opposites attract. She’d been the fire to my ice, and that sort of relationship doesn’t usually end well for the ice. However, we still had a hell of a time while it lasted. If I was the marrying type, I would’ve put a ring on her, but that ship had sailed. Although, instead of saying that the ship had sailed, it was probably a more apt comparison to say that the ship had exploded in a maelstrom and the fragments got sucked down to the bottom of the ocean.
“Where’s Jerry?” asked Tony as he looked around the apartment.
“He’s at Mimi’s,” said Gabby in reference to their grandmother.
“Why’re you here instead of with them?” asked Tony, and his tone had an edge of accusation that even I picked up on.
“Excuse me?” asked Gabby, just as annoyed with her brother as he was with her. “I came here to get this,” she held up the gun. “I’m trying to be smart. I’m trying to save our family, pendejo. Mimi and Jerry want to come over here instead of staying at her place.”
“All right, all right,” said Tony as he walked over to the large, flat screen television and turned it on. “Why do they want to be here?”
“Because something happened to that Garcia guy,” said Gabby.
“Who?” asked Tony.
“Her neighbor. What’s his name? El gordo.” She held out her hands to mime a stomach even larger than her own. “I think he turned into one of those… those things. Whatever they are. We can hear him bashing around there in his apartment, knocking things over and…”
“He turned?” asked Tony, suddenly terrified. “You sure?”
“I didn’t see him or nothing, but he’s banging around in there like he’s lost his damn mind. Scratching at the walls and shit.”
Tony looked at me, and then Otis, his eyes wide as he said, “We’ve got to get them out of there.”
“Who?” asked Gabby. “Mr. Garcia?”
“No, Mimi and Jerry.”
“Why?” asked Gabby. “They’re safe.”
“No they’re not,” said Tony. “We watched one of those things burrow through a ceiling.” He grabbed the pellet gun from his sister. “Otis, come help me get them. Dave, you stay here with Gabby.”
“No,” I said a little quicker than was appropriate. “I’ll go with you. Otis, you stay here.”
No one objected, so I followed Tony out. Beaver tried to follow, but I told him to stay, and then closed the door behind me. As soon as we were outside I asked, “Why didn’t you tell me Gabby was pregnant?”
“She asked me not to,” said Tony as if it wasn’t something he was concerned about, which was understandable given the circumstance.
Their grandmother lived across the courtyard, past the playground. Tony ran there before I had the chance to ask him anything else. I started doing the math in my head in an attempt to count the months since Gabby and I broke up. I hate to admit it, but I counted the months on my fingers as I jogged across the courtyard. It’s not that I’m an idiot (although I’m admittedly terrible at math), but the stress of the situation was messing with my concentration.
I nearly tripped over a prairie dog mound. The lack of landscaping maintenance had allowed the pests to sneak in and dig into the courtyard, and there were several holes here now. I recovered from my near fall, and then ran to catch up to Tony while recounting the months since Gabby and I had been together.
My heart raced as I looked at the eight fingers I was holding up. “Eight months,” I said under my breath. It’d been eight months since the last time Gabby and I had sex.
I felt the color drain from my face.
Tony banged on his grandmother’s door and said, “Mimi, it’s me. Open up. Jerry, are you there? Jerry, open up.” He didn’t get any response. All he could hear coming from the apartment was the television set blaring.
I tugged on the back of Tony’s shirt and asked, “Is that my…”
He ignored me, and continued to pound on the door.
“Tony.” I pulled at his shoulder to command his attention.
He turned and asked in frustration, “What?”
I pointed back towards his apartment and asked, “Is that my baby?”
His expression morphed from annoyance to compassion, and then back to annoyance. He shook his head and said, “I don’t know, man. Take it up with Gabby. Right now we need to focus. We’ve got to get them out of here. Watch out.” He moved me aside and took a few steps back. Tony displayed a level of strength I didn’t know he had as he kicked the door open, easily busting the deadbolt and sending splinters of wood shooting through his grandmother’s modest apartment.
His brave, heroic entrance was met with the terrified shriek of his wheelchair-bound, nearly deaf grandmother. She’d been sitting in front of the television, trying to listen with the volume turned up nearly as loud as it could go. She hadn’t heard her grandson pounding on the door, and was shocked when he busted his way into her apartment.
I’d met Mimi several times while dating Gabby, and she’d always been nice to me. However, she was well-known for her foul mouth, and she didn’t spare our delicate ears as we broke into her apartment.
Her eyes were wide and her hands held high as she stared at the splintered frame and broken door. When she saw it was her grandson who’d broken in, she asked, “What the fuck is wrong with you?” The rest of what she said was in Spanish, and certainly foul.
 




5 – Samurai Amateur Hour



“I’m trying to save your life,” said Tony.
“What?” Mimi shouted as she cupped a hand to her ear. Bracelets jangled on her arm. Mimi was always decked out in a variety of accessories. She was well known for plundering thrift stores, collecting a mishmash of odds and ends that she filled her apartment with. She wore too much make-up, too much perfume, and was rarely caught without a wig on. Yet, despite how gaudy she should’ve appeared, she somehow managed to make it work.
Tony turned off the television set and said, “I came to get you out of here.”
“Why’d you turn that off?” she asked. She hadn’t heard what her grandson said. “Both you and Jerry keep turning off the damn TV. Why do you keep doing that? Jerry even stole my remote. And he opened up my blinds. Now it’s so damn bright in here, I swear to God it’s like the gates of heaven opened up on my face.” She looked in my direction and asked, “Can you close those damn things?”
Mimi’s window faced west, and the sun wasn’t even shining into the apartment yet, but I agreed to accommodate her. I walked into the apartment, but nearly tripped on a strip of black rubber in front on the floor. When Tony had kicked the door in, the weather stripping had peeled off, and I nearly fell because of it.
Mimi continued to ask Tony questions. “Haven’t you been watching TV? Didn’t you see what’s going on? It’s a mess.” A lot of people in their family tried to get Mimi to stop watching so much television. She had a bad habit of ordering crap from infomercials. 
“I know, Mimi,” said Tony in as close to a shout as he could without being rude. He unlocked the wheels of her chair and pushed her so that she was facing the door. “Where’s Jerry?”
“Mary? Oh, Jerry? He’s in his room. He turned off the TV, took my air purifier apart, and then disappeared into his room. Who knows what he’s up to?”
I saw the carcass of the air purifier that Jerry had disabled. The casing was leaned up against the wall, along with a filter, near the window. I noticed that the casing said it was an air purifier and an ionizer, and that it added more negative ions to the air. Whatever that meant.
I grabbed the blinds’ strings beside the window and yanked them, expecting the blinds to close. Unfortunately, my over-zealous yank ended up pulling the blinds off their mount and down to the floor.
“What the fuck is your problem?” asked Mimi. “Why are you breaking everything? Good Lord, you’re all a bunch of damn idiots. That’s what you are.”
I apologized profusely and tried my best to get the blinds back in place. Unfortunately, I’d broken them off the pegs that kept them fastened to the wall. I stood on the tips of my toes and pushed the pegs back into the drywall, and then gently set the blinds back in place, fully aware that the next time someone tugged even gently on the cord it would send the entire thing tumbling to the ground again. Oh well, that was a problem for someone else. I got the thick blinds closed, blocking any sunlight from getting inside, which was a relief to Mimi that she very nearly thanked me for. She didn’t, don’t get me wrong, but I suspect a ‘Thank you’ very nearly slipped through her lips before they puckered back up again.
Tony went to his little brother’s door and pounded on it. He knew better than to enter the room without warning. A worldwide apocalypse would seem like the worst time to masturbate, but when it comes to teenage boys you can never be certain.
Jerry was a good kid, and one of the smartest people I’ve ever met, but he suffered from severe social anxiety and an undiagnosed personality disorder that caused him to shun the outside world. He was happiest alone, tinkering in his room with his inventions and experiments. His family had learned the hard way not to leave expensive electronics alone around him, because he had a habit of stealing them and taking them apart. He rarely ever put the stuff back together again, and his room was littered with odds and ends plucked from purloined gadgets. Mimi and he were a perfect team. She would order a bunch of useless crap, and he’d take it all apart.
Jerry’s door opened and Tony was met with a metal rod that crackled and popped, as if it were an electrically charged weapon. It looked like a silver police baton with a cord snaking off the backend and down to a belt that Jerry had fashioned with a holster and a large, socketed battery pack. It looked like he’d been caught in the midst of creating a slimmed down version of a Ghostbusters cosplay outfit.
“What the heck is that?” asked Tony.
“Negative zapper,” said Jerry as he flipped a switch on his belt and then put the baton in the holster fashioned from what looked like a leather bra. Where he got a leather bra is anyone’s guess, and I couldn’t help but imagine Mimi gallivanting around in a warrior princess outfit that Jerry had dug out of a long forgotten, dusty box.
“Come on, we’re going to my place so we can figure out what to do,” said Tony as he took his little brother’s hand. He looked in my direction and said, “Dave, can you push Mimi?”
“Sure,” I said and walked over to her chair.
I paused when I heard something scratching on a nearby wall.
“Who are you?” she asked as she squinted up at me.
“That’s Dave, Mimi,” shouted Tony. “Gabby’s ex-boyfriend. You’ve met him before.”
“Dave?” asked Mimi as she looked at me quizzically until her expression changed into recognition. “Oh, I remember you.” Her curiosity quickly turned to hatred. “You broke Gabby’s heart. What’re you doing here? Don’t tell me she got back together with you. So help me, Lord, if this boy’s here stringing Gabby along I’ll strike him down for you. Thunder and lightning…”
“He’s not back with Gabby,” said Tony. “He’s here to help.”
She pointed up at me and said, “All right, fine. But you stay away from her and that baby.”
I felt like yelling at her for giving me grief about this instead of focusing on the squid-pocalypse going on all around us, but I just smiled and nodded. You can’t fix crazy, no matter how old, sweet, and innocent the package might look. Besides, I was starting to get a little freaked out by the sound coming from the wall. 
“Jerry, what’s that?” asked Mimi when she saw her grandson’s new device. “Did you take that out of my air purifier?”
“It’s a negative zapper,” yelled Jerry. “I needed it. We needed it for the…”
“Hush,” said Tony suddenly, interrupting his little brother by pressing his hand over the teen’s mouth. “Did you hear that?”
“The scratching?” I asked.
“What’s wrong?” asked Mimi.
“Yeah. What is that?” asked Tony as he looked around for the source of the noise.
“It sounds like its coming from your neighbor’s apartment.”
Tony looked up and said, “It sounds like it’s up there.”
I looked up, uncertain what I might see. White dust fell from an emerging crack, and directly into my eye. I cringed, turned away, and blinked, which caused the bits of plaster to scratch my eyeballs and make the pain worse.
“It’s one of those things,” said Tony from behind me.
“What things?” I asked, still blinded. “A squid?”
“Yeah, go, go. Go!” Tony hit my back.
I pushed Mimi’s chair, hoping that she was facing the door. My vision was blurred by tears, but I thought I saw the shape of the door’s threshold. Unfortunately I didn’t account for the thick weather-stripping that’d broken off the bottom of the door. The front wheels of Mimi’s chair caught the stripping, stopping it dead in its tracks and sending me tumbling forward over the back of the chair as I jettisoned the poor old grandma out onto the stoop.
“You dumbass,” she screamed at me from the ground as I fell forward over the back of the chair and face-planted into its cushion. I struggled to get up from my awkward position. My cheek was pressed against the plush cushion where Mimi’s butt had been all day, and I didn’t dare take a breath. However, getting a mouthful of cushion-fresh old lady farts was the least of my worries as a tentacle reached down from the ceiling and wrapped around my leg.
I was pulled upward, but my weight caused the tentacle to break further through the ceiling, exposing the creature that’d wormed its way between the walls. My eyes burned from the plaster scratching its way across my corneas, but I endured the pain and looked up at my attacker. I could see its maw carving its way through the ceiling as more tentacles of various sizes sprouted forth.
“Watch out,” said Jerry as he tried to come to my rescue, waving his home-crafted magic wand like a steampunk wizard at a LARPing event. “I’ll save him.”
“Tony, do something,” I pleaded as more vines of slimy flesh stretched down to cling to me. The barbed tips of the thin tentacles hooked into my pant legs as a larger tentacle snaked closer, threatening to slap its fierce suction cups to me and seal my fate.
“Jerry, move,” said Tony as he pushed his little brother aside.
“I don’t know why it’s not working,” said Jerry as he smacked his crackling wand against his palm and stared at it, dumbfounded by its failure. “It should work.”
Tony fired his pellet gun, but either he missed or the creature dragging me into its maw didn’t care, because I was still being pulled up. I held onto the chair and screamed as more tentacles slithered around my ankle to secure its hold. Tony tried to take more careful aim with his next shot, which didn’t do any good at all. His second shot sent a pellet straight into my calf, easily piercing my jeans and lodging in flesh.
“Ow, what the hell? Aim for its face. Shoot it in the damn face.” To this day I contend this was not advice I should’ve had to give. “Always shoot for the face.”
“What face?” asked Tony.
“Where its mouth is,” I said, again marveling at the necessity for such instruction.
“I’ll be right back,” said Jerry before disappearing back into his bedroom.
Tony aimed for the ceiling and started firing over and over. Plaster exploded and white dust rained down on us while Mimi screamed insults and curses from the stoop. I wasn’t sure if she was insulting the jellyfish monster or if she was still mad at me for dumping her on the pavement.
The creature retracted as some of the pellets found their mark in what I assumed was its face. The malleable, gelatinous creature slunk back in its hole, but it didn’t release me like I’d hoped. Instead, it forcefully pulled me up. I kept my grip on the chair, but it didn’t do much good as I dangled upside down now with a wheelchair swinging under me like a pendulum. My foot bashed into the hole above over and over as the creature tried to take me with it, bouncing me like a fishing bobber in a wave pool.
“What should I do?” asked Tony.
“How… should I… know?” I asked with the unintended rhythm of being hoisted and then dropped over and over. “Just… get me… down!”
Jerry returned from his bedroom swinging a katana. I swear to God, that little mentally handicapped monster was coming at me with all the ferocity of Norman Bates in a fright wig. I heard Tony yell at his little brother not to do it, but by that time it was too late. The psycho was going to chop through something squishy, and I just had to close my eyes and hope it was a tentacle instead of my leg.
My meager luck reservoir had been tapped out already today. Jerry sliced right through the tentacles gripping me, and sent that sword of his through the sole of my boot.
I fell headfirst to the floor, and a racist thought maligning Jerry’s poor piñata performance crossed my mind, but was cut off by my sudden unconsciousness.

*   *   *

As it turned out, I’d been knocked out for several minutes. When I came to, I was staring up at a bright blue sky dotted with wispy, white clouds, and my face was pulsing with pain.
“You up?” asked Tony when I started to groan. He was staring down at me, the bright blue sky and my impaired vision turning him into a familiar, blurry silhouette.
“Tony? What’s wrong with my face?”
“All sorts of stuff, you ugly bastard. Can you sit up?”
“I think so,” I said as I tried to come to grips with my surroundings. Everything was a little fuzzy. I came to a realization about my face. “Oh, I fell and hit my head. Right?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
I started to try and stand up, but Tony put his hand on my shoulder and told me to just sit instead of standing. “Why?” I asked, but then I saw blood all around me and recalled how Jerry had taken a whack at me with a katana.
I was in the courtyard between Mimi and Tony’s apartments. I was in the brown grass, surrounded by bloody towels and people with concerned looks on their faces. Well, most of them looked concerned. Mimi still looked mad at me, and I wondered if she’d been trying to convince the others to leave me here to rot because I’d dumped her out of her chair. She’s the type to carry a grudge. That’s where Gabby gets it.
“Did you cut off my foot?” I asked while looking at Jerry.
“No,” said Gabby, answering for her little brother. “You’re going to be fine.” Her hands, arms, and shirt were splattered with my blood, and I realized she’d been the one who dressed the wound. Gabby had spent a year studying to be a nurse before we dated, but dropped out when they raised tuition.
Otis was standing beside Gabby with his back to me. Tony tapped him on the arm and said, “Help me carry him.”
“It’s okay,” I said as I started to stand up. “I think I can hop along.” My foot was wrapped with my hoodie. Gabby had tied it on with string, and I could also feel a tight bandage on my skin that was keeping the wound closed. It stung, but I’d survive. I still had on my ‘Mother Fucker’ t-shirt, but it was getting as crusty as a gym sock in a single guy’s computer room.
“Well then hop along, Cassidy, and let’s get the fuck out of here,” said Otis, eager to leave.
“Where are we going?” I asked, still trying to get my bearings.
“Far away from here,” said Otis.
“Why? What’s wrong?” I asked as Tony helped me to my feet, or more accurately to my foot. I kept my right foot elevated and leaned on Tony’s shoulder for support.
“To the woods,” said Jerry, his katana in one hand and his Ghostbuster’s wand in the other.
“Here’s an idea,” I said while staring at Jerry’s sword. “How about someone take that sword away from him? Samurai Jerry needs some practice before he goes to war again.”
Otis tried to take the sword, but Jerry pulled away as if being attacked. His sister had to ease his nerves and promise that he’d get his sword back. Jerry reluctantly handed his weapon over while glaring at Otis.
“We need to get away from here,” said Tony.
“From here?” I asked and looked around at the apartments surrounding us. “Are those things all over the complex?”
“Yeah, they’re in the walls. And not just here, man,” said Tony. “They’re everywhere. We need to get out of town, and as far from civilization as we can.”
“He’s right,” said Otis. “We need to leave, now.”
“Why? What’d I miss?” I still didn’t have a clue about how widespread this event was. In my mind, we needed to seek out the police or the military for protection.
“This is going on all over the place,” said Otis. “Gabby and I were watching the news while you were over there trying to get your foot chopped off. These jellyfish things are popping out of people all over the place.”
“All over the world,” said Gabby, and her subdued, concerned tone brought the extent of this apocalypse into focus for me. Gabby wasn’t the sort of person who got caught off guard very often. She was whip smart, and a born leader who made decisive, concrete decisions. She rarely strayed from whatever path she got set on. Yet here she was, afraid and uncertain what to do. I looked into her glassy eyes and saw doubt and unease. It was an expression I’d only seen from her once, on the day we broke up.
Jerry continued to mumble, “Out of the cities. Out of the towns.” We ignored him as he fidgeted with his fingers, tapping their tips against one another as if performing calculations we weren’t privy to.
“They’re coming out of people all over the place,” said Tony. “They can control people for a while too, but then they, like, bust out. No one knows why. No one knows what the hell they are.”
“Gotta get in the light and stay in the light,” said Jerry. “Out of the cities. Out of the towns.”
“What’s he saying?” I asked.
“He’s just repeating what he heard on TV,” said Gabby. “Otis and I heard the same thing, at least about the light.”
“Stay in the light?” I asked.
Gabby nodded. “They said the squid-things don’t like sunlight.”
I looked at the sun, and the clouds around it.
“To the woods,” said Jerry. “Go to the woods.”
“Maybe he’s right about that to,” I said. “Maybe we should get out of town and away from people.”
“Except it ain’t just people that’ve got squids in them,” said Otis. “Remember the birds?”
“Yeah, he’s right,” said Tony. “There were birds dropping like bombs on our way here, with tentacles coming out of them.”
“Bird on a wire,” said Jerry. “Pop.” He shook his head and used his hands to mime an explosion. Then he continued to tap his fingers against one another. “Still to the woods. Go to the woods.”
“Imagine if we get out in the woods and find a pack of squid bears,” said Tony. “I’m not so sure that’s a good idea.”
“Then where do we go?” I asked. “Where’s safe?”
Gabby pointed west. “The mountains. As high up as we can get.”
“That’s a long way, Gabby,” said Tony. “And you can bet the roads are a parking lot by now.”
“Do you have a better idea?” asked Gabby.
I knew they were about to launch into a war of words, so I interrupted with a pertinent question, “Do they know why some people are infected and others aren’t?”
“Not that I heard,” said Otis.
“From what they said on the radio, no one knows much of anything about what the hell’s going on,” said Tony.
Gabby got her cell phone out and said, “Give me a minute. Maybe I can stream the news.”
Jerry tried to take her phone away, but both Tony and Gabby were used to dealing with their brother. They kindly, but forcefully, told him to stop. He was perturbed. He took out his wand and held it over Gabby’s head as if trying to act like an antenna.
As we waited for her to find a working feed on her phone, I glanced around at the complex. The two-story apartments formed an enclosed square around the courtyard. The only entrances were through covered arches on the north and south side. The apartments had entrances facing the courtyard, with another door on the opposite side that exited onto the parking lot. The design reminded me of a square version of a Roman colosseum, with us in the gladiator’s arena waiting for the lions to come devour us.
Right now it felt awfully vacant.
“Where’s everyone else?” I asked.
“You’re in Little Mexico,” said Tony. “Folks here got work. If they aren’t at a job, then they’re out looking for work.”
“Everyone?” I asked, unconvinced. I remembered hearing other people when we arrived. Where were they now?
My unease began to affect Tony as well, and he glanced around at all of the closed apartment doors. “I guess so,” he said, but all conviction had left his voice.
“Here we go,” said Gabby as she found a site that was streaming live coverage of what was happening in Chicago.
“Can’t you find anything local?” asked Tony, but his sister hushed him as the newscaster spoke.
The others crowded around the phone to listen, but I continued staring at the disconcertingly quiet apartments.
“…within city limits,” said the newscaster, her trembling voice revealing her terror. “We’ve seen multiple attacks all throughout the… all throughout the world. I… We… There’s no one telling us what to do.” She took a breath in an attempt to calm down. I admire her desire to push on with her duty and relay the news, but it was clear she didn’t have any idea what to say. “The military made contact with local officials to ask that they get the word out to stay indoors, but then they rescinded that advice. Now they’re saying to get outside. Early word from nations in the Middle East is that the Terrameds are coming out at night.”
“What did she call them?” asked Tony. “Terror meds?”
Gabby hushed him.
“They’re recommending you stay in the light, although we’re not certain if that means only sunlight or if…”
The lights in the studio dimmed, and there was a crackle of energy before everything returned to normal there. The newscaster stared at the camera, her mouth slightly agape. She didn’t move. Someone off camera asked, “Gloria?”
Gloria just stared straight ahead, and then her eye twitched as she let out a gurgle. I watched along with the others as the bizarre scene played out.
The newscaster’s eye bulged, and then returned to its socket before rolling upward.
“What’s going on?” asked Mimi from her chair. The rest of us were standing, huddled around Gabby as she held her phone, but Mimi couldn’t see. “What’s happening? Let me see.”
A tentacle pushed its way out of the newscaster’s skull, popping the eyeball from its socket and leaving it dangling on the woman’s cheek as the other people in the newsroom screamed in shock and horror.
The feed went dead.




6 – Bye, Bye Technology



Otis screamed obscenities while Mimi kept asking what’d happened. She yelled a few obscenities too, just for good measure.
Tony walked away from our circle, and put his hands on his head as if this was all more than he could take. Jerry was still holding his wand over our heads, waving it around like he was trying to drop pixie dust on us, and Gabby stared at me with uncertain eyes as she said, “The lights…” I didn’t hear the second half of what she’d said because of how loud Otis was cursing.
“What about the lights?” I asked.
“They were on her,” said Gabby. “The lights were pointed right at her. I thought these things didn’t like the light.”
“Maybe it’s just sunlight,” I said.
Gabby looked up at the sunny sky, and then back at me. “What about when it gets dark?”
“To the woods,” said Jerry, but we all ignored him.
“We need to be somewhere safe by then,” I said.
Gabby set her arms over her belly as if shielding the baby. “Where’s that? Where can we go?”
“I’ll figure something out,” I said.
She grumbled and cocked her head to the side to make sure I saw how ridiculous she thought my statement had been. “Yeah, sure you will.” Clearly the two of us still had issues to work out. She took charge, like usual. “Tony, we need to get to the mountains. How much gas do you have in the truck?”
“Half a tank, but I’m telling you, Gabby, the roads are going to be packed. We barely made it here. I can’t imagine what the highway’s going to be like.”
“Then we’ll take the back roads,” she said. “Or even better, we can drive down to the bike path. It goes all the way up to the foothills. There’s no roads or anything there. Your 4x4 can handle it.”
“Why are we headed to the mountains?” asked Otis.
“Because there won’t be many people up there,” said Gabby. “These things are coming out of people and animals, right? Well then, if we can make it up to the mountains then there’ll be less of them.”
“Why not go to the reservoir,” said Tony. “We could get a boat and head into the middle of the water to wait until they get this under control.”
“Really, Tony?” Gabby mocked her brother. “You want to hide from jellyfish monsters in a boat?”
“Yeah, okay,” said Tony. “You’re right, that’s a bad idea.”
“What about heading east?” asked Otis. “We could go out in the middle of Colorado, where there’s nothing but farms. That could be just as safe as the mountains.”
Gabby shot down his idea down too, “Hey, genius, Denver’s between us and the middle of Colorado. Do you really think we should try to haul ass through the city?”
“No, you’re right,” said Otis, and I enjoyed how he cowed to Gabby. I was used to seeing him in a position of authority. It was fun to see him relinquish command so easily.
“I know I’m right,” said Gabby. “We need to go west, away from the city. Away from the people.” She pointed west, towards Tony’s apartment. “Dave, you’ve got an aunt up in the mountains somewhere, right? You took me up there once.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think we should go there.”
“Why not?” asked Gabby.
I tried to think of an excuse. I didn’t want to explain the real reason. My aunt and I have a complicated relationship. “She usually leaves town this time of year.” That wasn’t true, but Gabby had no way of knowing it.
“So?” she asked. “I’m not hoping for a family reunion. I just want to find someplace we can go to get away from the city”
Jerry added, “Away from the lights. To the woods.”
Everyone else ignored him, like usual, but something about his determination drew my attention. Gabby started putting together a plan, but I interrupted her. “Hold on a second. Jerry, why do you keep saying that? Why do we need to go to the woods?”
“He does that,” said Tony. “You know how he is. He gets stuck on something and then just keeps repeating it.”
“Yeah, but he was right about these things hating the sun,” I said. “Maybe he heard something on TV about the woods. Is that what it is, Jerry? Did you hear something about it being safer in the woods?”
My question, and the sudden attention directed at him, upset Jerry. He clenched his eyes shut and began to tap his fingers erratically on his arms. “The negativity’s there. The birds don’t pop. Birds on power lines… they pop.”
“Well, whatever we decide, we need to decide it now,” said Otis. He didn’t have any patience for Jerry’s rambling. “It won’t be long before one of those things comes after us. Or one of us turns into one of them.”
“We won’t turn,” said Jerry. “Not with this.” He turned on his crackling wand again, and swung it around like a lightsaber.
“Why?” I asked. “What’s that do?”
“Nothing, Dave,” said Otis. “He thinks its magic. Just let him… Let him think whatever he wants. Let’s focus on what we know. First off, we know these things don’t like sunlight. Second, they’re popping out of motherfuckers without any warning.”
“No, that’s not true,” I said. “There’s a warning, sort of.”
“What do you mean?” asked Gabby.
“When I was at the gas station I felt this… I don’t know, this electric charge. Kind of like when you’re about to get struck by lightning.”
“How do you know what it feels like before you get struck by lightning?” asked Otis. “Has that happened to you a lot?”
“No, but from what I’ve heard you can feel it coming. When I was at the gas station I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up, and there was a loud pop. It sounded like a light bulb going out. And that’s right before some lady had a squid come out of her. And that news reporter.” I pointed at Gabby’s phone. “Right before it happened to her there was some sort of electrical issue at the station.”
“Okay,” said Gabby. “So you get, like, a two or three second warning before someone starts spitting squids? How’s that help?”
“It’s better than nothing,” I said. “If we stick together, then at least we’ll feel it if one of us starts to turn.”
We heard tires squealing nearby, quickly followed by a car door slamming shut and someone yelling out a name, “Andrea.”
There was a man coming our way from the parking lot. It was a concerned family member of someone who lived in the complex. He was running towards the covered, shaded tunnel that led to the courtyard where we were at.
I saw him enter the shadows, and then there was a burst of movement all round him. Snakes of black shot out of the walls, breaking free of the building to snag him like a fly in a spider web. His screams of shock were almost immediately muted as the powerful tentacles wrapped around his face like a python strangling its prey. Within mere seconds, the newcomer was pulled into one of the creatures’ mouths.
We watched as the creatures chewed at his body until it came apart. His legs came off like they were one of my old G.I. Joe toys (the ones with the rubber band inside them that would rot away. If you owned one, then you know what I’m talking about. I must’ve had twenty legless soldiers in my toy box. Enough to stage a gruesome recreation of Saving Private Ryan.) The creature dragged the pieces of flesh towards the wall, and then we heard the awful gnashing sound of multiple mouths grinding meat.
Mimi kept screaming obscenities and asking if we’d just seen that. Tony yelled at his grandmother that we’d seen it, and that we were trying to figure out what to do. Beaver barked incessantly, and I grabbed onto his harness to make sure he didn’t run into the entrance to try and fight the creature.
Gabby was clinging to my arm like she was my date at a scary movie, but she let go suddenly, as if repulsed by her instinct. She commanded the others to stop screaming, but the panic was hard to quell. Finally, once everyone had calmed down, Gabby said, “They’re in the walls. They’re trapping us here. They know we can’t get out without going through one of the apartments or through one of those tunnels. Either way, they can get us.”
“They know we’re trapped here,” said Tony. “That means they’re not just mindless killing machines. They’re thinking.”
“Maybe,” said Otis. “Or maybe it’s instinct.”
“No, I think Tony’s right. Look.” I pointed to the entryway where the most recent victim had been torn apart. The tentacles that weren’t holding onto pieces of flesh had begun to slink back into their holes, as if waiting for their next chance to attack. A few tentacles began to slide out of the lower portion of the archway and grab the remnants of their meal, like the man’s shoes, shredded clothes, and severed body parts. The tentacles slid the fragments of the corpse towards the courtyard, and then tossed them in our direction.
One of the man’s boots bounced within a few feet of us. The flesh was shredded near his ankle, and once the boot settled the broken femur was pointing straight at the sky.
There was a lot of screaming between the five of us. I don’t know how you’d react to getting a severed limb thrown at you by a demonic tentacle, but the way we reacted was to scream obscenities and huddle closer together, like a group of frightened cheerleaders in a horror film. After a moment, Otis went from scared to angry, and took a daring step towards the severed foot. For a second I thought he was going to pick it up by the protruding bone and fling it back at the archway. He refrained, and instead hurled insults at the monster.
“That thing’s mocking us,” said Tony.
I glanced backward, and then said, “No, I don’t think so. I think it’s trying to get us to run that way.” I pointed in the other direction, towards the other arched, shaded entryway on the north side. “I bet there’s another one of those things waiting for us there.”
“That settles it then,” said Otis. “It’s not just instinct. They trapped us. They’re working together.”
“Looks like it,” I said as I came to grips with our predicament.
“We’re fucked,” said Tony as if on the precipice of conceding defeat. “What’re we supposed to do?”
“Everyone, if you’ve got a phone that can get online, get it out,” said Gabby. “Start looking to see if anyone’s figured out a way to fight these things.”
“No,” said Jerry, suddenly incensed. “Turn the phones off.”
“Jerry, stop it,” said Gabby. “This is serious. Okay? We’re trying to figure out a way to save ourselves. You need to calm down.” She used a soothing, even tone that she’d learned from dealing with her autistic brother’s tense episodes through most of their lives. However, this time it didn’t seem to work.
Jerry flipped the switch on his belt that powered the homemade wand he’d devised from pieces of his grandmother’s air purifier. He started to wave it as he walked in a circle around us. He continued to mumble something about negativity as Tony, Gabby, and Otis tried to use their phones to get online and search for any clues about how to deal with the creatures.
“I can’t get online,” said Otis. “I’m not getting a signal.”
“I am,” said Tony. “But it’s going slow. There’s probably a billion people searching for the same thing we are.”
“I guess that depends on if there’s still a billion people left alive,” I said as I looked around at the quiet apartments. Why weren’t there others running out into the courtyard? Was everyone dead? Had they all turned into those things? I tried to remember what the newscaster had called them. Terrormeds, was that it? Or Terrameds?
“Here, I found something,” said Gabby. “It’s about how the military is trying to…” she paused while reading.
Otis asked, “Trying to what?”
“Give me a second,” said Gabby as she quickly read through the report. “They’re trying to figure out how to kill these things. Bullets can, but it takes a long time. It’s like trying to shoot a jellyfish to death. You can do it, but it’s not efficient.”
“What’s an efficient way to do it?” asked Tony.
“Give me a second,” said Gabby. “That’s what I’m trying to find.” She scanned the report. “They say it’s no use smashing them. They can squish themselves down super thin. That’s how they can squeeze into the walls. You have to cut them up into as many pieces as you can.”
“Good call grabbing the sword, Jerry,” said Tony as he gave his brother a pat on the back.
“What about burning them?” I asked, hoping that was an option.
“Um, hold on,” said Gabby. “It doesn’t say anything about… Oh wait, here. It says that when the larger tentacles sustain damage they balloon up with a gelatinous secretion as a defensive mechanism, the same way an octopus can release ink. If you try to burn them, they’ll release this defensive fluid to put out the flames, and apparently it works pretty well. That gunk is flame retardant.”
“Great,” said Tony. “So we need to go at them Game of Thrones style. I can dig that.”
“Slow your roll, Khaleesi,” said Gabby. “They say to stay away from them unless absolutely necessary because these things can survive almost any attack. In order to kill them, you have to take out their brains, and they can move them around all over their bodies. Oh, that’s nasty.”
“They can move their brains?” asked Tony.
Otis hit me in the shoulder and said, “That must be what we saw. Remember? When that squid came out of that lady.”
“Right,” I said. “It was pink, and there was a purple flap of skin over it.”
“Yeah, that’s it,” said Gabby. “And apparently it’s really hard to get to the brain without getting caught in the tentacles.”
“What about rocket launchers?” asked Tony.
Gabby looked at her brother like he was an idiot. “Where are you going to get a rocket launcher?”
“I’m not talking about us,” said Tony. “I’m talking about the army.”
“How about we focus on us for now,” she said. “Let’s save the rocket launcher debate for when we’ve got rocket launchers.” Her derision was biting.
“Does it say why the hell these things are appearing inside people all of the sudden?” asked Otis.
“No one knows,” said Gabby. “At least according to this. It just started happening all over the place, at the same time.”
“It’s the ham guys,” said Jerry, and I assumed he was muttering nonsense as he waved his wand around.
Everyone else ignored Jerry as well. All except Mimi, who yelled at him to stop acting like a fool with that wand of his. I almost shrugged off his odd statement, but something about it gave me pause.
Gabby, Otis, and Tony continued searching online for news, but their connection had stalled. I went over to Jerry, intrigued by his rambling, and asked, “What do you mean about the ham guys? What ham guys?” 
“The, uh, the coats. You know, the scientists,” said Jerry, but he was more interested in continuing to wave his wand around than talk to me. I grabbed his arm to earn his full attention.
“What scientists?”
“The Germans,” he said before wincing from how tight I was holding his wrist.
“Guys,” I said to get the others’ attention. “I think Jerry’s onto something.”
“About what?” asked Otis.
I explained, “I heard a news report this morning about an experiment in Hamm, Germany. Something about…” I tried to remember, but I hadn’t paid much attention to the report at the time. “I don’t know. It was some experiment that had something to do with gravity.”
“No, no, no,” said Jerry. “Metamaterial that pulls…” He stopped, and I wasn’t sure if that was all he had to say, or if his attention had wandered.
“Pulls what?” I asked.
“Positive char…” Jerry stuttered, and was distracted by the attention from all of us. He had to close his eyes as he struggled to say, “Positively charged ions.”
“That’s what this is for, right?” I asked as I pointed at his wand.
He nodded.
“The air purifier?” asked Gabby.
“It doesn’t just clean the air,” I said. “It’s an ionizer. I think it creates negative ions.”
“Dude, you lost me,” said Tony. “What’s that? Negative, huh?”
“Negative ions,” I said.
“What the fuck are those?” asked Tony.
“I don’t know,” I said. “I saw it on the air purifier’s case at Mimi’s.” We all turned our attention to Mimi, which was a surprise to her. She’d been quietly contemplating the apocalypse in her near-deaf state, biting nervously at her already short fingernails.
“What?” she asked. “Why’re you all looking at me?”
Tony knelt in front of her wheelchair and shouted so that she could hear him, “Mimi, we need to know about the air purifier that Jerry broke.”
“What about it?”
“Was it an ionizer?” he asked.
“Lion sizer?”
Tony repeated himself, louder and slower this time, “Was it an ionizer?”
“Oh, yes. It was. Why?”
“What does that mean? What’s it for?”
“It’s good for you,” said Mimi. “I saw it on TV. The more negative ions you have around you, the happier you are. It’s true. Don’t look at me like I’m crazy, Gabriella. It’s proven by science.”
“I’m not looking at you like you’re crazy,” said Gabby, but her brother hushed her before he continued to ask their grandmother questions.
“Mimi, if it makes negative ions, then what makes positive ones?”
“Electronics,” said Mimi. “All of your stupid cell phones, and cars, and TVs, and all that stuff.”
“That’s why Jerry kept waving that wand when we were using our phones,” said Gabby. “He was trying to counteract them.”
“So those Terrameds are attracted to cell phones?” asked Tony as he glanced back at the archway where the creature was waiting for us.
“Maybe they’re attracted to positive ions,” I said as I tried to piece together what was going on. “Or maybe the negative ions stop them from appearing in people.”
“So wait,” said Otis. “Every time we use our cell phones, or drive a car, or watch TV we might have a fucking octopus pop out of our face?”
“I guess so,” I said.
“Do we have to throw them away?” asked Tony like he was being asked to do the impossible.
“We should at least turn them off,” said Gabby.
Everyone looked down at their phones (except me, because mine was dead as a doornail) as if being asked to put a loved one out of their misery. One by one, they powered down the devices that’d come to dominate modern life.
“To the woods,” said Jerry, again repeating what he’d been trying to tell us all along.




7 – The Playground Trap



“Yeah, sure,” said Gabby. “To the woods, Jerry. We know. But first we’ve got to figure out how to get past that thing.” She pointed towards the entrance of the courtyard.
After a moment of silence, Tony asked, “Any ideas?”
“Whatever we do, we need to do it fast,” said Otis. “If the sun’s the only thing keeping these things from making a meal of us, then I sure as hell don’t want to be around when it gets dark. We need to get out of here with enough time to make it to the woods, or the mountains, or wherever.”
“What about mirrors?” asked Tony, and we all looked at him in uncertainty. “If we had some big mirrors we could, you know, reflect the sun into the entrance. Don’t look at me like I’m an idiot. I’m trying to brainstorm here.”
“Where are we going to get mirrors?” asked Gabby.
“From the apartment,” said Tony.
“The apartment with the walls full of octopus-Terramed-things? Who’s going to volunteer to run in there and rip a mirror off the wall? You?” asked Gabby, mocking her brother’s bad idea.
“It’s better than standing around here waiting for those things to get hungry and come eat us,” said Tony.
“Yeah, you should try it. Go ahead, run on in. Maybe if they eat your fat ass they’ll fill up and the rest of us can make a run for it,” said Gabby, escalating the sibling rivalry.
“Do you have a better idea?” asked Tony.
“Yes,” said Gabby. “I don’t even have an idea, and it’s still better than yours.”
Otis was sick of hearing them bicker. “Would you two stop it? For fuck’s sake.” He looked up to heaven and asked, “What’d I do wrong, huh? Why’d you stick me in Little Mexico with these fools? Did I piss you off or what? Is it because I don’t go to church no more? I’m sorry, Big G. Get me out of Little Mexico and I’ll make it up to you, I swear. Don’t let me die here, of all places, in beaner town.”
“Otis, go right ahead and run for the border,” said Tony. “We won’t stop you.”
“Here’s an idea,” I said, fed up with all of them. “How about all of you shut up and help me figure out how to get out of this mess.”
“Oh, watch out,” said Tony, chiding me. “The white dude thinks he’s in charge. He’s going to want to build a wall or something.”
“Ain’t that the truth!” Otis high-fived Tony as they laughed.
I should’ve responded by decrying their attempt to turn our situation into a sociopolitical analogy. I could’ve explained how our predicament inside Little Mexico was an opportunity to shun the stereotypes that plagued modern culture, and prove that mankind was better off working together rather than drawing distinctions between two otherwise relatable parties with common goals. That’s what I should’ve done, but instead I said, “Fuck you guys.”
“I can ask Jason to come get us,” said Gabby.
“How do you plan to do that?” asked Tony.
“He’s been texting me. He wanted to make sure I was okay. If I asked him to come here, he’d do it.”
“I thought we didn’t want to risk using our phones,” I said.
“It’s better than waiting around for you to do anything,” said Gabby. “And we were using our phones a minute ago without a problem. Maybe those things stopped appearing. Besides, we don’t even know if that’s really what’s causing it.” She took out her phone and turned it on.
“Aren’t the two of you broken up?” I asked.
“He wants to get back together. He still loves me. He’d come running if I asked him to.”
Gabby’s phone chimed as it turned back on. I snatched it away from her.
“Hey! Give it back.”
“I’ll text him,” I said.
She was furious, and slapped at me while demanding her phone back.
“Stop it,” I said as I waited for the phone to finish booting up. “I’ll text him.”
Tony held his sister back. “Quit fighting. He’s trying to protect you and the baby.”
Her anger cooled when she realized I wasn’t just being a jerk. If using technology somehow opened a person up to a Terramed infection, then I sure as hell wasn’t going to stand there and watch a mother and her unborn baby fall victim.
Jerry came over to me, his metal rod crackling with energy. He pointed the wand directly at the phone in my hands, and then made circles above my head before walking around me like he was a hippie cleansing the area with sage. I had a roommate who used to do that all the time. She called it ‘smudging’, and our apartment would stink like a tire fire afterward.
I found the texts that Jason and Gabby had been passing back and forth. Curiosity (or, let’s be honest, jealousy) got the better of me, and I read through the most recent ones.
Jason: Babe u ok?
Jason: Pls answr
Jason: U ok?
I’m a stickler for using correct grammar when texting. The sight of ignorantly abbreviated words and lack of punctuation are like nails on a chalkboard in my brain. I already didn’t like this guy, and now I was learning to hate him.
Gabby: With Mimi and Jer. Holy shit. It’s nuts.
Jason: U and babe good?
Did he mean ‘baby’? Was that a misspelling, or did he refer to the baby as ‘babe’ often? Was that a term of endearment between them? Why was I obsessing about this?
Gabby: We’re good. U?
Jason: Im cumin over.
Oh for fuck’s sake. Really? ‘Cumin’? What an idiot. And why didn’t his phone autocorrect his atrocious grammar and stick an apostrophe between ‘I’ and ‘M’? My best guess was that he made the error so frequently that his phone just gave up trying to fix it.
Gabby: No. Stay home. B safe.
Jason: done b lik that. Lemme cum.
Gabby: I’ll call you ltr. B safe.
Jason: k fine. Luv u.
That was, thankfully, the last text. I got some childish pleasure out of the fact that Gabby didn’t respond to him in kind.
“What’s wrong?” asked Gabby.
“Nothing, I’m just waiting for the phone to finish starting up,” I lied.
I quickly typed out a text, but then erased it and rewrote it in an attempt to make it sound more genuine, as if he might’ve been able to guess it wasn’t Gabby typing. I’m not sure why I thought that would matter. Even though it killed me to use abbreviations and bad grammar, I forced myself.
Gabby: Need ur help. Come 2 Lil Mex. Bring lots o big mirrors. Trapped in courtyard. Honk when u get here.
“Okay,” I said to the others when finished. “I sent him a text asking for help.”
Gabby asked me to read her what I’d written, and while I was in the process, Jason replied.
Jason: omw
I quickly texted him back.
Gabby: Turn your phone off. Trust me. Do it. Turn it back on after you get here and honk, and I’ll text you.
I relayed our texts to the others, and then turned off Gabby’s phone.
“Now what?” asked Otis.
“Now we wait for a rescue,” I said.
It seemed like the Terrameds took my statement as a challenge. I could hear them moving through the walls, as if trying to constrict around us. Plaster cracked, and a few pieces of a nearby wall fell into a flowerbed.
“Did you see that?” asked Otis, pointing out the obvious.
Tony and Mimi both cursed. Jerry held his wand out in front of him with both hands as if preparing to slay a dragon. Gabby came over to me and held out her hand. For a moment, I thought she wanted me to hold it.
“My phone,” she said with her palm up, flicking her fingers to signal that she wanted what was hers.
I handed the phone back and said, “Leave it off.”
Otis picked up a small stone and threw it at the wall where the plaster had broken free, to the west, near Tony’s apartment. He yelled, “Come on out and get us, you slimy pieces of…”
Tony grabbed his shoulder and asked, “What’re you doing, man? Don’t piss them off.”
Otis had indeed angered them. We heard a calamitous shaking, and a window shattered as the stucco wall began to fall away, revealing slithering shapes inside. For a brief moment I saw a glimpse of the pink organ that we suspected was a brain.
None of us expected Otis’s reaction. He turned to face Tony, scowled, and then stole the katana. He headed for the wall where the Terramed’s were hiding.
“No, stop!” I tried to grab him, but he wormed out of my grip and went to challenge the monster in the wall.
“Come on, motherfucker. Let’s see what you got. Let’s see.”
The wall shuddered, and some plaster fell away, revealing even more slithering shapes snaking around within. Past the inch of stucco, and the wire mesh, was the gap where insulation should’ve been. It was in that gap that we could see the creatures moving around. 
We yelled at Otis to return, but he was determined to fight back against the monsters that’d trapped us. He stabbed the wall near where the brain had been, easily piercing the stucco and sending six inches of the blade inside. The monster squealed, and the entire façade began to rumble. I could see the tentacles within sliding back and forth, and they were suddenly slick with black blood. More plaster began to fall away as gelatinous shapes ballooned within. We heard a series of quick ‘pops’, and then a gush of brown fluid spilled out. It was as if the wall was filled to bursting with the goo. The sword started to wobble, and then shake violently as the tentacle it was stuck in tried to rip free.
There was a loud snap of metal that preceded the katana falling free. Six inches of its blade had broken, and was still stuck in the wall as the hilt hit the ground. Otis retrieved the broken sword before returning to us.
The sun’s position allowed it to shine directly on the crumbling façade. It was almost as if the Terrameds had purposefully exposed parts of themselves to the sunlight, although I couldn’t fathom the reason.
Tony was shouting angry reprimands at Otis for what he’d done, but I ignored them and watched how the creature responded to the assault. The fluid that oozed from the breaks in the wall was thick, gelatinous, and filled with the tiny, red worms that I’d seen at the gas station. The fluid was spreading, but it wasn’t just sliding down the wall like I expected. It was moving across whatever surface it touched in every direction it could. The worms were pushing at the edges, searching for space to move, and spreading the mucus, like slugs leaving a trail of slime behind them.
“Guys,” I said as I stared, transfixed by what was happening.
Tony and Otis continued their bickering, ignoring the way the noose around our necks was growing tighter. The goo was spreading, covering the walls, doors, and windows of the apartments. The exposed holes in the stucco were quickly filled. It wasn’t just happening where Otis had stuck the sword. The majority of the western wall shuddered as the creatures within exploded their pus-filled sacs.
The brown liquid dripped from the top of the entryways to the north and south, creating growing pools that would eventually build and block our only way out. These monsters were building a prison to hold us in. I felt like a fly caught in a web, helplessly stranded as the spider cocoons me.
“Guys, shut up and look,” I pointed to one of the entrances.
A tentacle broke through the top of the entrance where the fluid was leaking. The appendage pushed downward. Another appeared beside it, and then another. The tentacles grew slowly, forcing their way down through the fluid like the teeth of a closing mouth. The gelatinous goo flowed along the length of the tentacles as we watched in disbelief.
“What’s it doing?” asked Gabby.
I looked at the other entrance of the courtyard and saw the same thing happening there.
“It’s barring us in,” said Otis.
“What?” asked Tony.
“He’s right. Look,” I said as I peeled off a piece of the hardened gel that was still on my skin. I squeezed the solidified gelatin between my fingers to show how durable it was. “Once that stuff dries, we won’t have a way out of here. They’re trapping us in.”
“How long until it dries?” asked Gabby.
“It hasn’t been long since it got on me.”
“How long do you think it’s going to take for Jason to get here?” asked Otis.
“He lives about fifteen minutes away,” said Gabby.
“On a good day, with no traffic,” said Tony.  “And without an army of squid monsters trying to eat everyone. Who knows how long it’ll take him to get here. By the time he does, we’ll be trapped.”
I picked up a rock and said, “Let’s try and stop it.” I flung the rock at one of the entrances, but it flew harmlessly between two of the tentacles.
“Ball one,” said Otis as he found his own rock to throw. His aim was far better than mine. His rock found its target in the center of a tentacle, but it bounced away without even causing the creature to flinch. It took a glob of fluid off with it, but the worms quickly returned to patch the hole.
“That’s not going to work,” said Gabby.
“If you’ve got a better idea, let’s hear it,” said Tony as he started hurling stones as well.
“All right,” said Gabby as she looked around. “Let’s tear down the playground and try to use the slide or the swings to push at the tentacles. That’ll work better than throwing rocks.”
“How are we going to get close to it?” I asked.
“We don’t have to,” said Gabby. “We can take the swings down and tie one end to a brick or something. Then we can throw it at the tentacle, and pull it back.”
“That’s actually a pretty good idea,” said Otis.
“I know it’s a good idea,” said Gabby as she headed to the playground. “Now hurry up and help me.”
“How are we going to pull the swings down?” asked Otis, and I thought of the tools in the back of Tony’s truck. They were useless out there, of course, but it amused me that we’d found ourselves in a quandary that required the tools we’d previously been holding.
“I don’t know,” said Gabby. “Let’s figure it out.”
I took a step to follow, but noticed the ground vibrating beneath me. It felt like I’d stepped on a ringing cell phone, and I reacted by quickly moving aside and glancing down. I couldn’t see anything on the ground that would cause the odd vibration, which terrified me because it meant there was something underneath.
“Guys,” I said loud enough to get everyone’s attention. “I think they’re under…”
I didn’t get the chance to finish before the Terrameds attacked. It was as if they knew their subterfuge had been detected, and decided to strike to maintain their initiative.
The sprinkler heads installed at the edges of the courtyard sprung up from their posts. The black, plastic caps flew into the air, followed immediately by thin, barbed tentacles. Each sprinkler head had a single tentacle sprouting from it, snapping at the air around it in an attempt to reach us.
Everyone screamed out in terrified shock, and retreated further into the courtyard, as far from the edges as possible. It was as if the walls were closing in on us. The Terrameds were shrinking our safe area. Up until that point I’d assumed these creatures were acting on instinct, like animals hunting prey. Despite how they’d trapped us inside of Little Mexico, I still only accredited them a level of intelligence similar to that of wolves.
It was in that moment, as I watched Tony push his grandmother’s wheelchair towards the park, that I realized we’d been outwitted. We were being herded into place. We were going exactly where the Terrameds wanted.
“They’re in the pipes,” I said, but not in time to stop what was about to happen.
Those sprinkler heads weren’t just on the periphery of the courtyard. When I’d felt the vibration, it was from one of the tentacles snaking its way through a pipe directly beneath us.
I saw a sprinkler head shoot up from the ground beneath Mimi’s wheelchair. A tentacle pierced the bottom of the chair, rose up between Mimi’s legs, and then tried to wrap around her throat. She caught it with both hands, and the tentacle whipped around in her grip as she screamed out a slew of curses.
It looked like Mimi had pulled out a long, flaccid…
I should pause here to apologize in advance for being crude, but let’s be honest, if you haven’t realized that I’m not terribly concerned about being polite then you haven’t been paying attention.
It looked like Mimi had pulled out a long, flaccid penis from between her legs and was wrestling with it in her wheelchair. She flung it back and forth as it tried to stab at her face with its barbed tip. Tony was trying to pull the chair away from the creature, but it wasn’t doing any good.
“Dave,” said Otis from the playground where he was standing with Jerry. Gabby was near him, holding onto Beaver’s harness. I looked over at them in time to see Otis toss the sword to me.
I’d love to say that I snatched the sword out of the air like Arthur grabbing Excalibur, but that’d be a lie. I dodged to the side and let the broken sword hit the ground before daring to pick it up. I’d already had one limb sliced open, the last thing I needed was to lose a finger by trying to pretend like I had any semblance of dexterity.
“Somebody do something,” said Mimi as she strangled the tentacle.
I dropped to my knees beside her chair, grabbed the tentacle near the top of the broken sprinkler head, and then awkwardly chopped at it. I sawed at the rubbery skin, and black blood spewed out over the blade.
Mimi had wrapped the tentacle around her fists like a mountain climber hanging onto a rope for dear life, and she pulled it hard enough to cause the last bit of skin to rip free near my cut. She pulled the severed appendage up through the hole in her seat and tossed the still writhing tentacle to the grass behind me. She looked down at me in front of her wheelchair with a mix of concern and appreciation. I expected her to say, ‘Thank you,’ but instead she yelled, “Move your ass!”
I scrambled to my feet as Tony hoisted his grandmother, chair and all, into his arms and ran to the sand preceding the playground equipment. For a brief moment he displayed a heroic level of strength as he carried his grandmother to safety, but the minute his feet hit the sand he took a tumble. He twisted his ankle, fell forward, and dumped his grandmother to the ground just like I had earlier.
I heard her curse about all of our clumsiness as Gabby and Otis came down to help her up. I got to Tony and helped him to his feet. The two of us were quite the pair now, with my right foot sliced up and his left ankle twisted. I thought we could support one another, but that didn’t end up working out like I expected. We both hopped through the sand to the safety of the playground as the tentacles searched the grass for more victims.
“Look at them,” said Otis as I climbed up onto the platform where he was standing. We were on a middle platform, beside a crane device meant to scoop up sand from below, and Otis was pointing over a plastic divider at the tentacles in the grass. “They’re burning.”
“What?” I asked in disbelief as I looked out at the tentacles in the grass. I was expecting to see the slimy appendages bursting into flames and turning to ash like a vampire in a Hammer film, but instead the tentacles were twisting and retreating back into the pipes. Their sensitive skin had turned pinkish and was blistering. Some of them managed to disappear back into the sprinkler system, but a few of them that were in direct sunlight didn’t make it back before the sun cooked them. They were quickly losing strength, like a worm dying on a hot sidewalk.
The Terrameds’ thinner, barbed tentacles didn’t explode with sacs of pus when damaged the way the larger tentacles did. I felt like a biologist studying an unknown species, taking notes on its abilities. Now if only I could discover a way to counteract the stench from the goo these things emitted.
I looked at the side of the apartment complex where Otis had stuck the sword. I could still see tentacles writhing around within the walls, and the worms spreading the gelatinous fluid over the holes.
“It’s a hive,” I said.
“A what?” asked Otis.
“They’re building a hive. They’re going to let that gel harden on the walls, and then they’ll be safe in there.”
“All right, so?”
“Well, what’s a hive for?” I asked.
Otis shrugged and said, “I don’t know. To make babies in.”
That hadn’t occurred to me. “Yeah, all right, sure. But what else?”
“I don’t know man.” Otis was getting frustrated with me. “Just say what you’re thinking.”
“They’re going to sleep in it. And if these things can’t stand the sunlight, then they must be nocturnal. So they need to build something that they can sleep in during the day. Right?”
“I guess so. Get to the point.”
Tony and Gabby were paying attention now as well. If they were desperate enough to listen to one of my ideas, then I knew we were in trouble. I started forming a plan while explaining it at the same time, which is never a good idea. “What if we burn down that side of the complex?” I pointed in the direction of Mimi’s apartment.
“What the hell for?” asked Gabby. “That slime they make is fire retardant. Remember?”
“Yeah, I know. But they can’t have an endless supply of it. And if they use it for building nests, or hives, or whatever, then they aren’t going to want to waste it.”
“How do you know they don’t have an endless supply of it?” asked Gabby. “You’re not a Terramed expert. Who the hell knows what those things can do?”
“I might not be an expert,” I said as I scanned the trap we were stuck in. “But I’m a fast learner.” 




8 – The Affectionately Named Cum Dumpster



Gabby laughed. “You, a fast learner? Sure thing, genius. Keep that dream alive.”
“I know that those things don’t like fire and sunlight, and I know they shield themselves from it with the worm-snot they make. I bet if we start to burn stuff down they’ll either rush over to put the fire out or they’ll all go that way and hide,” I pointed to Tony’s apartment, near where the Terrameds were creating a hive. “Either way, it gives us a shot at getting out of here.”
“How do you figure?” asked Tony.
“If they go put out the fire then maybe we can run through one of the entrances. And if they go hide on the other side, then we can run through your grandmother’s apartment and get to the parking lot.”
“Through the fire?” asked Gabby.
“No,” I said. “We’ll start the fire outside of her neighbor’s house.”
“How are you going to start a fire?” asked Tony. “Do you have a lighter?”
“No, but I bet Jerry could think of a way to start one with that contraption of his.” I looked up at their little brother, who was standing on the top platform beside the captain’s wheel. “What do you think, Jerry? Could you get that battery on your belt to start a fire?”
“Uh, yeah, I guess. I think so. Sure. I’m pretty… I’m pretty sure I could.”
“We could use some of Mimi’s bobby pins,” said Tony. “And jam them into the socket on that belt of his.” Tony started to search his grandmother’s wig for bobby pins.
“What the hell are you doing?” she asked.
“Hold up, Mimi. Stop hitting me. I need some bobby pins.”
“Body tins?”
“Bobby pins!”
“Oh, well why the hell didn’t you just ask for them instead of digging at my head like a nut-starved squirrel?” She pulled a few bobby pins out of her hair and handed them over.
“Don’t you think we should wait for Jason?” asked Gabby.
“We can’t afford to wait for a rescue,” I said. “You might have to face the possibility that he’s not coming, ever.” It felt like a harsh thing to say the second it left my lips, and I regretted it.
“I’m with Dave,” said Otis. I was looked at him in surprise, shocked that he agreed with me. “I know, I’m as surprised as you, but for the first time in your life you had a good idea. What’re we going to use to start a fire?”
“We could use our clothes,” said Tony.
“We don’t have a lot of clean clothes,” I said. “Most of us are covered in blood and slime.” I pointed to the dead tree about twenty yards away from us and said, “We can use that.”
“And how are you planning on getting there?” asked Gabby.
“Carefully,” I said. “We know where the sprinkler heads are. If I avoid them, I can make it to the tree. I’ll climb up it and snap off as many branches as I can and bring them back. Then we can start making torches with them and whatever clothing you guys can scrounge up. How’s that sound?”
“Sounds dangerous,” said Tony.
“Yeah well,” I said with a smarmy grin, “Danger just happens to be my middle…”
“Don’t even say it,” said Gabby. “This is a dumb idea. I’m not going to let you go running out there in the middle of a minefield to grab some sticks so that you can try to burn us all to hell. We should wait a while. We’re safe up here. Let’s wait and see if Jason can get here.”
“Gabby, you didn’t see what we saw,” said Tony. “Dave’s right. It’s a miracle we made it here. The roads were a mess.”
I started to walk past Gabby to get to the bottom landing of the playground. She grabbed my shirt to stop me. “Wait. Just wait a damn minute. Let’s talk about this.”
“There’s nothing to talk about,” I said. “Either we do something to get out of here, or we’re going to be a midnight snack for these things.” We were pressed against one another on the small platform, and I set my hand on her belly. I locked eyes with her. “And I’m not going to let that happen to you.”
“Quit it.” She brushed my hand off her stomach. “Stop acting like a hero.”
“Who’s acting, babe?” I hopped off the final platform and down to the sand.
“Wait,” said Jerry. “Take this.” He took off his homemade belt and brought it down to me. He showed me how to use it, but when I tried to fit the belt on I realized that Jerry was about ten sizes smaller than me. I had to strap the bra/belt over my shoulder like a bandoleer. I always assumed that putting on a bandoleer would automatically turn even a sloppy schlub of a guy like me into a macho he-man, but any sense of bravado earned by the attire was lost due to the fact that I was actually wearing an old woman’s bra. 
The battery unit was hot and pressed to my chest. It stank of burning plastic, which was disconcerting. I flipped the power switch on it, and the wand crackled to life.
“Otis, why don’t you go instead of Dave?” asked Gabby.
“Me? Why? It was his idea.”
“Because you’re taller,” said Gabby. “You could reach up into the tree and grab the branches easier. Why are we making Dave go?”
“It’s okay,” I said. “I’ll be fine.”
“You’d better be, you pain in the ass,” she said, and meant every word, especially the ‘pain in the ass’ part.
I set out on my foolhardy quest, like an adventurer in a fantasy novel, my crackling wand held before me in one hand, and a broken sword in the other. There were two sprinklers between me and the tree. The first had the remains of the appendage that I’d cut in half lying beside it, but the second hadn’t produced a tentacle yet. The sprinkler head had popped up, probably due to the pressure generated by the creature moving through the thin pipe. 
I inched my way towards it, swiping my wand in front of me as I took careful steps. I kept my distance, but didn’t want to go too far around because then I might get within reach of one of the other sprinklers.
A flock of geese passed overhead, honking as they headed south. I cringed at the sound, and tried not to think of one of those giant birds sprouting tentacles and falling on me. The birds passed without incident, and I continued my tenuous journey to the tree. I had to step over a prairie dog mound, and I peered into the dark hole, fearful of what might be hiding inside. There were no tentacles in sight, so I continued to the tree.
I was looking for dry branches, but the majority of the low ones had already been broken off by children in search of swords. I had to climb the tree, which is an activity I hadn’t participated in since I was a kid. Do you remember how easy climbing a tree used to be? You might assume it’s like riding a bike, and that you could easily climb one if necessary. Well, let me assure you, it’s not as easy as you think, especially not while wielding a sword.
My first attempt was a miserable failure. I tried to jump up and grab onto a sturdy branch to hoist myself up, but that proved far harder than expected. What was I thinking? My fat ass hadn’t done a pull-up in well over a decade. How did I expect to monkey my way up into a tree? I got back down and reevaluated my approach, settling on a running jump. I slid the sword through one of my belt loops, clicked off the battery pack on the bra, and then holstered the wand. Next I ran forward (hobbled is a more apt description), jumped, and kicked off the trunk of the tree to give me more height. I was able to grab onto a higher branch so that I could swing my leg over the lowest. It might’ve been an ugly mounting, but it worked.
I started snapping off small branches and tossing them to the ground. Gabby yelled at me to hurry, but I didn’t dare. I knew I was one ill-placed step away from falling. As I worked, a cloud passed over the sun, providing momentary relief from the heat and blinding light. I continued working for a little while, until certain I’d cut down enough branches to help build the fires. I knew that the only way for us to make it through Mimi’s apartment would be if the fires on either side were large enough to require the Terrameds’ attention, and that meant starting two large blazes.
I relaxed as I waited for the cloud cover to move.
“What’re you waiting for?” asked Gabby.
“For the sun to come back out,” I yelled to her. “I don’t want to risk being on the ground if…” I glanced down and saw something move in the grass. I squinted as I stared. It looked like the ground was moving, and then I caught sight of a tentacle inside of the prairie dog hole. It was one of the creature’s eyes, attached to a stalk and stretched to the opening of the mound, staring up at me. I pointed and screamed down at the monster, “I see you, you piece of shit.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Gabby.
“I see one of them down there. It’s in a prairie dog hole.” I flipped the little black orb off and then grabbed onto a stick nearby to break free and toss down in an attempt to spear the peeping eyeball. I missed with the first shot, and reached back up to get another branch for a second try. I grabbed one of the branches, but was surprised to find it was more pliable than the rest of the dead tree’s limbs. I dared to take my eyes off the creature below to inspect the moist branch in my grip, and that’s when I realized that the Terramed had tricked me yet again.
While I’d been focused on the creature near the ground, the rest of its body was sneaking up the trunk of the tree behind me, out of the view of my friends on the playground. Its tentacles were creeping along the branches all around me, taking their time in an attempt to get in the perfect position to snatch me up and tear me to pieces before I had the chance to react.
It was sheer luck that I grabbed onto one of its tentacles when I was reaching for a branch. The Terramed knew it had to act now, and a slew of tentacles revealed themselves. They shot out at me from various places on the tree. The tentacle that I’d accidentally grabbed was now wrapped around my arm, sticking to my flesh with its powerful suckers.
I did the only thing I could think of to escape: I jumped.
I expected to hit the ground hard, but the Terramed was determined to hold onto me. Instead of falling straight down, I swung back towards the tree’s trunk. I tried to put my feet up so that they would hit the tree trunk before me, but I wasn’t quick enough. My hip thudded against the bark as another tentacle came whipping around the dead tree in an attempt to grasp me. It was one of the thinner tentacles, but this one was missing its barbed tip. The end of the tentacle was wounded, and I realized it was the same one that’d tried to attack Mimi. This was the creature I’d wounded earlier.
It was really pissed at me.
The Terramed was willing to risk exposure to direct sunlight to kill me. I wasn’t sure if I should be honored or scared out of my mind. I settled on scared.
I reached for the sword, but discovered it’d fallen to the ground during the chaotic melee.
Gabby screamed out my name, and pleaded with me to watch out. ‘Little late for that,’ I thought to myself as I dangled from the tree. 
The Terramed began to reveal itself further. It looked like the tree itself had come alive, and was trying to devour me, as the tentacles snapped in my direction.
“I got you, bro,” yelled Otis as he came running to help. “Oh shit!” A tentacle popped out of the sprinkler head between us to stop him, and I knew he wouldn’t be able to get to me before this creature tore me apart.
Jerry’s wand was dangling at my side, loose from its sheath. I gathered it up by its electrical cord, flipped the switch on the battery pack, and heard the bizarre weapon crackle to life. I swung the homemade weapon like a lightsaber at the tentacle holding my wrist. I could only hope the wand would slice through the creature like Obi-Wan cutting through Panda Baba’s arm in the cantina (how sad is it that I know that character’s name? I should get a hobby that doesn’t involve obsessing about useless movie trivia.) Unfortunately, the crackling wand thudded uselessly against the creature.
Jerry had been right about a lot of stuff, but he sure as hell wasn’t right about this. His wand was as useless as ejection seats on a helicopter. I ditched the wand, and let it fall at my side. I decided to kick at the tree trunk in an attempt to swing away from the tentacles, which caused the one holding my wrist to stretch and pull part of the creature up further into the tree, shortening the other tentacles enough that they were no longer close to me. My feet brushed the ground, and I tried to gain traction. Unfortunately I couldn’t quite stretch down far enough. The tentacle was pulling me back up again, and I saw the all-too familiar maw above me, salivating in anticipation of my juicy headmeat. The slimy fluid stretched down in long, thick strands, dripping from the gigantic vagina-esque mouth.
“Otis, hurry up,” I pleaded.
“I am,” he said as he tried to avoid the tentacle that’d emerged from the sprinkler.
That’s when I realized it was too late. I was doomed. This Terramed had it in for me, and was willing to do whatever it took to finish me off. Within seconds I’d be within reach of more tentacles, and I decided the only thing I could hope for was to delay the inevitable. I looked up at the cloud moving slowly over the sun, and tried to gauge how much time it needed to pass.
I flipped myself upside down with my right arm between my legs, and pressed my feet against the branch above me. I felt the wound on my right foot break open again as I pushed with all my strength against the tree branch. The warm sensation of blood flowed down my calf as I tried desperately to push myself away from the creature. It was a battle of strength and will, and I was losing. But I’ll be damned if I was going without a fight.
I heard Otis scream out in pain and anger, but I couldn’t afford to focus on his battle. I was doing everything in my power to stay alive just a few more seconds.
I used both hands to pull on that tentacle, and pushed as hard as possible on the tree branch above me. The Terramed was positioning itself so that the mouth was above me, but it was also careful to keep its pink, pulsing brain hidden behind the purple membrane that protected it. More tentacles finally reached me, wrapping their way around my legs and squeezing so hard I thought my bones might snap.
Tony yelled out that he was coming to help, but I didn’t want him anywhere close to me. I knew it was too late to save me, so I said, “Help Otis first.”
More tentacles thrashed down at me as I was pulled closer to the slobbering mouth. The creature’s eyes swarmed to form two larger forms on either side of the mouth, each focused on me, and if that thing could smile I’d swear it was doing it now. Its piercing shrieks were certainly cackles of delight as the monster prepared to devour the prey that’d cost it a tentacle. The mouth opened and closed, and then opened even wider, revealing the esophagus within.
“Come get me, you sloppy cunt.”
All I needed was a few more seconds. Unbeknownst to the Terramed staring down at me, the dark cloud covering the sun was just about to pass.
I looked up into its eyes and said again, “Come on, Cum Dumpster.” I’ll chalk it up to my fifth grade level humor that I gave the creature the nickname Cum Dumpster. CD for short.
The Terramed extended its lips. The mouth was attached to a stalk that slithered between my legs and over my crotch as it came for my face. The eyes retreated, but stayed focused on me. They rose up and split apart, each of them about an inch away from one another as if attempting to create a canopy. The purple membrane spread out over the top of the eyeballs. The creature’s skin was translucent, and I could see its internal organs pulsing within. The mouth ignored my legs, crotch (thank God), and abdomen as it continued towards my face. Either it was convinced the best tasting part of a human was our head, or it was toying with me.
“That’s right. Come and get me.”
I saw the sunlight pierce the edges of the cloud above. The temporary shade lifted from the courtyard as if someone had opened a window shade to let the morning light in. The courtyard rang with the screams of other Terrameds. They’d been watching us from the hive, and were now warning their brethren that the light was returning.
The creature slithering over me paused, and its multiple eyes searched for the danger the others were warning it about. CD saw the sunlight quickly overcoming the other side of the courtyard, and immediately tried to retreat. Its mouth slid back up the tree, away from my face, and the tentacles pulled away. It was like watching a thousand snakes fleeing danger, slithering to the safety of the other side of the tree.
“Not so fast,” I said as I gripped the tentacle that’d been holding my wrist.
The Terramed hadn’t expected my resistance. It wanted to flee before the sunlight touched its delicate skin, but I wanted that fucker to burn. I grabbed on with both hands, let my feet fall to the ground, and then pulled the thick tentacle over my shoulder as if I was hauling a giant sack of laundry towards the playground.
“Dave, let it go,” said Gabby.
“Come on,” said Tony, who I could see nearby. He and Otis were headed back to the playground, and they were surprised to see that I chose to fight instead of running to safety.
The Terramed tried to pull away from me, and I was dragged back towards the tree. The suction cups on the tentacle were trembling against my skin as the appendage attempted to slip my grip.
Sunlight fell over the tree, and the Terramed was fully exposed. It screeched in pain, and the entire tree shuddered as it struggled to pull away. Twigs and branches fell all around me. I ducked my head to avoid them as they came crashing down, and then I dared to look up to see if the creature was burning in the light.
CD had pulled as much of its body as it could into a ball, and I could see the purple membrane and pink brain in the center. The creature was sacrificing other parts of its body to shield the brain, and there were multiple expanding sacs of brown liquid growing along the large tentacles. The sacs burst, sending a flood of the fetid, smelly goo over the branch above my head, down the tentacle I was holding, and then onto me. I felt like I was trapped in the bottom of a Porta Potty with a diarrhea victim squatting over my head.
Gelatinous muck rolled down the length of the tentacle, and my grip began to loosen.
“Oh no you don’t,” I said as I tried to grab on tighter. Unfortunately, the slick discharge managed to get between my palms and the tentacle. The Terramed was able to pull itself away from me, and I tumbled to the ground.
I crawled away from the tree, and then turned to watch as the creature retreated. The Terramed was badly injured. Several of its limbs dragged uselessly behind it, and the purple membrane that covered its brain had darkened as if burned. The creature was trying to climb down the trunk of the tree, but it lost its grip and fell to the earth with a wet thud. It began to shrink, as if it was being disintegrated like a drenched Wicked Witch. I assumed it was dying, but then realized it was escaping into a prairie dog hole on the other side of the tree.
I grabbed the sword and ran over to the hole where the creature was retreating. “Get back here.” I stabbed down at the creature as it slunk away in the ground. I perforated it a few times, causing black blood to boil forth. I tried to fork the creature and drag it back out of the hole, but it was too slippery. The Terramed escaped, leaving me panting and dripping with both its blood and my own.
“I’ll get you next time, Cum Dumpster,” I said before spitting down at my new nemesis.




9 – A Nagging Sense of Purpose



I carried back an armful of dry branches to the playground. Most of the branches I’d plucked from the tree had been covered with goo, making them useless for our intended purpose, but I was still able to find a few that hadn’t been soaked. I expected to be congratulated for my bravery. Instead, I was greeted with a hard slap to the face.
“What was that for?” I asked Gabby.
“What were you thinking? What the fuck was that about? You could’ve gotten yourself killed.” She was furious with me for taking such a risk. “Why didn’t you run when you had the chance? Why’d you try to pull it out of the tree? Do you have a death wish or something?”
“They need to know we’re not going down without a fight,” I said and looked over to Tony’s apartment where the Terrameds were building their hive. I yelled out to them, “You hear that, you slimy pieces of shit? We’re not going to just stand around and wait for you to kill us. Got it? Do you hear me? You fucked with the wrong species. If there’s one thing humans are good at, it’s killing things. And we’re going to kill the ever-loving shit out of you!”
“What’s the ugly one screaming about?” asked Mimi of her grandson.
“You could’ve gotten yourself killed,” said Gabby. When I looked at her, we locked eyes for a brief moment before she glanced away and said, “You’re going to get us all killed if you keep up that sort of crap.”
Do you know how sometimes you catch a glimpse of someone and have an almost telepathic connection with them? I’m not trying to say we connected on some higher plane or anything, I’m not into that metaphysical crap, but when our eyes met for that brief second I knew she still had feelings for me. I knew she was scared to lose me. And in that moment the parentage of the baby in her belly seemed certain. It was almost like she told me, with just a glance and an expression of concern, that I was the father.
Gabby placed her arms over her stomach, one on top and the other beneath, as if trying to do anything she could to soothe the child. I couldn’t help but stare at her giant belly, and think about the baby within.
It was almost a sweet moment, until Gabby said, “You’re such a fucking idiot sometimes, Dave.”
Tony interrupted by asking for the ionizer. I took off the leather bra and battery pack, and handed it over to Jerry and Tony so that they could start figuring out how to use it to start a fire. After that, I asked Gabby to help search me for any of those awful maggots. I could feel them squiggling around on me, and I needed to get them off as soon as possible. I was reminded of the scene in ‘Stand by Me’ where the kids get leeches on them. Thankfully, there wasn’t one sneaking around my junk like poor Wil Wheaton – sorry, that’s a poorly worded sentence. It makes you think Wil Wheaton’s the one sneaking around my junk.
“Oh God, you smell awful,” said Gabby as she helped me search for slugs.
My heart was racing, but not because of the near-death experience I’d just escaped, and not because we were being hunted by slug-spitting, sentient squid beasts. It was racing because I was trying to work up the courage to ask about the baby. I finally forced myself, “Gabby, is it mine?”
“Is what yours?” she asked, oblivious to my meaning. “The worms? Shit, if you want them, you can have them.”
“No, not the worms. The baby.”
She froze. My blunt question had momentarily dazed her. After her brief, rare moment of silence, she shook her head and said, “We’re not having this conversation right now.”
“Yes we are,” I said. “You need to tell me the truth. Tony said you’re eight months along. So either you were cheating on me, or that’s my baby.”
“Can we do this some other time?”
“No, Gabby. I need to know.”
“Why?” she asked with an edge of fury, as if she meant her words to sting. “What’s it matter to you? Huh? You left, remember? You don’t get to show up and start…” She was frustrated, and struggled to put her emotions into words. “Start caring, or whatever.”
“If that’s my baby then I…”
“It’s not.” Her declaration was meant to sting, but I think we were both taken aback by just how hurtful it’d been. The implication, of course, was that either she was lying or that she’d been cheating on me when we were dating. The revelation left me speechless, and she lowered her voice as she said, “So, just drop it. Okay?”
Tony and Otis couldn’t help but eavesdrop. They were trying to look like they weren’t watching, but failed.
“Is it Jason’s?” I asked, even though it wasn’t really my business. I was the one who broke up with her. What difference did it make who she slept with? Even if she’d been cheating on me, that hardly mattered now.
“Yes,” she said and started to walk around me. I stepped in her way, and gently put my hands on her. She tried to push me away, but I wouldn’t let her pass. During our mini-struggle, my hand ended up on her belly.
“How do you know it’s not mine?” I tried to whisper, but we were so close to the others that I’m sure they could hear. All except Mimi, of course. “It’s not like you got a DNA test or anything. It could be mine.”
“Trust me, it’s his.”
Let me be honest here. Learning that she’d cheated on me was a blow to my ego that’d take a long time to get over. Given time, I’m certain I’d start to run through the days we spent together in a pathetic attempt to pin down when she’d started cheating on me, and if there’d been signs. As a living, human male, that’s the sort of self-torture we love to participate in. I’d been cuckolded, and that’s not forgiven or forgotten easily. However, I also knew there was no way she could say for certain the baby wasn’t mine, and there’s no way in hell I’m clocking out of this life as a deadbeat dad. That’s never going to happen.
I was about to try and relay that to her when I felt the baby move.
She felt it too, obviously, and she could tell by my stunned expression that this was an important moment for all three of us. She stopped trying to move around me, and allowed my hand to stay on her belly.
“I can…” That’s all I said before the words faded into less than a whisper.
“He’s upset.”
“He?”
She nodded. “It’s a boy. He’s been tossing and turning all day.”
“A boy?” I asked as if feeling the baby move stole all the sense out of me. My brain was struggling to keep up with what she’d said.
“Yes, a boy.”
There I was, in my ‘Mother Fucker’ t-shirt, covered in smelly squid discharge, dumbfounded by the possibility that I might be a father. Before I could contemplate the situation, the baby moved again. He kicked right against my hand.
“Oh, that was a good one,” said Gabby, and kindly moved my hand off. “You’re invading his space.”
I leaned down so that I could speak directly to where I thought his head might be. Gabby told me to stop, but she didn’t push me away. She said faintly, “He’s not yours.”
I ignored her, and spoke to my potential son, “Hey buddy, it’s me, Dave. Dad, maybe. I’m going to make sure you and your mom get out of here alive. All right? You hear me in there, big guy? You’ve got my word.” I was on my knees, my cheek pressed to the underside of Gabby’s belly. I reached up and set my hand over her navel, hoping to feel the boy inside move again.
Gabby put her hand on mine, as gentle as a feather settling on the floor. She brushed her thumb over my knuckle as I continued to promise her baby boy that everything was going to be okay.
In all of my 33 years, I’d never been struck by a sense of purpose before. That phrase always sounded like sentimental rubbish, sort of like love at first sight. It was the stuff of children’s stories and motivational seminars. Standing there on that pirate ship playground, surrounded by sentient jellyfish monsters, I found my purpose.
Does that sound hokey?
Maybe so, but grant me this moment of sentimentality and self-grandeur, because the weight of my new responsibility hit me like a freight train. Gabby and that boy in her belly were going to make it out of here alive. I’d gladly die to make that happen.
“It’s going to be okay,” I whispered to her belly.
“Okay, this is getting weird now,” said Gabby as she pushed at my shoulder to get me away.
I laughed and looked up at her just in time to see her wipe the start of a tear away from the corner of her eye. I stood and slipped my hand into hers. I squeezed, and then kissed her forehead before saying, “I’ll be there for you. Thick and thin, I’ll be there.”
Her mood darkened. She shook her head and said, “No you won’t.” It wasn’t a bitter statement. Gabby never shied away from angry declarations and reproachful condemnation, but this was different. This time it was honest, hurtful, and filled with certainty and sorrow. It was as if she already knew the truth, and had come to grips with the pain of it long ago.
I wanted to argue, but before I could we were interrupted by Jerry’s joyful shouts. Everyone turned their attention to him.
“I got it,” said Jerry as he started a fire. He’d used his battery pack and one of Mimi’s bobby pins to light a branch on fire, and the dry wood was quickly burning. He and Tony had torn apart the cushion of Mimi’s wheelchair and used the inner lining to fashion a rudimentary rubber glove that allowed Jerry to handle the bobby pin without getting shocked. They used the stuffing of the cushion as a sort of kindling to get the fire started. It worked perfectly. Jerry carefully took the bobby pin out of the socket and latched it onto the bra’s strap before standing with his newly lit torch.
I looked up at the cloudy sky and said, “Let’s hurry before the sun gets blocked again.”
“Wait,” said Gabby. “Let’s be smart about this. What’s the plan?”
I pointed to both of Mimi’s neighbors and said, “We’re going to light a fire on either side of Mimi’s apartment. If the Terrameds show up to put the fire out, then we can see about trying to sneak out of one of the other entrances. But let’s hope that’s not what happens. What we’re hoping for is that they stay away. If they do, then we can run through your grandma’s place and go out the back door.”
“And then what?” asked Gabby.
I honestly hadn’t thought that far ahead. “We can get to your brother’s truck and drive out to the mountains.”
“Or to the bike path,” said Tony. “That’d probably be easier than trying to take the roads. The bike path goes through the park, and it’s a straight shot up to the foothills.”
“All right then, that’s what we’ll do,” I said with newfound determination. “Jerry, give me the stick.”
“Wait, wait,” said Gabby, desperate to delay the inevitable danger.
“There’s no point in waiting,” I said. “Let’s get this over with.”
“Wait, goddammit, just wait a second. Look at the building.” She pointed to Mimi’s apartment. “It’s still in the shade. If we give it a little time, the sun’s going to move over that way.” She pointed back towards Tony’s apartment, which was illuminated by the sun beaming directly on it. She was right, if we waited just a little longer, the sun’s position would cause it to shine on Mimi’s apartment. “If we wait another hour or so, the sun’ll be pointed that way. And it’ll give Jay some more time to get here.”
“It’ll also give those things more time to figure out a way to get to us,” said Otis, and I agreed with him.
“They’re just fucking squids,” said Gabby. “They’re not, like… They’re not…” She was struggling to bolster her argument, but was failing.
“Jerry, give me the torch,” I said.
“Stop it,” said Gabby. “This isn’t a dictatorship. We all get a say in this. Let’s vote on whether or not to go now, or to wait until the sun’s in a better spot.”
“The longer we wait…” I tried to argue, but she interrupted me.
“You’re not in charge, Dave. Those are my brothers. That’s my grandma. This is my fucking baby.” She put her hands over her stomach to exemplify the point. “You don’t get to decide for all of us.”
“Fine, then let’s vote,” I said, certain it would fall in my favor. “If you think we should go now, raise your hand.” I raised mine, and Otis raised his.
Jerry wasn’t sure what to think, and looked at his brother for guidance. Tony said, “Keep your hand down, Jer.”
“That’s not fair,” I said. “And what about Mimi? Is anyone going to explain to her what we’re doing?”
“She’d agree with me,” said Gabby. “She’s my grandma. So that settles it. We wait.”
“That’s such bullshit,” I said, but there wasn’t much I could do. I threw my hands up, as if sick and tired of the whole debacle. I was being a bit petulant, admittedly. “Fine. Have it your way. Let’s wait here for them to come and kill us. If they can dig through wood and cement, then they sure the fuck can dig through sand.” I pointed down beneath us. “It’s only a matter of time before another cloud blocks the sun.”
“Then let’s get up high and keep an eye out,” said Gabby.
“Fine,” I said. “Otis, come with me over to that side.” I pointed to the other side of the playground, over the suspension bridge to the second spire, near the straight slide. “We’ll keep an eye on their hive. Gabby, you and Tony keep an eye on that side, and don’t forget to watch the ground too. If you see the sand moving, then we know they’re trying to sneak under us.”
“Dave, wait,” said Gabby as she stepped closer to me. “Don’t be all pissy.”
“I’m not. If we’re going to stay here, then we need to keep an eye on as much ground as possible.”
“So you’re not mad?” she asked.
I didn’t answer, and instead said to Tony, “You might want to tell Jerry to put the fire out for now.”
Poor Jerry was still holding his burning stick, and the flame was seconds away from reaching his hand. Tony took the stick away and tossed it to the sand below.
“We’ll work on wrapping some of these sticks with pieces of Mimi’s cushion,” said Tony. “I bet we can turn them into torches.”
“Sounds good,” I said and left.
Otis and I crossed the suspension bridge and climbed the short ladder up to the second highest peak of the playground. From this vantage, we could see the Terramed hive better. The mucus had hardened on the wall, shielding it from the sun. Almost the entire façade was now covered in the muck, and the worms were still building more, stretching the protective layer even further.
We could see the Terrameds moving within the hive, their tentacles slithering around as if they were busily working on something we couldn’t see.
“What the hell are those things?” asked Otis. “Where did they come from?”
“I’ve got no freaking clue, man.”
Otis looked down at the sand below. “I bet there’s a barrier between the sand and the dirt. Maybe that’ll stop them from digging under us.”
“Maybe, but I wouldn’t count on it. I bet the barrier just goes down a foot or so. If they dig under that, then they can get to the sand.”
“Do you think they’re smart enough to figure that out?”
“They seem pretty damn smart to me,” I said. “That one at the tree was hiding from me. It was sneaking up the other side, trying to get in position to snatch me up.”
“You think it’s like this everywhere? I mean, are we going to bust our ass to get out of Little Mexico only to end up face to face with an army of those things?”
“I don’t know, man. I sure hope not.”
We watched the sand, waiting for any sign of movement. From time to time I looked up at the sky, hoping the sun stayed away from the clouds. I also stole a few glances at Gabby, but she was focused on her family. Beaver was on the other side of the suspension bridge, unwilling to make the trek across the unstable path. I thought about going back to retrieve him, but then Otis started talking again.
“Sorry about the baby.”
“What?” I asked.
He was leaning over the edge of a plastic wall that was fitted with nine plastic blocks in a grid pattern. The blocks had pictures on each side so that kids could either make pictures or play tic-tac-toe. Someone had moved all of the blocks so that the letter ‘X’ was facing us.
Otis glanced over his shoulder in Gabby’s direction and said, “You know, the baby. I heard what she said. Looks like it bummed you out.”
“I’d say it could be worse,” I said, and motioned to the area around us. “But I’m not sure it could.”
“Cheer up. It’s the apocalypse, Dave. Try to have fun.”
I laughed and then said, “I’ll try. And as for the baby, for all she knows it could be mine. No way to tell yet. No matter what, we’ve got to keep that kid safe. Doesn’t matter whose it is.”
“I hear ya,” said Otis. “Don’t worry, brother. We’ll get her out of here. If I’ve got to throw you into the squid nest as bait, I’ll do it. I won’t let you down.”
“That’d probably work,” I said. “At least one of those things has a good reason to hate me.”
“Just let me know, man. All you’ve got to do is say the word and I’ll toss you over there.”
I joked with Otis about how he wasn’t strong enough to toss a toddler, and he nearly picked me up and tossed me over the side just to prove he could. It was while we were joking around that Gabby yelled over to us, “Heads up, guys. Quit fucking around.”
She was pointing up at the sky.
There was a large, dark cloud moving towards the sun. In minutes, the sun would disappear, and we’d be left vulnerable once again.
We stared at the sand, like gazelles watching the tall grass around a watering hole for a sign of predators, fully aware it was only a matter of time before...




10 – Whistles Dipped in Shit



“There!” Otis pointed down at the sand.
I looked where he was pointing. “I don’t see it.”
“It was there, by the corner. The sand moved.”
Gabby called out from the other side of the playground, “What is it?”
I yelled, “Otis thinks he saw something.”
“I don’t think, I know. I saw something move right over there. Let’s head back to the others.”
“No,” I said. “Let’s stay here and keep watching.”
“Why? If those fuckers are coming for us, we’re better off in a group than split up.”
“I don’t want to be near Gabby.”
Otis groaned and said, “Are you seriously being petty like that right now?”
“I’m not being petty. I’m not trying to avoid her. I’m trying to protect her.”
“By leaving her over there with just Tony to defend her? Don’t you think she’d have a better shot if we were with her when these things attack?”
I gazed over the edge of the playground at the sand where Otis had seen movement. “It’ll come for me first.”
It took Otis a moment to process what I meant. “Is that why you dragged me over here? Because you want us to be bait?”
“I pissed that thing off. It wants me dead.”
“How do you know that?”
“I chopped its arm off, or its tentacle. And it was the same one that came after me in the tree. It could’ve killed me in a second, but it toyed with me. It was enjoying itself. If it’s still alive, then it’s going to want revenge.”
“So you did drag me out here to be bait with your dumb ass.”
I chuckled and said, “There’s no one else I’d rather be bait with.”
“Yeah, thanks, asshole. Next time, do me a favor and leave this worm off the hook.” He pretended to be mad, but he also didn’t leave me there alone. Otis stayed by my side, keeping watch.
The sand shifted near the border of the playground where the sand met the dirt. It looked like a mole was burrowing underground.
“There, there,” said Otis as he excitedly pointed.
“I saw it.” I glanced up at the slowly moving cloud covering the sun. I tried to judge how long it would take to move out of the way. My best guess was that we would have to survive for at least a few more minutes before the sun came back out.
Otis yelled over to Gabby and the others, “They’re over here on this side.”
The sandy edge of the playground was about five yards from the base of the platform we were on, and the creature seemed to be sticking to the perimeter for now.
“Then come back over here,” said Gabby. “Why are you staying over there?”
Otis said to me, “I keep asking myself the same question.”
“You can go if you want. I’m staying right here.”
“Damn it,” muttered Otis. “How’d I get stuck being friends with a dumbass like you?”
I tried to think of a pithy comeback, but before I could our attention was stolen by an apartment door opening. Tony’s apartment and the units on the west side were now mostly covered in thick gelatin, but the hive didn’t extend out over the rest of the apartments. One of the uncovered doors had just opened, and I saw the vague shape of a woman standing in the threshold.
“Run,” I shouted to the stranger, but she ignored me. “Get away from there. These things are in the…”
Another door opened, and then another.
“What the fuck?” asked Otis, and my own thoughts weren’t far from his.
One by one, the doors of apartments near the hive began to open. The residents revealed themselves, standing like statues in the thresholds, staring at us. One of them twitched, his head shaking like a Tourette’s sufferer in the midst of an attack, and then he stopped and continued to watch us.
“Oh, that’s not good,” I said.
“Are they… infected?” asked Otis. “What the hell’s wrong with them?”
“I don’t know. Maybe they got better at controlling people.”
“What do you mean?” asked Otis.
“The Terrameds were busting out of people all over the place, but maybe they’re getting better at staying inside a human. At the gas station I saw a woman walking around with one of those things in her, almost like it was controlling her. There were tentacles coming out of her, but she was still walking around.”
“Like body armor, literally,” said Otis. “If they can stay inside people, then they could…”
He didn’t have to finish the thought. The people standing in the apartment doors began to walk towards us, unafraid of daylight.
“That does it,” said Otis as he grabbed my shoulder and forced me to follow. “We’re getting the hell out of here.”
“Yeah, I think we better,” I said while still dazed by the shock of seeing people walking our way. I snapped out of my momentary fog and yelled over to the others, “Start lighting torches. We’re getting the hell out of here!”
We headed to the suspension bridge between the two sections of the playground. I looked back with morbid curiosity at the people emerging from the apartments, and that’s when I saw movement near where Otis and I had just been standing. The grid of plastic blocks where kids could play tic-tac-toe began to move. The blocks in the center of the grid spun from the ‘X’ facing us to the ‘O’ as a tentacle made its way up the side of the tower.
“It’s here!” I yelled as we started across the suspension bridge.
Otis was ahead of me, and he had to slow down as he traversed the thin bridge. The plastic slats below us were connected by a nylon rope, and there was a single pipe on either side for us to hold onto as we crossed. I looked down, through the slats beneath my feet, and saw the sandy ground undulating like a stream as the tentacles revealed themselves.
All at once, the playground was beset upon by flailing, slimy tentacles. They shot up from the sand and wrapped around the plastic equipment like vines on a tree. Otis and I were in the worst possible spot, exposed on all sides. A barbed tentacle shot up along my right leg and latched itself to my pocket. I felt the sharp barb pierce the jeans and dig into my flesh. It pulled at me, nearly dragging me off my feet. I grabbed onto it and tried to pull it away, but the hook was buried deep. The unstable bridge swung back and forth, nearly toppling me.
Otis was struggling just like I was as tentacles wrapped around his legs. I saw him fall as the tentacles pulled his legs to opposite sides, and his crotch thudded down hard on the plastic slats below us. He let out a pained groan and an angry curse.
One of the larger tentacles rose up beside us and lashed at me. I ducked, and the tentacle wrapped around the handrail. It pulled hard enough to bend the resilient playground equipment, causing the entire bridge to warp and lean to the side. I had to stop myself from slipping off the side and falling to the mass of writhing shapes beneath us.
“Hold on, guys,” said Tony. “I’m coming.”
I had no idea what he was going to do, but I’d take all the help I could get as I wrestled with the multiple tentacles that were finding their way up to the bridge. Below me, a mouth emerged from the sand.
I expected to see the burned and scarred Terramed that I’d battled in the tree, but it wasn’t CD that’d caught me. This was a smaller creature, with no sign of injuries yet.
Beaver was growling and barking at the creatures, but Gabby was holding onto his harness to keep him from jumping off the playground and into the sea of tentacles. Mimi and Jerry were at the top of the spiral slide, lighting dry sticks on fire as quickly as they could.
Otis was straddling the bridge as tentacles tried to pull him down towards a mouth that’d emerged below him. The creature was getting precariously close to him, but he delivered a vicious punch that sent the Terramed slamming back down to the sand.
Tony made it to the side of the bridge, a torch in each hand. He had the best of intentions, but froze as he tried to figure out what to do. He didn’t have to come to a decision, because one of the Terrameds had been waiting for him. The underside of the platform Tony was standing on had a Terramed waiting beneath it, and it sent a flurry of tentacles up over the edge. Several small tentacles sprung up from the holes in the platform at his feet, and others came at him from the sides. He swung his torches down at them as he screamed in pain and fear.
A barbed tentacle made its way to my throat, and I felt the tip pierce my skin.
This was it. I was a dead man. There was no getting out of this one. I was going to get slit open by an otherworldly squid monster on a playground in Little Mexico. Of all the ways I imagined dying, this one hadn’t been on the list. It wasn’t even in the same universe as the list.
What was it waiting for? All it had to do was slice that barb across my throat and I was as good as dead. There was nothing I could do to stop it. 
A Terramed screamed from nearby, but its cry sounded weak and deeper than the others. I knew who it was immediately.
“Fucking Cum Dumpster,” I said as I saw my nemesis emerge from the sand a few yards away.
The Terramed was severely wounded. The sun had scorched its delicate skin, leaving large streaks of black and grey along its body. The once purple membrane had turned grey, splotched with seeping sores, and its pink brain was exposed, pulsing, and a darker shade than it’d previously been.
This little bastard wouldn’t let the others kill me. That’s why the one with its barb in my neck hadn’t finished the job. They were working together, and CD wanted revenge.
Otis and Tony were battling for their lives, but there was nothing I could do to help them. I had my own battle to worry about, and there didn’t seem to be any hope of surviving it.
The courtyard erupted in the screams of Terrameds. It was a deafening chorus of high pitched screeches, and it wasn’t just coming from the creatures in the playground. The Terrameds in the hive were screaming as well, as if they were scared of something.
The infected humans who were slowly walking our way had stopped, and were pointing to the side of the playground. I carefully turned my head, scared that the tentacle around my neck would slit my throat.
The cloud cover was moving, and half the courtyard was bathed in glorious, hot sunshine. I saw the light coming steadily our way, moving across the dry lawn and approaching the sandy playground an inch at a time.
CD was struggling to get to me, but its injuries hampered its speed. I saw its withered tentacles slapping at the sand and trying desperately to pull its body forward.
The other Terrameds weren’t as determined to risk their lives to finish us off. The creatures that were fighting with Otis and Tony retreated, and the one beneath me loosened its grip.
“Dave, here,” said Tony as he threw a lit torch at me.
Exactly how the hell he thought I was going to be able to catch the torch is a mystery to me. I was hanging from the side of a halfway collapsed bridge, dangling from a bent guardrail with both arms wrapped around it, and a tentacle around my throat. 
For once in his life, Tony’s aim was on point. That burning branch whacked me right in the face.
The torch fell to the ground, but not before the fire singed one of my eyebrows off. The flame licked a tentacle near me as well, and caused it to swell with a pus-filled sac. The sac quickly burst, sending a splash of fetid liquid over my lips and up my nose. I damn near projectile vomited as the smell invaded me.
CD was squealing as the other Terrameds wrapped their tentacles around it and started digging their way back underground. The creatures were forcing my nemesis to retreat, even though it didn’t want to.
I wish I could’ve screamed taunts at the slimy bastard that had it in for me, but I didn’t dare open my mouth. Half my face was covered in slimy discharge, and I could feel little worms moving around on my cheeks. As Cum Dumpster was being pulled back underground, I was struggling not to vomit.
I shimmied my way over to the platform where Otis and Tony were waiting, and they helped me off the bridge. I immediately swiped the gunk of my face, and picked off as many of the worms as I could.
There were several Terrameds still squealing. The infected humans were also crying out, as if the creatures inside of them were trying to figure out how to use their new host’s voices. All of the noises melded with the sounds of the apocalypse going on around Little Mexico, beyond the walls that trapped us in. I could hear police sirens, car alarms, and horns blaring. I could only imagine what sort of hell the people out there were dealing with. Hopefully I wouldn’t have to imagine much longer, because whatever hell was waiting for us outside of Little Mexico was where we were trying to get to.
“Get ready,” said Otis. “We’ve got trouble.”
“What now?” I asked, beyond tired and, frankly, pretty damn sick of this shit.
“That’s what,” said Otis while pointing at the people standing in the courtyard.
I’d assumed the infected would flee the sun the same as the Terrameds, but instead they seemed unaffected by the exposure. The infected stood in the sunshine, staring up at the sky as if enraptured by it. They touched their cheeks, and then checked the skin of their arms, curious how their bodies would react to direct exposure to the sun. Once certain they were fine inside their new host bodies, the infected turned their attention back to us.
“Get up here,” said Gabby from above, on the highest platform of the playground. 
“We’re going to have to fight them off,” I said to Tony and Otis.
The infected were heading to the playground, converging on us in the deadliest game of tag ever conceived. They were climbing up onto the equipment, but the squids inside of them were still learning how to move their new hosts. The infected were clumsy, and were tripping as they tried to maneuver on the sand and the playground equipment.
Otis handed me the sword, and then cracked his knuckles. “I’m better with my fists.”
I looked over at Tony, who was still holding one of his torches. He looked wide-eyed and scared, but resilient and brave enough to stand his ground. It was up to us to protect Mimi, Jerry, Gabby, and the baby.
Don’t get me wrong, there’re a million places I would’ve rather been at that moment, but considering the circumstances I was proud to stand there with those two guys. We’d been to hell and back, and we weren’t going down without a fight.
“Dude, you smell like a septic tank,” said Otis as he crinkled his nose at me.
“Yeah man,” said Tony. “You smell like my balls.”
I scowled, looked at Tony, and asked, “What the hell’s wrong with your balls?”
“Yeah, Tony,” said Otis. “If we make it out of this, you need to do yourself a favor and go see a doctor about your stank-ass nuts.”
“How’d you end up with balls that smell like shit?” I asked, continuing our banter as the infected shambled their way slowly toward us. “Didn’t you learn how to wipe your ass?”
“I bet he didn’t,” said Otis before Tony had a chance to respond. “I bet it’s a shit show down there.”
“Literally,” I added.
“Don’t worry, brother,” said Otis. “It’s not your fault. With all the burritos, and tamales, and refried beans you people eat, it must be like a shit sprinkler every time you hit the pot. Am I right?”
“My turd cutter’s clean as a whistle,” said Tony.
“Yeah, sure,” said Otis. “A whistle dipped in shit.”
“All right, guys,” I said as the infected drew near. “Let’s stop worrying about Tony’s brown eye and get ready for a fight.”
“Damn it, guys,” said Gabby from above. “Would you stop screwing around and get up here?”
“Don’t worry,” I said as I looked up at her. “We’re not going to let these things get to you.” Jerry was standing beside his sister, waving his crackling wand in the air.
“That’s not why…” She was so frustrated that she could barely speak. She held out her cell phone and said, “Jason’s here!”
The horn! I’d heard a car’s horn earlier, but had forgotten that Jason was planning on honking once he arrived. The sound of him honking had simply blended in with the rest of the chaos, but Gabby had been waiting and listening for his arrival.
“He’s going to get us out of here,” said Gabby. “He’s going to meet us on the other side of Mimi’s place. Come on up here and let those people follow you. Then we can take off down the slide and run to the apartment.”
Tony and Otis were ecstatic, and high fived one another. I was happy as well… sort of.
I’m not proud to admit it, but there was a part of me that was disappointed Gabby’s knight in shining armor had come to save her. I was disappointed because that knight wasn’t me.
Yeah, yeah, I know. I’m a petty dick. Tell me something I don’t know.




11 – Battle in Little Mexico



Tony, Otis, and I climbed to the top of the playground, and crowded the highest platform as we waited for our chance to go down the spiral slide and run to Mimi’s apartment. For the briefest of moments I considered the chance that I was actually a hospitalized child from Little Mexico, and that I was concocting elaborate nightmares about a world-ending apocalypse and how I had to fight to survive with my friends on the playground equipment where I’d spent most of my time before my accident – sort of like the ending of St Elsewhere. My whole life might be a dream. That seemed plausible enough, until I recalled all of the weird sexual escapades I’d enjoyed in college. I pray no child’s mind is that dirty.
The infected residents of Little Mexico were climbing up the playground, but they lacked dexterity. Several of them were climbing over one another in an attempt to get off the first raised platform beneath us, but they kept tripping and struggling. It would’ve been entertaining to watch if not for the eerie way their skin moved. I could see the tentacles of the Terrameds moving beneath the skin of our attackers, sliding around to the extremities of their hosts’ bodies as if waiting for the sun to retreat behind a cloud again so that they could attack.
Jerry was still waving his wand around as his sister continued to text back and forth with Jason. She told us that Jason was going to break into the other side of Mimi’s apartment to make sure it was clear, and that we should head there now.
I watched the people below, and was disturbed by the way they reacted to what Gabby said. Instead of continuing to mindlessly climb to us, they paused, stared at one another, and then retreated.
“What’s going on?” asked Otis. “Why’re they leaving?”
“They’re not leaving,” I said as we watched the infected move out of the playground and towards Mimi’s apartment. “They heard what Gabby said. They’re going to block our way.”
“What?” asked Otis and Tony simultaneously.
“Look,” I pointed at the retreating infected. I was right. They were headed to Mimi’s apartment to form a barrier.
“So they can understand us now?” asked Otis with a tone reminiscent of a sports fan pissed at a bad call by the refs. “Is that what you’re telling me? They suddenly know English?”
“They must,” I said as if apologizing. “Maybe they tapped into the people’s brains or something. I don’t fucking know. But look.”
We watched as the infected crowded around the door of Mimi’s apartment. There were about ten of them, and they formed a circle as if protecting someone in the middle. The sun’s angle still kept the east apartments mostly out of the sunshine, but the light had begun to creep up to the window. The infected were exposed to the light, and the Terrameds were forced to continue hiding inside of their hosts. I expected the creatures to stay hidden, which was why it shocked me when a tentacle rose up from the center of the infected huddle.
The sun immediately burned the exposed tentacle, and caused the creature hiding inside of the huddle to squeal in pain. A bulbous sac of pus grew instantly along the length of the thick tentacle, and the creature lashed it backward. The tentacle slammed against Mimi’s door, and the sac burst. Brown fluid splashed onto the door and its frame, and the red worms quickly set about the task of spreading the goo.
“What’s it doing?” asked Gabby.
“It’s sealing the door,” said Tony, an edge of panic in his voice. “Don’t you see? They’re going to seal the door!”
“We’ve got to move,” I said, trying my best to sound strong and confident, and not scared shitless like I actually was. “Tony, Otis, we’re going to have to fight our way through them.”
“With what?” asked Tony. “I’ve got a pellet gun. You’ve got a broken sword. And Otis doesn’t have shit.”
“I don’t need shit,” said Otis as he balled up his fists. 
“Gabby, you and Jerry need to keep lighting sticks on fire,” I said. “These things hate fire.”
“Yeah, and they’ve got built in fire extinguishers,” said Tony. “Remember?”
“But if they swell up and pop, they’ll bust their way out of the bodies,” I said. “That’ll expose them to the sun.”
“Why don’t we just go through some other apartment?” asked Gabby.
“Because we don’t know what’s waiting for us in them. At least with Mimi’s place, we know the only person in there is going to be Jason. Right? Come on, guys. We can’t waste any more time debating this. We’ve got to move now before that slime starts to harden and we get stuck here.”
“Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,” said Tony as the color left his cheeks. “I can’t believe we’re going to do this.”
I took Gabby’s hand, and then leaned in to kiss her forehead. She stood on the tips of her toes to kiss me on the lips instead. “Promise you’ll be careful.”
“Maybe next time,” I said with a wink before going down the slide.
I’m not going to lie, I felt like quite the badass right then. But my moment of heroics didn’t last long. I was headed down a twisty slide, trying desperately to keep from stabbing myself with a broken sword, and the static electricity caused my hair to stand up. As much as I wanted to look like an action movie star in that moment, I looked pretty damn ridiculous.
Otis was more schooled in the art of being a badass. Instead of going down the twisty slide to fight the horde, he leapt over the side of the playground and came thudding down beside me as if the fifteen foot leap was nothing more dangerous to him than stepping out of bed. His gargantuan feet pounded the sand, and he cracked his knuckles before looking at me and saying, “Let’s go kick some ass.”
Tony came down the slide behind me, cursing as he did.
The infected stood their ground, staring and waiting for us to make the first move. Gabby yelled down to me before tossing a flaming stick, and by some miracle I actually caught it with my left hand.
“Time to get nasty,” I said, and got ready to toss the torch at the horde.
Otis caught my arm. “Whoa, man. Hold up. If you burn them, they’re going to pop. We don’t want them to cover the whole building in that slime.”
“But if they pop, then they’ll be exposed to the sunlight. And the slime takes time to harden. If we can get them out of the way now, then we can make it through.”
Tony fired at the infected, and struck a middle-aged man in the forehead. When we looked at him he explained, “That’s Ray. He’s a jerk.”
“So you shot him?” I asked.
“I wanted to see what happened. Don’t look at me like I did something wrong. You’re over there talking about burning them. All I did was tag him in the face with a pellet. He deserved it.”
Ray’s face began to balloon up. His forehead swelled, causing his eyes to sink and the corners of his mouth to raise as if he was trying to smile as wide as he could. The skin split like the overstretched seam of a pair of spandex shorts, revealing a pus-filled sac beneath. The sac burst, pouring fluid down over the front of the wounded host.
We all muttered our disgust as the worms spread out over Ray’s face. The crowd of infected parted to allow Ray to move towards Mimi’s apartment. He slammed his head to the door and started rubbing himself along the wall as tentacles flayed out of his wound.
“Give me the torch,” said Otis, and I obliged. He faced the infected and said, “Let’s do this, motherfuckers.”
Otis rushed at the crowd, initiating the battle none of us had much chance of surviving. I followed behind, and Tony fired at the infected while commanding his siblings to hurry up and make more torches.
Otis smacked his flaming stick against the side of an infected man’s face, causing a sac to quickly form. Otis allowed the infected to attack him, undeterred by the man’s chaotic flailing. Then Otis performed a feat of strength that propelled him to a new level of respect in my eyes. He grabbed the infected man by the crotch with his right hand, and his armpit with the other so that he had a good grasp. He lifted that poor resident of Little Mexico up into the air and tossed him out into the courtyard, flinging him a good five feet where he crashed down face first into the dirt. The infected man’s head exploded in a mess of discharge, blood, brains, and tentacles. The sunshine burned the Terramed as it struggled to hide.
I couldn’t marvel at Otis’s achievement for long. I had my own battle to fight. I ran at them with my broken sword, slashing away like I’d seen far too many samurai films and was doing my best to emulate their technique – which is exactly what was happening.
Lucky for us, the Terrameds infecting the residents of Little Mexico still hadn’t mastered the use of their new host’s bodies. They did their best to fight back, but it was like we were charging into a senior citizen’s home demanding the residents duel to the death with us. We were dominating the infected, at least for a moment. I hacked and slashed into several shambling people, causing them to balloon up and explode before I pushed them to the ground where the sun began burning the exposed Terrameds.
Gabby tossed down a few more torches, and Tony quickly snatched them up. He was hacking at the infected with the torches, parting them, and clearing a path to the apartment door.
The creatures soon realized they were being bested. Some of them retreated, but a few chose a new tactic. A burly Mexican faced off with me, licking his lips as he gazed at me with beady, brown eyes. He opened his mouth as if to speak, and then a barbed tentacle shout forth like a reptile’s tongue. It nearly caught me in the eye, but I ducked out of the way in the nick of time. The Terramed’s appendage retracted immediately, before the sun had a chance to burn it.
The rest of the infected saw how their brethren had chosen to attack, and mimicked him. The infected who’d retreated now came back, eager to try out the new tactic.
I heard Tony yelling at one of the infected, “Back off, Ms. Rodriguez. Don’t make me burn you.”
“Burn that bitch,” said Otis, unsympathetic to Tony’s apprehension to burn someone he used to know.
“Oh man, Ms. Rodriguez, I’m real sorry. I liked your empanadas. They were tight.” He plunged a burning stick into the woman’s mouth as it began to open. Her lips and cheeks swelled before her face popped, revealing the skull beneath. A gush of slime splashed onto Tony. I got a certain amount of joy at seeing him finally get dirty. Through all of this, he’d managed to stay pretty much clear of the squid goo that’d soaked Otis and me.
“Ah man!” Tony shouted as he cleaned muck from his face. “Oh, this is nasty. She popped like a zit. A shit-filled zit.”
“Watch out,” I tried to warn him that Ms. Rodriguez was far from dead. Her face had exploded, leaving skin flapping like a banana peel, and there were tentacles exiting her open mouth in search of a victim. She went at him like Frankenstein, her arms extended as the tentacles whipped out of her face like a slew of happy dog tails.
Tony ran blindly from Ms. Rodriguez. His eyes had been hit by the slime, and he was trying to clear it away. Ms. Rodriguez chased him, and they made it back over to the playground. I wanted to help, but I was in the middle of my own fight. “Keep running,” I said to Tony.
Tony stopped and asked, “Who, me?”
Jerry came to his brother’s rescue, and I wasn’t sure if it was by design, providence, or purely accidental. Whatever the reason, Jerry chose that moment to come down the slide, and he kicked Ms. Rodriguez to the ground as his brother continued to wipe the gunk off his face.
Otis proceeded with his slaughter, taking advantage of some heretofore unknown wrestling pedigree. He was deadlifting infected and tossing them into the middle of the courtyard where their exposed tentacles withered in the sun. He’d suffered a number of lashes on his face and chest, but he was undeterred – a madman set loose to wreak havoc.
The Terrameds were weaker when housed within a human body. Even when the tentacles were exposed, the creatures didn’t have the strength or precision they’d had when on their own. It was as if the act of controlling their hosts’ bodies hampered their own abilities. I was slicing through the horde with little problem, causing my attackers’ bodies to swell with pus-filled sacs before I pushed them aside. I felt like a superhero, cutting my way through a mob of enemies too weak and unskilled to offer any real obstacle.
For the first time since we’d concocted this plan, I thought we actually stood a chance.
Our opponents’ numbers dwindled, and there was a clear path to the door. Gabby warned us that she was sending Mimi down the slide. Tony went to retrieve his grandma, and I heard her excitedly yell as she slid down, as if she’d been looking forward to taking a slide for a long time, and was going to enjoy it no matter what.
When she got to the bottom she happily embraced her grandson, and then saw the carnage. She focused on the body of her neighbor and asked, “Tony, did you kill Ms. Rodriguez?”
“Sorry, Mimi. I had to.” He hefted his grandmother into his arms.
“She was one of those things?”
“Yes,” Tony said while straining to support his grandmother’s weight.
“I never trusted her anyways,” said Mimi.
I waited for Gabby to come down with my dog, and Tony carried Mimi over to Otis. The way to the apartment was clear, but Otis was struggling to get the door open. The gel that the Terrameds layered over the threshold had already started to harden, and I wondered if the worms had the ability to cause the goo to harden faster if needed. If true, that could present a problem.
Otis put his right foot against the wall and pulled at the door, causing the hardened gel to stretch but not break.
Gabby came down the slide with Jerry’s ionizer wand in one hand and a lit torch in the other. She was wearing the leather bra on the outside of her clothes, although her breasts were too large for it to fasten. She looked down at the massacre around us, and the still squiggling limbs of Terrameds dying in the sun. The infected host bodies were a bloody mess, and it occurred to me that these had been Gabby’s friends and neighbors. I didn’t want her to have to see something like that.
“Don’t look,” I said. “Just focus on the door and don’t look at…”
“Dave, I studied to be a nurse, I’ve seen worse than…” She saw the exploded face of Ms. Rodriguez, and I think a little vomit snuck up her esophagus.
“Stay away from the bodies,” I said. “The squids are still hiding in them.”
“Their bodies are moving,” she said.
“The squids are controlling them from the inside.”
“Like that brain from the Teenage Mutant Turtles,” she said.
See? She gets it, man. Gabby and I made a good team back in the day. Despite how different our backgrounds were, our brains always seemed to end up in the same place. We were the type of couple who no one ever wanted to play Pictionary with, because we won every damn time.
“Krang,” I said.
She replied, “Yeah, that’s it.”
We made it over to Mimi’s apartment, and I told Otis to keep pulling at the door as I used the broken katana to slice through the hardened gel. It wasn’t easy, and I had to chop at the goo several times, but the door finally pulled wide enough to allow us in.
The infected in the courtyard wanted to stop our escape, but their bodies were beaten and broken to the point where all they could do is crawl our way. I told Gabby to give me her torch, and traded her the sword.
Jerry went into the apartment first, followed by Tony and Mimi. I stood guard, eyeing the infected as they crawled our way. Their skin moved because of the tentacles beneath, as if the Terrameds wanted nothing more than to burst free of their hosts and snatch us. I worried that if they got close enough, they’d risk exposure to the sun just to hurt us.
“Hurry,” I said to Tony as he struggled to fit through the door with is grandmother in his arms.
Tony clonked his grandmother’s head against the door. She yelled out, “Ow! What the hell are you trying to do, decapitate me?”
“Otis, you’ve got to pull the door open wider,” said Tony.
“I’m pulling as hard as I can.”
“Here, watch out,” said Gabby as she started to chop at some of the stretched goo to help allow the door to open wider.
The infected were getting closer by the second, and their faces were swollen with the swirling tentacles beneath their skin. The Terrameds were bunching themselves up near the faces and shoulders of their hosts, preparing to launch at us when they got close enough.
I moved towards them, waving the torch like a hero in a silent film warding off evil, dramatically sweeping the flame left and right, hoping to scare the creatures. They slowed, but continued their advance as if willing to suffer the bite of the flames.
“There, try now,” said Gabby as she moved aside to let her brother through.
Tony and Mimi made it into the apartment, and Gabby came over to pull at the back of my shirt. “Come on,” she said.
“You go. I’ll be right behind you.”
“You’d better be.” She handed me back the sword.
Otis continued to hold the door open as Gabby squeezed through. She needed almost as much space as Tony and Mimi combined.
“You’re next,” said Otis as he continued to hold the door. The red worms had gathered at the cut seams in the muck, and were trying to seal the gaps. They’d massed near the entrance, working as fast as they could. I tossed the torch at the nearest infected, and then grabbed the door.
“You first,” I said to Otis.
He didn’t argue, and I held the door for him as he ducked and crawled through to avoid the dripping slime that the worms were producing. The nearest infected behind me crawled over the lit torch, and the Terramed inside of the host squealed as the flames licked at the creature’s body. The slime that it was covered with quickly extinguished the fire, and the infected was within a few feet of me as I started to head through the door.
I heard the infected host’s skin split as the tentacles burst forth. Two barbed tentacles wrapped around my leg, attaching to my bloody hoodie that Gabby had wrapped over my wound. I fell down in the threshold, and splashed in the pooled muck.
The sun’s position allowed its light to shine on most of the building’s façade, leaving no respite from its direct warmth for the tentacles to hide in. They were exposed, and suffering for it. I looked back at them, and saw that the delicate skin of the tentacles had begun to burn and smoke already. All it took was a quick jerk of my leg and the tentacles began to rip as the infected and the Terramed alike screamed in pain.
“Dave!” Gabby screamed from inside.
“It’s okay,” I said as I got back to my feet. I went into the apartment, and then limped towards Gabby.
Tony had taken Mimi and Jerry out the back door, and left it open. I could see the parking lot, and a van with its engine running, waiting for us. Otis waved for me to follow. He yelled, “Come on!”
I couldn’t believe we’d made it. I’ll be the first to admit that making it out of Little Mexico was a far cry from escaping the apocalypse entirely, but it was a hell of a good start. I felt that if we’d made it this far, we might just stand a chance of surviving whatever else the apocalypse had in store for us.
Gabby was to my right, standing with her boyfriend, Jason.
The sight of him embracing Gabby stole whatever sense of elation and hope I’d formerly enjoyed. I experienced a sense of loss that I hadn’t expected, as if this stranger had come to steal my family away. Any hope I’d entertained about the possibility of a reconciliation with Gabby, and a renewal of the relationship I’d squandered, was ended by Jason’s arrival. The baby I thought might be mine, suddenly felt lost.
Jason was tall, athletic, and handsome. He was exactly the type of man a girl like Gabby was supposed to be with. Someone as pretty as her shouldn’t end up with a loser like me. That goes against social norms, and witnessing their reunion was a kick in the gut that reminded me of all the reasons I didn’t deserve someone like Gabby. I nodded at him and offered a weak, “Thanks for coming to get us.”
He just stared at me, holding Gabby. She was facing me, with one of his arms over her chest, and the other over her belly.
My overwhelming sense of jealousy and sorrow was replaced by dread and unease.
I began to notice everything that was wrong with the situation. The vent above Mimi’s chair was hanging open. There was slime on the carpet. Jerry’s wand was on the floor beside Gabby as she stood there like a statue. Jason was preventing Gabby’s movement.
And they were both staring directly at me.
Jason started to speak, “D… Day… Dave.”
The walls shuddered as Terrameds moved through them. They burst through the wall near the back door, blocking our way out, and sending various pictures of Mimi and her family tumbling to the floor.
Blackened, burned tentacles snaked around from behind Jason and over the front of Gabby’s stomach. One of the tentacles was missing its tip, revealing the architect of the trap I’d fallen into.
“Cum Dumpster, you son of a bitch.”




12 – A Heroic Sacrifice



We’d fallen right into CD’s trap. The Terramed must’ve heard us talking about Jason’s arrival, and snuck inside the apartment to infect him. Gabby certainly ran to him when she got into the apartment, and by the time she realized he was infected it was too late.
“Dave,” Jason said my name and started to smile.
Barbed tentacles scratched at Gabby’s stomach, ripping at her clothes and drawing blood. She whimpered, but was powerless to move. The creature had a firm grip, both with its tentacles and Jason’s arms.
There was only one hope of escape, at least for Gabby. I didn’t have any other choice but to offer myself as a sacrifice.
I put the broken katana to my throat and said, “You want me, right? That’s why you let the others go. Because I hadn’t fallen into your trap yet. If you want to be the one to kill me, then let her go. If you don’t, I swear to God I’ll slit my throat right here, right now.”
The Terramed hesitated, and then began to loosen its grip on Gabby. The barbed tentacles slid off her stomach, and Jason loosened his grip on her arms. She gasped and moved towards me, but I yelled at her, “Get out.”
“Dave, I…”
“Go. Now!”
“No, I’m not going to leave you.”
“Yes you are. You’re going to save that baby, no matter what.”
Beaver was barking outside, and I could hear Otis yelling my name.
“Otis,” I screamed out to him. The Terrameds had extended their tentacles across the hallway that led to the back door, blocking my sight of Otis and the others. “Get in the van. Wait for Gabby. She’s coming out.”
“They blocked the door,” said Tony.
“I know. They’re going to let Gabby go. Take her and get somewhere safe.” I stared into Jason’s eyes, never breaking my gaze. The katana was still pressed to my throat, nearly cutting into me as I waited for Cum Dumpster to let Gabby go.
Jason opened his mouth, and the Terramed inside of him let out a series of high pitched squeaks. The tentacles blocking the exit moved aside, and I glanced over at where Otis was waiting. He looked ready for a brawl, but I yelled out, “Otis, stay there. Don’t come in.”
“Dave,” said Gabby, her eyes filled with tears.
“It’s going to be okay. Get out of here. You and the others get as far away from here as you can. Don’t look back.”
“I’m not…”
“Go!” I shouted at her. She flinched as if it’d been a physical attack. “This isn’t just about you, Gabby. You’ve got to think of your baby.”
She corrected me, “Our baby.”
That nearly floored me. Of all the words ever strung together in the history of mankind, those two were the perfect ones to steel me in a way I’d never experienced before. There was no doubt in my mind that my sacrifice would be worth it.
I repeated the words, “Our baby.”
Gabby backed away, towards the door. Tentacles of all sizes began to drape from the holes in the ceiling, reaching down as if to grab at her before she could leave.
I pressed the sword harder to my throat, drawing blood. I looked at Jason and said, “Let her leave!”
Cum Dumpster’s wounded tentacle stretched out towards me, reaching for the blade at my throat. When I flinched, the tentacles above Gabby drooped lower, causing her to scream out in fear.
My Terramed nemesis continued to move its wounded tentacle towards my hand. It was moving tentative and calm, like a person might approach a wild animal with an offering of food. I didn’t move away, and the tentacle slipped over my hand and the handle of the sword. It gently tugged to get the blade to move away from my throat, and at the same time the tentacles touching Gabby rose to let her leave.
CD was no fool. He knew that I might slit my own throat the second Gabby was out of the apartment. I had no choice but to capitulate until Gabby was free.
With each step Gabby took, the tentacle around my hand tightened.
I took one last look at her before Otis swooped in and carried her away. The second she was out of the apartment, my nemesis ripped the sword out of my hand and threw it against the wall. The other Terrameds began to rip themselves free of their confines, sending plaster raining down all around me. Their vicious mouths bore through the walls.  Within seconds, I was surrounded by the monsters that’d brought about the apocalypse.
The Terrameds rose up, supported by multiple, thick tentacles that acted like legs. I got a chance to study them closer than ever before. Each of them had three distinctly different types of appendages. There were the thick, red speckled ones with the suction cups on them that did most of their heavy lifting. There were the thinner, barbed tentacles that were the longest of the bunch. And then there were the multiple short, thin variety that hung below their middle sections like a beard. Some of the smaller tentacles had black bulbs at their tips that acted like eyes. The creature’s mouth was hidden in the center of the mass of tentacles, and at the top there was a purple membrane that shielded the pink, pulsing brain within. The shape of their heads reminded me of a mushroom, or perhaps something more phallic.
“Oh, look at you bunch of dickheads,” I said as they approached. “Let’s get this gangbang started.”
Jason inched closer, smiling wide. His mouth opened, and he began to issue the most disturbing laugh I’ve ever heard. It started normal, if stilted, and then morphed into a wet expulsion more akin to a cough. His throat swelled as tentacles slid up through him. His eyes bulged, and then popped free of their sockets to dangle by their white, fleshy optical cords as new strings poked free. The tentacles that appeared from behind his eyes were pink and small, different from any of the others I’d seen.
Jason’s skull split right down the middle of his forehead. Blood squirted out at me as Jason’s brain sat exposed. There were strings of pink crisscrossing his brain, their tips stuck to it like leeches. The strings pulled away from his brain, ripping as they did, and then started to point in my direction.
Cum Dumpster wasn’t planning on killing me. He wanted to take over my body!
“Oh hell no!”
I’d been prepared to die, but I wasn’t about to let these things infect me. I’d rather force them to kill me.
I did the only thing I could think of, and sent my knee up into Jason’s crotch with as much force as possible. I hit him so hard that we both raised up off the ground for a moment, and when we came back down I felt his grip on me loosen. The Terramed was still hooked into Jason’s brain, and I imagine he was tuned into his nervous system as well. My attack had been devastating to my nemesis, and I hope I’ve got the honor of being the first person in history to knee a Terramed in the balls.
I dove for the sword, which was near the wall. I knew there was no chance of making it out of this alive, but if I had the opportunity to kill CD before the end, I was going to give it a shot.
CD grabbed my leg with one of its tentacles and pulled me back, which sent me falling face first to the floor. I crashed down and felt my nose crunch on the carpet. I wasn’t certain if it was broken, but it started bleeding immediately. Most of us have had that awful sensation, where you get hit in the nose and then momentarily wonder if you broke some sort of snot reservoir in your head as liquid begins gushing out.
I was about a foot out of reach of the sword, lying face down on the floor as CD climbed up onto my back. I flailed back at Jason in an attempt to stop what was about to happen, but he’d pinned me to the floor. Tentacles wrapped around my legs, arms, and waist. It felt like someone was pouring thick maple syrup over me as the tentacles spread out across my body. The larger appendages suctioned themselves to the floor and then to me, securing me in place. Each second I felt my body being pressed harder to the carpet, and my range of movement was shrinking. I continued to struggle, refusing to be a complacent victim.
My left hand brushed against something odd. It was a strap of some sort, and felt tough… like leather.
Jerry’s wand!
Gabby had dropped her grandmother’s leather bra when Jason grabbed her, and it was within my reach. I already knew the ionizer didn’t bother these creatures the way Jerry had suspected, and I knew that using it to create a fire wouldn’t do me any good either. After all, these creatures had a built in fire-suppressor. But how would they react to being electrocuted?
It was time to find out.
One of CD’s tentacles flopped over my head, blinding me and pressing my face to the carpet as tiny pink strings reached out from Jason’s face and started to snake down my cheek, headed for my ears, nose, and mouth. I had to blindly search for the battery box and outlet that Jerry had attached to the bra strap. By the time I found it, CD’s tentacles had nearly limited all of my movement. It was a struggle just to breathe as the tentacle’s suction cups pressed over my nose. I could feel those wormy little brain-strings inch their way along my cheek.
I found the bobby pin attached to the bra strap, but dropped it as I pulled it off. I had to desperately search for it on the carpet as CD’s brain-strings slid into my nasal cavity and continued searching my skull.
I heard Jason say my name, although his voice was barely more than a gurgle now.
“Dave.”
I jammed the bobby pin into the socket, prepared for a jolt.
Nothing happened.
Nothing fucking happened.
Jerry’s invention was broken, and I was doomed to suffer in whatever sick and twisted way CD wanted.
I could feel CD invading me, and I tried to imagine what would come next. Surely these things didn’t slide their way inside of people only through the nose. Would it slit me open and sneak inside? Was he impregnating me with a squid monster that would grow inside my brain like something from an Alien film?
Cum Dumpster was going to have its way with me. It would slip inside my head, take over my brain, and turn me into one of the infected legion.
A tentacle moved to cover my mouth and nose to suffocate me. The pink strings were still able to slide into me, but no air could make it to my lungs. These creatures didn’t need me alive to take over my body. Once inside, they snuffed out the life of their host and took over their bodies. It was happening to me. CD’s wormy strings were reaching up to my brain.
This would be my ignoble end. Suffocated by CD’s slimy tentacle before it took over my body and flicked a switch inside my head to turn me into a slave.
As simple as flipping a switch…
FLIP THE SWITCH!
Jerry’s contraption was turned off! That’s why it didn’t shock me when I stuck the bobby pin into the socket.
I was as close to dead as a person can get as I searched for the switch on the side of the battery pack. I found it, flipped the switch, and then slammed my hand onto the bobby pin like I was the President of the United States hitting the big red button that would fire off all the nukes.
A jolt of electricity surged through me, and subsequently through Cum Dumpster as well. The only time I’d ever experienced anything like it was in college when I let a friend hit me with a taser. Except this time the sensation wasn’t over immediately. CD’s tentacles stiffened from the shock, forcing my hand down onto the bobby pin and continuing the electrocution. My hand started to burn, but the pain didn’t even register. My body was convulsing from the electric shock, and every nerve ending felt like it was about to explode.
CD reacted to the attack by ballooning up with pus-filled sacs that quickly exploded, splashing the room with viscous fluid. However, the Terramed’s built-in fire defense didn’t help with electricity. It made the problem worse. The electricity flowed through the slime, continuing to murder us both.
The tentacle over my face lifted, allowing me to see that other Terrameds were coming to help, but when their tentacles touched CD’s slime they got jolted back. Finally, CD released my arm, and I was able to pull my hand off the socket.
When the electrocution stopped, I smelled smoke. There was no fire, because of the slime, but my left hand had been blackened and burned. The second the electrocution stopped, the surge of pain from my wounded hand came to the forefront of my mind. I pulled my hand to my chest, slipping it through a wave of brown goo filled with dead, electrocuted worms. As I cradled my wounded hand, I felt CD’s weight shift. He wasn’t holding me down anymore.
I started to crawl away from Jason’s corpse and the mass of tentacles that’d erupted from it. The combined weight of Jason and CD was nearly too much to escape from, but the new slime helped lubricate the ground. I slid free, and pushed my way on my stomach towards the katana that’d fallen near the wall.
The other Terrameds were too frightened of getting shocked to approach. They kept their distance as I crawled to the only weapon at my disposal.
Unfortunately, CD wasn’t dead yet. He squealed from atop Jason, and I looked back to see if he was coming for me.
CD had allowed himself to be fully exposed. The process of attempting to meld with me had forced him to allow the purple sheath over his brain to retract. The pink, pulsing brain of my nemesis was in full view.
The Terramed’s brain didn’t look like a human’s. It had four lobes instead of two, and was more malleable. It was covered in thin strings that searched the air like a sea anemone, but their formerly pink color had turned blisteringly red. The purple sheath that normally covered the brain was trying to slide back over it, but the creature had been wounded by the shock, and was moving slow.
I knew exactly what I had to do.
I grabbed that broken sword and used it like a cane to help me stand. Then I turned to face the creature that’d been intent on killing me. I planned on chopping at CD’s brain like a possessed deli slicer, but the Terramed had recovered from the electrocution better than I’d expected. It was pulling itself free of Jason’s body from a slit along his spine. Blood and mucus mingled in a sticky web beneath CD’s arms as it lifted itself free. Its mouth was facing me, open wide and revealing the raw esophagus within. A hundred triangular, razor sharp teeth vibrated as the creature screeched at me, and I knew that I’d lost any chance of dying painlessly. Cum Dumpster was pissed, and he wanted to make me suffer.
Plaster from the cracked and busted ceiling fell down over us like snow, dusting the hardening muck that covered me. CD paused and watched me with its hundred eyes clustered in two, undulating orbs. The purple sheath had been pulled up to cover CD’s brain, but the membrane was thin and wounded. I was certain I could cut through it and split the creature’s brain in two.
“Are you waiting for me to make the first move?” I asked. “Fine by me. I wasn’t planning on making it out of here anyway.”
I raised the sword and prepared to take what would likely be my final, desperate swing.
More plaster fell from above, and I realized my error. CD had been waiting for his brethren to get in position above me. The ceiling was teeming with Terrameds, and a barbed tentacle shot down at me in mid swing. The tentacle wrapped around my wrist and latched its sharp barb into my skin. The sword fell from my grip as the creature above tried to pull me up. A piece of the ceiling fell free, and the Terramed above dropped a few inches, which gave me a chance to resituate myself. I took advantage of the slack by grabbing onto the tentacle and pulling it backward as hard as I could. The Terramed above was pulled about a foot out of the ceiling as I inched closer to the wall behind me.
CD took the opportunity to lunge at me teeth first. Its wide mouth and multiple lips tried to snap at me, but it missed as I moved back. Then the creature lashed out at me with several tentacles and pushed me up against the wall.
But it wasn’t the wall I was against. My back came in contact with the thick, hot blackout blinds that were the only thing standing between a room full of Terrameds and a hell of a lot of sunshine.
“Hope you brought your sunscreen, pal.”
I grabbed the blinds’ cord and yanked it hard enough to bring the blinds down behind me. Sun flooded the room, and the Terrameds screeched in pain as the unforgiving light burned their delicate bodies. The entire apartment was filled with sunlight, and the creatures struggled to find a place to hide. Some of them headed for the walls, but the direct exposure wreaked havoc on them as they tried to dig their way to safety. One of them headed for the sink in an attempt to squeeze down the drain, but it would burn to death before making it even halfway down. Another one of the Terrameds reached to the ceiling and started to pull itself up, but its body was exploding with sacs of pus as it struggled to get away. Pieces of the creature began to fall off like the old skin of a snake.
Cum Dumpster bore the brunt of the sunshine, and shrunk from me as it wrapped tentacles around its fragile brain. There was no way in hell I was going to let him get away.
“Oh no you don’t.” I ran at the creature and tried to grab onto it. The slime made it hard to get a grip on its tentacles, so I grabbed a handful of its eye stalks like I was plucking a bunch of carrots. I pulled CD towards the window, and then plunged my burned hand into the wounded, purple membrane that protected its brain. CD lashed at me with its barbed tentacles, but at that point I didn’t care about pain anymore. All I wanted was to pluck its brain like a peach pit and burn it to a crisp.
I felt the squishy brain, and the thin hairs that covered it, and tried to pull it free. All the while, CD’s skin was erupting in pus-filled sacs that were exploding all around me. The stench was horrific, and there wasn’t a single inch of my body that wasn’t in pain as CD fought to survive, but all of this was worth it when I was finally able to pull that brain out. I had the brain cupped in my hands like a doctor pulling a newborn from a screaming mother, and I yanked it from the folds of tentacles so that it was exposed to the sun.
The soft, squishy brain sizzled in the sunshine and quickly hardened. CD’s tentacles went limp, but I wasn’t convinced my nemesis was truly dead. I wasn’t going to risk getting tricked by this thing again. I dragged the creature back towards the window and then slammed its brain against the hot window pane. It continued to sizzle and smoke until it began to crumble like a piece of charred wood. Bits and pieces of the brain fell apart in my hand, and I finally tossed them to the ground.
I wish I’d thought of some incredible, Schwarzenegger-style line in that moment, but I settled for a jerk off motion, aiming my imaginary splooge at CD’s corpse. “Suck it, Cum Dumpster.”
My path out of the apartment was clear, although I assume the creatures could’ve risked exposure to lash out at me from the walls. However, I wasn’t scared of them anymore. And I think they realized that I wasn’t the sort of guy they should fuck with.
I retrieved the sword, flicked off the muck, and headed for the door to get the hell out of Little Mexico for good. None of the remaining Terrameds tried to bar my way. I made it outside, but Gabby and the others were nowhere to be seen. I was alone, but for the first time in as long as I can remember I had a sense of purpose.
That was my son Gabby was carrying, and I’d do whatever it took to make it back to him. I knew my friends planned to drive to the bike path that led up to the foothills, so I’d head that direction. It wouldn’t be long before the sun set, which meant the Terrameds would have free reign all night long. Whatever trials I’d survived thus far, the future promised to be even worse. It was me against the world, but at that moment I felt like I couldn’t lose.
Trust me, that feeling would fade fast.



To Be Continued…






Author’s Note



I hope you enjoyed Dave’s first adventure. I enjoyed writing it, that’s for sure.
A lot of the books I write have a tendency to be pretty serious, and I needed a vacation from that. I wanted an excuse to be bawdy, ridiculous, and at times offensive without feeling the need to be politically correct. I’m certain the humor in this book will offend some people, but I don’t want the limits in my career to be defined by what some people find offensive. Dave, and the rest of the characters in this series, don’t give two craps about offending people, and I find that refreshing.
When I started this book, I was writing it with the intention of only dabbling in it from time to time while working on other projects, but then it took over. I was having so much fun writing that I didn’t want to leave Dave until his journey was complete. Before I knew it, this book had become my main project. I’m glad it did, because I think it turned out pretty well. I’m eager to jump back into Dave’s world as soon as I can, and explore where he’s headed next.
There’s a lot left to discover about Dave and the apocalypse he’s found himself mired in. I want to explore more about him and Gabby, including what happened to end their relationship. Then there’s also Dave’s past. What happened between him and his aunt? Why does he hate guns? All those answers are waiting for us in future installments.
And then there’s the apocalypse itself, which has just started. The only view we’ve had of it so far is in this one, small community. How has it affected the rest of the world? If the Terrameds are attracted to (or targeting) areas with high levels of positive ions, then are they going to eventually wipe out all technology? What could make them want to do that? And how did they get here in the first place? That’s all stuff I’m eager to explore in the coming books.
One thing I want to mention here is that I purposefully included some similarities to my Deadlocked books in this series. They’re both about an apocalypse, but I also have the main character’s name as ‘Dave’, which I did mainly to delight readers who recall the original Deadlocked book. Having a book told in the first person by a character named Dave might harken back to Deadlocked 1, and make some readers make a false prediction about how this one would end. I thought that would be a fun way to link the two series.
Finally, I’d like to thank all of my fans who’ve made my career as a writer possible. There’s no way I could ever thank you enough, and I hope you keep reading what I’m writing!
If you’d like to get updates about upcoming books, make sure to visit my website (arwisebooks.com), and if you’re on Facebook then please make sure to join the AR Wise fan page (Facebook Fanpage) to find out all about the multiple free giveaways I offer.

A.R. Wise Books
The Widowsfield Trilogy
	314 (available FREE on most ebook sites)
	314 Book 2
	314 Book 3
Deadlocked Series
	Deadlocked Complete First Series
	Deadlocked 1 (available FREE on most ebook sites)
	Deadlocked 2
	Deadlocked 3
	Deadlocked 4
	Deadlocked 5 – Aftermath
	Deadlocked 6 – Uprising
	Deadlocked 7 – Legacies
	Deadlocked 8 – Sons of Reagan
	Deadlocked Broken Pieces Vol 1-3
Among the Masses Series
	Among the Dead and Dying
	Among the Fallen Swords
Lincoln Pierce Mysteries
	Never Coming Home
	Sins of the Father
Bathory Series
	Daughter of Bathory
Sex, Drugs, and Dead Things

Several of my books are available for free on most ebook sites. Here’s a list of the free books available and a short synopsis, followed by a sample of the book, 314.

FREE EBOOKS BY A.R. WISE
314 – Alma Harper has been trying to forget what happened in Widowsfield 16 years ago. She has a good life as a music teacher now, and might rekindle her relationship with her one true love. However, the number 314 haunts her, and threatens to bring her back to the day that her brother disappeared. When a reporter shows up, just days before March 14th, Alma realizes that her past is coming back to haunt her. What happened on March 14th, at 3:14, 16 years ago? No one but The Skeleton Man can remember.

Deadlocked - David was caught in the middle of the city when the zombie outbreak started. His wife and daughters were at home, stranded on the roof as zombies waited below. He would have to fight through hordes of undead, merciless other survivors, and a series of death defying stunts to get home. However, even if he makes it there, how can he be sure they're safe?
Deadlocked puts you into David's head as he struggles to get home. Then a final confrontation occurs that could guarantee his family's survival, but at what cost?

Among the Dead and Dying - Thousands of years after a zombie apocalypse wiped out the majority of humans, the world is a very different and harsh place. It's safest to live behind the fortified walls of the Kingdom of Golden Rock, or it least it had been. Rumors of an army of dead led by a man calling himself The Scholar have proven true, and even the most secure cities are no match for his undead soldiers. The Scholar's goal is to crush the world of the living, but he also wants to capture a simple baker named Saffi, though no one seems to know why. 
Saffi's father vows to protect his daughter, and flees The Scholar's path, only to fall prey to other evils of the world outside the walls. In just one day's time, Ward and Saffi's lives will be forever altered, and the secret about why The Scholar wants her will be revealed.

Never Coming Home - It's the ten year anniversary of a murderer's first crime, and the memory of that kill reawakens a vicious lust in him. He accepts his true nature. He's a killer, and his passion needs to be sated. He begins to plan future murders, but discovers that someone out there is on his trail, digging up old, forgotten clues and interviewing people involved with the crime that police had all but forgotten. In order to continue with his new spree, the killer will have to eliminate the detective who's begun asking the right questions. 
Lincoln Pierce is an amateur private detective who took on a case that was close to his daughter's heart. Ten years ago, two of her school friends disappeared on their way home. The brother of one of the victims was charged with murder, but a lot of people believe he was falsely accused, including Lincoln's daughter. As Lincoln and his daughter work together to dig into the cold case, it becomes clear that there's more going on than they ever anticipated. Lincoln will discover that the real killer's still on the loose, and his next victim could be close to home.


314 Sample

PART ONE : THE SERPENT’S COIL

CHAPTER 1 - It Begins Again

Widowsfield
March 14th, 1996

“It’s going to happen in three minutes.”
Mark Tapper sat on the edge of his son’s bed and tried to comfort the eight-year-old. He considered calling an ambulance, but didn’t know if what Jeremy was suffering from qualified as an emergency. He decided to wait for his wife to get home, since she’d be there in just a few minutes anyhow. She’d left work early when the school called, but Mark was able to get to Widowsfield Elementary to pick Jeremy up first.
“What’s going to happen in three minutes?” Mark glanced at the clock on the nightstand that displayed 3:11 on the stomach of a Batman figurine. 
“I told you,” said Jeremy. The desperation in his voice terrified Mark. “The Skeleton Man’s coming.”
“I don’t know what that means, kiddo. Help me out here.” Mark tried to wipe sweat from his boy’s brow, but Jeremy jerked away as if frightened by contact. “Who’s this Skeleton Man you keep talking about?”
“He’s coming, and then everyone’s going to go crazy. Dad, I don’t want to kill you again.”
The statement was more than a little disconcerting. Mark stood up and put his hands on his head in exasperation as he stared down at his quivering child. He’d tried to stay calm through all of his son’s outbursts, but he couldn’t take it anymore. “That does it. Mom can meet us at the hospital. Do you think you can walk, or do you want me to call an ambulance?” This manic episode had confounded the school nurse, and it was getting worse the longer it went on. When Mark picked his son up from school, Jeremy had simply been crying, but now his mania had gone from concerning to disturbing.
“There’s no time. I can already hear his teeth.” Jeremy looked at his father and chattered his teeth, as if he was freezing cold. Then he looked at the clock and they both saw the time change.
3:12
Jeremy put his hands under his pillow and bunched it up so the sides covered his ears. He clenched his eyes shut and continued to weep. “You should just kill yourself. Make it easy. Just shoot yourself in the head and get it over with. You can’t handle what’s coming. No one can.”
Mark was frantic now. His hands were shaking and he rushed out of the room to compose himself. The last thing Jeremy needed to see was his father breaking down. Mark felt helpless and terrified. Something was happening to his son, and he had no idea how to fix it. When he’d been called in by the school he expected to hear that his son had thrown up, or got in a fight, or anything other than this. Jeremy had never shown signs of a mental disorder and Mark was utterly unprepared for what was happening. He broke down after he closed his son’s door, but there was no time for weeping. He rushed down the stairs to get the phone and call 9-1-1.
The cord on the kitchen phone stretched long enough to accommodate his pacing as he listened to the automated voice tell him that his call would be taken in the order it was received. He glanced at the green numbers displayed on the microwave’s clock.
3:13
“Widowsfield County 9-1-1,” said a woman’s voice on the phone. “What is your emergency?” She sounded elderly, and kind, immediately affable.
Mark didn’t know where to start. “Hi, my name’s Mark Tapper.”
“Howdy, Mark,” said the operator. “What’s your emergency?”
He’d been struggling to answer that question himself, and had trouble relaying it to her. “It’s my son, Jeremy. I got a call from his school because he was having a, like, I guess a mental breakdown or something. I don’t really know. I had to pick him up early from school because he was crying and talking about how someone named The Skeleton Man is coming.” He chuckled out of nervousness and felt embarrassed for it.
The clock held steady at 3:13, seconds away from the time that Jeremy had warned about. 
“It’s okay, sir. We can get someone out there if you’d like.”
Mark stared at the clock, dreading the coming change.
“Sir?” she asked after he didn’t respond. “What’s your address?”
It changed.
3:14
Nothing happened and Mark breathed a sigh of relief. He didn’t know why he was so scared. “Sorry, what was that?”
The operator didn’t respond.
“Hello?” asked Mark.
She gurgled on the other line, a wet, throaty expulsion of sound, as if the woman had started to choke. Then he heard a shrill scream. Someone else in the operator’s office had become frightened. The gurgling continued.
“Hello?” Mark asked again and looked at the phone as if expecting to be able to see what was wrong. He pushed in the wire that connected the phone to the base on the wall to make sure it hadn’t fallen loose.
He was in the kitchen when he caught sight of the green fog outside. It had been a gorgeous spring day just moments earlier, but there was no sign of sunlight now. The town had been blanketed in fog that glowed as if illuminated deep within by a pulsing green light. Mark took tremulous steps toward the window above the sink. The phone went dead, and he let it drop to the floor where the cord pulled it skittering backward across the tile.
“Holy hell,” said Mark as he leaned over the sink.
The fog was thick enough to cloud his view of the houses across the street. Even the Oak tree in the front yard was hazed. Waves of green light flashed within the fog, as if he were watching electricity roll out from some machine within. It crackled and coursed along metallic objects, giving shape to things lost in the mist. 
Then he saw a man lean out from behind the tree. The fog was too thick to see any details, but the stranger was very tall and thin, and he retreated back behind the tree as soon as Mark saw him. 
“Dad,” said Jeremy from upstairs. He didn’t sound panicked anymore.
“Yeah, Jeremy,” said Mark as he backed away from the window. He wanted to go out and confront the stranger, but was afraid of the mist and still concerned for his son. “Are you okay?”
Jeremy didn’t answer.
He heard small, light footsteps running across the floor upstairs, headed down the hall from the bathroom to Jeremy’s room.
Mark stopped staring out the window and ran to reach Jeremy. He bounded up the stairs and was confronted by his son at the threshold of the boy’s room. 
“Jeremy,” said Mark as he paused at the top of the stairs. “Do you know what’s going on?” He asked as if afraid his son was somehow responsible for what had happened outside.
“I tried to warn you.”
Jeremy held a straight razor to his own throat.
“Buddy, put that down.” Mark took a tentative step, like a cop approaching a suicidal man.
Jeremy looked at the blade and smiled. “This isn’t for me, Dad. It’s for you.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The Skeleton Man’s here, and he taught me how to hate.”
“Put the razor down, Jeremy.” Mark’s authoritative tone was beleaguered by fear.
The razor reflected green light from a nearby window. “We’re going to try something new this time. The Skeleton Man remembered something that he wants to try on you.” Jeremy giggled, as if talking about something cute a puppy had done. “He’s so excited. He doesn’t want to hurt me, but if you take another step then we won’t have a choice. He’ll slit my throat just to watch you cry.”
“What’s going on, Jeremy? Who’s The Skeleton Man? How did you know that something was going to happen at 3:14?”
“I think we’ve done this before,” said Jeremy. “I think we’ve been doing it for years.” He seemed confused, but then shrugged off his uncertainty. “We’ll keep doing it until we get it right, I guess. Do you want to hear what we’re planning for you?”
“I just want you to put the razor down.”
Jeremy looked down at his father’s feet as the man came closer, and he pressed the razor harder against his own throat. “Don’t do it, Daddy.”
Mark retreated a step and held his hands out. “Okay, Jeremy. Okay, I’m backing up. Now just put the razor down. Can you do that for me?”
“Dad, I told you, this isn’t for me. It’s for you. He’s only going to hurt me if you don’t do what he says. Don’t you get it?”
“No!” Mark’s terror overwhelmed him. “I don’t get it, Jeremy. Please tell me what’s going on.”
Jeremy nodded, his cherub visage turned wicked by the blade he held to his own throat. “The Skeleton Man wants me to put you in the bathtub, and then we’re going to pour boiling water over you until we can peel your skin off.”
“What?” Mark’s question escaped as a whimpering whisper.
“And if you can stay awake, then we’ll pour the chemicals on you.” Jeremy grinned. “It’s going to be a lot of fun, Dad. And you want to know the best part?” He didn’t wait for an answer before continuing. “You’re going to let us do it. You know why?”
Mark didn’t know what to do other than comply with his son’s insanity. “Why?”
“Because if you don’t, I’ll slit my throat. You can either die like we want you to, or watch me kill myself. Daddy, I don’t want to die; I know how much it hurts. So you’re going to have to do what we tell you. Okay?”
The front door opened. Mark didn’t want to turn and look, fearing that if he took his eyes off Jeremy then his son might hurt himself. He hoped that his wife had come home, or that the 9-1-1 dispatcher had been able to track the location of the call and send police. Instead, he heard several light footsteps running through the house, followed by the happy chatter of children.
“My friends are here,” said Jeremy. “They’ll start boiling the water. Are you ready for your bath?”
“What the hell is going on?”
“My best guess,” said Jeremy as he glanced up. “God gave up.”
Mark thought about rushing his son to steal the razor from him, but Jeremy seemed to anticipate this and pressed it harder to his throat. The blade sliced the boy’s skin and Jeremy winced as blood coursed down the black handle.
Jeremy’s eyes welled with tears. “Please don’t kill me, Dad! I told you, I don’t want to die. All the Daddies hate their babies!”
“Put the razor down!”
“Don’t come any closer,” said Jeremy. Blood dripped off his knuckles. “This hurts! I’m scared.” It was as if it were someone else holding the knife to Jeremy’s throat.
“Okay! Okay!” Mark backed up a step. 
Jeremy relaxed the blade, but the small cut continued to bleed as the boy cried. “You need to go get in the bathtub. Please? Don’t make this any harder than it has to be.”
“This is insane,” said Mark. “I don’t understand what’s going on. Why are you doing this?”
“Because it’s what The Skeleton Man wants.”
“Who the hell is The Skeleton Man?”
Pots and pans rattled as they were taken out of the cabinets downstairs. Mark could hear the children laugh as they filled the pots with water. He heard them trying to work the microwave as well.
“He’s the man in the mist,” said Jeremy. “He’s the one that keeps the children safe. He’s our only friend. Without him, we’d be as lost as you, and none of us want that.”
“Safe from what?” Mark was in the bathroom now, edging backward as his son stayed out of arm’s reach.
“All the ones that came with him. The ones that will poison you unless we stop it from happening. You’ll turn evil, like you did all the other times. We can’t let that happen. The Skeleton Man showed us what the Daddies do.”
“What other times?” The bathroom was small, with a porcelain tub that took up the opposite side. The toilet and sink sat between the tub and the door where Jeremy stood with the razor still pressed against his neck. Mark backed up against the tub and staggered. He grabbed the plastic shower curtain to steady himself and two of the rings that held it up snapped loose. He fell to a seated position on the edge of the tub.
Jeremy shook his head as if he felt sorry for his father’s ignorance. “All the other times we tried to save you. You’re one of the dead ones. There’s no saving you, but you can still save me.”
Mark felt helpless. He was a big guy, over 220 pounds, and he worked out in the basement every night. His job kept him fit as well, and he prided himself on his physique. However, none of his strength could help him now. He often said that he loved his son more than life itself, and that he’d do anything to protect him, but now he was being forced to prove it.
“You’ve lost your mind, Jeremy. Something’s wrong with you. Trust me, I’d never hurt you.” He started to stand back up and reach out to his son.
Jeremy reacted as if his father was threatening to strike him. His eyes grew wide and he moved back as he yelled. “You’re hurting me now! Can’t you see that? Look at my blood, Daddy! You’re killing me.”
“Stop it, Jeremy.” Mark cried out, but didn’t dare to move forward.
Jeremy dug the blade into his neck and cringed in pain as he shouted for mercy. “Daddy, don’t hurt me like this! Please don’t hurt me.”
“Okay, Jeremy, tell me what I have to do. Tell me what you want.”
“Get in the tub, Dad!”
Mark stepped into the bathtub with his arms outstretched as if to assure Jeremy that he was being submissive. “Okay, I’m in. Now put the razor down.”
“Take your shirt off,” said Jeremy with the razor still pressed to his bleeding throat.
Mark did as he was told and tossed the shirt to the floor. A chill came over him as a waft of green fog trailed across the hallway behind Jeremy.
“You can’t expect me to just sit here and let this happen,” said Mark.
“If you don’t, then The Skeleton Man is going to make you watch me kill myself. Is that what you want?”
“I’m not going to let that happen,” said Mark. He got angrier the longer this went on. 
Jeremy stepped back and leaned to the side as if listening to someone in the hall. Then he came back into the bathroom. “If you step out of the tub, or try to knock away the pots of water, then I’m going to kill myself. It’s important that you know that. You have to do as you’re told, Dad. Okay? Do you understand?”
“No, God damn it! No, I don’t understand, Jeremy. Why are you doing this? Please just put the razor down.”
“We’ve tried to let you live before, but The Skeleton Man was right about you,” said Jeremy. Blood ran down his arm and dripped from his elbow. “This is the only way we can save the children. It has to start with the Daddies dying.”
“Then why are you going to boil me? Why did you say that you’re going to strip my flesh and pour chemicals on me? Don’t you think this Skeleton Man is the evil one? Buddy, I’m your Dad, you’ve got to trust me.”
“No,” said Jeremy. “I’ve made that mistake before. There’s only one person that I trust now, and we’re going to do this the way he wants.”
A pair of cautious footsteps came from the hall. Mark heard water slosh over the side of a container and hit the floor as two children yelped in surprise. 
“Be careful,” said one of the high pitched voices.
“I am, you be careful,” said the other.
Jeremy stepped into the hall so his friends could come in. Mark recognized the two boys that carried the water. They lived in the neighborhood, although he didn’t know their names. They were wearing oven mitts and carrying a large Pyrex bowl filled with steaming water between them.
“We got this one from the micowaver,” said the younger of the two boys. His childish wording belied his horrific intent as he waddled into the room. Water spilled over the side and the boy swiftly moved his barefoot to keep the water from burning him. Both of the boys had muddy feet that left tracks across the linoleum as they approached.
“Don’t you dare,” said Mark. He backed into the corner of the tub and knocked over a bottle of shampoo as he did. “You get away from me with that.”
The two boys stopped and looked back at Jeremy as if to ask what they should do. Jeremy looked at his father, disappointed. “Don’t fight this, Dad. You need to sit down and let them pour the water on you.”
“Fuck that,” said Mark. He tried his best to avoid cursing in front of his son, but the current situation absolved that concern. 
“You want to watch me die?” asked Jeremy.
“No, of course not,” said Mark. “But I’m not going to sit here and let your little friends pour boiling water on me either. This is crazy.” He stared at the bowl instead of looking at Jeremy. The water wasn’t bubbling, but he had no doubt it was searing hot. He was familiar with how water heated in a microwave doesn’t bubble, but can still get hotter than water boiled on a stove. 
“What happens if you die?” asked one of the boys of Jeremy. Then he looked at Mark and added, “What if he tries to fight back?”
“Then The Skeleton Man will slaughter all of us and start over.” Jeremy spoke with utter certainty, as if this was a possibility he’d known for years and had come to accept. “My Daddy will have killed us all.”
“No, Jeremy,” said Mark. “You’ve gone insane. This is crazy!”
“Just throw it on him.” Jeremy spoke like a callous war criminal instructing his soldiers to execute a prisoner.
“Okay,” said one of the boys. They stepped forward and tipped the bowl on its side as they threw it into the tub. The glass bowl slammed into Mark and the water seared his skin. He staggered back as the wave hit him. He fell against the cold tile wall where he slid down as the water stung his skin. He swiped away the wetness as he screamed and writhed. 
“The water’s going down the drain,” said Jeremy, disappointed. “Someone plug the drain or else we won’t be able to cook him!”
One of the boys stepped forward to do as Jeremy instructed, but Mark slapped the child on the side of the head, sending him smashing into the wall. The child crumpled on the bathroom floor and cried out in pain.
“Hey!” Jeremy screamed at his father. “Do you want me to die?” He swiped the razor across his cheeks and cried out in pain before pressing the blade against his throat again. “Is this what you want? Don’t hurt my friends or I’m going to keep cutting myself up.”
Mark looked at the skin on his arms where he’d tried to block the wave of scalding water. His arms were brilliant red and the thick black hair seemed to be melting off him. He growled in pain and anger and then slammed his hand down on the tub’s plunger. He seethed as he glowered at his son. “Fine. Bring it on. I’m not going to let anyone hurt you, Jeremy, not even yourself. If this is how I have to prove it, then so be it. Do your worst. But just remember what I did for you. I’d do anything to protect you. You’re my son. I’d do anything for you.”
Two more children appeared at the door with another bowl of water. The steam swirled in the bathroom and mixed with the fog that had started to fill the house. As the torture continued, and Mark suffered wave after wave of boiling water, he thought he saw a man lean in from the hallway, peering through the thickening steam to watch Mark’s agony.
The Skeleton Man’s teeth chattered as he watched another daddy die.

16 Years Later
March 9th, 2012

“I love these kids,” said Alma Harper. “I’ve had some great groups this year.”
“That’s wonderful to hear,” said Principal White. She walked with Alma through Trenton Elementary. Class was in session, so the halls were empty except for the hum of teachers and children speaking behind closed doors. The walls were papered with drawings of mythical creatures that the third grade class had done for a recent project. Half of the pictures were of smiling unicorns and the other half were demonic monstrosities, probably drawn exclusively by boys. The charter school prided itself on ignoring many of the social norms associated with gender, but that didn’t change the fact that most boys liked to draw monsters while the girls preferred flowers and smiling faces.
Alma had her guitar strapped over her shoulder and adjusted it as they walked. She towered over Principal White, who was a short, pudgy woman in her fifties. Alma’s tall, lanky figure was accentuated when standing next to her boss, and she often felt embarrassed by it.
“Alma, I’m afraid I have some bad news for you.”
Alma was aware of recent budget cuts, but she’d been assured that her music class was safe. Of course, employees on the brink are rarely warned before the axe falls, and education jobs suffer more from callous cuts than just about any other industry.
Alma slowed her pace and her dread must’ve been revealed by her pallor because Principal White was quick to console her. “It’s not that bad,” said Mrs. White. “You’re not losing your job. We still need a music program.”
Alma put her hand over her heart and was surprised by how fast it was beating. “Thank goodness. You scared me.”
“We love you around here, Alma. And more importantly, the kids love you.”
“Thanks,” said Alma as she started to walk at a regular pace again. “But you said you had bad news.”
“I do,” said Mrs. White. “I know you’ve been in your room for a couple years now, but we’re having a lot of trouble with the budget. We’re doing everything we can to deal with it, and I’m afraid we had to give your space to the new remedial math program.”
“Okay,” said Alma, a mix of concern and sorrow in her tone. “So where am I being moved to? The old room was already too small for us. I can’t imagine trying to cram all of the kids and their instruments into a smaller space.”
“I know, Alma. Trust me, I’ve been trying to figure this out for a long time. I had to come to a decision because Mr. Franks wants to start building his new math room over spring break.”
Mrs. White guided Alma down one of the school’s hallways that led to the lab rooms, auditorium, and cafeteria. 
“You’re kidding,” said Alma. “Spring break starts tomorrow. I thought you were talking about this happening at the beginning of next year. Are you saying I only have a week to get a new room set up?”
“I know this is last minute,” said Mrs. White.
“Yeah, you’re not kidding.” Alma had always been told that she was too nice for her own good, but this situation tried her patience. She ran her hand through her long, dark hair and scratched at the top of her head as she sighed. “I’m glad I didn’t have any spring break plans. Looks like I’m going to be busy.”
Mrs. White put her hand on Alma’s back and smiled up at her. “As soon as I heard about this, I knew we had to come up with a good solution for you. I got together with a few of the other teachers, and some of your students, and we came up with a plan.”
“Thanks,” said Alma.
“You’ve got people looking out for you,” said Mrs. White. 
They came to a stop in front of a lab room door and Mrs. White had an odd grin, as if she was desperately trying to hide something from Alma. 
“How long have you known this was going to happen?” Alma was suspicious of the principal’s giddy demeanor. “What are you up to?”
Mrs. White shook her head and giggled. Her face was turning red and she refused to look directly at Alma as she swung the door open. She pushed Alma into the room and suddenly the deception was revealed.
“Surprise!”
A chorus of voices greeted Alma as she was pushed into the room. Her knees buckled at the sight of over a hundred kids lined up on stadium style seats along the far wall. Music notes had been painted on the walls, and a piano was situated to the left of the entrance, its black lacquer reflecting the sparkling lights high above. The cherry wood floor vibrated from the applause of the teachers, children, and parents that had gathered for the surprise.
“What’s this?” asked Alma as tears sprang to her eyes. She put her fingertips over her mouth as Mrs. White continued to push at her back to force her further in. “What did you guys do?”
Mrs. White took Alma’s guitar case and handed it to a teacher’s assistant who then placed it against the wall. The crowd was still clapping and saying a myriad of kind things as Alma pressed her hands over her mouth as she cried.
There was a camera crew in the corner with a news reporter who waited with a microphone. They walked into the center of the room as Mrs. White finally backed away. Alma turned to look at the principal and saw that she was overjoyed. Mrs. White’s face was beet red and she waved at her eyes in an attempt to stop crying. “Surprise,” she squeaked, hardly able to speak.
A tall woman in a black and grey pants suit stepped forward from the bleachers. It was Blair Drexler, the head of the PTA. “The local news station contacted us and set all this in motion. They heard about how the recent budget cuts were going to threaten your music class, and got together with us to try and stop it from happening. Not a single one of us on the PTA were going to let that happen. We knew we had to protect your class.”
Alma had trouble standing. She stumbled and Blair rushed forward to provide support. “How did you do this?” asked Alma as she gazed around the room.
“We voted and unanimously agreed to use the proceeds from the jog-a-thon to fund the construction of a new music room. And the Channel 7 news team helped out a lot too.” She turned to look at the news crew and a thin, strawberry blonde woman stepped forward. The reporter quickly wiped away a tear and composed herself.
“Hello, Miss Harper,” said the reporter. She was a gorgeous young woman, with a thin waist that tapered to wide thighs. She wore massive heels that shamed Alma’s penny loafers, but even the three inch boost couldn’t raise the petite reporter to the music teacher’s height. 
“Oh my gosh,” said Alma as she wiped away tears. “I can’t believe this. How did this happen?” She burst into laughter and Blair joined in. They hugged and then Alma continued to try and compose herself for the cameras. “I must look like a wreck.”
The kids on the bleachers laughed and spontaneously started cheering again. One of the second graders, a sweet boy named Billy, ran off the stands and past the gathered teachers and parents, several of whom tried to catch him. He collided with Alma and wrapped his arms around her legs.
“Surprise, Miss Harper,” he said as he embraced her.
She knelt down and pulled him into a tight embrace. This initiated a rush from the stands as the other children decided to join in. Everyone was laughing as the kids pushed their way to Alma, each wanting to get their chance to hug their favorite teacher. The cameraman and reporter were forced back as the swell of children surrounded Alma.
After a few minutes of chaos, Principal White was forced to try and get things back in order. “Okay everyone, that’s enough. Let’s get back to our places so Miss Harper can breathe!” She clapped her hands, which was a familiar move of hers that signaled she wanted attention. “Let’s go, kids. Back to your places.” The crowd dispersed and Alma was left crying in the center of the room.
Blair held Alma’s hand as she spoke. “We’re lucky to have you, Alma, and we thought this was a good way to show it.”
“I still can’t believe this,” said Alma.
“Miss Harper,” said the reporter as she stepped back into the middle of the room. “I’m Rachel Knight, with Channel 7 News.” She reached out to shake Alma’s hand. “We’re honored to be a part of this, and I just have to ask, how does this feel?” She put the microphone in front of Alma.
“Oh my gosh, I can’t even think of how to say it. Look at me,” she held her hands out in front of her and watched them tremble. “My hands are shaking. I’m stunned, shocked, overwhelmed, absolutely in love with all of you.” She raised her hands and shouted out to the students, parents, and fellow teachers. They reciprocated with another round of applause. “Thank you all so much.”
Mrs. White stepped beside Alma and rubbed a circle on her back. “I don’t think you have to worry about spending your spring break putting together a new music room!”
Alma pulled the principal in for a hug. “You got me, Helen! I can’t believe you did this.”
“It was my pleasure,” said Mrs. White. “You’re a good teacher, and we want to keep you around here for a long time.”
“Well, this was a pretty good way to do it,” said Alma.
“Good,” said Mrs. White. “Then my plan worked.” They both laughed and embraced again.
The reporter interviewed Alma about how she felt, and what it was like to be surprised this way. They discussed how Alma had always wanted to be a music teacher, and that this was the best day of her life. Then the reporter asked if Alma had any siblings, which seemed like an odd question, and Alma struggled to answer. “No, not exactly. Why?”
“No reason, just curious,” said the reporter.
“So what’s next?” asked Helen White. “Do you need to interview Alma any more?”
“Oh please say no,” said Alma. “I’m a total wreck right now.”
Rachel laughed and shook her head. “Don’t worry. We don’t have to do anything right away. We’d still like to get a follow-up interview with you, but we can do that later. We’ll just need you to sign a few release papers, and then we’ll spend some time getting exterior shots and maybe speak with a few of the kids. If you want, we’d be happy to buy you dinner tonight for an interview. That way you can have a chance to relax and absorb all of this.”
“That’d be great,” said Alma.
The man behind the reporter lowered his camera. He set it on the floor and then wiped off his sweaty hand before offering it to Alma. “Hi, I’m Stephen.”
“Hi,” said Alma as she shook his hand.
“Do you mind if I just ask you one quick question?” He didn’t wait for permission before asking. “Are you the same Alma Harper that was involved with the Widowsfield incident in 1996?”
Rachel put her hand on the cameraman’s chest and pushed him backward. “Not now, Stephen.” She smiled at Alma. “We’ll talk to you tonight. Okay?”
Alma nodded.
All of the joy of the moment dissipated at the mere mention of Widowsfield. Alma’s hands still shook, but now it was for a new reason.




