


It’s a Wonderful Undead Life
and Other Yuletide Tales

By M. J. Reed



Copyright © 2012 by M. J. Reed
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved




Table of Contents

It’s A Zombie Christmas…
It’s a Wonderful Undead Life
How a Zombie and his Undead Dog Stole Christmas
X-Mas Story
Bloodthirsty Zombie Rampage on 34th Street
Home and Almost Alone
Frosty the Undead Snowman
Zombie Apocalypse, Now
A Christmas Carol  A Zombie Story of Christmas


___________________________________
It’s a Zombie Christmas…


His head was round, perfectly unnaturally round.  Then again, all their heads were round.  That was the gimmick, like having three fingers, or being two-dimensional—all part of the hand drawn package.  It had been that way for as long as he could remember, and even with the stark contrasts in color and the sharp black outlines that defined his world, there was a certain intractable blandness to it.  From his blanket toting friend to his sister’s pianist paramour they all led strikingly dull lives, dominated by little league ballgames and school plays and trips to the principal’s office.  Their universe, at once exceedingly monotonous and oppressively safe, was always and forever the same.
And then it wasn’t.
In the time it took to get a nip in the butt from an anthropomorphic beagle, their world went from muted yellows, browns, and blues, to a landscape dominated by a single startling color: red.

Christmas time is here
Happiness and cheer…

 It started when he nabbed a string of lights off his dog’s elaborately decorated house.  As the boy struggled to wrap the pilfered bulbs around a pathetic four foot balsam he’d designated his Christmas tree, the dog trundled out of his home and bit him in the behind.  The round-headed boy reached back to inspect the damage.  In his short life he’d suffered an occasional bump on the head or skinned elbow, but puncture wounds from an infected hound—this was new territory.  Through the tear in his pants he felt a warm rush of fluid, and before he could comment on his misfortune with a poignant ‘drats’, his body seized and his mind faded to a feral, hungry  black.
The dog turned and stalked back to his house and the boy, arms held in front of him like a sleepwalker, followed.  Sensing danger, the dog slipped through the door and cowered in the back of his one room shelter.  The house was cold, had an unpleasant odor, and a fly blown blanket on a dirt floor, which was why the dog spent more time on top of the house than in it.  The boy knelt next to the door and thrust his hands through, swiping and grasping, his fingers inches from the terrified pup.  The boy groaned and the dog crushed itself against the back wall, and after a few futile seconds, the boy abandoned his efforts and went off in search of other prey.

Fun for all that children call
Their favorite time of year…

 “Don’t worry, he’ll be here.”  It was his friend, the thumbsucker, who said it.  They were in the school auditorium rehearsing for a play, and he was trying to quell a developing mutiny among his animated peers.
“He’s supposed to bring the tree,” said the thumbsucker’s dark-haired sister, never a fan of the round-headed boy, least of all at this moment.  “How are we supposed to have a Christmas pageant without a Christmas tree?”
The thumbsucker didn’t answer the question, assuming it was one of those rhetorical ones his sister was always asking.  Instead he walked center stage.  “The true meaning of Christmas,” he said, as the houselights dimmed and a spotlight shined down on him, “Behold the manger…”
“Knock it off,” shouted his sister.  There was a snap and the houselights came back up.  “Nobody wants to hear that again.”
“I want to hear it,” said a little blond girl with an oversize bow in her hair.  She stared moon eyed at the thumbsucker as little hearts formed around her head and floated away.  “I want to hear it again and again.”
On stage left, an ersatz beatnik hunched over his piano and began to play.  Instead of the usual pseudo-jazz fare that got them hopping like mice in a frying pan, he chose a somber, classical arrangement.  He was pounding the keys in a heavy chord progression when the boy appeared.
The dark haired girl spotted him first.  “Where’s the tree?” she demanded.
“Ahh,” said the boy, eyes wide as he stumbled toward the stage.
The thumbsucker stepped back.  “Something’s wrong,” he said, taking his blanket off his shoulder and holding in front of himself like a bullfighter.
“Ahh,” said the boy.  He was on the stage and approaching the pianist who was lost in a musical riff.  There was a horrible clanking of keys and then a scream.
“Zombie!” cried the little blond girl.
The round headed boy, jaw locked on the piano player’s neck, drove the victim off his stool and on top of the miniature Steinway.  Blood jetted across the white lid, and gore leaked down over the keys.  The round headed boy tore and bit with more ferocity than seemed possible, his face now buried in the dead boy’s belly.
“Hey!”  The dark haired girl put her fingers in her mouth and whistled.  “Over here.”
The boy stopped his maniacal feasting and looked up, his face a mask of blood and gristle.  The girl was holding something up for him to see, something he could no longer name, something that called out to a deeper part of him, deeper even than his blind desire to feed.  The boy stood spellbound as she approached, holding the thing out in front of her as she walked.
“That’s right,” she said, voice calm as she knelt next to the piano.  The other kids on the stage gathered around, watching as the girl set the thing she’d been holding on the ground.  It was a football.  She held it in place, the tip of her finger on one end, and turned the laces to face the boy.
“Ugh,” said the boy, eyes locked on the ball.
“Go ahead,” said the girl.
The boy took an awkward step forward and swung his foot at the ball.  His kick missed, his legs shot out from under him, and he landed on his back, head just beneath one end of the piano.
“Hi-YA!” said the girl, kicking a leg out from under the Steinway and sending it crashing down on the boy’s skull.

Snowflakes in the air
Carols everywhere…

The thumbsucker loomed over his dead undead friend, thumb firmly in his mouth, blanket over his shoulder.  “What do you suppose happened?”
The dark haired girl rolled the boy over and discovered the tear in his pants.  She ripped at the cloth, enlarging the hole for a closer look.  “There,” she said, self-satisfied smile on her face.
The kids gasped as one.  Puncture wounds.
“I can’t believe it,” said the thumbsucker.  All around him, the children voiced similar opinions.
“Oh come on,” said the girl, standing and wiping her hands on her skirt.  “It’s what I’ve always told you about that dog: germs, germs, germs.”
“So, uh,” in the back of the group a boy raised his hand, sending up a cloud of dirt as he did so.  The rest of the kids shrank from the encroaching black fog.  “What do we do now?”
The dark haired girl waved a hand to clear away the noxious vapor and walked to the center of the stage.  “I’ll tell you what we do,” she said.  The house lights went down and the spotlight came on, lighting her in a way that was a little disturbing.  “Something we should have done a long time ago.”  She stared back at her friends, face a frightening contrast of light and shadow.  “We go kill that disease ridden beagle.”

Olden times and ancient rhymes
Of love and dreams to share…

It was a short walk to the doghouse.  When they closed to within a hundred feet the dark haired girl held up a hand to silence her vigilante mob.  The house, minus one string of lights, flashed and glowed with all the brilliance of secular, commercialized Christmas.  Flock standing quietly behind her, the dark haired girl approached the beagle’s lair in a commando style crouch.  She dropped to her knees just outside the door and took a peek inside where the unsuspecting dog lay sleeping.   She motioned for her peers to take positions on the perimeter, and the group formed a circle around the house, standing as if ready to sing a carol.  
With little ceremony, the dark haired girl tipped over the partially decorated tree that stood next to the house and rolled it against the wall.  Face lit by multi-colored flashes, she reached into her pocket and produced a single, white tipped match.
The little blond girl made to protest, but the thumbsucker put a hand over her mouth and pulled her to him.  “Go ahead,” he whispered.
With a nod, the dark haired girl struck the match and held it under the tree.  The tinder dry needles caught, and in an instant the tree and the house were enveloped in flame.

Sleigh bells in the air
Beauty everywhere
Yuletide by the fireside
And joyful memories there

Flames.  The dog made no attempt to flee, and instead sat in the center of the inferno, his legs akimbo, elbows on his knees, the posture of a proselytizing swami.  Though he would certainly die, the disease he carried in his blood had rendered him impervious to pain.  The heat had already singed off his fur, and his ears had melted away.  What was left was a grotesque, almost human mask, bald and shining under the light of the sputtering fire.  He looked up and left, like watching a slow moving fly.  “The horror,” he said in a throaty whisper.  
Through his ruined ears he could hear the soft, angelic notes of a Christmas carol being sung outside.  His erratic head movement continued, even as the temperature rose and ash began to rain down from the charred roof.  “The horror,” he said again.
And all around, the fire raged.


___________________________________
It’s a Wonderful Undead Life


The man was sitting on a milking stool, cold, wet, and wrapped in a blanket to warm himself as an impotent fire popped and crackled in the shack’s ancient stove.  He was rubbing his face, dark with stubble, and his movements were ticky, like a psych patient off his meds.  “Oh, I suppose you’re right,” he said, speaking to a little man by the door.  “I suppose it’d been better if I’d never been born.”
“Oh no,” said the little man, stepping forward, “no you mustn’t say things like that.  If you’d never been born…”
“Yeah, yeah,” said the man, waving him away, “if I’d never been born a lot of people would be better off; my brother, my wife, my kids, …”  He trailed off as he realized the stupidity of the statement.   “You’re right,” he said, “I suppose that’s not a very practical solution.”
This seemed to relax the little man who took a seat next to the stove.
“But what can I do?  I’m out of my depth here.  I mean this kind of thing…”  He shook his head.  “My father would know how to handle it.  He was the brains of the operation, but it’s not like I can bring him back from the dead.”
The little man began to laugh and then caught himself.  “Wait a minute,” he said, hand on his chin as he gazed skyward.  “Yes, that would do it.”  He slapped his hands on his knees and turned.  “So, you really think your father would be able to get you out of this mess you’re in?”
“Sure, it was his business to start with.  I just took it over so my brother could go to college.”
The little man smiled, a cherubic grin with a touch of mischief.  Outside the wind howled, buffeting the shack with subzero bursts of snow and ice.   “You’ve got your wish,” said the little man.
Shoulders hunched under the blanket, the man gazed back, confused.  “What wish?”



The scratching was impossible to hear, not so much because of its muffled nature—nail and knuckle raking porous rotting pine—but because it was taking place under six feet of sandy soil, soil that lay under two feet of wet snow, snow that was piled from fencepost to gravestone in a cemetery two miles out of town.  Still it continued, slow and relentless, fingers boring into the lid, breaking through, wood falling away in strips, earth raining down.  Soon what for years had been an empty space was flooded with dirt—on him, around him, under him.  And then, legs kicking, arms working, shoulders rolling, he began swimming his way to the surface.



They were after the uncle about the money.  All afternoon they’d been at him, asking him what he remembered, where he’d been.  By day’s end the office was in a panic; his nephew nattering in his ear, the bank examiner showing up unannounced, the damn crow flitting about, its incessant cawing only marginally less annoying than the nephew’s carping about the eight thousand dollars that was missing.   Why couldn’t they just leave him be, leave him to his office, his lunch (still untouched in his pail) his newspaper, his bourbon...  
God, yes, his bourbon, a fifth of Old Granddad in his top right desk drawer.  
He stared at the drawer while his nephew continued the interrogation.  It was hopeless.  If they wanted to know what he remembered, they were asking the wrong questions.  This afternoon?  A blur.  Twenty years ago?  Clear as crystal.  He closed his eyes, trying to block out the torrent of questions.  Did you do this, did you go here, did you leave it there.  Eight thousand dollars, eight thousand dollars, eight thousand dollars…  
The bourbon—that was the key.  If he could just get to the fifth in his desk drawer he’d maybe start to remember, or at the very least he’d stop caring about what he’d forgotten.



I should have taken the job, thought the man in the blanket.  Days before, the town’s resident miser had offered him a position at a ridiculous salary and he’d turned it down cold.  On principle.  Hah, principle, where had that gotten him?  Big family, small town, stuck in a job that was more a tribute to his father than a going business concern, and a drunkard uncle with an outdated education who’d just today lost eight thousand dollars while walking two hundred yards between the S&L and the bank!  The man put his face in his hands and groaned.
“We’d better get going,” said his new friend.
The man looked up, eyes dark with exhaustion.  He’d fished the little man out of the river two hours earlier, and when he got him into the bridge keeper’s shack to warm up the little man started calling himself an angel.  Normally that would have been cause for concern, but after the day he’d had—missing money, sick kids, punch in the mouth, wrecked car—it hardly raised an eyebrow.  “That thing you said before, what was that?  You said I got my wish?”
The angel smiled and bobbed his bushy white eyebrows.
The man persisted.  “What wish?”
Before the angel could answer there was a pounding at the door.



Finally they left the uncle alone, one by one drifting out the door, making plans on the fly, what to do next, who to call, the whole scheming lot of them followed out by the bank examiner, a little man with porthole glasses who slammed the door behind himself.  The old man watched as they filtered down the sidewalk and out of sight in the building snowstorm.  With a deep breath, he drew the shade and locked the door, the room’s only light now a 40 watt lamp burning at his desk.  The crow cawed once and flew to its perch.  The uncle walked to his desk and dropped into his chair, reaching for the top right drawer before he’d completely settled.  There it was.
He nearly wept with relief.  The bottle glinted in the light, winking a golden eye back up at him, the most inviting, warm glow he could imagine.  In a single, fluid motion he snatched the bourbon, popped the cork, and threw his head back, savoring the smoked oak ambrosia as it trickled down his throat.  He slammed the bottle on the desk, hard enough to startle the crow which fluttered its wings and then was still.  A few swallows later, mind anesthetized by the merciful flow of alcohol, the old man knew how to save his nephew.



The pounding continued, the force rattling the siding on the bridge keeper’s shack.  At first the man assumed it was the keeper himself, back to his post after running out two hours earlier, but the pounding, so rhythmic and slow, didn’t sound like someone asking to come inside.  The man threw off the blanket and stood.  “Who’s that?” he pointed to the door.
The angel smiled, he always smiled.  “I already told you, you got your wish.”  He took a step toward the door and turned the nob.  There was a final thud and then the door swung open.
The man had been to half a dozen wakes in his life, and in his experience the person in the casket seldom bore much resemblance to the person they’d been before they died.  The whole notion that the deceased looked at peace was a comforting delusion, a fantasy, and the longer a person was dead the harder that fantasy was to maintain.  Decay wasn’t the worst of it, as he discovered.  Picture your beloved departed as one hundred pounds of desiccated human—exposed bones, muscles like beef jerky, gray sloughing skin.  Now set the whole, rotting carcass in motion, feet sliding across the floor, head rolling on a ropey neck, grunts and groans escaping as puffs of rank fetid air.  
It was no wonder it took a few seconds for the man to recognize his father.



 “Take up a collection.”  The uncle’s eyes were half closed, shot through with red.  His nose was red too, not so much from the cold walk to her house, but the drink that fueled the trip.
“I don’t understand,” she said.  It was Christmas Eve and her husband’s uncle had caught her in the middle of decorating the tree.  The husband had lit out hours ago, following a tantrum about his kids and their teacher.  “Why a collection?  Surely the money will turn up.”
The uncle went on to explain how they’d tried to ‘turn up’ the money all day.  It was no use, he claimed.  Then he went on about his plan to collect eight thousand dollars from the folks in town.  The woman shook her head.  Imagine, trying to collect a sum of money that amounted to over four times a typical yearly salary, on Christmas Eve no less.  If folks had that much cash lying about, why did they even need the Savings and Loan in the first place?  And then a darker thought: maybe they didn’t—her husband was a bit of a pushover, truth be told.
“We’ve got to go,” the uncle said.  He moved toward the door, waiting for her to follow.  When she didn’t, he restated his plan, this time throwing in the possibility of jail for her husband if they did nothing.  That got her moving.  She grabbed her scarf and coat, put her oldest in charge, and followed the drunken uncle into the night.



 “What kind of man are you!”   He backed to the far corner of the shack, holding the stool in front of himself like a lion tamer.  “You some kind of demon or witch…”
“I told you,” said the little man, “I’m your guardian angel.”
The corpse had stopped at the open door, lifting and dropping its arms, shuffling its feet, but seeming uncertain what to do next.
“Angel?”  The man dropped the stool.  “Well Mister, angel may be the farthest thing from what you are.  A man who can make a dead man walk…”
“Your father,” said the angel.
“Pardon?”
“The dead man,” the angel nodded to the corpse, “is your father.”
“Father?  What are you talking about.  This…”  The man’s voice trailed off and his mouth hung open.  He stared at the thing in the doorway, its pitted eyes, its lipless grin.  Tentatively, the man took a step forward.  “Dad?” he said weakly.
At the sound of the man’s voice, the corpse lowered its arms and stood still.  The man, feeling his legs go weak, stepped back and dropped onto the stool.  “I don’t understand.”
“Well,” said the angel, “you seemed convinced you needed your father to solve your problem: here he is.”
The man shook his head.  “This is not exactly what I had in mind.”
The angel smiled, eyes twinkling.  “Things seldom are.”



By the time they were done canvassing the neighborhood, the till was full (seventy eight hundred and change), the snow had stopped, and the uncle, regrettably, had sobered up.  He’d also frozen up, and so was quite happy to be once again in a warm abode, even one with four children, one of whom was pounding on the piano, a graceless rendition of Hark the Herald Angels Sing, starting, stopping, and starting again.  God his head hurt.  In the meantime, neighbors streamed through the door, dropping ever more money into the basket.  He thought back to the run on the bank, when these poor clodhoppers couldn’t put two nickels together, and now they were positively hemorrhaging cash.   It was ironic.  If he were sober he’d never have gone through with the plan, but now on the ebb side of drunk, he was reaping the benefits.



The walk across town was a slow plodding trek, the angel in the lead, the man close behind, the corpse bringing up the rear.  Years in the ground had taken the flex out of its knees, and it was forced to drag its feet along, plowing through the new fallen snow.  As they approached the house, they could see light through an open door and could hear the strains of a Christmas carol being sung by—so it sounded—a considerable number of people.
“Those kids,” said the man, shaking his head as he stared at the open door, “now wonder we can’t keep the heat in that place.”
As they stepped through the gate and up the walk, the corpse picked up the pace, excited by the bustle of humanity in the home.  “Look at him go,” said the angel.
The son rushed ahead of his undead father in an effort to prepare his family for the unexpected visitor.  He burst through the door and was met with the cheers of what appeared to be half the neighborhood.  He skidded to a halt in the foyer, looked behind at his approaching father, and then around at the grinning singing multitude in his living room.  “This,” he said, “is not going to go well.”
He didn’t actually see his dad step across the threshold, but he could hear it, the piano stopping on a discordant clank, the carol singers going quite, a moment of silence, and then…
“Zombie!”
The screaming was contagious, as was the mad dash away from the angel and the undead dad.  “Please everyone,” said the son, holding up his hands, “please, let’s not panic.”  His pleas went unheeded, and for the most part unheard, drowned out by the shouts and screams of his terrified neighbors.  
In the center of the maelstrom stood the town’s sheriff with the bank examiner cowering behind.  The corpse hovered just inside the doorway, arms raised but unmoving, head swiveling back and forth as it scanned the room with sunken eyes.  When it saw the sheriff, the corpse charged forward with surprising speed.  The sheriff reached for his gun and the corpse bulled past him, crashing full force into the unsuspecting bank examiner.  Within seconds the two were on the ground, corpse with its jaw locked on the examiner’s throat as the little man wailed.  The corpse jerked its head right, tearing away a wedge of flesh and cartilage.  Blood jetted from ruined neck, knocking the glasses off the examiner’s head, and before the little man’s heart could pump its last, the corpse dropped down and buried its face in the examiner’s belly.
The sheriff, gun drawn, crept up behind the undead ex-banker and fired a round through its skull.  The reanimated corpse went immediately still, then slid slowly off the examiner and onto the blood spattered floor.  Friends and neighbors looked on in stunned silence, and in the corner of the room, on the meticulously trimmed tree, a tiny bell on the highest bow began to jingle softly. 
The angel smiled.
___________________________________
How a Zombie and his Undead Dog Stole Christmas


 “Stunning,” the reporter said, as he struggled to describe the town he’d recently visited.  He sat in front of a Senate panel, feeling alone and exposed in a chamber full of gossip hungry spectators.  Behind the spectators a camera crew, complete with boom mike, recorded every sight and sound of what had become a national event.  Months earlier, right before Christmas, word leaked out of an ongoing massacre in a remote alpine location, citizens being systematically slaughtered at the hands of a maniac who lived on a hill overlooking the village.  Word also leaked out that the maniac was a charter member of the undead, a zombie authentiqué, though no one actually used the Z word.
The panel of  four senators looked to one another and the panel chair leaned toward his microphone.  “Stunning,” he repeated.  “Care to elaborate?”
The reporter cleared his throat.  “I’ll give it my best shot.”	

When his editor sent him off on the story, the reporter thought he’d struck boondoggle gold—remote alpine village, accessible by helicopter, and on his Christmas break no less.  The story was a dead end, but the timing, the location.  He’d heard the word ‘junket’ before, one of those sweetly nostalgic, pseudo-political terms that called to mind exorbitant waste in exotic locales. He’d always wanted to go on a junket.  With a hearty ‘yes sir’, he headed home, loaded his suitcase with sunblock, tinted goggles, and a Gore-Tex ensemble of hats, vests, and gloves.  Then he packed up his skis and off to the airport he went.
Looking back, the chopper crew should have been surprised by his choice of luggage, but if they were, no one said anything.  Instead, they loaded him onto the helicopter and took to the skies.  The flight lasted three hours, the first third of which was dedicated to climbing, a gradual ascent to the 13,000 foot mountain on which the town was perched.  When they drew to within sight of the village, all conversation in the helicopter ceased.  The strange silence continued as the reporter stepped from the aircraft and collected his luggage, the attendants communicating only with nods and grunts.
As the reporter surveyed the landscape he thought he’d been the victim of a practical joke.  There seemed to  be no airport at all, just a helipad and wide open space with a town in the distance nestled up to the mountain’s peak.  The homes all looked like cottages, with smoke rising from each and every chimney.  He turned to the crew for an explanation, but they were already boarding the helicopter and readying for takeoff.  The reporter opened his mouth to get someone’s attention just as he spotted a car heading his way.  It was a taxi, bright yellow, boxy, and it was small, very, very small.  A clown car, the reporter thought, as he watched the miniature vehicle putting down the road.  When it ground to a stop, the reporter expected to see a midget with a red ball nose, maybe some oversized shoes, hop out.  What did emerge, however, was far more bizarre.

“The people you encountered while you were there, the townspeople…”  The Senator glanced at an affidavit the reporter had signed after an Air Force debriefing.   “I believe you refer to them, multiple times actually, as ‘creatures’.”  The Senator set the paper aside and smiled.  “Do you really expect this panel to believe your description?”
The reporter shook his head.  “I don’t expect anything.  I simply told you what I saw.”
“Sir,” said the Senator from New Hampshire, the lone woman on the panel, “are you on any medications we should be aware of?”  There was a burst of laughter from the spectators.  “A serious question,” said the Senator, quieting the chamber, “and I’ll repeat it more plainly: are you on drugs?”
The reporter smiled and folded his hands on the table.  “That depends,” he said, “do you mean before I went to the town or after I came back?”

The man, if it was a man, was blue, four feet tall with a pointy head and anime eyes.  Though the creature was far from threatening, the reporter still felt a surge of panic as his helicopter lifted off behind him.  The blue man didn’t acknowledge the reporter.  Instead he reached into the back seat and retrieved a sheet of poster board on which he’d written the reporter’s name.  He turned to face the helipad, holding the card in front of himself.
The reporter looked around.  “That’s, uh, me.”  He gestured to his luggage and then to the car, hoping to communicate the futility of loading the little car with his suitcases and skis.  Without a word, the blue man tossed the sign aside, dragged the luggage to the rear of the taxi, and opened the trunk.  Then he picked up the largest suitcase, heaved it onto the lip of the trunk, and gave it a mighty shove.  There was a loud pop and the suitcase disappeared into the vehicle.  He repeated the procedure with the other bags, and finally the skis, which somehow disappeared into a car that was only half as long as the skis themselves.
“Nice trick,” said the reporter, shaking his head.  The altitude, he thought, it must be the altitude.  The blue man opened the back door and motioned for the reporter to get in, but after seeing what happened to his bags, the reporter hesitated.
“All set, sir,” said the blue man, motioning to the taxi once again.  For such a small creature his voice was deep, and he spoke with an almost theatric relish.  The reporter, a little relieved that the creature could talk, obliged.  The car was surprisingly roomy for something that looked like a toy, and the reporter slid to the passenger side and buckled in.  The blue man adjusted the mirror and glanced to the backseat, his oversize eyes filling the glass.  “Here for the murders?” he asked, mentioning the killings as if they were a tourist attraction.
The reporter paused, taken aback by the directness of the question.  “Yeah,” he said, “I’m a reporter.”
The blue man nodded, threw the car into gear, and started toward the town.  “Eleven so far,” he said.
The reporter looked back to see little puffs of smoke trailing the vehicle but heard no engine.  “Pardon?”
“The murders,” said the blue man, “a couple on Christmas eve, five Christmas day, and four the day after—eleven.”
“Right,” said the reporter, staring out the window as nothing passed by.  He had a hundred a questions, but right now none of them had anything to do with an undead serial killer.
“Not from around here?”
The reporter looked to the driver.  “You’re kidding?”
“What I mean is, you never been here before, right?”
“No,” said the reporter.  He took a deep breath to settle himself.  He was there to do a job, an investigative journalist, not an anthropologist.  “Do the police have any suspects?”
“One,” said the blue man, “but I wouldn’t call him a suspect.”  He pointed to the mountain peak hovering over the town.  “He lives up there.”
“So,” said the reporter, “then why haven’t they arrested the guy?”
“Well, the town doesn’t exactly have a prison, and the police don’t really carry guns, and besides, he’s pretty much in jail up there anyway, practically speaking.” 
The reporter hunched down to get a look out the window.  The mountain rose into the sky like a crooked finger, its craggy tip pointed toward the town.  It would seem impossible anyone could live up there, let alone make runs into town to eviscerate the populous.  “I don’t understand.  How does he get down here?”
“He comes at night,” said the blue man, as if that answered everything.
“And so the cops, aren’t they waiting for him?”
“The police aren’t there when he comes.  They’re in their beds a-snoozing.”

“I understand from your previous testimony, you called the town a dead-zone.  Could you tell the panel what you meant by that?”
Dead-zone.  The reporter remembered the characterization.  At the time he’d meant simply there was no phone service, no internet, no satellite signal of any kind in the town.  It was only after he’d been there for 24 hours that the term became ironic.  He held up his Blackberry.  “No cell phone, no anything.”
“So you’re reference was technical, so to speak.”
“Correct,” said the reporter.
The Senator held up the affidavit.  “It says here you spoke with the mayor and other town officials, and they were not only aware of the nature of the killings, but of who the killer was?”
“What the killer was,” said the reporter.  “Yes, they were aware.”
“And did they do anything about it?”
The reporter smiled in a way that indicated nothing was funny, then shook his head.  “That depends on what your definition of ‘anything’ is.”

The more time the reporter spent in the village, the more time he spent with the creatures, the less threatened he felt.  He would never, however, feel entirely comfortable.  In addition to looking decidedly un-human, the townsfolk—excepting size—looked exactly alike.  He relied on voices and their clothing to tell them apart.  The mayor, wearing a crooked stovepipe hat, gave him a tour of city hall and waxed eloquent on the exciting doings in town; a First Night ceremony, a spring garden show, a new stoplight in the town center.  He talked about anything, in fact, except what the reporter had come to hear.   The reporter smiled politely, then tried to get him back on track.  “The murders,” he said, “what about the murders?”
The question stunned the mayor, who stared back at him, still as a single frame of an animated film.  After a few seconds he recovered.  “Eleven,” he said with a smile.  He went on to explain, with an inappropriate brightness, that the killer eviscerated his victims, cracked their skulls like walnuts, and sucked out the brains.  About this last fact, the mayor seemed duly impressed.
“So why not stop him?” asked the reporter.  He pointed out the window.  “He’s right up there.  You must have some plans, a raid, a SWAT team.  I mean, you know where he lives.”
“He comes at night…”
“Yes, yes, so get ready for him—set a trap.  Don’t you have any weapons; guns, knives, …”
The mayor snapped fingers.  “The roast beast,” he said.  When he saw the look of confusion on the reporter’s face, the mayor continued.  “We use a ceremonial knife to carve the roast beast.  Would that work?”  The mayor began rubbing his chin as he considered the question.  “Of course, the knife is for the roast beast, and our killer is not a roast beast.  Not sure how this knife solves the problem.”
Before the reporter could explain strategies for stabbing or decapitation, the mayor hopped out of his chair and grabbed his coat.  “Well, have to be going,” he said, voice manic as he opened the door to his office.  “Big day tomorrow.”  He slipped out the door an onto the street, joining dozens of other colorful citizens as they made their way home.

The New Hampshire Senator held up a notebook recovered from the town.  “You told the panel you got this from the mayor’s office just before the extraction?”
The reporter took a second to process the question, mentally tripping on her use of the term ‘extraction’—military jargon, but accurate nonetheless.  “Yes,” he said, “it appears to be something the mayor was working on before, well…”
The Senator nodded and opened the notebook.  She flipped through the pages and stopped.  Looking down through a pair of glasses balanced on her nose she read aloud:

“What a grisly delight thought the man on the hill
His heart thumpy-thumping at the thought of the kill
Their bellies so warm, their brains oh so pink,
Into the flesh of the living, his teeth they would sink.”

The Senator set her glasses aside.  “What did you take this to mean?”
“It seemed to me the mayor, or someone in his office, was writing about the killings. I think maybe that was the reason they responded like they did.”  
Maybe nothing.  The reporter was sure of it.  It was clear to him that the mayor, hoping to get the little town on the 21st century map, was looking for a book deal, and if you want to be noticed in an era of terrorism, rampant war, and serial murder you needed to have big numbers: eleven murders was good.  More was better.
“Or failed to respond,” said the oldest member of the panel.
The reporter nodded.  “Or failed to, yes.”

The reporter got back to his hotel and looked out the window just in time to see the sun vanish over the horizon.  While it may have been an optical illusion or just the altitude, it disappeared with surreal quickness, the day going to night in what seemed an instant.  Hours earlier the townsfolk had streamed home with almost military precision and now, as he watched from his second floor window, the lights in the surrounding cottages winked out one by one and within seconds the streets were dark.
“In their beds a-snoozing,” said the reporter, remembering the cabbie’s odd remark.  He made his way downstairs and out onto the sidewalk where, hands in his pockets and shivering, he looked up the street to the mountain that loomed over town.  The reporter’s eyes travelled up the spine of the hill and settled at the top where a full moon cast the snowcapped peak in eerie silvers and blacks.  As he stared up at the reputed home of the zombie killer, he noticed something moving, little more than a spec on a blanket of white slipping down the mountain.  As he watched, the spec grew larger and its velocity increased and soon the vehicle was rocketing down the hillside at an impossible speed.  It eventually disappeared among the low evergreens, but before it did the reporter was able to identify the vehicle.  It was a sleigh, an enormous sleigh with great hewn timbers for skids.
Before he could dwell on the improbable nature of the vehicle, the sleigh reappeared, careening down the street at the edge of town and skidding to a stop among the houses.  A man—or so the reporter assumed—dressed all in red, leapt off the sleigh and ran to the front of the vehicle where he unleashed a dog, the animal so small the reporter hadn’t noticed it at first.  The peculiar duo ran into the nearest cottage and for a moment all was still.

The panel chair held out a hand and the New Hampshire Senator passed the notebook to him.  After a few seconds of flipping pages he stopped and addressed the reporter.  “I’d like to read to you another passage from the notebook you recovered.”  He cleared his throat.  “I believe it raises a significant point.”  The Senator squinted as he peered at the notebook, then began to read:

“And scraps to the dog, a zombie dog too,
a mangy brown mutt with teeth that could chew
through flesh and through bone and through gristly sinew
a mélange of torn muscle, a cartilage stew.”

The Senator set the notebook aside and waited for the chamber to settle.  “Are you familiar with this passage?”
“Yes,” said the reporter, “I’ve read the entire manuscript many times.”
“And can we infer from this that our killer had a dog, and that like the killer, it too was infected?”
“From the notebook, from what I witnessed…  Yes, I can say unequivocally, the dog was infected.”
“So would you then agree with the CDC’s position that the disease had spread beyond human boundaries and further, that the action of the military in this case, was justified?”
The reporter considered the two part question.  Part one was easy; the dog was infected, no question.  Part two, that was a bit more troublesome.  “I’m not sure justified is the word I would choose.”

The scream was loud, high-pitched, and of the ear-splitting variety.  The reporter took a step toward the home just as a small body crashed through an upstairs window and landed with a thud on the lawn.  It appeared to be missing an arm.  Seconds later the man in the red suit tumbled out of the window, his body tangled with another creature who screamed as they fell.  The scream stopping abruptly as the pair crashed to the ground next to the unmoving child.  The man in red got to his knees, latched onto his victim’s throat, and began whipping his head back and forth like a terrier with a toy.  As the zombie’s exertions painted the snow with blood and gore, his dog leapt from the upstairs window and landed on the first victim where it went immediately to work, burying its maw in the young one’s fleshy belly.
“Help,” cried the reporter, his voice so weak the plea sounded like a question.  As he was considering the advisability of intervening, the home’s door flew open and a man with a rifle appeared on the front stoop.  He yelled something at the zombie and charged forward, gun pointed like a spear toward the zombie and his dog.  The zombie stopped his lusty feasting and stood to face his attacker.  The man with the gun skidded to a halt, pointed the gun at the zombie’s head, and pulled the trigger.  There was a loud pop.  A cork, tied to the gun barrel with a string, bounced off the zombie’s skull. 
The zombie batted the impotent weapon aside and wrapped his hands around the man’s throat.  The man’s arms pin wheeled as he fell back, and the zombie bit him full in the face as they dropped to the ground.  The dog, losing interest in his juvenile victim, trotted over,  grabbed hold of the man’s arm, and with a single snap of its head, pulled the limb free of the body, spraying the snow with a shower of red.
“Help!” screamed the reporter.  He looked around in disbelief as the wholly predictable slaughter went on unnoticed.  “HELP!” he screamed again, waving his arms and directing his shouts at the darkened cottages, determined to roust one of the a-snoozing citizens from their beds.  He ran to the door of the nearest home and started pounding, screaming for help, the police, anyone.  In response he got nothing, no sirens, no vigilante citizens, not so much as a light came on in the sleepy village.
“Where is everybody!” he shouted at last.  His back to the door, he slid down and came to rest on the stoop crying with frustration.  One house away, the dog stopped gnawing on the severed arm and looked up, his furry muzzle as red as his owner’s suit.  The dog sniffed the air and began walking tentatively in the direction of the reporter.  He stopped at the edge of the yard, wagged his tail, and barked.
“No,” said the reporter in a stage whisper.  He tried to shoo away the miniature beast, waving an arm at the clueless dog.  The dog stopped wagging its tail and barked again, louder.  A hundred feet away the zombie stopped feeding and raised his head.  He held still for a moment, then slowly turned and spotted the reporter on the porch.  The reporter held his breath as the zombie, seeming in no particular hurry, got to his feet and began crossing the yard.  The reporter could hear the crunch of snow under the undead creature’s boots and then he heard something else too, a low guttural hum.  As the zombie continued his slow motion charge the hum grew louder.  The reporter looked to the horizon and spotted a light in the sky.  It was a helicopter, but not the one that dropped him off.  This one appeared bigger, faster, threatening.  
Undeterred by the sound of the approaching chopper, the zombie trundled on, his dog now at his side, closing in on the reporter.  The sound of the helicopter grew to an almost deafening level, its profile now clearly visible against the night sky.  The reporter was no military expert, but even he could see it was an attack helicopter, and it swung in low, dropped its nose, and followed the road toward town.

“You understand,” said the panel chair, “that our role here is to determine if there is enough evidence to go forward with charges against the operation commander?”
The reporter nodded.
The Senator took off his reading glasses and sighed.  “After reading your deposition and hearing your testimony, I have to say I don’t understand.  It seems clear to me that the disease was a grave threat to the population at large.   Would you agree?”
“Absolutely,” said the reporter.  He knew where this was headed, and he knew just as certainly he wouldn’t agree with the conclusion.  They weren’t there.
“And as it was the infection was confined to an isolated region and it was likely the region was, or would soon be, completely compromised.  Now my heart goes out to these people, this village, but a decision was made at the highest levels of government to go forward with the operation.  The commander was following orders which he believed ethical and given the circumstances, reasonable.”
The reporter shook his head.  “Reasonable?”
“This thing could have wiped out the human race,” said the Senator.  “They had to be sure.”

The reporter hopped off the stoop and away from his would-be attacker.  He made it around the corner of the house just as the gunfire started, the street exploding as 50 caliber rounds carved a path toward the town.  The chopper roared past, and the zombie and his dog disappeared into a cloud of smoke and icy debris.  As the sound of the engine faded, the reporter chanced a look back and saw what remained of the undead duo, cut to pieces by the chopper’s guns.
Over his shoulder the reporter could hear the sound of the helicopter grow louder as it turned for another run.  The gunfire erupted again, but this time the fire was directed at the town itself.  Buildings exploded, flames shot skyward, and citizens raced screaming into the street.  The reporter watched in horror, as the guns swept back and forth across the town, cutting down its inhabitants in their tracks.  He ran away from the main street, even as more creatures ran into the middle of the street itself waving their arms at the gunship as it thundered by, 50 calibers blazing.   
They were doomed.  Though the reporter would ultimately be ‘extracted’, the creatures themselves were doomed.  They seemed more confused than frightened, unable to comprehend the idea that they were being slaughtered.  The chopper made another run, then another, incinerating the little village and cutting apart its citizens.  As the reporter watched he composed a verse, couplets never put to paper, and something he’d forget once the horror of the moment passed.

“And through the night air the chopper it raced
Cutting people to ribbons, to powder, to paste
And on the ground meekly, mere lambs to its fury
The villagers they vanished, in a blink, in a hurry.”
___________________________________
X-Mas Story


Everything that was supposed to be in a town square was there; storefronts with brick facades and plate glass windows, lampposts strung with multi-colored lights, a 40 foot Christmas tree, cars by the hundreds—Packards, Fords, the occasional Edsel.  Banners were strung across the road announcing the yearly bacchanalia that was a Midwest Christmas.  The entire scene reeked of 1950’s Americana, but a closer examination revealed a more sinister tableau.  The cars were not parked so much as abandoned.  The store windows were smashed and glass littered the sidewalks in great glittering piles.  At night the storefronts and streetlamps and Christmas lights remained dark.  And then there were the bodies…

Nobody listens to a kid—no adults anyway.  Mostly we live on a plane they fail to recognize, whirling dervishes of incipient irritation existing just below their collective line of sight, only noticed if we raise a hand, or tug on a skirt, or break a lamp.  Normally this lack of awareness serves both worlds well, leaving kids to their tree houses, snowball fights, and stickball games, while adults are free to pay the bills, prepare the dinners, and gripe about the politicians (most of whom make careers of—primarily—aggravating my old man).  But three weeks ago, in Hammond Indiana—epicenter for The Event, as it came to be known—this communicational dysfunction may have been what allowed the plague to gain hold.  When something like The Event happens, kids, with their keen observational skills and readiness to accept things rational adults cannot, are the first line of defense, the canaries in the coal mine.  When no one’s listening to the canaries, however...

Cleveland Street was deserted, as was every street.  Most hours, the only signs of life were also harbingers of death; hounds roaming the neighborhoods and turkey vultures circling in the sky.  With barely a breath of wind to disturb the trees that lined the streets, it seemed The Event had changed even the weather.  It was at night, though, when things got active.  They had learned to stay out of sight during daylight hours, their slow awkward gate making them easy pickings for snipers nested in the upper floors of the homes up and down the street.  Though the snipers had eventually fled, the instinct to avoid the light remained with the creatures.
When they came, usually in groups of ten or more, there was no mistaking the sound; the scrape and shuffle of feet, guttural grunts and groans, a haphazard parade of corpses eerily quiet except for when they fed, or were about to feed.  Of course the victims made noise too…

The first sightings were widely reported and widely ignored, kids running home from school to tell their parents they’d spotted corpses fresh from the grave staggering around local cemeteries.  Most adults assumed it was just wandering drunks, or older kids playing pranks, or that the stories were part of some larger strategy to maneuver parents into buying kids BB guns for Christmas.  Then the aimless wandering gave way to blind, inexorable hunger, and then the feeding started.
When my old man first heard the rumors, he was quick to hop on the believers’ bandwagon.  Though it was never clearly articulated, he harbored a vague suspicion that the wandering ghouls were the result of a conspiracy involving the politicians, the media, and—strangely—the owners of the Chicago White Sox.  The night the stories reached our cozy hovel on Cleveland Street, we mustered around the living room radio and he barked out orders.  My little brother was to stand post at our upstairs bedroom window, my mother was on KP, and my father was going to head to the basement to gather armaments.  
Realizing I’d somehow been left without a duty in our defense of home and hearth, my mother leaned down and gently told me to go help my father.  Now it had never been suggested I help my old man with anything before, least of all to gather guns and knives to stave off invading hoards of the undead.  Eyes wide with excitement, I followed my father to the basement.  He was halfway down the cellar stairs when he turned back and asked what I was doing.  “Mom said I should help,” I told him.

Conventional wisdom held that the undead were ravenous automatons, incapable of thought beyond the blind need to feed.  As the siege wore on, though, the undead mobs demonstrated thinking that was more than mere instinct; they were territorial, moved in packs, and once together they tended to rally around one or two of their number.  They were capable of, if not strategy, certainly self-preservation.
Cleveland Street was home to over a dozen zombies, an ad hoc collective that spent the daylight hours pacing the aisles of a local grocery.  At night they moved out in search of prey, prey that was growing ever more elusive and scarce.  The undead ranks swelled and shrank, a semi-transient membership, but throughout their evolution one thing remained constant: their leader.  Wild eyed, beard stained with the blood of his kills, tattered pants hanging over his black rubber boots, he took the point in every attack and held sway over his undead peers.  He was the Big Man. 

Ask any 12 year old boy what he wants for Christmas and you’ll get the same answer: a BB gun.  It’s reflexive, instinctive, the result of hours spent listening to the radio or reading Boy’s Life, all the while bombarded with images of range-riding cowboys toting Winchester rifles.  Dig a little deeper though, and you realize kids view a BB gun as a stepping stone.  That’s the hidden truth behind BB gun mania.  Show me a kid pointing a Daisy rifle at a tin can, and I’ll show you a kid imagining he’s firing a thirty aught six into the hide of an attacking Grizzly.
Up until that night in the basement with my father, I’d assumed the only thing keeping me from laying my hands on the old man’s twelve gage or his M1 carbine was my age, but then I discovered a more practical concern stood in my way: real guns were heavy.  As my old man fished his home defense cache out of the cedar chest and loaded the loot into my arms, I struggled under the growing weight of the weaponry.  Ultimately, the carbine fell from the top of the pile, struck the floor, and went off.
My four letter expletive was covered by the blast of the rifle and the subsequent ringing in our ears.  Still, over the diminishing echoes of the shot, I could hear my mother, in the kitchen, scream.
“Oops,” I said.

Before The Event, Christmas Eve meant families huddled together around the warm glow of a fire, wrapping presents, drinking eggnog.  It meant parents hustling their children to bed, kids pulling covers over their heads, feigning sleep while they listened for the clatter on the roof, or the sound of heavy footsteps in the living room, or the rustle of paper as a gift was placed under the tree.
The plague changed everything.
Now Christmas Eve meant utter, impenetrable silence.  It meant deserted neighborhoods, and dark houses, and on Cleveland Street it meant a 12 year old boy alone, barricaded in his living room, trusty M1 Carbine by his side, waiting.

After I shot my mother all hell broke loose.  My father took to the stairs and was into the kitchen before the gunshot had stopped echoing in the basement.  I followed, my concern for my mom somewhat mitigated by the certainty I was about to receive punishment of unprecedented proportions.  When I got to the kitchen, my mother was sitting on the floor holding her foot while my father cradled her from behind and whispered in her ear.  It was a tender moment, except for the blood.
My little brother, abandoning his post at the upstairs window, ran down to the kitchen and upon seeing my mother on the floor, began to wail.  My mother put a finger to her lips to shoosh him, and when that didn’t work my old man fixed him with a glare and shouted for him to “shad-up!”  Wisely, my little brother took it down a notch, reducing his crying jag to sniveling and whimpering fit.  My father, the general once again, ordered me to stand guard while he and my little brother took my mother to the hospital.
After a few minutes of logistical maneuvering—my little brother struggling into his snowsuit, my mother struggling to her feet—my father whisked my mother into his arms and walked out the front door like a overanxious bridegroom.  My little brother, still whimpering, followed.  It was the last I ever saw of them.

They hadn’t been this far down Cleveland Street since that first night, when they’d been turned back by the gunfire of vigilant home owners.  Tonight there was no gunfire and there was not a resident to be found.  Even the dogs were gone, the dozen or so hounds that had howled from their pens the night of the attack having been either eaten or driven away.
The Big Man stood at the head of the pack, beard gone red with gore, hat long since vanished, once snug suit hanging loose over skeletal shoulders.  As he staggered past the house with the empty dog pens he stopped and turned, nose in the air, and then strayed off the road and across the sidewalk.  His posse of undead carnivores followed.

That first night, after my parents had abandoned me to fates and the four winds, I took my old man’s carbine and stood guard at the front window.  Though the kid part of me had always believed in the danger of marauding mobs bent on death and destruction, the gradually emerging adult in me—the one holding the carbine—was having trouble coming to terms with the idea.  I was still struggling with these emerging existential issues when I saw what seemed a hundred of the undead coming down our street.  By the time they reached the first lamppost the gunfire started.  The pack dispersed, some falling to the pavement, others veering through yards and crawling over fences, and within minutes they were gone.
Tonight they were back. 
 I saw them only in the shadows at first, a dozen or so menacing figures staggering through the twilight.  As they approached the last working streetlamp on Cleveland Street, I found myself trying to identify them, who they were—or had been—fearing all the while I’d spot a friend, or a teacher, or worst of all my own mother and father following a final, dying ember of human instinct back to their front porch.  I scanned the pack, desperately searching, the figures growing more distinct as they passed under the light, and then I saw him; the unmistakable red suit, the cuffs pink with blood, crazy eyes, lips pulled back over jagged teeth.  He was the man, the connection…  Santa.

As they approached the house, they formed a single line behind their putative leader.  They filed by the empty dog pens, only weeks before filled with mangy, barking hounds.  They approached the porch, its steps covered in snow, a fine blanket of white crystal blown over the weathered mahogany showing not a foot print or shovel track to indicate anyone alive in the home.  The smell though, that was what drew them in, the blood stink of a living breathing human.  As the leader mounted the steps, the rest of his pack grew excited.  Jaws snapping, heads rolling, they began to jostle for position as they made for the door.

It had never occurred to me to wonder how many rounds the old man’s M1 carbine held.  I was accustomed to my BB gun, useless though it now was, which held a seemingly endless supply of .177 caliber pellets.  Now, with over a dozen zombies marching across the porch, the number of shots I had seemed a particularly relevant statistic.  I knew once I started firing I could not stop until I’d put a slug into every undead brain or until I’d run out of bullets, and the thought of pulling the trigger only to have my efforts rewarded with an impotent ‘click’ was, in a word, terrifying.  Still, with the leader rattling the front door and sure to make his way inside, I had little choice.  I got behind the living room couch, braced the gun on the head rest, and  pointed the carbine toward the front door.
A lot had happened in the last seven days.  I’d been abandoned by my parents, attacked by an undead mob, and basically had the very fabric of my 12 year old world ripped out from under me like a metaphysical table cloth trick, but the sight of a blood drenched Santa Claus breaking down the front door and charging into the house, that was too much for my fragile mind to handle.  I froze, finger hovering over the trigger, gun pointed at the intruders, and before I could recover enough to get off a shot, Santa vanished down the front hall.  
As the rest of the undead mob advanced, I recovered my senses enough to start pulling the trigger.  It was easy.  The pack moved slowly and didn’t seem to sense any danger as one by one I dropped them to the floor.  I counted my shots, and when I was down to the last two zombies, I chanced a look around, trying to see where their leader had gone.  My last encounter with that department store fraud was still fresh in my mind, his boot on my forehead as he admonished me about my BB gun dream and then sent me tumbling down a two story slide.  I’d be lying if I said I didn’t relish the opportunity to send a hot slug through his dismissive undead skull.
I finished off the last of the zombies, and a dozen of them now lay in a tangled pile on the foyer floor.  Breathing heavily, ears ringing from the fusillade of lead I’d unleashed, I stood and surveyed the room.  For a second I thought Santa had made good his getaway, lurching off into the darkness to fight another night.  Then I saw him.  He stepped out of the kitchen, eyes locked on me as I cowered behind the couch.  He began walking, slowly, across the foyer, past his undead posse.  Calmly, I raised the carbine and looked down the barrel, the front sight firmly on the Big Man’s blood crusted forehead.  “Now you get yours,” I said.  I exhaled and squeezed the trigger.  Click.
The Big Man charged.

The ancient Oldsmobile rocketed down Cleveland Street its headlights on the snow packed road setting the night ablaze with white.  The brake lights flashed and the oversize sedan began fishtailing as it slowed.  The driver whipped the wheel left and the car bumped over the curb, across the lawn, and skidded to a cockeyed halt on the driveway.  With the engine still running the driver leapt from the car and ran to the porch, clutching a shotgun and screaming…

 “No good dirty sniggle fritz bastages!”
It was my father, seeding the night air with one of his signature, profanity laced tirades as he tore across the porch.  To this day I’ve never heard anything more beautiful.  As I stared over the barrel of my carbine at the raging, blood-lusting Santa, my old man burst through the door and raised his shotgun.  There was an explosion and a flash of light and Santa dropped to the floor.  
My father stood in the doorway, gun in hand, undead hoard at his feet, cast in silhouette by the headlights of the still idling Olds.  In that moment he appeared larger than life, my old man the protector, ready to vanquish any ghoul or stalker of the night that threatened his family.  
Slowly, I got up from behind the couch.  Without a word my father walked over, looked me up and down and nodded.  I smiled at what was from my old man a gesture of purest approval.  He patted my shoulder then looked to the couch where I’d laid his M1.  He picked it up and turned it over, checking the chamber and clip.  “Gotta be careful with this,” he said.
I looked past him to the head shot corpses and blood spattered floor.  “Careful?”
“Sure,” he said with a sly smile, “you don’t want to shoot your eye out.”

___________________________________
Bloodthirsty Zombie Rampage on 34th Street


 “How drunk?”  he asked. 
They were the first words out of her boss’s mouth after she told him.  “What do you mean how drunk?”  She crossed her arms.  “Too drunk.  Too drunk to go on.”
He looked past her to the subject of their discussion, a man in a Santa suit bracing himself against a wall and staring at the ground like he’d lost a contact.  He may have been standing over a pool of his own vomit, but the boss didn’t look any closer.  He didn’t want to know that badly.  “I don’t see where we have any choice in the matter.”
The woman’s expression, icy cold, didn’t falter.  “Neither,” she said, “do I.”
“Listen,” he put his hands on her shoulders, “so he’s had a bit to drink.  If it doesn’t stop our esteemed senator from taking the floor, I don’t see where it…”  He halted his weak defense when the Santa in question toppled over.  “Oh good Christ.”  He pulled his hands back and dusted them off on his pants.  “Why me?  At the eleventh hour no less.”
“We’re just going to have to get someone to replace him.  There must be someone, someone else you interviewed for the position.”  
“There was one, but...”
“But what?  He didn’t look the part, have a beard, speak English…”
“No, no, nothing like that.  It’s just that he..  Well, he gives every indication that he…”  The boss looked around and motioned her forward.  “The man’s perfect,” he said, keeping his voice low, “fits the part to a T.  It’s just that he thinks he’s actually…”  He looked around again, then leaned in and whispered in her ear.
She gasped.  “Is he dangerous?”
Her boss shrugged.  “Not if he’s been fed.”
She looked at the Santa sprawled on the sidewalk.  “Well, like you said, we have no choice.”

The new man worked, barely.  They cleaned him up a bit (including the beard—a grisly task) and strapped him into the faux sleigh where he sat obediently as it was wheeled by thousands of screaming spectators.  They couldn’t get him to wave exactly.  Mostly he just held out his arms and bobbed them at the crowd, but no one seemed to notice.  And he did really look the part.
When the woman got home she was ready to kick off her heels, pour herself a drink, and settle in front of the TV.  She didn’t even care if it was on.  She was met at the door by her daughter, though, who immediately scuttled the plan.  Their neighbor was over—a fastidious man who the woman pegged as a bit of a momma’s boy—and the daughter had invited him to dinner.  The woman didn’t fight her on it, chiefly because it would give her a chance to discuss her concerns about the neighbor’s unsupervised visits with her 10 year old daughter.
While the maid prepared the dinner, the girl drifted over to watch the last of the parade reel by the window.  “There goes Santa,” she said.  As she watched, the Santa leaned down and snatched what looked like a baby from one of the spectators.  It appeared he was about to give it a kiss when the girl’s view was blocked by a passing balloon.  “He’s much better than last year.  At least this one’s not wearing glasses.”
The mother told her the man was a last minute substitute and not only was he not wearing glasses, he wasn’t intoxicated.  “Remember the janitor last New Year’s Eve?”  She didn’t mention the Santa’s delusions—it didn’t seem relevant, and besides, once the parade was over they’d never see him again.  About that, of course, she’d been very, very wrong.

 “He’s stupendous.”  
It was her boss, and he was all wound up about the new Santa.  Everyone loved him, he said, the kids, the parents, even the owner of the store.
“The owner?”  The owner was an icon, a rich industrialist type who’d gone into retail and never left.  If he was taken with the new Santa, there was no getting rid of him, no matter how deranged he was.  Her boss assured her he understood the risks and he’d taken precautions, extra security, regular feedings, etc.  
The woman held the phone to her ear and rubbed her temples, something she’d been doing  a lot lately.  What a wonderful life she’d carved out for herself.  At home she had an alcoholic janitor and a neighbor with questionable sexual proclivities, and now at work she had this.  She hung up, but not before she’d repeated what had become her mantra.  “We don’t have a choice.”

The line to see Santa stretched all the way past housewares to Men’s Clothing.  She smiled as she made her way down the aisle, nodding hellos to the parents and their eager children.  When she rounded the corner and got her first peek at the ersatz throne she gasped.  Sitting in Santa’s lap was her daughter, and not just sitting, but tugging on his beard.  Santa gazed at the girl like a drug addled schizoid, and though he seemed docile enough, it was still terrifying.  Standing to the side was their neighbor, looking on with clueless affection.
The woman picked up her pace, trying not to draw attention to herself as she made way to rescue her daughter.  When the neighbor saw her approaching his expression faltered momentarily.  “Really,” he said, “there’s a simple explanation for this.  The maid sprained her ankle and I took your daughter here to see you.”
Ignoring the neighbor’s excuses, she plucked her daughter from Santa’s lap.  It was bad enough to have her in the grasp of a delusional lunatic, but she’d been brought to the store by her potentially predatorial neighbor.  The mother was starting to question her abilities as a parent.  Leaving her alone in that apartment building for the day?  Why not just toss her off a yacht without a life jacket.
“His beard is real, mother.”
“Yes dear,” she leaned down to speak to her daughter, “a lot of men have long beards like that.  It doesn’t mean that he’s really Santa Claus.”
“Oh,” said the daughter, “I know that.  He’s not Santa.  He’s a…”
“In the future,” the mother straightened and spoke to her neighbor, “I’d appreciate it if you’d just call and let me take care of it.”
The little girl tugged on her mother’s dress.  “But mother, he’s not Santa he’s a…”  
The mother ignored her daughter and continued to lecture their neighbor.  The daughter turned to watch Santa who now had a little Dutch girl in his lap.  The Dutch girl’s nanny was speaking to Santa who paid no attention, eyes fixed instead on a doll the little girl was clutching to her chest.  He pried the doll from the girl’s hands and bit off its head.
“I told her,” said the nanny, oblivious, “that you wouldn’t be able to speak to her, but she insisted.”
The little girl, undisturbed by the decapitation, pulled the headless doll from Santa’s grasp and began singing in Dutch.  The cheerful melody caught the attention of Santa who was now transfixed by the softly crooning child in his lap.  As the song reached a refrain, the little girl lifted a hand and pointed her finger, wagging it along with the tune, inches from Santa’s nose.  His mouth fell open and a mangled, saliva soaked doll’s head rolled out and down his beard.  The girl kept singing and pointing, her finger dancing in front of Santa’s gaping maw like bait.
“A phone call is all I ask,” said the mother, concluding her lecture to the neighbor.
There was a high pitched shriek and all eyes turned to Santa and the Dutch girl.  The girl’s hand still hovered in front of his mouth, but the finger had vanished, a flash of bone and knuckle in its place, blood pulsing from the severed digit.
“Oh now what,” said the mother.

Once the paramedics had hustled the Dutch girl out of the store and cleaned up the Santa’s beard, the procession of greedy children resumed.  Situation under control, the mother sat with her daughter at the store’s deli counter, the two of them sharing an ice cream sundae.  “But mother,” said the girl, “that’s what I was trying to tell you.  Santa is a zombie.”
The mother dispensed a tolerant smile.  “Sweetie, just because someone eats a Dutch girl’s finger and bites the heads off dolls…”
“It’s not just that.  He drools, and his teeth are pointy, and his breath is real bad.  And he never talks.  He just moans.”
“Honey, I speak French and lead an occasional skirmish against the English.  That doesn’t make me Joan of Arc.”
The girl opened her mouth to argue, but her mother filled it with a spoonful of vanilla chocolate swirl.  While the daughter dealt with an impending brain-freeze, the mother’s boss took a seat at the table.  “Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear,” he said.
“What’s the news?” asked the mother.
“Well, could be worse.”
“Oh, I doubt that.  We’ve got an undead Santa, and now that he’s bitten someone, we’ve got her to deal with.  Has she turned?”
“We got a bit of a break there, really,” said the boss.  “She’s dead.”
“Oh thank God.”  The mother took a sip of her soda.  “ I thought we were going to have to find her a job too.”
“Thank goodness it was a Dutch girl,” said the boss, “an orphan no less, but next time who knows.”
“You’re right,” said the mother.  “I think it’s time we had a closer look at our star attraction.”
“We’ve already had him in to see the psychiatrist.  He said our Santa’s probably mildly autistic.”
“Probably?”
“Well, yes, he did say it was possible he was a zombie.  But either way, we can’t fire him—labor law’s on his side I’m afraid.  We’d have to retrain him, and I don’t know about you, but I can’t think of a single useful thing an aging, overweight zombie can do for us.”
“So we strap him to a chair in a red suit and let him listen to greed stricken preschoolers read their Christmas wish lists?”
The boss shrugged.  “I don’t see that we have a choice.”

Christmas Eve.  The store bustled with last minute shoppers.  Overburdened clerks settled disputes and rang up orders, and on the store’s second floor a parade of scheming children marched through Santa’s workshop, dropping one by one onto the zombie’s lap to make final desperate pleas for their Christmas swag.  Standing post behind a cardboard sleigh, the mother looked on, fingers crossed.  It’s almost over, she thought.  Just a couple more hours and they can send zombie-Santa packing.  Unfortunately, with the finish line in sight, she’d neglected Santa’s last feeding, his hourly ration of mammals procured from the neighborhood pet store.
The first sign of trouble was when Santa started getting agitated and bucking in his mock throne.  He’d already toppled a pair of toddlers off his lap when he finally worked free of the patent leather belt lashing him to the chair and got to his feet.  With a low growl he staggered around the toy department, bent over at the waist with arms extended, making sweeping grabs at the screaming children who skittered about just below his grasp.  As parents collected their charges and retreated, the Santa grew frustrated and turned on his handlers, a pair of security guards dressed as elves.  He attacked and the three men tumbled to the ground, Santa taking a bite out of one man’s forearm and the other’s thigh before a couple passing policemen managed pry them apart.  Within minutes the officers cuffed the combatants and whisked them away, leaving a store full of wide-eyed shoppers in their wake.
“Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear,” said the boss who’d appeared in mid-ruckus.  He looked over the scene; crying children, a toppled throne, the polished oak floor awash with blood and bits of flesh.  “I believe we may have a lawsuit on our hands.”
The mother looked at him.  “You think?”

No one filed a lawsuit, not exactly, but the Christmas Eve debacle did end up in the courts.  Zombie-Santa’s case was picked up by the ACLU and the NLRB, the latter contending that Santa was not a zombie, but rather the victim of a rare blood disorder, and that he and the two elves he’d ‘turned’ were in fact an ad-hoc Collective Bargaining Unit.  They accused the store of union busting when the store attempted to fire their undead trio, and the Service Employees International joined as a plaintiff in the case.  The trial drew national attention, with the store trying to prove Santa was a zombie and union shills claiming otherwise.

 “This is going to be a disaster.”  The man making the forecast was a middle aged judge.  He sat in his New York apartment with his handler, a gruff, cigar chomping politician.  “I’m going to recuse myself—it’s the only way.”
“Recuse yourself, nothing,” said the handler, taking an unlit cigar from his mouth and poking the judge with it.  “Here you are running from this case when this thing could make you, make you big.  Do you know what zombies do?”
The judge looked confused.  “Eat people?”
“No,” said the handler, “they vote.”
“…and turn other people into zombies, the ones they don’t eat.”
The handler shook his head.  “They turn other people into voters.  Think of it: we unionize these mokes and you can write your own ticket.  All you have to do is side with the NLRB on this: those guys are not zombies.”
“But they are, they are zombies.”
“Semantics,” said the handler, “you gonna let a quibble about terminology keep you from getting reelected?”
The judge glared back at him, indignant.  “I’m an honest man.  No one’s going to hold that against me.”
“Honest,” the handler shook his head.  “Mark my words, you side with the union on this one or you can kiss your reelection goodbye.”

No one would take the case.  She tried a dozen firms, but with the city and the unions lining up on the other side, not a single attorney would step up to take the store’s position.  As the mother hung up the phone after a another fruitless call, she found her daughter tugging at her skirt.
“But mother, you can let our neighbor take the case.  He’ll do it.”
“Sweetheart,” she said, growing a little irritated with her daughter’s pestering, “our neighbor is not a lawyer.”  At least she didn’t think he was.  The truth was she didn’t have a clue what the man did for a living, or when for that matter—he was always around.
“Oh but he is,” insisted the daughter.  “He dresses in suits all the time and carries a briefcase and…”
“Sweetie,” said the mother, “just because a man wears a suit, carries a brief case, and has questionable relationships with young girls, that doesn’t mean he’s a lawyer.”
“Oh, but I am.”  It was her neighbor, popping up at opportune times like always. 
“You are,” said the mother, eyeing him with suspicion, “and you’d like to defend the store’s position that our Santa is in fact a zombie?”
The neighbor smiled.  “I’d be delighted.”

As it turned out, the trial’s first witness was also the trial’s last witness, the son of the plaintiff’s attorney, a freckle-faced boy with curly red hair, the kind of kid who looked like he should be wearing a ball cap or gigging frogs.  As it was he was seated in a leather chair, behind a wooden balustrade, in the venerable confines of an oak paneled, New York City courtroom.  The boy looked surprisingly comfortable in the austere setting.  The boy’s father did not.
“So,” said the neighbor and lead attorney for the store, “you understand that you’re in a courtroom, and courtrooms are special places where you always tell the truth.”
“Gosh,” said the boy, eyes wide with sincerity, “sure I do.  Everybody knows you should always tell the truth.”
The courtroom laughed in approval, and the attorney continued.  “Do you know what a zombie is?”
“Gee, sure I do,” said the boy, then he pointed.  “There’s one right over there.”
The attorney tipped his head toward Santa.  “Do you mean the man in the red suit chained to the chair?”
The boy nodded.  “I mean Santa.  He’s a zombie.”
There was a little nervous laughter from the courtroom.  In the front row, the judge’s handler shot the judge a warning look.
“And, do you know what zombies do?”
“They eat people,” said the boy, “specially little kids.”
The plaintiff’s attorney stood.  “Your honor, I object.  The witness has not been sworn as an expert.”
“Yes, yes, that’s quite right,” said the judge, a note of relief in his voice.  “I’ll admonish council to restrict his examination to the facts.”
The store’s attorney stepped to the bench.  “I believe that’s why we’re here, your honor.  We believe it to be a fact that the man seated over there is a zombie, and further, that the court believes him one as well.”
“An outrageous assertion,” said the judge.
“Unchain him then,” said the attorney.
The suggestion caught the judge off guard.  He and his handler exchanged looks, and the judge cleared his throat.  “I’ll do no such thing.”
“If this is an employment hearing, and you don’t think the man’s a danger, unchain him.  If you choose not to do so I move the case be dismissed; prima facie—he’s a zombie.”
The courtroom spectators gasped and began speaking in hushed tones, the volume of the conversations increasing until the judge pounded his gavel to gain control.  When the court was once again silent he spoke.  “After some consideration,” he said, voice somber, “the court has decided to honor the request.  Bailiff, please uncuff the defendant.”
Spectators shifted in their chairs.  Those seated nearest the defendant’s bench began standing and moving to the back of the room.  The bailiff made his way to Santa, removed the cuffs that secured him to the chair, and backed quickly away.  Then nothing happened.
The judge stared for a moment, no doubt expecting chaos, then turned his attention back to the store’s attorney.  “Continue, please.”
Dumbstruck, the attorney looked from the witness back to Santa, wondering what was keeping him in his chair.  Santa stared into space, eyes glazed, a spot of drool in his beard.  “All right,” said the attorney, then threw up his hands.  “I have no further questions.”
The judge dismissed the boy, who stood and walked toward the aisle between the defendant and plaintiff’s tables.  He smiled at his father as he passed, but the smile disappeared as behind the attorney Santa got to his feet.  Seeing the fear in his boy’s eyes, the attorney turned and caught Santa just as he lunged for the boy.  Santa opened his mouth and latched onto the attorney’s nose, closing his jagged teeth on gristle and bone.  The attorney howled and pulled away, leaving a gory hole where his nose had been and at the same time exposing his neck to the blood crazed Santa.
From the bench, the judge watched, gavel in hand, too horrified to strike it.  The bailiff drew his gun and closed on the Santa as the attorney’s cries turned to gurgling and then silence as Santa ripped out his throat.  The store’s attorney, standing a safe distance from the mauling, pointed to the Santa and repeated his assertion.  “Your honor,” he shouted, “that man is a zombie!”
“Well,” said the judge, as the bailiff put a bullet in the rampaging Santa’s head, “hard to argue with that.” 
___________________________________
Home and Almost Alone


He supposed he couldn’t really blame his parents.  Or for that matter, his creepy older brother.  Or his completely clueless sister.  Or his dorky little cousins.  Or his aunt, or uncle, or whoever.  And besides he sort of liked being alone, at least at first.  Once the panic of discovering his family had abandoned him subsided, he realized he had the place to himself; snacks anytime he wanted, TV to any channel, and no room in the house off-limits.  As his buzz-cut brother would have said, “It’s all good.”
The first few hours were a blur, playing with his father’s shaving gear, having pop tarts and ho-ho’s for lunch, perusing his parent’s VCR tape collection (he settled on a violent gangster flick).  But as darkness fell he sensed a chill in the house and understood it wasn’t just the dropping temperature outside that had him so cold.  He wasn’t lonely, but he was definitely alone.  He went around the house leaving every light on in his wake. 
Okay, they knew they’d left him behind by now, so why hadn’t anyone called, or sent around a neighbor, or if nothing else, why hadn’t they made a call to the police?  He was just a little kid after all.  Hanging out at home without his parents?  What if the heat went off (It was already sort of cold and he wasn’t quite sure how to make it warmer.), or what if the power went out?  There were like a zillion bad things that could happen, all sorts of trouble he could get into; there was the pistol in his dad’s nightstand drawer, there was his brother’s BB gun, there was the gas stove in the kitchen that could blow up the house.  Also, there were zombies.
He didn’t know too much about them because his parents made him leave the room whenever there was a story about it on the news.  His older brother claimed their derelict neighbor—an old guy with a scraggly beard and kind of wild eyes—was a zombie.  So far, though, the boy hadn’t seen him eat anyone, so he was pretty sure that was a lie.  Still, he’d seen stories in the paper, and he heard other kids talking, and he knew the zombies were mostly in the distant suburbs, little farm towns with names he didn’t recognize.  Tonight though, alone in the house, looking out over snow-packed streets, the neighborhood dark and deserted, tonight the distant suburbs didn’t seem all that distant.

His parents’ bed was huge.  As he lay in it covered with this big fluffy quilty-thing they called a comforter he felt like he was floating on his back in a pool.  It took him a while to warm up, but once he did, he drifted off to sleep.  When he was jolted awake two hours later the bedside clock read 2:15 AM.  He shrunk under the covers, the oversize bed suddenly making him feel very small.  
It was a scream.  He was sleepy and a little confused and he tried to tell himself it was a dream or it was just a dog barking, or like that, but he knew that wasn’t true.  For one thing, once a dog barked, it usually barked again.  And again, and again, until his dad made an anonymous call to the police.  When somebody screamed, though, sometimes they didn’t scream again.  Sometimes they couldn’t scream again.  
Slowly, he peeled the comforter down below his chin and listened.  It was a quiet house in a quiet neighborhood, and it was the middle of winter, but tonight it was freaky quiet, dead quiet.  He slid himself out from under the covers and dropped his feet to the floor.  Cold.  His bedroom was carpeted, but his parents’ wasn’t, and the wood floor made his toes curl when he hit it.  Wincing from the frigid floorboards, he walked to the window and peered out.  
Except for a few streetlights the neighborhood was completely dark.  Sure, it was really late at night, but even if it wasn’t most of his neighbors were out of town, spending the holiday with relatives, or in super Christmas-y locations like Paris, or London, or Las Vegas.   He put his face too close to the window and his breath fogged the glass.  He was about to reach out and wipe the window with his pajama sleeve when he saw them.
Three houses down, close enough to the streetlight so he could see, two men staggered up the sidewalk toward his neighbor’s front door.  One was tall, the other really short, and they walked with their heads tilted to the side and dragging their feet.  They moved slow, so slow even the boy (one of the worst sprinters in his PE class) could have easily outrun them.  As the men approached the house, the front door flew open.  Stepping out to face the two men was his neighbor, the scraggily beard guy.  The boy’s eyes widened and his cherubic mouth formed a perfect ‘O’. 
 Zombies! 
Maybe his brother was right, maybe the old guy was a zombie, maybe this was some kind of zombie meeting thing.  Maybe they were going to get together and start searching the neighborhood for people to eat.  Before the boy could think any more about it, the old man raised a gun toward his visitors and fired.  There was an explosion and a flash of light and the tall zombie’s shoulder snapped back.  As the zombie spun to the sidewalk, his partner staggered forward, arms extended toward the old man.  The old man cracked the gun in half and fumbled in his bathrobe pocket.  He put another round in the gun and snapped it closed just as the short zombie was on him.  The old man screamed, the pair tumbled to the ground, and the tall zombie crawled over to join the fray.
The boy exhaled, fogging the glass once again.  This time he didn’t wipe it away.  He didn’t want to see what was going on behind the cloudy window.  Even so, he could hear it.  The old guy was screaming, long, blood curdling screams with a few words mixed in like ‘no’ and ‘stop’.  After a few seconds the screams died out.  
The boy wasn’t able to sleep again until it got light outside.  Once he could make out the street signs and mailboxes and garden fences, he felt safe enough to leave his post at the window and crawl under the covers where he shivered with chill and fright until he fell asleep.  When he woke again it was almost noon.  He threw the comforter off and jumped to the floor.  He had work to do.

 “All right,” he said aloud, finding the sound of his voice in the empty house comforting, “they just ate, so they won’t be trying anything right away.”  He stepped to the window and looked toward his neighbor’s.  The bearded guy was lying on his front stoop.  Mostly.  His head and arms were there, and the bathrobe, bloody, sagged in the middle where his stomach should have been.  A rubber boot stood upright on the sidewalk, and what looked like a hand was resting on the bushes.  The boy nodded.  “He was a good man, dammit,” he said, reciting a line from one of his brother’s favorite war movies.  “But he wasn’t prepared.”
With a salute toward his neighbor’s remains, the boy left the window and went to his room to get dressed.  He figured they’d come for him at night, so he’d have plenty of time if he needed it.  On the way to his room he picked up the hall phone to try the police again, but the phone was dead, same as it was last night.  “On my own,” he said, still channeling the war hero, “just the way I like it.”

It took him all day to set it up; ropes, pulleys, tacks, nails, and broken glass.  He’d balanced pails of oil over doors, slicked the cellar stairs with ice, even setup a zip line from his bedroom to the backyard tree house.  And, if all else failed, he had his dad’s gun.  He didn’t know much about zombies, but he had the basics down—shoot them in the head.  He figured the way those guys moved, all stiff and lurchy, it wouldn’t be a problem.  
It was just after 4:00, with the sun disappearing over the horizon, when the boy, wearing a green t-shirt and his brother’s khaki pants rolled up at the ankles, stepped into the living room.  He walked to the window and pulled back the curtain.  The streets were empty, and glowed sort of red in the sunset.  He’d heard his mom use the term ‘rose colored glasses’, usually when talking to his dad, usually when talking about their financial situation.  He didn’t think the red outside was a rose-colored-glasses thing.  Today he thought the red outside meant something else.   “Blood,” he said, squinting his left eye and talking out of the side of his mouth.  He’d hoped the gangster imitation would give him some confidence, but it wound up sounding kind of creepy.
He felt in his waistband for his father’s pistol.  It was so heavy he had to put on a belt to keep it from pulling his khaki’s down, and now the tip of the barrel was brushing low on his thigh making it a little hard to walk.  He shuffled to the front door, checked the locks, and moved toward the opposite side of the house, peeking out the window that faced the house of his dead neighbor.  It was getting dark fast, the red glow turning an ugly brown, and shapes blurring together.  He thought of checking the phones once again, but didn’t want to leave his post.  Besides, he was sure they’d still be dead.
It was full dark out when he first saw them, two forms separating themselves from the shadows as they passed under the glow of a streetlight.  He had hoped the tall one had died after being shot, or had at least lost an arm, but no such luck.  The scary duo shuffled down the sidewalk looking pretty much the same as the night before.  They were moving slow, but still he didn’t think he could shoot them from the window.  He’d have needed one of those sniper’s rifles he’d seen in war movies, something like his brother’s BB gun, but with bigger bullets.  Heart racing, he pulled the pistol from his pants and rested it on the window sill.
He thought maybe they’d pass his house, but when they drew within a hundred yards they turned.  Once they were facing the window, they started moving faster, leaving the sidewalk and raising their arms in the direction they were travelling.  He couldn’t hear them, but he was pretty sure they were probably moaning or growling or something.  That was when it struck him: the lights.  He had every light in the house on because if felt safer, but now he realized the zombies could see him in there, crouched there behind the glass.
With a gasp, he pushed himself away from his post, ran around the room turning off lamps, and then fled to the family room at the other end of the house.  He hid behind the couch and within seconds he heard them at the front door, scratching and pounding as they tried to get in.  He closed his eyes, praying for them to go away.  After a few more seconds the pounding stopped.  He held his breath as he heard them crunching through the snow along the side of the house.  They were grunting and groaning as they went, sounding sort of mad, but not dangerous mad, more like the mad his teacher got when he asked too many questions.  They moved past the far window and turned the corner.  They were heading for the cellar door.  
He popped up from behind the couch and raced across the room and then down the stairs to the basement.  He’d left the cellar door unlocked so that once they’d navigated the icy steps they’d be able to get inside where he’d be waiting.  He pointed his pistol at the door.  There was a loud meaty thud as one of the zombies hit the icy treads.  The other must have tumbled over top because something slammed into the door, rattling the glass.  There was lots of grunting, angry sounding, as they untangled themselves and tried to stand.  The short one got to his feet first, his dead eyes peering through the pane of glass in the door.  The tall one, using his partner’s shoulder for support, pulled himself up and stood behind his undead friend.  
Once they saw the boy they got excited, punching their arms through the glass, and letting out long wails of frustration as they tried to lunge and jerk their way through the door.  He watched for a minute or so until he decided they were trapped; too much ice for traction, too solid a door to push through, and too stupid to use the knob.  He could probably shoot them right there, but they were so slow and dorky, he kind of wanted to let them in so he could see if any of his traps worked.  The word ‘sadist’ wasn’t in the boy’s vocabulary, but he was certainly comfortable with the concept.
With a sigh he walked to the door, crouched below the pawing hands of the zombies, and turned the knob.  He backed carefully away as the zombies freed themselves from the door and pushed their way into the basement.  The tall one charged forward (more of a stumble, really, than a charge) and his foot tripped a string, which dropped a hanging bag of cement, which pulled a cinder block free of the basement rafters and sent it swinging on the end of a rope toward the tall zombie’s skull.  There was a satisfying crunch as the block caught the zombie full in the face and sent him flying back through the open cellar door.
“Yes,” said the boy, with a celebratory fist pump.
Seeming unconcerned with his partner’s fate, the short one staggered on, moving toward the boy.  After a few strides, he began to slip on a field of marbles scattered on the basement floor.  His feet shot out from under him and he landed back-first on a piece of plywood through which had been driven dozens of nails.  He stuck to the board like flypaper, and the boy could see where a few of the nails were poking out the other side of his arm and shoulder.  The coolest one, though, was the long nail—a five-incher—that had plunged through the zombie’s cheek and out his eye socket, the useless eyeball now balanced on the tip of the nail like a cocktail garnish.
“Awesome!” said the boy.
Luckily, neither the cinder block nor the nail board had killed the intruders, and after a struggle they got back to their feet and moved once again for the boy.  “Come get me, Mr. Zombie,” he taunted, moving toward the stairs.
The zombies followed, and as they began to climb the short one tripped a wire which sent a band saw swinging down from the ceiling.  The saw sailed past the short one and caught the second one in the arm, severing it below the shoulder.
The boy, already at the top of the stairs, turned.  There wasn’t as much blood as he’d hoped, but it was still pretty cool the way the arm flipped down the steps.  “Nyuk, nyuk, nyuk,” he said, a stooges imitation he didn’t understand but had heard from his brother.
He bounded up the stairs and into the living room where he turned and waited for his undead guests to join him.  As soon as the zombies moved across the threshold and into the foyer, he grabbed a string tacked to a dining room chair and pulled.  A pail of kerosene and oil balanced above the door tipped over and soaked the intruders, the volatile liquid stopping the zombies in their tracks.
“Mom tells me never to play with matches,” said the boy, plucking a match out the box and striking it on the side.  He looked at the blazing stick and shrugged.  “But my mom’s not here.”  He tossed the match at the feet of the stunned zombies and they went up with a loud whoosh.  The zombies clearly had never heard of stop, drop, and roll.  Instead it was more like stand, flail, and moan.  The flames ate away at their clothes as they swatted weakly at their charred and blistering flesh. 
“Cool!” said the boy, drawing the word out with bloodthirsty relish.  As the flames grew higher and the zombies became so charred that they were having trouble moving, he grabbed a fire extinguisher and blasted the pair with a cloud of CO2.  Once the smoke cleared, the boy could see he’d let them burn too long.  Their faces were nothing more than charred meat and their hands were gone, their arms ending in blackened stumps.  Their feet looked okay, and they still seemed able to move, but without sight or smell, it seemed they didn’t know where to go.
He walked a slow circle around the zombies, waving a hand in front of his nose as he caught a whiff of burned flesh.  He was relieved to see the high ceilings and marble floor had sustained little damage, at least nothing that couldn’t be scrubbed away by their Guatemalan housekeeper Juanita (his mom would call her Lolita, at least when his mom was drinking, and then laugh like it wasn’t really funny).  This was good.  He could explain away the blackened remains of the undead visitors, but would be in serious trouble if he ruined his mom’s Italian marble tile.
“Well fun is fun,” he said, “but done is done.”  He smiled as he thought that sounded pretty cool, like something from a movie.
Hoping to squeeze just a little more excitement out of his big adventure, he went into the living room, returned with a fireplace poker, and proceeded to smash the zombies’ knees with great, home run swings.  The tall one dropped right away and lay on the ground like a wind-up toy that had fallen over, legs scissoring as he spun a slow circle on the tile.  It took a few more swings to fell the short one (the boy wasn’t much of a ball player) who joined his partner on the floor.
He stood with the poker at his side watching the mindless writhing of his victims’.  He was actually a little disappointed, as he didn’t get to try out even half of his contraptions.  “Done is done,” he said once again, then bashed each zombie in the head until they stopped moving.  
He was still admiring his handiwork when the front door flew open and his mom stepped inside.  Unknown to the boy, she’d just escaped a moving van full of fat polka playing zombies and was in no mood for his shenanigans.   “Look at this mess!” she shouted, hands on her hips.  Then, looking at the floor, she gasped.  “My tile!”
The boy dropped the poker.  “Mom, it’s not my fault.”
“Yes, young man,” she said, wagging a finger at him as she approached, “it is your fault.  Now you go to your…”  
Her admonition was cut short as she tripped a wire stretched across the foyer and a dumbbell strung from the upstairs bannister swung down and struck her square in the head.  She tumbled to the floor, out cold, a trickle of blood staining the tile where her head struck.
“Nyuk, nyuk, nyuk,” said the boy.
___________________________________
Frosty the Undead Snowman


He was early.  He was always early…  What really burned his zombie ass was he knew he was early, remembered it the minute he’d spun himself free of the grave and to the surface of the cemetery.  The plan was Easter and here he was roaming the earth two days before Christmas.  He’d gotten his holidays confused, and once he got something lodged in his desiccated brain it was all hell to get it out.  Going back under wasn’t an option—it looked like his grave had been bored by a giant post-hole digger, something sure to be noticed—and he had at least three more months before his undead posse joined the party.  His best bet, he thought, was to hide, a shallow grave approach; piles of leaves in the forest, a bog, a marsh, wherever.  He just couldn’t stay in one place too long.  Satisfied with his plan, he stumbled out of the graveyard and toward a nearby wood.  That was when the little girl spotted him.
 
“He’s masquerading as a snowman,” said the fairy, flitting from limb to limb on a snow flocked evergreen.  She had trouble sitting still under the best of circumstances.  These were not the best of circumstances.
“I still don’t see where this is our problem,” said her male counterpart, an unfriendly looking sprite (he of the nipping-at-the-nose fame, she known for tap-tap-tapping on the windowpane).  “The guy’s a fraud, sure.  But just because he decides to be a snowman...”
“He didn’t decide it,” said the fairy.  “It was the little girl.  She dressed him up.”
“Right the girl,” said the sprite.  The fairy had told him the story earlier, but he ignored her.  She had this high pitched—one could say shrill—voice, and she was always flying around in that way she had, wand extended, toes pointed, pirouetting non-stop.  “So some kid dresses him up in a hat and shoves a carrot up his nose.  How does that make it our issue?”
“The little girl’s in danger,” said the fairy, lighting from the limb and spinning a full circle for emphasis.
The sprite shook his head.  “The girl’s got the IQ of a haddock.  She’ll always be in danger.”

There were three of them at the bar, three dwarves, two of whom the sprite took to be brothers, and the third a scary looking guy with a voice like a bassoon.  When the guy spoke it rattled the sprite’s brittle cage like a passing train.  They were ostensibly Santa’s helpers, though he’d never seen them near Santa let alone helping.  Mostly they drank.  A lot.
One of the brothers belched, the other slapped a mug of beer on the table.  “So what’s in it for us?”  They sat in a bar frequented by fairies, someone pounding away at a piano while couples writhed on the dance floor.  The bar’s operators liked it when the sprite showed up, and they always sat him near the dance floor to keep things cool.  There were no ferns.
“What’s ‘in it’ for you has nothing to do with it,” said the fairy.  She stood on the edge of the table, keeping her distance from the dwarves.  They were among the few creatures on earth who could stop her from spinning and tapping her wand.  The sprite was pretty sure one of them had tried to pull something with her, but she never talked about it.  “It’s our duty to protect the children.”
“The children,” said the third dwarf, mocking her in his basso profundo voice.  His cronies laughed and slapped hands.
“She’s right,” said the sprite.  He didn’t really think she was right, but he didn’t like the dwarves who clearly thought she was wrong.  It wasn’t exactly agreement, but it was close enough for him.  “This kid is traipsing around with an undead snowman.  She’s putting herself in danger, and she’s putting other children in danger.  Oh, and don’t look now, but if the GP figures out zombies are real, how long before they turn on us?”
The brother belched again, but with much less enthusiasm.  “Fine,” he said, “what do you suggest we do?”

 “A snowman!”  She clapped her mittens together and bounced on her toes as she stared up at him.
Snowman?  The zombie held perfectly still, assessing the situation.  He supposed he didn’t look too close to human, and snow had packed itself around his rib cage and legs, his unbending knees and arms unable to shed the icy shroud.  Still, it would take a somewhat demented optimist to see him as a snowman.  He chanced a look down at her.  Behold, he thought, a child.
“What’s your name?” she asked.
Here we go, thought the zombie, even this kid will eventually figure out that her snowman is actually a cavorting corpse, early for the apocalypse.  He needed to stall, but how?  Do snowmen talk?  For that matter, do zombies talk?  He could sort of feel there was some meat left in his throat, maybe a diminished vocal cord or two, but he was sure if he tried to speak it would come out garbled, a moan, or a growl, or some unfriendly aural disaster.  He stayed still.
“Oh, that’s okay,” she said, bending over and packing more snow around his knees.  “I have my own name for you.”  
And she did.  And she used it, constantly.  This irritated the zombie, but not enough to let on he was a flesh eating corpse, not yet anyway.

 “An intervention,” said the fairy, leaving the table for a quick spin and dropping back down again.
“An inter-what?” asked one of the brothers.
“She means we go in and help the kid out,” said the sprite.  “All we’ve got to do is convince her that her friend is not a snowman.”
“What?” laughed one of the dwarves.  “Three dwarves a fairy and a sprite?  You don’t think it might freak this kid out?”
“This ‘kid’ is playing house with a corpse she thinks is a talking snowman,” said the sprite.  “No, I do not think we’ll freak her out.”
The third dwarf wrinkled his brow and nodded as he worked things over in his intoxicated brain.  “So, if she’s got a hard on for this snowman zombie guy, how we going to convince her he’s not a snowman?”
“We go and tell her,” said the sprite, growing frustrated, “take a hair dryer to the guy, I don’t know.  We’ll figure it out when we get there.  How hard could it be?”
The first dwarf, the one that looked the youngest of the three, sat back in his chair and sighed.  “You know,” he said, “I’ve found that whenever anyone asks how hard it can be, the answer usually turns out to be hard.”  He guzzled the last of his beer and slammed the mug on the table.  “Real friggin’ hard.”

It was dark when the dwarves, the sprite, and the fairy came upon the little girl playing with her zombie.  They were in a meadow, half a mile from the cemetery.  She’d managed to make a convincing snowman out of her undead friend.  She’d packed snow on his face, shoved a carrot in his nose and placed a couple small black stones for eyes.  She’d topped him off with a stove pipe hat, though where she came up with that particular sartorial flourish was unclear.  She danced circles around her friend, singing and clapping as she went, her purple scarf fluttering in the icy breeze.
The fairy, who’d gone commando, pointed to her eyes and then to the ground where two sets of footprints led up to the zombie’s current location.  The girl had apparently gotten him to walk, and now wasn’t going to let a little darkness and cold end her day with the enchanted snowman.  The five of them exchanged glances and the third dwarf stepped forward.  “Hello there,” he said, his deep voice sounding like something echoing through a canyon.
The little girl gasped and turned, and upon seeing the dwarf squealed with delight.  “Oh,” she clapped, “I knew you’d come.”
This revelation stunned the dwarf who had no idea what she was talking about.  He cleared his throat to cover the awkward silence and then continued.  “Why yes, of course we came.”  He motioned back to his brothers, the sprite, and the fairy.  “We’re here to, uh, help.”
The five fairy tale creatures gathered around the girl and her snowman, the brothers staring at their feet, the sprite eyeing the zombie, and the commando fairy returning to form, spinning, tapping her toes, and whipping the phallic wand through the night air.
“Oh this is wonderful,” said the girl clapping and doing some spinning of her own.  “Look at all my new friends.”
At that point the sprite raised a hand.  The girl looked a bit startled by his movement.  He realized he was not as appealing as his peers, at least to a child.  He was the only one of his crew not originally designed as a holiday fantasy.  Years before his image had been hijacked by Christmas commercializers and, well, you gotta go where the work is.  “You know sweetheart, your friend here,” he pointed to the snowman, who to his credit remained stock still, “he’s not really a snowman.”
The girl laughed.  “Of course he is.”
The fairy spun to a landing next to the sprite.  “No,” she said, her voice soft with sympathy, “he’s not.”
The girl, who’d had her hands raised to clap, dropped her arms to her sides.  “He’s not?” she said.  She turned to look at the snowman and then back to the fairy.  “What is he?”
The sprite looked to the ice covered zombie.  The rumor mill had been buzzing with reports of a potential zombie apocalypse that spring.  Somehow this moron had gotten it wrong, way wrong.   “He’s an imbecile,” said the sprite.
“Im-be-cile?” said the little girl.
“Right honey,” said the fairy, swinging her wand, “do you know what that word means?”
Of course she knew what it meant.  Her father used it all the time, sometimes when he talked about her, and sometimes about the politicians on TV, which was why she knew that someday she’d be president.  “Yes,” she said with an earsplitting grin.
The three dwarves crossed their arms and stared at the snowman.  “A real friggin’ imbecile,” said the third dwarf his deep tone shaking snow off the snowman’s stick-like arms.
The snowman, who’d held his tongue, began shaking his head, snow rolling off his neck and brow.  “Enough!” he shouted, or tried to.  It came out as a muffled grunt.  Zombies, apparently, could not talk.  He reached up and knocked the hat from his head and pulled the carrot from his nose.  He charged forward, the last of the snow falling from his skeletal limbs.  As he closed on the little girl the fairy flitted over, hovered in front of his face, and flicked the wand at his nose.  The zombie darted a hand out and plucked the fairy from the air like a firefly.  There was a squeak of protest and he plunged her into his mouth.  Even with a tongue as shriveled as a dried oyster he could taste her, a sour fairy tang that made him wince.  He chewed a few times to stop her from squirming.
With a cry of anger the sprite attacked, tackling the zombie at the waist, the pair tumbling to the frozen ground as fragile bones—both the zombie’s and the sprite’s—cracked and split.  The two rolled about, the zombie snapping at the air as it tried to catch a snatch of sprite flesh, the sprite punching impotently at the ribcage of the zombie.
“Oh hell,” said the third dwarf.  He bent down and picked up a shard of ice that the fairy had shed as she was eaten, then walked to the battling creatures.  He held the shard up ready to stab, but the struggle was too intense for him to get a bead on the zombie’s skull.  Seeing the problem, the other dwarves came over and wrestled the zombie to a standstill.  The dwarf plunged the ice dagger into the head of the zombie and the zombie was still.
With the little girl crying softly behind them, the two dwarves stood and joined their brother as he looked over the zombie and the sprite.  With a moan, the sprite picked himself off the forest floor and stood next the dwarves.
“Like I told you,” said one of the dwarves, “real friggin’ hard.”
___________________________________
Zombie Apocalypse, Now


Cancel Christmas?  It seemed reasonable enough.  Of course, that’s what a truly great crisis does, makes the most unthinkable of actions seem reasonable.  He stood at the gates of the compound, looking out over what was normally a vast expanse of white interrupted by the occasional stunted evergreen.  Now the landscape was all but invisible, shrouded in a thick, impenetrable fog.  “Metaphor,” he said, his breath escaping as an icy cloud of white.
He turned and walked back into the shop, the floor so bustling with activity his arrival was barely noticed.  They were singing, decorating, wrapping presents, the entire undersized lot oblivious to the developing global calamity.  How to measure its scale?  Hurricanes, droughts, tsunamis…  Mere morsels, diminutive appetizers in the feast that was the very extinction of the human race.  Tonight they’d get the main course.
One of the elves spotted him and drifted over to exchange a few verbal high-fives, but upon seeing the expression on the Big Man’s face, the elf pulled up short.  The Big Man cleared his throat, and the room grew quiet.  “Attention everyone,” he said, though the request was unnecessary.  The whole toy-building, carol singing lot stared back up at him with rapt attention.  “I’m afraid I have bad news.”  He took a breath.  “We’re going to have to cancel Christmas.”
He’d expected protests, denial, outright anger.  What he got was stone cold silence.  His entire crew stared up at him, unable to absorb the reality of his proclamation.  Even the giant wooly creature decorating the main tree looked stunned, frozen in place as he stood poised to place a star at the top of the glittering evergreen.  At length, a reindeer stepped forward.  The Big Man recognized him immediately.  It was the young buck who’d been the victim of some cliquish cruelty due to a deformed nose.  To make matters worse, whispers around the water cooler had it that the little buck was a little doe.  Then the antlers came in—quite a surprise really.  “But sir, “ said the buck, “you can’t cancel Christmas.”
The Big Man wasn’t used to the buck’s adolescent voice, like listening to an elderly Canadian woman trying to sound butch, and he was proud of himself for not cringing when he heard it.  “I’m sorry,” the Big Man said, “but the fog…” 
Right, fog, he thought—that’s how he’d sell it to them.  But it wasn’t fog.  Fog doesn’t smell like a distant fire, smoldering ash, scorched flesh…  
“…The fog is just too much.  I can’t risk it.”
As the Big Man spoke, the young buck’s nose began to glow, a blinding, almost radioactive red light that was a little frightening.  While the Big Man shielded his eyes from the glare, the rest of his crew gathered around, captivated by the buck’s lantern of a nose.  “Wait,” said one of the elves with a snap of his fingers, “wait just a dog gone minute…”
The Big Man knew where this was headed, but he was powerless to stop it.



They loaded the sleigh in record time, and though they bumped around a bit in the fog, no one commented on the smell.  Denial, thought the Big Man, was a powerful thing.  As the elves lashed the last of his team to the sleigh, the Big Man wandered over to say goodbye to his wife.  “Be careful,” she said, her eyes glistening with tears.  They’d been together for what seemed an eternity, and he could tell she knew the score.  Fear wasn’t a common emotion for her—they were both immortal, after all (though he had his beef with a god who would grant him eternal life, but wait until he was an elderly, overweight reindeer rustler to do it), but it was clear tonight she was frightened.
“Always,” said the Big Man.  Forcing a grin, he climbed into the sleigh and took the reins.  He called the roll and with a flick of his wrists sent the magical conveyance lurching off, climbing blindly into the darkness.  As they drew closer to civilization, what he’d passed off as fog was now unmistakably rising smoke and ash.  From 10,000 feet they got their first glimpse of the earth.  A thousand small fires dotted the land, and save for the flames the cities and towns below were dark.  
His copilot, an elf and friend of the red-nosed buck, turned to him.  “Must be some sort of power outage?”
The Big Man grunted.
The elf peered over the side and looked down at the apocalyptic nightscape stretching out beneath them.  “That would account for all the fires.  You know, to keep warm?”
The Big Man glanced at the elf and shook his head.  They descended.



Normally his team approached with the stealth of trained assassins, slipping through the frigid air without so much as a whisper to betray their presence.  No need for that tonight.  Below the gliding sleigh chaos reigned; packs of slow moving humans in various states of decay and disrepair roamed the streets, men with guns shot at the packs and occasionally one another, women with children in their arms ran shrieking across the snow covered yards.  Then there were the dead, and what remained of the dead; entrails on porch steps, detached limbs littering the streets and sidewalks.  And everywhere blood, lots of blood.
The Big Man gave a tug on the reins and steered his team toward one of the few rooftops not engulfed in flames.  They slid to a stop on the crest, bracketed by four dormers and a chimney.
The elf stepped out of the sleigh and surveyed the rioting hoards below.  “That can’t be real, can it?”  He looked to the Big Man for support, but the Big Man ignored him.  “I mean, it must be some sort of celebration, a pagan ritual maybe.  Like a reaction to the put-Christmas-back-in-Christmas thing.”
The Big Man held out his hand.  “Just give me my bag.”  
He’d play it straight; he saw no other way.  He’d never missed a Christmas—snow, rain, sleet, the whole shebang—and he wasn’t going to let a little smoke, fire, and death slow him down.  He slung his sack over his shoulder and strode to the chimney.  Behind him, the buck with the glowing nose spoke up.  
“Do you suppose they need our help, sir?”
“Help?” the Big Man asked.  He looked beyond his team and noticed he and his entourage were beginning to attract some unwanted attention.  A gaggle of undead had broken away from the pack and was heading their way.  “My friend,” he said, “we are here to do one thing, and one thing only.  It’s what we always do—our job.”
“But sir…” started the buck.  His pleas were cut short as to his right an athletic looking and formerly deceased young man was making his way up an elm tree adjacent to the house.  While the undead athlete struggled in the tree, one of his colleagues climbed the porch latticework and began swinging from the gutter.
The Big Man pointed to a couple elves who’d spent most of the trip napping in the back of the sleigh.  “You two,” he said, “get out there and keep those things off the roof.”
With a salute and an obligatory ‘yes sir’ the elves leapt to their feet and rushed to the roof’s edge, prepared to defend the eave from the zombie in the tree.  Satisfied his guard was in place, the Big Man disappeared down the chimney.  Behind the elves, the man on the gutter got a leg up and rolled onto the roof.  Seeing they were about to be overrun, one of the elves charged the man and they both tumbled to the front walk some ten feet below.  The elf landed with a meaty thud and the zombie crashed down on top.
“Medic!” shouted the red-nosed buck, looking back to his friend.
“I’m a dentist,” said the elf, retreating to the sleigh, “just a dentist.”
There was a muffled scream as the zombie on the porch began to feed.  In the tree his partner finally bent the elm’s branches close enough to the roof to leap off.  He landed and slid down the shingles a few feet before gaining a foothold.  Undaunted by his near fall, he stood and charged the remaining elf.  At the last second the elf ducked and the zombie slid down the roof, stopping at the hooves of the lead reindeer.  He gathered himself under the glowing red light and got to his feet just as the Big Man popped out of the chimney.
“No!” shouted the Big Man.  In the sleigh the would-be dentist screamed as the zombie latched onto the legs of the young buck and began making his way to the exposed neck.  The buck dropped its head and, catching the belt of the attacker on an antler, whipped the man off the roof.  
No one moved, the Big Man standing, braced against the chimney, the elf in the sleigh with his hands over his ears.  The young buck was facing away from the two of them, his heavy breathing sending clouds of white vapor into the night.  Gradually, the buck’s nose began to dim, and the sounds of the night and the light of a hundred fires intruded.
The elf moved to the front of the sleigh and called his friend’s name.  The buck’s breathing slowed, but it remained still.  Cautiously, the Big Man made his way across the roof.  The buck’s chest continued to swell and shrink, but there were now no tell-tale puffs of vapor to indicate he was actually breathing.  The Big Man stopped as the faint red glow from the nose finally winked out.  One last time, he called the buck’s name.
A ghostly green glow began to emanate from the head of the buck, barely visible at first.  The Big Man chanced another step forward, now standing at the buck’s side.  The eerie green light continued to intensify, and as the Big Man reached a hand toward his lead reindeer, the buck turned.
Its green nose cast the scene in an otherworldly light, razor tipped antlers flashing under the graveyard glow.  It bared its teeth, jagged as shards of glass, and then it howled, an unearthly sound, terrifying.  “Oh shit,” said the Big Man.
The young buck lunged.

___________________________________
A Christmas Carol
A Zombie Story of Christmas


The straps looked too tight, but he supposed they always looked too tight.  How could they appear otherwise on such a boy, the diminutive creature lashed to his chair at the family dining table.  “There, there,” said the father as his son struggled against the bindings.  The boy was mostly grey now, gradually greening at the extremities, and his skin dry despite repeated applications of whale oil.  They’d taken to spreading a blanket under his chair to catch his ‘leavings’ as the man’s dear wife referred to them.  Lately the leavings consisted of clumps of hair and scalp, patches of ruined skin, fingernails, and occasionally a tooth, most times because of the habit he had of clacking his teeth when he wanted more food. 
“Ah,” said the father, spreading his arms to indicate the Christmas dinner arrayed before him; a roast goose, an unappetizing selection of boiled root vegetables, and a lump of pudding with a candle staked on top.  “What a merry feast.”
“Yes, father,” said his oldest son, “merry indeed.”  He clapped.  The father thought him a bit of a lackey, but still returned the boy’s smile.
“Everything looks marvelous,” chimed the second oldest daughter, a pretty thing with a feeble mind.
All eyes turned to the middle daughter, 15 years old, waiting for her to acknowledge the meal.  The girl, who’d burrowed like a tick into the heart of teenage angst the day she turned 13, rolled her eyes.  “Yes, marvelous,” she said, her tone mocking her older sister who was too dim to notice.
The youngest children, a boy and a girl born a year apart, giggled and clapped, their age relieving them of responsibility to comment on the dinner.
The 15 year old glared across the table at her chair-strapped sibling.  She wrinkled her nose in disgust.
“My dear,” said her mother, “do not stare at your brother.”
“Does he have to eat with us?”
“But of course,” said the father with inextinguishable good cheer, “it’s Christmas!”
“But…” the girl started, staring at the fish basket filled with live mice sitting in front of her brother.  The mice, rather more than a dozen of them, scampered about in the mesh.  The girl shook her head and sighed.  “Forget it.”
“My dear,” said the mother, “mind your father.  It would do you good to be more charitable in spirit.  Your brother has a condition.”
“A condition?”  The girl stared back at her mother, mouth hanging open.  “He ate the neighbor’s dog!”
And the neighbor, thought the father.  He’d managed to collect what was left of the poor sod and bring him to the foundry where he passed the whole of it off as an accident.  The deception was never discovered.  Real spot of luck, that.
The mother huffed.  “And what was that animal doing roaming our yard, untended?  Is it too much to ask they keep an eye on their pets?  They know our son has…”
“A condition,” said the girl, “right.”
“Ugh,” said the boy, eyes fixed on the roiling mice.
“Yes,” said the father, as if answering a poignant question, “of course.”  He plucked a mouse out by its tail and tossed it in the direction of his son.  The boy snapped the rodent out of the air like a starving hound.  A single bite, a single swallow, and the mouse was gone.
The father reached for a second, but the boy was not paying attention, his interest having been captured by something across the room.  A pair of visitors stood in the doorway, unseen by all but the boy; an elderly man in a night cap and dressing gown, and towering behind him a black robed specter, his face hidden beneath the folds of a hood.  They stood close to one another, speaking in hushed tones.

“Tell me spirit what is it that so afflicts the boy?”
“Some months ago,” said the spirit, his voice low and ominous, “he was overcome with fever.  His father, unable to afford a proper doctor, sought the help of a local apothecary who had a medical practice in the back of a grain and feed.  The man used a plague-infected leach to treat the boy…”
“Ah, yes,” said the old man, “a tragedy to be sure.”
“An ugly scene,” agreed the spirit.  “The boy changed swiftly and attacked the physician.  The physician turned and the father was forced to cleave his skull with the boy’s crutch.  He managed to capture his son in an empty grain sack and has had him under chain and bind ever since.
“Truly horrifying,” said the old man.
The specter agreed, then launched into a tired rant about the cost of medical care and the need for universal health coverage, at which point the boy at the table turned his attention back to the mice.  

“Ugh,” he said, clacking his teeth.
“Ooh,” said the girl, cringing, “I hate when he does that!”
“Father,” said the oldest boy, “may I?”  He pointed to the mice.
The father nodded.  “That would be a lovely gesture.”
The boy scooped out a mouse and tossed it toward his brother who snagged the rodent out of the air with a startling lunge.  The eldest boy clapped and the rest of the family, save the 15 year old, followed.  
“Lovely,” said the dim daughter, eyes bright with glee.
The 15 year old looked around the table.  “This family is so weird.  Seriously.”  She’d endured the shame of her undead sibling for almost a year, using denial and humor (she referred to her brother as Little Z) to get her through.  Lately though, her good humor was failing her.
Her older brother made to fetch another mouse, and the girl interrupted.  “Aren’t we supposed to say the grace first?”
The brother drew his hand back as if slapped.  
“Yes, my dears,” said the father, “your sister is right.  Let us give thanks.”  Around the table heads bowed and the father continued.  “At this joyous time of year we must endeavor to remember those gifts we’ve been given; my beautiful wife, my lovely children, and why this very meal, so bountiful and magnificent.  I feel my dears, that of this year it can be well and truly said…”  The father raised his hands, “It was the best of times.”
The 15 year old rolled her eyes.  “It was the worst of times.”
The father continued, undeterred.  “It is the season of Light!”
Another eye roll from the daughter.  “Try season of darkness.  I mean, hello, my little brother’s a zom…”
The mother pounded a fist on the table.  “I will not have you using that word in this house!”
“Whatever,” said the 15 year old.  
Her relationship with her mother had tumbled a short time after her brother became Little Z.  When the mother’s always sour mood took a sharp turn towards bitter, everyone assumed it was her son’s ‘condition’ that was troubling her.  The 15 year old was sure this had something to do with it, but attributed her mother’s mood, in greater degree, to the disappearance of their ironmonger neighbor, a man who was always there to lend a hand patching the roof, firing coals, whatever was called for, and always when the father was not around.
Oblivious to the developing tension, the undead boy clacked his teeth and grunted.  As his father reached for a mouse, the boy’s eyes drifted once again to the far side of the room.

“It would seem, spirit, an unwise time for me to become charitable.  Two or three years from now my financial situation may be more stable…”
“Three years the boy has not.  If the shadows remain unaltered…”
“Yes, yes,” the old man waved a hand, “your position is quite clear on that account.  However, your suggestions…”  The old man shook his head.  “A doubling of my clerk’s salary?  A wedding gift to my no-account nephew of an amount befitting a Duke?  And then, then to take him on as a partner?  My dear spirit, those shadows of which you speak, do you feel they’d be properly dispersed with the sunlight of bankruptcy?”
“Mankind should have been your business!”
“Ok,” said the old man, “now you’re just repeating yourself.”  He reached up and patted the spirit on the shoulder.  “Here’s what I’ll do for you.  I will reinstate my clerk, at his former salary, and he can continue to provide for his rather ponderous family.  I find this charity enough, keeping on the incompetent sod.  Let’s be clear, if the man had a head for numbers do you think he’d have so many children?”
“And what of the boy, his affliction…”
“And what of it?  These shadows, I see no crutches about.”  He gestured toward the child strapped to the chair.  “He’s by all accounts a healthy sort of boy, quite able to stand up for himself I’d wager.  All in all I’d say a remarkable boy…”

“Ugh,” said the boy, returning his attention to the basket, clacking his teeth.
“Insolence,” seethed the mother, eyes on her teenage daughter.
“My dears,” said the father, “let’s not bicker.”
“Ugh,” said the boy again, clacking his teeth so fiercely he sent half an incisor skittering across the table.
“Could someone please,” said the 15 year old, voice laced with disgust, “could we just feed…”
“How dare you assail me with your attitude,” said the mother, eyes still locked on her daughter.  “Insolence,” she repeated.
“Ugh,” said the boy.
“Oh my god,” the daughter shrieked.  She reached into the basket and plucked out a mouse.  The boy eyed the squirming rodent with wild eyes.  His sister, untrained in the art of feeding her undead sibling, brought the mouse too close to the boy and with a lunge he got not only the mouse, but the tip of his sister’s index finger.
The table fell silent as the girl brought her finger up to inspect the damage.  A single drop of blood formed on the tip.  “Seriously?” she said.
Within seconds she felt a chill and began to shake.  Her father grabbed the sack from next to his son’s chair and threw it over his daughter’s head.  The girl, beset with tremors and growing dim of mind, felt other hands about her, clutching her arms and legs as she writhed.   Lashed to a chair, her fevered brain succumbing to the never-ending hunger of the undead, the girl heard her brother utter the last words she’d ever understand, her final Christmas benediction:
“Father,” he said, “we’re going to need more mice.”

