JEANBLEAU AND THE PUMPKIN PRINCESS
Jeanbleau and the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth!
By
Lawrence Caldwell

Book One in the Jeanbleau and the Pumpkin Princess Series

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © Lawrence Caldwell, 2021

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell
AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Trials on the Isle of Morr
Knight of Aevalin
Errant Adventurer
Kingdom of the Blue Dragon
THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy
ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever
THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician
PARADISE
Icon of Paradise
HOUSE OF GATES
BOOK ONE: A Grand Summons
JEANBLEAU AND THE PUMPKIN PRINCESS
Jeanbleau and the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth!
OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

“…but her lovely bouncing charms command a drawing of the eye, revealing ‘them’ as unwitting buffoons in the presence of her divinely inspired beauty. Surely this must have been planned by the gods all along?!”—Proverb from the Book of Chibusa

Prologue—“Au revoir mes chéris!”
With his most powerful cry, Uji lashed out at the mauldryn and his blade hit the monster square in the chest. The mauldryn spasmed in an eerie cry lamenting its second death as its dried and cracked bones crumbled into dust.
"Haha!" he laughed triumphantly. "Marseilles, did you see to that?"
"I did!" she answered just before losing a shaft at a second of the undead monsters. It connected square into the monsters hollow eye socket where a green ghostly glow of something within peered out with hunger and malice.
"And what about me?"
Uji glanced up the hill where Morrs was trudging through the calf high grass. "Not saving anything for me, I see!" His last few words came out stressed, the final of which he bellowed as his sword arced behind his shoulder. He flew over the grass, one knee bent forward while his other leg remained outstretched behind him.
The grass parted in a woosh! as his body surged toward past Marseilles. Morrs screamed, arced his blade and cried out just as he slammed his sword through the mauldryn's head and body, turning the monster into a falling pile of shattered bones and dust.
Morrs whirled on his heel as he tested the flat of his wide blade over his shoulder. He smirked.
"Show off," Uji said sullenly.
Just then the ground broke in multiple places, the aged and decrepit headstones and obelisks from this ancient graveyard—now no more than a lonely field of grass and beautiful flowers—turning over to admit these abominations.
"Uh-oh!" Marseilles cried. "There are more!"
"Ha!" Morrs scoffed. "Not to worry, boys and girls." He grunted, exchanging sword blows with the mauldryn.
"Wow," Uji said. "This one's actually making Morrs put up a fight!"
Morrs, grunting with the exertion of battle, said, "Yeah right!"
The mauldryn parried another of his blows and snapped at him with its hand-span-long fangs. Its tail thrashed suddenly, whipping the air with a crack.
Morrs flinched and instantly Uji knew he had been struck. "Marseilles! he cried. "Morrs needs help!"
She turned from another of the boney ruins she had created and shrugged. "Really?!"
"No!" Morrs barked, a small trickle of blood running down his cheek. "I—hnngh!—got this!"
He swung his blade with excessive force, grunting with each strike, and each time the mauldryn parried his blows, all the while gnashing its teeth and whipping its tail about.
Eyes catching the peripheral movements of other monsters, Uji turned his head and saw half a dozen others. Marseilles saw them too and knocked an arrow. "Let's make sure Morrs isn't distracted with that other one. It seems tough!"
Uji nodded. "All right." He lunged forward as Marseilles loosed her arrow. The shaft flitted past him and struck the monster most at the fore, but the arrow didn't penetrate through the bone like the others.
Usually her arrows turned mauldryn to bone meal. Instead, Marseilles’ arrow thudded into the monster, the head sinking to the shaft where thudded as if she had aimed her shot at a dried Sakura branch.
Uji was taken aback and he glanced over his shoulder questioningly. Marseilles looked at him and made a face. "What the hells?!"
Morrs screamed and Uji glanced in his direction as their strongest member bashed his blade over the mauldryn's.
He slammed down again.
Then again. Marseilles loosed an arrow at the monster's back, the impact of her shot barely nudging the skeleton.
With the mauldryn on defense and Marseilles' arrow barely having affected the monster, Uji rushed toward it. Morrs landed several more blows, but each was perfectly blocked, and now Morrs was breathing heavily with exertion.
Not good.
But Uji closed the gap between himself and the mauldryn Morrs was fighting and slashed it across the back.
The feeling he got back on his serrated katana was one resembling an experience much like trying to lop a log in two in one hit.
The mauldryn snarled and turned, and that's when Morrs screamed, arcing his blade as magical wisps of blue-black magic left trails behind his blade.
He struck the skeleton in the shoulder from behind, his sword sinking down to its hip bone. With green vaporous eyes of hate-filled rage, the skeleton monster thrashed as Morrs kicked it in the back. He used his boot to slide the skeleton off where it flailed to the ground.
"Watch out!" Marseilles called, and she loosed three arrows at the other five approaching monsters in quick succession.
Her arrows had little effect.
Morrs grunted heavily with contempt as he cut down with his sword in an overhead stroke, severing more bones and turning the mauldryn before him and Uji into a writhing pile of shuttering splinters.
"Ha! Morrs cried. "I got you!" Then he glanced up at Uji and Marseilles. "I got him! Guys! They're easy too..."
But the words died in his throat as five more monsters ambled forward. Uji nodded. "They're all strong!"
Marseilles was backing away from them. "Well," she said, sounding to Uji like she was slightly short of breath—or was she afraid? "I suppose we could run!"
"We're not running!" Morrs declared and stepped forward. Uji watched him as the breeze cooled his sweat-soaked brow. He turned to Marseilles. The pale and eerie moonlight put a glow on her golden hair that made her look like a spectral spirit.
With five more monsters, Uji thought the party could take them. He moved, distracting the next closest mauldryn.
"Aim for the eyes!" Morrs commanded as he lashed out at the skeleton.
Uji stepped back as the monsters bony tail clacked with an almost wooden sound as it whipped and thrashed at him. The deadly sharp and serrated edges nearly came into contact with him, but Uji paired the strike with his curved blade.
Circling around with deft steps, Morrs came behind the malicious monster and jumped. With a short cry, his body whirling around as his sword left trails in its wake. The skeleton snared, stumbled forward from the impact.
Uji took this opportunity to step forward and slash the skeleton over the top of the head. Shaking and stumbling, Morrs grunted loudly as he brought his huge blade down over its back where its shoulder plate disconnected.
"I got one!" Marseilles shouted. "I hit it square in the eye just like you said, Morrs!"
As Morrs laughed excitedly Uji didn't turn to address her. He was occupied delivering a flurry of sharp blows to the stunned and damaged skeleton.
Unlike Morrs, Uji's blade style was based more on precise slashes with an incredibly light razor sharp blade, while Morrs relied upon strength, heavy damaging blows and magical destruction.
With a final shout of exertion, Uji delivered one final flurry, his blade whirring so fast as to be nearly invisible to lower level adventurers below his own level twelve status.
Leaving off, Uji regarded the skeleton for a moment and Morrs said, "You chipped it out of commission!"
"Hmph!” Uji noised matter-of-factly as Morrs moved off toward the last two skeletons.
As Uji glanced after him, Marseilles loosed another arrow. It flitted through the air and hit the leading skeleton in the mouth.
The monster convulsed once with a chittering cry before cutting the arrow away.
"Ha!" Morrs called, his hands visibly tightening over his long sword hilt.
"Wait, Morrs!"
He turned. "Why?"
"Because I want another shot at this cocky bag of bones!"
Uji grinned wryly. "'Bag'?"
She knocked her arrow. "You know what I mean."
Marseilles raised her now and drew. All was silent save for that incessant clacking and chittering.
When she loosed the arrow it cut the air audibly and slammed into the skeleton's eye socket.
With a final jerk and convulsion, the green lights in the monster's eyes dimmed, then exploded. Its arms slammed outward as it went rigid and finally fell to the ground in pieces.
"Very good!" Uji said.
"And that's how an arrow is shot," Marseilles added quietly with a nod.
Morrs, looking back at Marseilles and Uji tilted his chin down once. Then he said, "Let's finish this!"
"Right!" Marseilles said and knocked another arrow.
Uji looked on, feeling that any danger these higher level mauldryn presented was now over.
Glancing back, his eyes widened when he realized there were now dozens of them!
"Look out!" he warned. "There are more!"
"What?!" Marseilles exclaimed. "How did so many come up so quickly?"
"It doesn't matter!" Morrs said, then he jerked his gaze toward the close-by mauldryn, tweaked his grip and ran.
"HuuAAAAHHH!"—he jumped high into the air with his massive blade hanging low being his back, his arms positioned over his head—"HIIIYAAAHH!"
Magic exploded as Morrs slammed into the mauldryn blade first, his body curled into a tense form of muscular power intent on one thing—destruction.
The mauldryn didn't even cry out. Its body split, it's bones shattering away with the soil and grass as Morrs put a small ravine into the ground.
Uji squinted as he shielded his face with the crook of his arm while hot debris rained down all around them.
Marseilles straightened and looked on. "Power," Uji proclaimed solemnly. "He is the only one of us truly fit to battle at this level."
Morrs' blade wisped with trailes of burnt magical smoke.
"There are too many," Uji added.
Morrs dragged his blade across the dirt as it made a thick metalic sound. Then he shouldered the weapon with a cocky smirk.
Uji realized Marseilles was grinning, the look on her face bespoke more than surprise or being impressed as her eyes wandered about the strong swordsman's features.
She had never looked at Uji that way—not that it mattered. It was a simple observation.
More mauldryn burst out of the ground in front of then. There were eight of them, with as many more coming up.
"Where are they all coming from?" Morrs said musingly. "This graveyard is far too sparse for this many."
The sound of a stone slab ground through the ancient graveyard.
"I think we're about to get our answer," Marseilles said, her tone heavy.
Uji saw the fear in her eyes as he glanced on at the tombs on the hill. Then, looking around, he saw that they were completely surrounded. "How do we get out?!"
Morrs said nothing, but when Uji saw him swallow, fear roiled up from his knotted stomach, making him feel sick.
"Look," Marseilles said as she pointed at a thick knot of the skeletons.
Uji regarded them, saw a taller skeleton ambling forward, but it was obscured from the others surrounding it.
"What is happening?!" Morrs snapped as he took the back of his blade off his shoulder and lowered the weapon where the tapered spade-like end rested in the dirt.
Uji stepped forward so he was closer to the others. "We might be able to cut a path through the where they're thinnest "
Marseilles looked about "They aren't thin anywhere!" she spat. "We... we should have left here when we had the chance."
Uji sighed heavily. "Perhaps you are right, Marseilles." He repositioned his blade so that the hilt was more comfortable in his hand.
"We aren't going to make it out," she breathed.
Uji jerked his head toward her, a fright travelling up his spine.
She's right!
As the thought enveloped his mind, the mauldryn parted, recoiling away from another skeleton. This one was taller, broader and with thicker limbs.
On its head rested a golden crown encrusted with a red ruby, and in its boney grip was a sword at least twice the length of Uji's.
A boss, Morrs breathed.
"I told you we should have never come here!" Marseilles whined.
Morrs glanced back as the skeleton ambled toward them, the knots of mauldryn surrounding them having now formed a tighter line at least twenty deep.
It was an army.
"It's at least level twenty," Morrs breathed. "They weren't supposed to be this high level—none of them! THEY WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO BE THIS HIGH LEVEL!!!"
"Get a hold of yourself!" Uji growled through his teeth.
Marseilles laughed, but it was of bitterness, not mirth. "Why?" She sauntered toward Uji. "We can't beat them."
"IT’S NOT SUPPOSED TO BE THIS WAY!!!" Morrs cried and slammed his sword into the ground.
The mauldryn champion ambled forward, its teeth gnashing and green eyes glowing brightly and maliciously.
Marseilles snarled and drew her bow. She only aimed for a moment before shooting her arrow at the champion's head. 
Her arrow was batted aside like a dart of folded washi paper.
She made a noise of contemptuous disbelief. The mauldryn champion bent low, its arms outstretched and its sword gleaming in the moonlight. It opened its maw and howled.
The knot of fear and bile in Uji' s stomach was too much. He leaned over and retched, then righted himself as quickly as possible. Retaking his straight and stiff-backed stance, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand while his other was held low, the point of his sword angled downward toward the grass.
"Even if we cannot win," he said, noting his own shamefully quavering voice, "we must fight!"
My only regret is that I cannot live to see you, Yani... One last time.
"Fine!" Morrs snapped. "Then let's get this over with!" He turned to Marseilles for a moment.
They seemed to share a silent moment between them as glint rolled down her cheek. Then Morrs looked at Uji and nodded.
He returned the gesture to his friend who was the strongest of their party.
Marseilles said, "I'm glad it's with you two."
Nodding strongly, Uji looked at them both. "Hai!"
Morrs screamed, lunged forward as Marseilles loosed quick arrows at the champion. Uji narrowed his eyes and sprinted forward, jumped into the air as Morrs exchanged several strikes with the skeleton, their swords glinting in the pale light of the moon.
A fine night to die on!
With a heavy grunt Morrs was shunted out of sight. Uji screamed as he pulled his arms down with as much might as possible.
He screamed and everything seemed to slow.
His blade connected!
The champion glanced up with green eyes past where Uji's sword had been stopped against its marble-hard forearm.
Oh no...
The skeleton pushed Uji's blade aside and then brought it's knuckled grip into his stomach.
Everything blurred as he was thrown away. He thought he heard someone scream his name as something hit his back.
Or had he hit something else?
All was a whirl and blur of kimono sleeves, grass and night sky as he grunted end over end.
When his body stopped, Uji found that he posessed no will to move, despite the fact that his hurts, though throbbing and aching, were lesser than what he had sustained during the worst of times.
"UJI!" Marseilles called.
Morrs grunted. Some sword strikes were exchanged, but when Marseilles screamed in horror, Uji knew Morrs had been beaten.
Something thumped next to him and Mors grunted again. "Gah!"
"Are you all right?"
Uji found the urge to move, if only so that he could see his friends one last time.
He rolled over. "Hnngh!"  The smell of fresh grass and damp dirt filled his nose. Even these scents reminded him he would never smell them again—at least not on this world.
"Are you okay?" Marseilles said, her tone one of caring as she held Morrs over both shoulders.
He took her by the neck and pulled her close and they shared a kiss.
Uji glanced away. "I'm right here..."
They looked at him with irritation and he shrugged, gesturing for them to continue.
Grunting loudly and using his knee for a hand support, Uji stood and trudged away from them. Glancing about, the mauldryn were still holding tightly to their encirclement, their ranks far too thick for any of them to think about jumping over—and fighting through would be all but impossible.
The mauldryn champion stood tall and smacked the broad side of his sword. Uji nodded. "Yes, yes!" he said, annoyed as he waved a hand at his executioner. Under his breath he muttered, "I don't see why we're even going through this farce. Just kill us already, because the wait is more unbearable than the prospect of our actual deaths!”
A wisp of light appeared from out of nowhere and Uji came up short. So did the mauldryn champion. When the monster looked at him questioningly, Uji shrugged.
The ball of magic swelled and became oval in shape—"What the...?"—the inner portion darkening and collapsing.  
"Uhhh!" Uji noised, motioning to Morrs and Marseilles. "I think something is happening!"
They rushed up beside him and in hand and Marseilles wiped her cheek. "Is this a—"
But she was cut off when the interior collapsed completely, revealing two figures beyond.
Morrs yanked Marseilles forward. "It's a portal!"
"What?!" Uji howled with surprise and excitement.  
"Come on!" Morrs screamed, but Uji saw him come up short as two figures within appeared.
The man in front was such that Morrs quickly moved aside as he appeared, followed by a beautiful woman in provocative black leather and a wide-brimmed and pointed hat.
Uji's eyes were wide and he suddenly took in a deep breath of much needed air.
The portal closed and the mauldryn champion behind snarled its displeasure, along with his lessers as they all chittered and howled, their eyes blazes of hate and fury.
The man who came through was wearing a heavy leather jacket, his sword gleaming with powerful energy that Morrs could hardly match.
Moving a lock of his brown hair out of his eyes, the man seemed to barely see their party of three, his eyes scanning the horizon of monsters—though briefly. Almost absently he said, "You did it again..."
"No," the smiling blue-eyed woman added. "It was my will that we come here this night."
The man said nothing as he seemed to see Uji and the others for the first time, his eyes studying them quickly. "Are you well?"
"We—" Uji began, but Marseilles interrupted.
"We need help!" she cried, taking a single step further. "These monsters are above our level."
Morrs glanced at his hand grasping the large hilt of his sword.
The stranger—the man—glanced at the woman, who was now standing beside him.
Uji was taken aback. Either these newcomers were dangerously oblivious, or they were at such ease as to behave as though army of mauldryn and their champion were nothing more than encircling trees!
"Do you see?" the woman asked. "It was intentional, my love."
The man's mouth quirked into a hidden smile. "Very well," he said. Then to Uji—at least Uji thought the man was speaking to him--he added, "We'll clear these for you."
He noted the word "these" as if the army before them were no more than annoying patches of grass standing in their way.
Yes, these two are top-tier adventurers.
Uji found himself smiling. With a nod he said, "Arigatou!" and bowed.
The man stepped past them and drew his sword.
"Wait!" Marseilles said. "The champion is behind you!"
"Not to worry, dear," the woman said. Then she withdrew a wand of gnarled wood with a white crystal planted at the top. She moved her body with a dancer's grace and traced runes of glowing magic in the air, her fingers hitting unseen objects that created musical notes. She then thrust her wand up into the air as she kicked one heel back.
"Ipthum re esso cucurbita plume!"
Her wand brightened and a plume of purple magic shot into the sky. The snarling and chittering undead looked at it, their howling increasing in pitch and intensity.
Uji's eyes went wide as the purple plume of magic separated into a dozen other plunes. They arced into the sky and the magic swelled.
"It's coming back!" Marseilles exclaimed.
The woman smiles. "Well of course it is." She gestured with an open palm. "How else do we kill all these monsters with as little work as possible, sweetie?"
Despite the woman calling Marseilles "sweetie" she was hardly any older.
The monsters reacted to her words.
"I think they heard you," Morrs said.
"Hmph!"
The mauldryn became visibly agitated and there lines were increasing in jaggedness as their members started inching into the open space.
"Look again," the blue-eyed woman said.
Uji glanced up and what he saw made him frown with confusion. He saw...
"Pumkins?" Morrs asked skeptically.
"Oh my gods!" Marseilles cried.
"What is it?" Uji asked, his hand still on his hilt. He was confused about how these two were intending to kill this many mauldryn.
Looking up again, the pumpkins with their glowing interiors landed on the ground and bounced about.
The mauldryn went feral and began striking at them as they all chittered and howled as one.
"Now the good part," the woman said with a giggle.
The pumpkins started spinning and hopping as purple luminescent magic spiraled out of them, the wisps of smoke enclosed by greasy black vapor.
The mauldryn jumped and howled, many of them charging forward as they realized they were under attack.
Marseilles screamed as hundreds of them came in to mail them as their name suggested.
Uji tensed as he lifted his blade for a final fight!
The woman—she must have been crazy because she was still unaffected—said, "Aaaand..."
She raised her finger 
Everyone save for the two insane newcomers screamed.
The sorceress flicked her finger. "Et voilà!"
The pumpkins burst into balls of hot red flame, the magic they had spread catching like fire oil as the horde of mauldryn howled and burned, the smell of charred bone all in the air.
They all coughed and waved their hands away, save for the two newcomers.
Upon seeing the mauldryn in heaps—all gone and dealt with—his mouth dropped open.
Morrs was clearly thoroughly impressed and Marseilles smiled ear to ear. "You're the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth!"
"None other, sweet thing."
"Oh," Uji said.
"Not just 'oh' you sword wielding barbarians! This woman is an adventuring legend!" She whirled and pointed at the man who was gazing off into the distance. "And you, sir! You're—"
Uji's eyes widened when he heard the mauldryn champion growl. "One more!" he shouted and raised his sword.
As Uji glanced back at the others, he saw them whirl—all but the man, who was gone. When he swung his eyes back around, Marseilles and Morrs shouted.
Bones were falling from the sky as the man bent forward, his sword arm outstretched at the end of the strike Uji had missed.
"Power..." Morrs muttered.
The man stood and sheathed his blade.
"Hmph," the woman noised with satisfaction. "Now the rest of you baby adventurers be more careful from now on, oui?”
She tipped her gnarled wand and opened another portal. Stepping in, she turned on her tall stiletto heel and tipped the rim of her hat off to them "Au revoir mes chéris!”
The man followed. "Another mystery location?"
"Of course," the princess said with a smile.
As the portal closed, the man nodded to the group of adventurers and then they were gone.
They stood in silence and awe. Though his reaction had been simple, and quite honestly rather dumb, Uji was well aware of who Amélie Montillier, the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth was.
And he was also aware of—
Morrs breathed out heavily and pushed his hair out of his eyes. "That sword master was—"
"Jeanbleau de Parise," Marseilles finished for him.
"Also known as the Evil Adventurer," Uji added. 
Marseilles nodded. "So... Amélie Montillier, the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth, and Jeanbleau de Paris, the Evil Adventurer. They saved us!"
"Surely they have better things to do," Uji suggested.
"Like battling otherworld demons in the heavens," Morrs added.
Marseilles shook her head as a wry smile touched her lips. "They saved us!"
"None of our friends will believe a word of this," Morrs said.
They all regarded one another. Together the party laughed aloud in the night.

Chapter One—Jeanbleau de Parise en Ōkina Basho
Standing with shoulders held high, he said not a word as his sentence was pronounced upon him. The crowd looked on with a mixture of disgust, hostility, vulgar curiosity and even some with a measure of sympathy.
“For your crimes, Jeanbleau de Parise, you are hereby stripped of your noble title, of all lands and knighthoods. You are disgraced and without home or honor. You are to be hereby executed immediately—save should you choose exile to the lands of Ōkina Basho where you will report to the local adventurer’s guild where you will adventure in the name of Ribeauvillé, and by extension, Machezelle. What say you?”
Jeanbleau looked at the high magistrate—a withered old man with a hawkish nose, narrow eyes and without empathy. His cranky demeanor bespoke his inability to defecate regularly.
The man about to be sentenced scanned the crowd, searching for his friends and allies. His family had not come—had been too ashamed or too cowardly to appear before all these noble lords and ladies looking down on Jeanbleau de Parise with awe and contempt.
“I choose…”—the onlookers quieted—“I choose Ōkina Basho.”
Members of the jury stood and booed, shouting angrily that his sentence was too lenient, while others bellowed at their objecting in defense of Jeanbleu. For this he was grateful that at least not all of the crowd had a searing distaste and hatred for him.
“Kill him!” a red faced gentleman in his middle years screamed.
“Be quiet, you fool! Don’t you think his punishment is enough?” another retorted as he glared at the man and waved his arms in frustration.
A woman cupped her hands around her mouth and to all the jury proclaimed, “The punishment does not fit the crime!”
“SILENCE!” the high magistrate screamed, his face reddening as a purple vain stood out on his forehead. His gavel was made ample use of as he repeatedly hammered to no avail.
Heart pounding, Jeanbleau had just narrowly escaped execution and now he was to be exiled to a barbarous land far to the east where warmongering savages intermingled with monsters to breed inhuman abominations of horror and disgust awaited him.
To know he would be out there, adventuring in the name of his country, and not dead—his family probably wished the latter, as it would have simply put an abrupt end to the scandal they were so eager to avoid as far as they could—gave him some tiny measure of hope. But it also filled him with a whole new dread.
With a practiced grin, Jeanbleu de Parise—once of a noble family of high lineage and prestige, was now a pauper, exile and cast off.
But at least his family would continue to suffer for not supporting him in his trial.
And then be burst out laughing like a maniacal murderer who had just escaped justice. It was not generally his manner to act so, but in his exultant state of having missed death, and at this wonderful opportunity to wheedle at his family’s good name forever more, pleased him greatly.
It was not moments later that the guards who had hauled him into the magisterium hours before, clapped hands upon him again—to take him to his dank cell, no doubt.
Jeanbleau attempted to hear what the High Magistrate was saying regarding his remanding to the proper authorities. They would transport him to his new home in exile. The jury’s eruption swelled to even new heights after his outburst. 
Luckily for him, he had not been married—had sired no children. Though he had lost everything, he lost everything but the most precious thing in his possession—his life.
The travel was horrible and all the while Jeanbleau was followed about by his guards, who enjoyed remanding him to his final destination even less than he did. The rains of early autumn were constant.
Each night Jeanbleau went to sleep with a chill, his clothes damp from the incessant moisture. They had travelled like this for some time, stopping only to provision the wagon or sleep for the night.
Often they slept on the side of road, but sometimes on a good night—and these were the good nights—a farmer would agree to allow them to sleep in his hay loft. The straw was often dry and comfortable—which said a lot in comparison to the hard cobbles of the wet roads.
This travel persisted for over two months until they had reached the Embrum Mountains. The passes were cold, and though a frost had not yet arrived in the night, Jeanbleau at times thought he might lose a finger to the cold.
“Can’t feel my toes,” Sir De Shan said.
He was one of Jeanbleau’s guards—an angry fellow at least ten years his senior. But Ballzac, the younger guard, nearer to Jeanbleau’s own age and of a noble house of some small repute, had treated him well and had—in a way as may befit prisoner and his jailor—become his friend, to the utter rankling of De Shan, his demeanor of which was rarely one of good-naturedness.
But even so, whenever De Shan was not about—when he was pissing in the bushes or out on some errand, such as when they had gotten lost in the pass of the Longuire, Ballzac had turned to him with things to say, questions and a general air of friendliness.
Perhaps it was because he did not receive that companionship from his dour ally Sir De Shan. But even so, that time had mostly passed.
Mostly, because they had come out of the mountains and into the port town of Kordier where they boarded a ship across the Bleau Sea and in another two weeks had reached the warm straights of the mer peoples—though Jeanbleau saw no mer peoples at all.
The troll’s teeth had been worrying. It was a relatively thin stretch of waters covering the southern coast just off of Ōkina Basho. But after sailing through these turbulent straights where rocks jutting up—like dull troll’s teeth filed at the points—they had landed in Braseille where they had wasted no time in taking horse and wagon up the mountain roads in the direction of their destination city, Ribeauvillé.
The weather was far different here. The sun was out more, the weather was generally warmer and less rainy, though a chill still persisted.
Jeanbleau wondered if there wasn’t some magic at work. These lands were far too mild in temperament.
In the fields, wonderful flowers covered the ground as the mountains climbed farther north along the road, their peaks often obscured by white and grey mists.
It was now that Jeanbleau and his two guards had stopped for lunch and were pleasantly devouring a meal of tasty but strange vegetables called bamboo, drizzled with fried pork fat. With that they also had rice—a common food in their own country, though this had a strangely pungent and salty flavor to it—and of course, fish, cooked over the open fire.
Braseille was abundant with fresh fish, and what’s more it was cheap! Jeanbleau suspected his guards, but more particularly De Shan, were saving most of the funds given them to escort Jeanbleau to his place of exile—which was here—with a plan to pocket the remainder.
No, Jeanbleau decided. Ballzac has no idea. 
Too green.
“I am ready to be done with this!” De Shan complained. “Almost three months of travel and we’re barely getting paid.”
“But the hills here in Ōkina Basho are nice,” Ballzac said brightly.
Jeanbleau glanced about and nodded. They were quite nice—beautiful, actually.
“Perhaps your exile won’t be so terrible after all,” Ballzac continued.
De Shan grunted skeptically, though Jeanbleau was unsure how much contempt was laden in that grunt. He didn’t seem to bear any special ill will toward Jeanbleau, other than the ill will that it was he who was making De Shan’s existence a miserable one—a matter of which Jeanbleau could not change and neither did he attempt to use logical explanation to change De Shan’s mind.
With that sort of low brow intelligence, any explanation would surely set the man even further against Jeanbleau.
No, he had allowed Ballzac to ease De Shan’s bad tempers.
A chill breeze seeped into Jeanbleau’s tunic and he shivered at the fire. He put his hands forward, enjoying the warm heat of the crackling flames. Over the fire boiled water for tea. Sir Ballzac got up and added the dried leaves before pouring himself and Jeanbleau a cup.
He drank it gratefully.
Jeanbleau did not have particularly sturdy clothes. He would need to buy some, and had kept safe his tiny pouch of gold coins the High Magistrate had allowed him to retain, since it was the general understanding that one exiled into an adventurer’s life must actually do adventuring.
And without equipment, one could adventure so far as to die from the first would-be attacker.
This told Jeanbleau that his old country of Machezelle was serious about sending adventurers to this waste. He had grown up hearing stories about Ōkina Basho—about how vile and barbarous these lands were, and how the Kokumin had to be stopped from overtaking this land.
Machezelle and the Kokumin had arrived in these previously untamed lands centuries ago, had fought and had died, expending their resources and manpower until neither side had anymore wish to fight.
The territory of Ōkina Basho was declared a neutral zone with control of Ribeauvillé left in the hands of the Machezellians and Kita-ku Shinai left to the Kokumin. In their tongue, Jeanbleau had heard that the words “Kita-ku shinai” literally meant “Northward City.”
He quaffed his hot tea, burning his tongue and throat a little, but Jeanbleau didn’t care. The warmth filled him and took the chill away.
“Now that we’re done,” De Shan said as he gestured to all their plates and pots, “you can clean this up so we can be on our way. I’m well ready to be rid of you.”
“And I am well ready to be rid of you as well,” Jeanbleau said.
De Shan glanced up at him, his eyes widened. “What did you just say?!”
Ballzac laughed nervously and added, “I am certain he only means that he is ready to be on his way. It has been a long journey. I only regret that Jeanbleau will have arrived at his final destination while we, Sir De Shan must travel all the way back to Machezelle.” He chuckled again nervously to cap off his attempt to deescalate what he must have perceived to be a scuffle in the making. 
Sir De Shan, a heavyset knight with multiple chins, sat back down, but then after a moment he gestured jerkily toward Jeanbleau and spat, “We could leave you here for dead and no one would be the wiser.”
Cleaning the plates with water and sand they had brought back from Braseille, Jeanbleau decided not to make further comment. He had decided that Ballzac was correct—that he was almost arrived at his final destination, unlike them.
Perhaps the surly knight, Sir De Shan, had a reason for his quick temper and ill manner during the whole of this trip.
He glanced off over the hills as he scraped the dishes and thought back to three months before. Jeanbleau had been terrified at first as they set out on their journey to reach Ōkina Basho. But the alternative, he did not forget, was in fact, death. Death was forever on this physical plane of existence—or at least, as far as Jeanbleau knew. He wasn’t an unreligious man.
The gods and goddesses had seen fit to set forth all of creation, but probably only because they were bored in their otherworldly existence. The life of those on this world was rich and fascinating, filled with gold and turmoil and war.
An interesting place to be sure.
But those were matters far too complex and unknowing for Jeanbleau to worry about. His worry was for the here and now, and as he had contemplated on his dread of this supposedly awful place, the beautiful morning with its sunshine, fragrant fields of flowers and a promise of a new beginning—even if not one he would have chosen for himself—a kind of curiosity and anticipation had taken the place of his fear.
In fact, Jeanbleau might have gone gone so far as to say he was excited for what was to come. But he was yet to make a decision, as he had not seen Ōkina Basho by any extent yet.
With everything packed and in the wagon, De Shan and Ballzac got up on the seat while Jeanbleau moved toward the back of the wagon, but before he could get in, Ballzac lifted his head, and in a slightly alarmed fashion, said, “Do you hear that?”
“What?” De Shan asked. “I hear nothing!”
“No, listen.”
He did as he was instructed by the younger knight, though not without a sense of annoyance that Jeanbleau could see on his older features. “Hmm. You are right. Then en garde we shall be. Jeanbleau?”
“I will watch for any signs of—“
A rabble of pikes crested the hill of flowers to their left.
“I see them!” Ballzac cried. 
Sir De Shan turned. “Yes,” he said gruffly. “And they are headed this way. What a discordant knot of barbarous creatures indeed. Ballzac, with haste!” 
“Oui!” he cried, and smacked the reigns against the horse. The animal whinnied, kicked and the wagon began to nosily trundle across the bumpy road as the creatures De Shan had spotted from his standing position atop the seat had come into view more fully.
They were short, armored and bedraggled with ripped cloth and shattered armor. They jumped about as they strode, their bodies angled to the side. Their weapons pumped up and down—none of which matched any kind of uniformity of purpose or organization.
A rabble as De Shan had called them.
And they were moving fast, at least twenty of them. As they caught up to the wagon, De Shan cried for Ballzac to increase their speed.
The poor young knight must have been straining his muscles as he lifted his armored arms and flicked his wrists down over and over. And that would be nothing compared to getting mauled by these little heathens.
A thrill and a fear crawled up Jeanbleau’s spine. Should these creatures catch them—Jeanbleau had no weapons from which to defend himself.
As he was jolted and jounced about inside the back of the wagon, he searched for any means to possible protect himself with and spotted the thickly-metaled black skillet atop Ballzac’s pack. 
He bent, was jounced from a particularly high rock in the path and fell on his side, pushing his palm out to catch himself. Without armor, he was able to keep himself righted with one arm relatively easily as he attempted to untie the skillet, which was fasted by way of the oval hole inside the handle, a frayed twine of rough rope holding it there.
“Faster!” De Shan cried. “Faster, or they will catch us!”
With all the bouncing, Jeanbleau could not untie the skillet, so instead he grasped it by the handle and ripped it free. Just as he did so, Ballzac bellowed something he did not want to hear.
“More on the ridge!”
“Damnation!” De Shan cursed angrily. “Whatever you do—DO NOT STOP THE WAGON!”
Jeanbleau watched as—even in his breastplate, De Shan stood from the seat and swiveled backward so his feet came into the back of the wagon. He pulled his sword free from its sheath and glanced at the skillet.
He said nothing about that weapon in Jeanbleau’s hand because he must have known that should they be attacked, all three of them would necessarily need to fight to escape this small horde of green-skinned goblins.
“Ahhh!” Ballzac screamed. “They are fanning out into the road, Sir De Shan!”
“Do not stop!” the older knight shouted as he turned to the younger. Then turning back to Jeanbleau, he said, “Are you ready to fight?”
Jeanbleau nodded.
Though up until now he had been a noble, he was not unaccustomed to handling weapons or even fighting in armed conflicts. But without the family honor guard, a battle would be far different than what he was used to. Especially since the fighting would actually reach within length of his sword!
Sir De Shan growled. “Here they come!” He turned and snarled some epithet that Jeanbleau did not catch clearly as he held onto the lip of the wagon with his right hand and swung down with his sword outside of the wagon with his other.
A goblin came up with a short sword and swiped at them, his blade clearly hitting wood as De Shan cut him down amidst the goblin’s wild inhuman cry that came out as more of a snarling shriek.
Jeanbleau’s heart thundered inside his chest and the knot in his stomach prevented him from reacting as best as he might, but like De Shan—who was evidentially a seasoned fighter, and to Jeanbleau’s eyes, impressive—he moved to the other side of the wagon and held his skillet up high.
“Watch out!” De Shan said as another goblin on their right with a pole arm of some kind, stood in the path. “Hit him!”
Ballzac jerked the reigns and the wagon angled over toward that goblin, who must have seen the path of their intent and whirled to run away, but wasn’t fast enough. The wagon jounced and the goblin died underneath with a wet-sounding crunch.
“En garde!” De Shan said. “Archer!”
Instead of ducking like De Shan, Jeanbleau swung his skillet like a fool, the arrow clinking loudly off of the metal.
When De Shan stood back up, he glanced at Jeanbleau with a wide-eyed stare that said “luck” and shrugged. Truly, it had been an accident, but the knight didn’t know that.
They crested the hill, the wagon bouncing so badly Jeanbleau was concerned they might lose a wheel and then become stranded to be swarmed from all sides.
But what came into view was a tall structure with blue tiles on the roof. 
Many roofs, as there were multiple levels that climbed high into the sky with overhanging eaves as the hills that quickly fell away as they crested them, revealed. The edges of the roofs curved up strangely and in the fields half a dozen men dressed in robes with curved swords sprinted through the grass, their blades held high with their hilts close to chests.
One of the warriors came into the road and put his hand up. Ballzac pulled on the reigns and they slowed
“Don’t stop, you fool!” De Shan cried.
But it was too late, the warrior took hold of the horse’s reigns and they were stopped. The man looked up at them. “Where do you come from?” he asked quickly, his language that of Machazelle but with a thick accent.
“What?” Balzac asked, glancing to the older knight, then back to the lead warrior.
“I said, where do you come from?!”
De Shan stammered for a moment and Jeanbleau answered for him. “Braseille!”
The warrior nodded. “You are needed for defense.” He then let go of the reigns and ran after his allies.
Jeanbleau followed him with his gaze as the discordant horde of goblins crested the hill, screaming and shrieking. One of them beat a drum, though Jeanbleau knew not from where, as he saw no drummer.
He jumped off the wagon, ready to use his skillet as the warriors with curved swords set into the goblins, which were far too spread out to simply attack in a lined formation.
Metal scrapped metal and cries of pain and death went up, though none of them were human. Every single one was a goblin cry, some of which screamed angrily as they pushed past the warriors toward the wagon.
Jeanbleau’s eyes widened.
“Oh my gods!” Ballzac cried, and unsheathed his sword. He jumped off the wagon seat and met the first goblin. He cut it down without even first having to block or parry the filthy creature’s blade.
And they were filthy, as Jeanbleau wrinkled his nose at the small on the wind—like rotting meat and piss.
A goblin came directly for him, screaming and slathering. He jumped back to avoid its blade and then swung the skillet down, keeping the pan angled to the side for a smaller area of impact.
With a loud metallic konk, the goblin convulsed as the shattered piece of metal on its head—some relic of a past war, surely—crunched down over his eyes.
It went down in the path and didn’t move after that.
Jeanbleau stared down at it with wide eyes.
His first kill in this new land.
Sir De Shan lunged forward, taking one goblin, then another as a third came up at his side. “Look out!” Jeanbleau shouted, and rushed the goblin, but it was too late.
De Shan cried out as the goblin struck him across the arm. He grasped at the wound and backed away when Ballzac pushed up and stuck his blade into the attacker’s stomach.
It grunted and died there on the path.
As Jeanbleau glanced up in search for any more goblins, the last vestiges of their party were either retreating back over the hill while being pursued, or were getting cut down over the flowers.
All went quiet as the warriors—clearly Kokumin—called out to one another. None of them had been killed or wounded.
“Are you all right?” Ballzac asked as Sir De Shan inspected his wound.
“Only grazed me—but the blade went right through the leather!” he said angrily. He glanced at Jeanbleau, a look of murder on his face. “Thanks for calling that out.”
He nodded, then his eyes widened when De Shan stalked forward and swung at him.
Jeanbleau dodged the blow and stepped back.
“Next time,” De Shan shouted, “kill the damn thing before it has a chance to drag its damn blade over me!”
“It’s not his fault,” Ballzac said. “He’s our prisoner until we reach Ribeauvillé.”
They were distracted when the warrior who had stopped them before came striding forward, his long mustache fluttering in the breeze as he clenched at his scabbard sticking out of his sash.
“Thank you for your assistance,” Ballzac said, and bowed to the warrior.
Jeanbleau was instantly fascinating with their tribal-like apparel and lack of steel armor. In fact, their robes and sandals were impressive, clean and of high quality cut.
These men were no barbarians.
White socks with sandals, though…
Jeanbleau had been half expecting men on horseback with bows, their armor and cloaks soiled and stinking of monster milk while they grinned with half-rotted teeth filled with gold.
“Yes,” the warrior said with a nod. “But you must be more careful. This outpost is not here for the likes of Mechezellians. Do you understand?”
“Oui!” Ballzac said. “I mean—“
“Next time you can kill them all yourself, De Shan said.”
“And we shall. Now you must leave.”
“Fine!” De Shan spat, and actually bent to spit on the road, though he spat far from the feet of these dangerous-looking warriors who outnumbered them. “Let’s go, Ballzac.”
As De Shan stepped up to the driver’s seat, Jeanbleau moved toward the back of the wagon. The warriors with their blue robes and sandaled feet coalesced together as they moved back toward their outpost atop a rocky cleft in the hill.
By the time Jeanbleau situated himself, he was surprised when De Shan got up from the driver seat and into the back of the wagon. 
He lifted his boot up to Jeanbleau, and he jumped out of the wagon, his eyes wide and his cheeks heating.
Had he meant to strike, Jeanbleu?
“Ballzac!” De Shan called. “Turn us around. We’re going back to Braseille. Without Jeanbleau!”
“But De Shan—“ Ballzac protested, and was fiercely cut off by the other man.
“NO! I said we are going back. We have suffered enough on this damned trip! Rains, storms! AND NOW GOBLINS! No more!”
Jeanbleau narrowed his eyes, feeling quite insulted that he would be expected to make it to Ribeauvillé and without even being allowed to say goodbye to Ballzac.
“You coward!”
“No,” De Shan said. “I’ve had enough.” He grasped the younger knight’s arm. “No more. We are through. Turn around, Ballzac.”
The man up front paused and Jeanbleau stalked up to him. He put out an arm to the sorry-looking young knight. “Thank you,” he said.
Ballzac took his hand and they shook, the way friends would part. “Take care of yourself, Jeanbleau.”
He nodded. “And you. Don’t let this surly old fool push you about.”
Ballzac grinned.
“That’s enough. Ballzac?”
With a sigh, the younger knight nodded. “Oui!”
He turned the wagon about and they trundled back up the hill. Once they were out of sight and the sound of the wagon’s wheels had completely receded, Jeanbleau turned about, glancing at the dirt road, at the patches of white flowers in the fields.
It was only now that he saw pink pedals falling through the air, carried along by the wind from the trees up on the hill behind the Kokumin outpost.
There were more of them out in the fields now, though these were dressed differently. Most of them wore white garments. They spread out, searching for the bodies of the goblins.
They began dragging the dead into a pile where Jeanbleau thought they would probably be burnt.
“Machezellian!”
Jeanbleau turned around. 
“Why did you not go with your friends?”
“They…” He glanced down at his feet, then back up to the man. “They left me here to make it to Ribeauvillé on my own.”
The warrior lifted a quizzical eyebrow.  “It is still half a day away.”
Jeanbleau wanted to snarl out of frustration, but of course he did not—not in front of this man—this warrior. He glanced about, thinking he might take one of the swords left behind by the goblins. At least he would find some small measure of personal safety then.
And on foot, the journey would still be close to half a day, so long as he didn’t slow too often.
With a heavy sigh, the warrior put his hands on his hips. “I am called Akahiro Kota. And these”—he gestured to the others in the field—“are my men.”
“I am lor—“ Jeanbleau cleared his throat. He had almost said “lord.” “I am Jeanbleau de Parise.”
Akahiro nodded with a grunt, a grunt that didn’t sound particularly inviting. “More Machezelian adventurers, I see. I suppose we do have a shortage of adventurers, still…”
“What?” Jeanbleau asked, his eyes widening. “A shortage? Surely you are jesting with me. Do you not mean there are too many here in this place?”
“No,” Akahiro said, shaking his head. “This land—it is a wild place—a dangerous place of monsters and adventurers.” He turned back to Jeanbleau and smiled, that smile one of dark humor. “We’re always in need of more adventurers.”
He seemed to know about Jeanbleau, knew that he was a convicted felon—sent here to Ōkina Basho to become an adventurer—and by his tone, probably die?
Jeanbleau hummed skeptically to himself.
“Now, help us with these stinking bodies,” Akahiro said. Then a smile—a genuine one—appeared on his face. “You must earn your keep, if you are to stay here with us tonight. Come.” He stalked forward and gestured for Jeanbleau to follow. “When we are finished, we will eat a meal and tomorrow I will take you to Ribeauvillé!”
Nodding, Jeanbleau followed, happy for this fortunate turn of luck. But despite that, he was wary, on guard. These Kokumin were supposed to be barbaric by all accounts.
“Thank you,” he finally said and bent down to pick up a dead goblin almost completely obscured by a thick patch of flowers.

Chapter Two—Exile Quest Lvl. 5/Desperate!
The scent of flowers on the wind was invigorating. There was something wholly different about this place then what people back home often swore by. It lacked the barbarity—the dark oppressive trappings—and by his first account with a local who had chosen to help rather than to shun him, it was not a place that was uninviting.
Riding their hoses, Akahiro had picked up his pace and Jeanbleau rode after him. The sun was beginning to turn the skies purple as orange light stretched over the horizon. Akahiro made it to the top of the hill first. He stopped and wheeled his horse around, making himself and the animal backlit with the warm glow of the setting sun.
Jeanbleau stopped his horse as his eyes widened.
“This… is Ribeauvillé,” Akahiro said as he gestured with his hand. It took a moment for Jeanbleau to take it all in. His surprised must have shown on his face, because Akahiro continued. “Is it not impressive?”
He nodded.
Nestled within the outer town was a large bridge crossing the snaking river directly outside of the city walls. The crenellations were interspersed with turrets that climbed high and were capped with pointed roofs of orange tiles.
The city shops and dwellings along the river were densely packed with townsfolk going about their business. On the road was a long line of people waiting to get into the city at the gate. One large structure with its plastered walls and shimmering windows looked to be a tavern of some kind.
“It is,” Jeanbleau said with a nod. “It is very impressive.” He realized the most amazing feature of Ribeauvillé was in fact, the castle perched atop the hill with a second wall of well-constructed bricks. The fortress was sleek with high turrets, slanted eves and pinions fluttering in the wind. The flags were a bluish-grey with an elongated blue triangle design. Atop that rested an orange lion.
“This is where I leave you, Jeanbleau.”
He glanced at the other man and nodded. “Thank you for helping me.” Jeanbleau then got off the horse he had borrowed.
“I would allow you to keep the animal, but we need them for our work in keeping the land clear of raiding goblins and other… undesirable villains.”
“You have helped me enough already, Akahiro. Merci—I mean—thank you for your assistance.” He handed the samurai his reigns. 
The warrior then nodded, wheeled his horse and took the road leading to the west of the city. Perhaps he had some other business to attend to nearby.
Taking in a deep breath, Jeanbleau glanced about the rolling hills, the farms and the dirt and cobbled roads cutting through them. A chill wind blew in from the south, flanked by black storm clouds as the flowers in the fields swayed.
In the distance a farmer and his workers tended to their wheat crop. Jeanbleau felt at his cloak for the little pouch of gold coins he had been allowed to keep—his last possessions from his old life.
Without Sirs De Shan and Ballzac to escort him to the guild house from which he was to sign on as an adventurer at the behest of Ribeauvillé, he was now effectively a free man.
And perhaps he would have gone his own way, but Jeanbleau did not know the inner workings concerning the law. Perhaps his name and date of arrival was known to the city. 
If he left now, what would stop him from being caught eventually? His sentence had been death, except unless he had chosen exile as an adventurer—which Jeanbleau quite obviously had.
He stepped forward, making for the outer town of Ribeauvillé. He was to report to the Ribeauvillé Adventurer’s Guild where he would become a member, not by choice, but by edict.
As he strode down the cobbled street he felt at the goblin short sword at his side. At least he had some manner of protection. As an exile Jeanbleau knew that no one would be there to greet him or to assist him if any difficulties presented themselves.
It is no matter.
He was a capable man, not unknown to a life of adventure—if even only a nobleman’s life of “adventure.” 
Whatever that was.
Entering the tavern, he found an assortment of townsfolk, farmers and knights carousing about as a bard fiddled a somber tune. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the dim environment.
One on side of the common room a fire crackled and in the corners were brightly lit braziers with hot coals. No one seemed to take notice of his arrival, which was a good sign.
And then Jeanbleau’s eye caught a peculiar sight and his eyes widened. There was a man at the bar with trousers and a tunic of rough-spun material, atop which was a leather vest of armor.
But that wasn’t what had startled Jeanbleau. It was the red-brown tail flicking about lazily behind him.  He had heard of demihumans before, but he had never seen one back in Machezelle.
Stepping forward warily, he came up to the bar next to the cat person and tried not to be seen glancing in his direction.
If his pets back home could stand on two legs and speak, would it be like this?
The innkeeper, a pretty young girl with dark hair came to him. “What would you like, traveller?”
Jeanbleau glanced at the fabric covering his arms, wondering if it was so apparent that he wasn’t from Ribeauvillé. She looked at him expectantly. “Ale,” he said. “Please.”
With a nod she poured him a pint of ail and slid it over the counter, which was smooth as marble from constant use, the top rubbed free of most of the dark paint. 
Distracted by the deep crevasse—like a landform, Jeanbleau took up his ale mug and drunk a large gulp.
“Hey!” the innkeeper said with an indignant glare. “You have to pay for that.”
“Oh—“ Jeanbleau said hurriedly and glanced to his left where he met eyes with the cat person—those large yellow orbs with black slits putting him on sudden edge. “Uh... Of course!”
He drew out his coin purse and searched within for silver. It was mostly gold. Eventually he found one and clanked it over the bar table under the reproachful gaze of the young innkeeper with the massive bust.
Jeanbleau doubted this was her place. Perhaps she was the young wife of the owner, or the daughter even. 
“Machezelle Silver Mark, eh?”
Jeanbleau shrugged. “Is that not acceptable.”
“It’s fine,” she said shortly and took the coin. She opened a small box and exchanged it for a handful of smaller silvers and a few coppers.
Once Jeanbleau took them, he said, “I am looking for the Ribeauvillé Adventurer’s Guild.”
She chuckled.
“Over the bridge and through the wall, love. Go straight toward the castle. You can’t miss it.”
With a nod he thanked her.
“The adventurer’s guild, eh?” the cat person asked, his voice lower in tone and far raspier than Jeanbleau would have thought possible.
He was taken aback that the cat person had addressed him. “Uh—yes!” he said in response.
The cat person took a large gulp of his ale and chuckled. “Good luck, adventurer.” Then he turned and strode out of the inn, his boots thumping across the hardwood floors as he went.
Jeanbleau glanced after him and wondered what he meant by that? His tone was one of contemptuous amusement.
When he turned around the innkeeper was drying out a mug. 
“Do you know him?”
She shrugged.
“Do you have any rooms available?”
“Sure,” she said with a nod. “There’s a few left, stranger. Gonna cost you a silver.”
It was a hundred silvers to the gold piece, at least when it came to Machezellian Imperial Coinage. But the exchange seemed to be about the same—or even a little better in Ōkina Basho—judging by what he got back for the ale, which was supposed to be five coppers but came to be just four here in Ribeauvillé.
“I don’t know if I will need one, but I will return if things change.”
“Yeah,” she said, and moved to do some more chores. She served another fellow with an armored breastplate and well-tailored gambeson of high class material, judging from what Jeanblbeau could see.
Finishing his ale, he turned around and stepped out of the inn.
As jeanbleau walked through the streets, he realized how well kept up everything was. The cobles were not missing in spots, the houses had clean white plaster. There were high quality signs with fresh paint and vine plants with flower buds growing up around windows.
He found himself frowning. His impression of Ribeauvillé was one of wealth and easy living. Was Ribeauvillé an exception to the rule in the land of Ōkina Basho?
Striding across the bridge, he glanced at the slow-moving river water below. It reflected the sky and the rays of sun from the west, which contrasted heavily with the approaching storm clouds.
The guards on the bridge wore shiny armor and held pole arms at their sides. These were no simple guards either. 
Like the men on the bridge, the four men in attendance at the gate were knights. One of them stopped him—a man without armor and in an official-looking attire. “The entry toll tax is one silver per head, good master.”
Jeanbleau was taken aback. “Truly?”
The mustached man nodded. “Truly.”
“I am Jeanbleau de Parise. I am supposed to report to the adventurer’s guild.”
“Yeah?” the guard asked bemusedly. “And what business of that is mine?”
“I am an exile.”
“Ah,” the guard said, and his eyes caught the other man. “The price is still one silver per head.”
Jeanbleau frowned. “I am following an edict of the Machezellian high court. Why do I need to pay the entry toll?”
“That’s how it works here in Ōkina Basho. We’re not here for sunshine and flowery smells on the wind. This is a land of work and money, and taxes.”
With a nod, Jeanbleau asked, “And if I do not have this silver?”
The guard shook his head definitively. “Then no entry, good sir.”
This has to be some kind of extotyion.
Someone further down the line made a noise of impatience and said a few words. “Listen, fellow,” the second guard said. “If you don’t have the coin, be off with you.”
With an inward sigh, Jeanbleau fished out a silver and gave it to the collector who asked him his name. He blinked. “I told you my name is Jeanbleau de Parise.”
“Jeanbleau de Parise,” the toll officer repeated absently as he glanced down the pages of a book nearly as thick as a brick. “Ah—yes. You are expected at the adventurer’s guild.”
Jeanblau was taken aback rolled his eyes. “And you knew I was on my way?”
He laughed. “Of course we know! Ribeauvillé received regular correspondence about the exiles sent here.” Then he added, “Hey, where are you guards?”
“They got sick of me and left me to fend for myself after we were attacked by goblins.”
The two guards and the toll officer chuckled. “I’m sure they did,” the first guard said. “Wouldn’t be the first time.”
“Well, you paid your toll tax,” the officer said. “Here is your receipt. Head into the city and report to the guild.”
Jeanbleau nodded to the officer and walked through the gate. The double turret on each side bristled with bowmen, but for the most part they stood relaxed, but alert. The guards on the wall, it seemed, were no slouches.
Inside the wall the houses and shops were of a particularly finer quality. Even his surprise concerning the outer town hadn’t prepared him for what he was now seeing.
There were men and women striding about in fine clothes as children played in the streets. A crier sold apples to those glancing out of their windows, interested in the fruit. The plaster was in perfect condition without cracks and the paint was spotless. The wood frames on the windows were lacquered and in the frames glass with a high sheen rested. 
There were no gutters or chamber pots.
Jeanbleau strode up the streets as they switch backed up the hill toward the castle. He had been told by the innkeeper at the entrance of Ribeauvillé that he couldn’t miss it. And certainly enough as he crested the hill, the Ribeauvillé  Adventurer’s Guild was revealed.
Like a small castle in and of itself, the guild had turrets with high roofs of blue tiles and similar pinions as what was flown across the walls and the castle beyond. The large wooden doors were open and two guards—adventurers by the looks of them, stood at attention.
As Jeanbleau approached, a dog person strode out and glanced at him, his ears flicking about to some unheard sound Jeanbleau couldn’t hear. He had trouble not gawking at the demihumans.
They were a new sight to him altogether.
As he went in he came into a wide ante hall with quest boards. Above the tiled floor were soft lights, defused by the lantern paper that did not resemble the Ribeauvillé side of things. Before he could start adventuring out on behalf of Ribeauvillé he needed to go and report that he had arrived so he wouldn’t meet any trouble later.
There was a desk at the end of the main chamber where adventurers were unloading and trading goods they had found or stolen while others ate food or gambled.
Some were even drinking.
The front desk was occupied by a demihuman, a female cat person with a large bosom and plenty of cleavage. Jeanbleau didn’t linger with his eyes.
“Hello,” she said with a smile. “I haven’t seen you here before. Have you come to the Ribeauvillé Adventurer’s Guild to put out a quest?”
“No.”
“Then you must be here for a meeting.”
“No, I am not.”
“If you wish to find work, you can check in with our other assistants over in the next chamber.” She pointed.
Jeanbleau put up a hand. “I am not here for any of those things.” 
“Ah,” she said. “Then you’re here to find quests!”
“No—well yes—but… My name is Jeanbleau de Parise and I am here by order of the Machezelle High Magistrate.”
“Oh…” she said demurely. “You’re another exile.”
He almost flinched. She said the words like she had just learned somebody had died. “Ye—yes!” He nodded.
“You poor thing.”
“I will be fine.”
“Yes, but you may want to prepare yourself.” She nodded dutifully as if he were telling her a sob story.
“What do you mean, ‘prepare myself’?”
She shifted uncomfortably as her green eyes glanced away for a moment. But then she seemed to force a smile to her face. “Just make sure you are as prepared as possible before you go out. You see, we have special quests for the exiles sent here from Machazelle.”
“Really?”
She nodded. “Mmhm.”
“Can you tell me more about these special quests?”
“Yes, of course. But first, we should get you your officially recognized adventurer’s status!”
“Fine.”
She handed him a paper to go through and sign. He took it. “What do I do with this?”
“Well, you go through each point and hit the check marks that fit your ability descriptions. This is how we determine your class, Master Parise. Go sit down and fill it out.” She smiled. “Take as much time as you need.”
He nodded. “Thank you.” Then he walked away from the front desk absently as he read down the paper. There was very little in the way of actual explanation for anything.
One of the questions read: What is your affinity with magic? 
Below that were options he could circle with his quill. They ranged from None, Novice, Apprentice, Adept, Master, Grandmaster and finally None of the above with an option to fill in further information should he choose the last option.
But Jeanbleau didn’t choose the last option, because he had no affinity with magic at all. He circled the first option, “None.”
The paper went through all of the arts, athletics and martial skills. There was alchemy, beastmanship, sneakery and a whole host of other abilities.
Below those were attributes.
It all seemed like nonsense to him, so he circled what seemed most appropriate on everything and then went back to the front desk.
She smiled and took the paper.
Glancing at it, she looked up at him and said, “You’re a warrior class!”
“Oh, how original,” another woman said from behind. She turned around from some filing task she had her nose in when he had first approached the desk.
“Why is it boring?”
“Oh, don’t listen to Rasha! She’s always giving the adventurers a hard time.”
The woman shrugged and Jeanbleau decided he wanted to know her name, if for no other reason than to stop thinking of her as “the woman.” And so he asked.
“Oh!” she said absentmindedly. “I am so, so sorry. I should have told you at once. My name is Luarr.” 
Jeanbleau thought about that, wondering how to pronounce the last part. It sounded like it had a roll of the tongue, somewhat like the purr of a cat.
“Luarr,” he said. “I am sorry. I said your name wrong.”
“It’s fine,” she said with a smile. “Humans rarely pronounce the names of the cat eye correctly—even Rasha, here.”
The other woman—Rasha--gave her a withering look form behind.
“Anyway!” Luarr said with a smile. “It seems from your agility and strength scores that you’re best as a light-armored warrior. Oh! And you even have some cooking skills—how wonderful!”
“He does?” Rasha asked as she glanced over Luarr’s shoulder curiously. “Hmm. Well look at that. Maybe you’re not useless after all. I can tell you there’s a few party’s out there that might take you in for the simple reason that you wouldn’t be cooking them dog food.”
“Rasha! How racist.”
“Too bad.”
“Hmph!” Luarr said.
“Be happy I like cat eye—but I’ve had too many bad run-ins with the mutts.”
Luarr’s jaw dropped and Jeanbleau laughed nervously.
 “You will have to excuse her, I’m afraid.”
“It is no matter,” Jeanbleau said. “Now what do I do?”
“Well,” Luarr said thoughtfully. “You don’t have to take a quest immediately. But as an exile sent from Machazelle, you are under certain restrictions, Master Jeanbleau.”
“I am?”
“Oh, of course!” she said, seeming surprised. “Did they not tell you?”
“I…” he said, but trailed off as he thought back to the incident of his sentencing. There had been many of his friends and some of his extended family who had viciously opposed his sentencing, calling that it was unfair.
He had then been rushed out and thrown back in his cell as quickly as possible. Perhaps the High Magistrate had a personal distaste for him, because Jeanbleau had been told nothing.
As knights, Sir De Shan and Sir Ballzac had not known the particulars. They were knights, meant to escort him to Ribeauvillé and remand him to the city authorities. Nothing more.
Luarr scoffed and waved a dismissive hand. “It doesn’t matter. I can tell you. Actually, it’s very simple. You are not allowed to earn your primary income from other sources outside of the Ribeauvillé Adventurer’s Guild quests.”
“Is that all?” he asked.
“No,” she said. “You must give a total of sixty percent of all income generated from your findings or quest items sold. You may keep items you find, steal or loot for personal use, but anything in excess must be sold here at the Guild House where we can monitor your sales receipts.”
“So you don’t steal what you own to the guild,” Rasha added. 
“And,” Jeanbleau said, “how long must I do this for?”
“Well, until you reach the allotted amount as set by your sentencing of course.”
“Which is what?”
Luarr’s eyes widened. “Umm…”
“You do not know?”
“We did not get that information. Were your escorts not given this information?”
Jeanbleau sighed heavily. Sir De Shan must have taken it, to frustrate him. The knight’s attitude toward Jeanbleau had been foul. De Shan had blamed him for being sent outside of Machazelle for five months—the time it took to escort Jeanbleau and then return.
Was the pay not good? Had that been Sir De Shan’s gripe? He didn’t know, and now would never know.
“Don’t worry!” Luarr said, a look of high spirits on her face. “We will send a correspondence to Machezelle and have word back in five months’ time.”
He sighed again.
“Now, now, adventurer. Do not pout.”
“I am not pouting.”
She shook her head. “This is not a setback. It is highly unlikely you would be able to pay back the guild in that timeframe anyway, and should you become monstrously rich before then, any excess will be returned to you… hopefully.”
Hopefully? That does not sound reassuring. 
But Jeanbleau was not expecting or even hoping that he would strike it rich, or become “monstrously wealthy” the way Luarr had put it just now. He did not think he had what it took to make it as an adventurer.
Not really.
“Now about what you said concerning the exile quests?”
“Ah,” Luarr said, as if someone had walked into the room and caught her making a particularly untoward joke. She then chortled.
Rasha stepped forward and sat down behind the large desk. “The Exile Quests,” she said, “are often far more difficult than many normal ones.”
“Why is this?”
“Often,” Luarr said in way of explanation to Rasha’s statement, “they are usually quests that most adventurers don’t want. So… they become Exile Quests.”
“Are they more dangerous?”
“No,” Luarr said.
Rasha nodded. “Absolutely.”
Jeanbleau took pause, waiting for one of the two women to correct their contradiction.
He looked at them.
They blinked.
With a nod he thanked Rasha and Luarr for their explanations and assistance. “Are there cheap inns in the city?”
“Oh, certainly!” Luarr said. “There is one called the Adventurer’s Blade—cliché, I know, but it’s cheap. Just go across the bridge and you can’t miss it—“
“Coming into the Ribeauvillé,” he finished for her.
She nodded. “Mmhm.”
“And a place where I can buy weapons and equipment?”
An adventurer flanked him and came up to the desk. Rasha split off from Luarr and addressed the man. He was a big armored fellow with a sword as tall and nearly as wide as his own body.
“There are various weapons and item dealers throughout Ribeauvillé. Some of these shops even sell magic and alchemical potions. You can also find them spread out across Ōkina Basho. This is where adventuring works heavily in your favor, as no town or city has all of the best equipment and potions.”
“I see.”
“But to get you started, there is a Guild Shop as well. She glanced at a door leading to another portion of the guild. “Through those doors.”
“Parfait,” he said.
“Oui,” Luarr added with a large smile. “Would you like to have a look at the quest board?”
“I saw them when I came in.”
“Let me help you!’
“Uh”—he nodded—“sure.”
She got up from behind the desk and strode across the common room, her white tail swishing slowly through the air. He almost grabbed it out of pure curiosity to see what it was like, but thought better of.
Doing that could be akin to grabbing one of her breasts for all he knew!
Jeanbleau came up behind her to look at the board, of which she was reading closely with her finger to guide her. There were five other adventurers perusing the board as well—three of them humans, one of which was a female mage with a green tunic-dress and a black sash. There was also a… fox person? 
The many tails…
He understood that to be the fushi race, but as he thought these things, he realized how wholly ignorant he was of life here in Ōkina Basho. Who even ruled these lands? Was it Ribeauvillé? Was there a king?
“Let’s see…” Luarr said distractedly.  “No, that requires special swimming gear. This? No, that would be far too dangerous. You would never come back alive. You don’t have the magical aptitude for this one here.”
Jeanbleau narrowed his eyes as he glanced at the quest board. He saw an exile quest near the top that was somewhat out of Luarr’s reach. It read:
Exile Quest Lvl. 5/Desperate!
Adventurer in Need
The Pumpkin Princess of Ilth needs your assistance! I’m trapped in Andahl’s cave on Mount Odan and require an adventurer to rescue me. Extra pay for Andahl’s head if brought back in good condition. Pay: x30 Kita-ku Shinai Gold Marks!
Status: Desperate
Recommend lvl. 5 or above!
He unpinned the quest from the board. “What about this one?”
“Hmm? Oh, let me see. Give it here.”
She read it in quick order and shook her head. “Nope—you can’t do that one, Jeanbleau.” She smacked it against his chest.
Taking the ticket, he looked at her. “Why not? She needs help.”
Luarr chortled. “They all need help, you poor thing—even you need help.”
Now she sounded like she was talking to a baby…
“But I am not being held captive in a cave!”
Is she truly this cold?
“If you take this quest, you will be killed, Jeanbleau. Do you see this? Level five. You’re at best a three right now. Mhm. No.”
“I’m level three?” he asked, his eyes widening. “I thought I would be level one.”
“Only an infant still slick from his mother’s womb is a level one, deer.”
“Oh.”
“Mm,” she nodded. “You’re more like a babe at the breast right now, dear.”
She chortled again, making Jeanbleau think that Luarr had more in common with Rasha than he had first realized. 
“Now, now. Let’s find you something a little easier, shall we?”
“I am going to save that princess,” he said stubbornly. It’s not that he wanted to die, but she needed his help. The status was “desperate.” Was it not the right thing to do? And the pay wasn’t bad besides. Thirty gold marks. So if the guild took sixty percent, that would leave him with twelve gold marks. He could stay in the Adventurer’s Blade for months with that amount of gold!
Of course, those marks are not from here. They’re from—he glanced at the quest ticket again—they’re from Kita-ku Shinai.
“I am taking this quest!”
Luarr sighed heavily and threw up her arms. “Don’t complain to me if you end up surviving your encounter—crazy human.”
“I won’t.”
“You can’t do it!” she snapped, her claws coming out.
Jeanbleau took a step back. “Why are you snapping at me? It’s the honorable thing to do!”
“But honor alone doesn’t win battles, you fool!” she tapped the side of her head with the flat of her palm as if to say he was insane.
“I am doing this quest.”
She nodded and strode back toward the table. “The quest is yours,” she said over her shoulder.
“Do you have any suggestions?”
She stopped, turned and put her hands on her hips. “Yes. Level up before you take that—take a booster party with you, or dump that and get something more suited to your level three abilities. If you even managed to save her and escape Andahl’s wrath—she’ll kill you!”
He flinched. “She will?!”
Luarr nodded vigorously. “Talk you to death, that one will.”
Raising a skeptical eyebrow, Jeanbleau said, “I am taking this quest.”
She smiled. “I hope you can run fast, Exile.”
Her insistence that he couldn’t handle himself on this level 5 quest was concerning. But he could handle it, surely? 
He swallowed against the knot in his throat.
Was it the level five part that scared away adventurers, or some other reason?
Jeanbleau strode into the Guild Shop where an old dog person watched the shelves. There were a few adventurers in there and one was haggling with a younger human about how much a Girthgwarl sword was worth.
What is a Girthgwarl?
He glanced about, then down at the quest ticket in his hand. In his other was his adventurer membership card which listed him as a light-armor class warrior with a slightly higher than average agility score, decent intelligence (or maybe that was a mistake) and with other peripheral skills that had nothing to do with fighting.
Looking at the weapons, his first impression was that some of them were in fact, impressive. But many of the swords and shields were certainly inadequate. One sword caught his notice. It was a long sword with a wide guard. At the center where the blade met the hilt was an encrusted opal.
He glanced at the display information and saw that the sword was called Amber, which struck him as a bit cliché. But what interested him was the sword was imbued with magical abilities—four to be precise.
Jeanbleau glanced at the price tag and his eyes widened. 
!!!
Two million gold marks!
Jeanbleau only had twelve Machazelle Gold Marks left!
He glanced up and started looking at some of the other items. A few more swords caught his eye, but none of them were inside his price range. Perhaps he wasn’t prepared for the quest after all.
But the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth was in a desperate situation. He had to help her! It was only the right thing to do.
The cheapest sword was a wide-bladed spade-like blade without a guard to speak of.
His eyes caught the armor for only a few gold marks. It was a tough-looking leather tunic with iron studs. He picked it up and realized it also came with a good sword belt, also of leather.
Jeanbleau set it down, and after spending some time searching about the shop, he realized he would only be able to buy the studded leather tunic and the sword. He took the items to the shop keeper and sat them on the table.
“That’ll be ten Ribeauvillé Gold Marks.”
Knowing that the Machazelle gold was worth less, he said nothing as he put the ten pieces down. The dog person behind the counter furrowed his brow. 
“I said ten ‘Ribeauvillés’!”
“Oh,” Jeanbleau said, attempting his best impression of dumb. He dropped another Machazelle onto the table and the dog person took it, giving him back a few silvers and coppers in exchange. Then in a bored tone Jeanbleau thought seemed overly exaggerated, he said, “Best of luck on your adventures.”
“Wait,” he said. “What about this?”
He put the goblin sword on the table. The “blade” as it were looked more like a shard of metal that had been ground to proper shape, which was far off from an ideal sword, and the handle was little more than wrapped rope twine.
“One copper.”
With nowhere to put the sword anyway, Jeanbleau would have to dump it before going on his adventure. He nodded and the dog person gave him the exchange.
The metal from the blade would probably be melted down—forged into something that could be more useful than the trash that it was. And certainly worth more as well.
Jeanbleau threw his leather-studded armor over his head and synched the belt and scabbard. Then he put his new sword into the sheath. It was heavy. Heavier than he wanted it to be, but this was the best he had.
Then he strode out into the common room and glanced about.
Someone sniggered.
Jeanbleau glanced about for the person who let that laugh out. But he saw no one—and perhaps he was so inconsequential-looking that no one—not even Luarr, bothered to see him. It was like Jeanbleau was invisible. In a way it was humiliating. He had come from nobility.
And now…
No one could care less about me standing here or not. And they even know I’m taking an exile quest above my level.
Was it that adventurers often didn’t come back? Were their deaths something of no fanfare—something that didn’t even bother a passing mention?
Shaking his head, Jeanbleau de Parise decided that it didn’t matter. Once he rescued this princess of Ilth, surely she would be grateful.

Chapter Three—Kita-ku Shinai
Before leaving Ribeauvillé, Jeanbleau had explored the city somewhat, found a clothier and bought an oiled cloak with a hood that was voluminous enough to cover his armor and sword quite well. The material was thick enough that he could use it as a shroud if he needed to camp for the night.
As well as the cloak, he had bought a backpack and some items for starting fires, such as a small dagger, a flint for making sparks, a bundle of shredded wood fibers and of course a small thicket of torches.
But fire starter items were the least of what he had bought with his remaining gold mark from Machazelle—which was the last vestige of his life from his place of exile. What Jeanbleau had purchased were dried breads and meats as well as a water skin for his journey.
However, among all these items, the most essential had been the map. He was assured that the locations were up to date, and the map did look newly drawn as well, so that he believed of the seller.
He had glanced at the horses in the stables, but knew he was far from being able to afford one. Perhaps he would buy a mount after saving the princess.
But the evening had set upon him, so Jeanbleau had stayed at the Adventurer’s Blade last night, woke up early in the morning and ate a hearty breakfast of porridge and set off.

Now he was on his way out of the Ribeauvillé territory and journeying toward Kita-ku Shinai. There were no proper province lines or borders of sovereignty. The entire country of Ōkina Basho was neutral territory except for the interior of the cities, it seemed.
What would this Kita-ku Shinai look like? According to the map, it was actually quite close. By Jeanbleau’s estimate, it would take him just over two days to reach the other city with Mount Odan just one more day’s journey north. 
It would be easy.
Jeanbleau glanced up into the gray skies. It had stormed during the night, but now things were starting to clear up. A little, at least. Intermittent sprinkling rain still fell upon him, making Jeanbleau realize what a good find this sturdy cloak had been.
As he travelled the roads on foot, occasionally other travellers passed him by, some on foot, some on horseback. Even a luxurious-looking coach drove along the road, too fast for comfort as the driver bellowed something foul in Jeanbleau’s direction.
Most of the passersby were humans, some of which were Kokumin—probably travelling from Kita-ku Shinai.
The day wore on, and so did Jeanbeau’s strength. Occasionally he took breaks, but was careful not to become lazy. He needed to get to Kita-ku Shinai with all due hast so he could provision his stores once again and make for Mount Odan where the Pumpkin Princess desperately awaited him.
Jeanbleau wondered why they called her that. Did she do something special with pumpkins, or was her title more about locations? Perhaps her family owned a large plantation.
The hills tolled on with sparse tree cover and some rocks jutting up here and there, but for the most part these hills were occupied by very little, other than fields of grass and flowers and some farmland. 
He passed a roadside inn during the latter part of the day, but didn’t stop. There were hours of travel yet and having no need to provision his stores at this time, he continued on.
Jeanbleau stacked the wood into a cone shape and put the soft wood shavings underneath. With his dagger, he struck the flint and sparks flew, but the shavings didn’t catch fire.
He struck the dagger against the flint again.
And again.
And again!
The shavings were not catching fire. He glanced up into the darkening sky which had cleared up somewhat since earlier in the day when they had been nothing more than a grey sheet with swirls of black mist.
He continued on, striking the flint with his belt knife, but instead of longer strikes of his blade, he changed his tactic and treated the flint more like a stick, and dragged his blade across it as if he were trying to peel off a particularly hard piece of bark.
Sparks shot forth, more than before, and since he wasn’t swinging his dagger like a broad armed barbarian, he could flick the edge of his blade against it quicker, making the sparks come more frequently into the shavings.
When smoke started to rise from them he realized he was doing it more correctly!
Oui! Oui!
They caught flame ever so slightly—more like a spark, and he bent down and blew on the bundle of dried wood shavings. They smoked furiously and he blew more—giving the sparks air to feed upon. He had seen others do it like that, and that was why he did it this way now.
Suddenly the bundle caught flame and he shoved it under the larger sticks where they could catch fire. The orange taper flickered and guttered, but slowly climbed into the larger pieces of wood where the flames took hold.
Before long, Jeanbleau’s fire was crackling merrily enough to sing a tavern jig around—assuming he was drunk and unguarded enough to do such a thing while out in the wilderness in a country he didn’t know.
No.
Inexperienced he might be, but Jeanbleau was no fool. He had chosen this camp site for two reasons. The first was that it had shelter from the elements, as it was under a bluff overlooking the countryside.
Where he currently sat in the dirt, it was completely dry. The other reason Jeanbleau chose this spot was that it was concealed from his relative south. No one from the hills would see his fire and had they been able to for some inexplicable reason, the hill protected his flank.
If any highway bandits or wild animals—or goblins, gods forbid—happened upon him, he would see them long before they could reach him.
With the road a half a league to his relative north and down the hills, this was an excellent spot. His only concern was that the fire might be visible as an orange fleck in the distance from the road.
For that reason he had taken rocks and piled them up in front of where he had his fire burning, though they probably weren’t enough.
That was what Jeanbleau was missing. A bedroll. 
How could I be so stupid?
The ex-lord and knight had gone on adventures in the past, but not like this. This was rough and tumble adventurism which he had no experience in whatsoever. Being rich and of noble birth, he had used a tent in the past, and even then his men had erected it, had carried it, had guarded the camp sight and cooked his meals.
This was wholly different, another life that Jeanbleau was not bred to.
But he would adapt.
He had to adapt. It was that or face the executioner’s block, which he wasn’t planning on doing any time soon if he had any say about it. Goblins and night monsters might have another thing to say about his thoughts, he decided. For this reason he kept close to his sword and a careful eye out on the horizon. 
But before too long sleepiness began to gnaw at him. He was tired from the day’s journeying. Perhaps he should have stayed at that inn he passed some time ago. It would have considerably slowed his journey.
But safety was better than recklessness and the possible consequences thereof, was it not? And yet the Pumpkin Princess needed him. 
He pulled out the quest ticket from his backpack and looked at it. The part about the level five adventurers or above began to worry him. But what was an adventure without the risk of death? What was the matter with saving someone if there was no danger to oneself for such an action? If saving this princess was as easy as bending and lifting her up from a simple tumble, she would have no need to ask for aid, and no need to help the one who assists her.
In this strange and dangerous land, Jeanbleau needed friends. One found friends… how? By showering them with societal advantages and monetary bait? 
That was what he had done before, and yet almost all of his ”friends” had shunned him in the end. They would have watched him hang in the afternoon and then went to a sumptuous ball the same night, completely oblivious and forgetful of their past relationship.
Even so, he had some few family members and true friends who defended him, who had come to visit him in his cells. One had even offered to accompany him to these lands. A true and loyal friend, that was. But Jeanbleau had declined.
No need to destroy two lives when the price of one would do.
As a newly minted adventurer, something within Jeanbleau spoke to him. He was now in a position to help others. Certainly he could have helped them before, but then, letting go of his wealth had been no easy thing.
His life as an adventurer was involuntary. The danger was involuntary. He would die, or he would go on to be a successful man-at-arms killing monsters for money and aiding those in need.
As before, this terrified him.
My old life is over—and it is not coming back. I must accept who I am now. 
If he must die, then he might as well die trying to save this princess. His heart thundered inside his chest suddenly as the implications of his thoughts actually hit him. By this time in a few days, he could be dead on some mountaintop somewhere—his damsel in distress doomed to share his fate.
And who was this Andahl mentioned on the quest? Perhaps Luarr could have told him. He had forgotten to ask, and she had evidentially forgotten to tell him. But if she thought he would die, then did it matter who this man was? Highwayman, kidnapper, robber, sellsword down on his luck—the answer was irrelevant.
Jeanbleau would act the knight—even if he no longer was a knight—and he would save her. If he had to kill the man who held her captive, then so be it.
He had killed before.
With these thoughts of honor and adventurism, he drifted between sleep and wakefulness as his fire crackled.
Except when he opened his eyes, something was moving near him. He suddenly shouted as he lunged forward, his fingers tightening on the hilt of his sword.
The man—all in rags before him—shouted in a sudden fright as well and lunged away from his dying fire. Jeanbleau pulled his sword free of its scabbard and glanced about as the man and a few of his robber companions ran down the hill.
He had almost been—
Glancing down, he realized his backpack had been taken and he snarled. “Come back here!”
He lunged from his camp and sprinted down the hill after the robbers. He saw the one carrying his bag. As he caught up to the shouting and whooping thieves, his foot suddenly hitched over something on the ground and he flailed forward, slamming hard into the ground.
Luckily the grass was thick and the earth soft, otherwise he would have been knocked senseless. Even though his landing wasn’t overly rough, he grunted loudly as the air from his body was knocked out of him.
He gasped, rising and spluttering after the thieves, but had to take a moment to breath enough air in again. Without his pack, he would still make it to Kita-ku Shinai, but his last silvers were in there too.
Jeanbleau would have no money to provision his journey, much less find a bed for the night!
He picked up his pace, running after the thieves who were now small in the distance as they loped over the terrain. They must have been poor indeed, as they had no horses and their robes had been ripped and tattered from hard use of at least a thousand years.
With only a very fast glimpse of a dirty face with canted eyes, rotten teeth and wispy mustaches, he realized the thieves were only less than highway robbers and slightly more than corpses.
The run was winding him, but he was catching up to them quickly as they neared the road. Up ahead on the hills, a coach with bright lights thundered down the hill, the driver calling out with every crack of his whip.
The thief with the bag turned and saw Jeanbleau catching him and he tripped, rolling in the grass as his companions screamed at him and chortled like drunkards.
Perhaps they were drunk?
“Stop!” he called.
One of the thieves wrenched the bag from his fellow and turned into the road. The driver atop the coach screamed and so did the thief right before the lead horse rammed into him.
He flew to the ground like a lock tossed off a river barge and went face-first into the dirt and didn’t move after that.
The carriage continued on as the other thieves broke past the road toward a cops of trees. Gasping with every stride, Jeanbleau did not pursue the other thieves as he came upon the dead man with his bag.
Glancing after the carriage, he saw a woman cry out as she leaned out of the window, but then was quickly pulled back in by another as they continued trundling along the road at high speed.
His throat was still burning and he gasped desperately for air as he leaned over and rested his palms over his knees. He needed more exercise, otherwise he would be winded anytime he needed to pursue a foe or kill a monster.
As an adventurer, this was—at least he thought it was—unacceptable.
Let this be my first attempt at getting into proper shape.
Bending, he picked up his bag and searched it. The leather pouches hadn’t been opened or tempered with, which was good. His silver coins were still there as well. 
Now for the man.
He grabbed the thief by the shoulder and rolled him over. He was definitely dead, as the shape of his skull had been…  changed. His mouth hung open and so did his unseeing eyes.
Glancing at the wild man further, Jeanbleau realized how feral he truly was. He had no shoes or sandals and his sash was little more than a rough twine of rope, his once blue robes, now more soiled than a floor rag, were ripped and tattered.
With a heavy sigh, he realized the dawn horizon had just barely revealed itself. It had felt to Jeanbleau as if he had only just shut his eyes before being awakened by this thief and his allies, but in fact he had slept through most of the night.
I do not feel rested at all. 
He closed his eyes shut tight and rubbed his face. As he opened his eyes, he caught something lying in the road up ahead in the direction that the carriage had rode off in.
He stalked toward the item and at once realized the woman within the coach had lost something. Was that why she had called out so suddenly?
As he approached the item, he realized it was an intricately-crafted leather hand bag with a pearlescent jewel on the front.
He picked it up and glanced about it. The color was white, pure like snow. It was an opulent hand bag. But with such a wealthy item, why had this carriage not had escorts?
Jeanbleau opened the bag and it clicked via a silver button with tiny inlaid filigree. Very fancy indeed. Within he found several sheefs of paper.
“Letters,” he muttered.
Gently shoving them back inside, he clicked the bottom shut again and regarded the item for a time. He could get some money for this—perhaps a lot of money.
Or I can read the letters within and find out who that woman was.
Surely she would want her item returned to her.
Deciding not to make a decision on the matter, Jeanbleau put the purse inside his bag, slung it to his back and set off along the road, stepping around the dead robber as he went.
But then he stopped and glanced back suddenly. What an ignoble death that was—to be starving and crazed. But it was not Jeanbleau’s responsibility to take care of this matter. However, he did decide to move the body.
He took the dead man by the wrist and dragged him off of the road. He didn’t want another carriage or rider to come across the body only to become beset by a fatal accident. Surely the lord or ruler—or whoever presided over this stretch of countryside godsdammit—would send some men to take care of the body.
As the morning horizon continued to brighten, Jeanbleau followed it along the road, holding to the straps at his front from his backpack. He had had no need to return to his camp, as he wore his heavy cloak and all of his possessions were within his bag.
It was still early morning when Jeanbleau crested one of the ever rising hills. But what sight greeted him was one that took his breath away. 
With golden rays of sunlight streaming through the clouds and onto the city, Kita-ku Shinai was a reflection of some dream place. In a way, it was much like Ribeauvillé in that it was a city like none he had ever seen before.
The blue tiled roofs and the upturned eves near the corners were of a similar construction to the outpost he had come across when first arriving in these lands—when the goblins had attacked him and his escort of knights.
Even now, Jeanbleau wondered what Sir Ballzac was doing.
Being berated by Sir De Shan no doubt.
A flock of white birds with long wavy necks flew by over the sparkling water. It seemed the river came out of Kita-ku Shinai, dropping off into high falls below the city which climbed a rocky mountain.
On either side of the fall were large structures climbing into the sky with an arched bridge connecting them over the water. This must have been the main castle fortress of the city, as the other structures climbing up the hill, though impressive, were not as majestic as this structure hanging over the water with its many levels and squared eves with upturned corners.
Outside of the city walls were wet farmlands in small depressions of the earth with a kind of grain grass growing out of them. Situated around these watery farms were houses and huts on legs above the water.
In the fields Jeanbleau spotted workers and farmers, their voluminous trousers rolled up to their knees as they picked the plants with small scythes. As he strode up the road, he noticed their wide-brimmed conical hats made of straw.
There were other travellers on the road, some with donkeys and carts, interspersed with the odd carriage—and many, many others were on foot. Some of them looked to be travellers like himself, their bedrolls  hanging from the tops of their packs.
He had thought the journey would take over three days, but it seemed Jeanbleau was less of a map reader than he thought, and even less of an experienced traveller. He just hoped that his adventuring skills weren’t indicative of his other apparent failings.
It was very early spring—more akin to late, late winter, and yet these crop growers were harvesting their yields. Jeanbleau knew next to nothing of farming and crops, but perhaps these grains were a colder-weather verity.
With very little coin left, he took note of his provisions within his bag. He had plenty of the food left, but could stock up on a little more just in case. What he decided to do was get a bedroll and perhaps a second cloak, a smaller, thinner one that could go over his armor first to keep him warm.
Glancing up into the mountains, he saw that there was ice and snow up there, which was evidentially near the area he needed to go. But not knowing the exact location of this Andahl in the mountains, it was possible that his hideout was in a pass where it was warmer.
Nonetheless, Jeanbleau needed to find out his exact location so he could find the princess and rescue her.
He passed through the gates, the entry toll tax costing him a silver and a half. Jeanbleau grumbled somewhat. Watching the last of his silvers be depleted was not an entertaining prospect.
As he wandered into Kita-ku Shinai, Jeanbleau glanced along the long line of food vendors. Many of them were selling fresh vegetables, grains and legumes, but not all the stalls were bulk foods. Some of them smoked with the burning of fried meat grease that filled his nostrils and set Jeanbleau’s mouth to watering.
He bought one savory dish provided to him in a painted and lacquered clay bowl. It consisted of the grains from the fields—a kind of winter rice—and atop that was a grilled chunk of bird meat dripping with grease and butter and then topped with a savory black sauce that was equally salty and sweet.
The juices from the meat and the sauce flavored the rice and he ate the local cuisine with gusto, though he had trouble using the strange sticks he had been supplied with for the eating. He used them as a sort of shovel to push the food out of the bowl and into his mouth. It was wrong. But trying to manipulate the strange eating utensils like the other diners proved to be impossible for Jeanbleau at this time. Some looked on him curiously, but said nothing.
Surely they know I’m a foreigner? Or was the word “gaijin” in these parts?
The price wasn’t bad either.
“Do you know where I can buy a bed roll an cloak?”
The man behind the vending table with the meats and rice bowls looked at him and muttered something Jeanbleau could not understand.
With a nod, he moved away, searching for anything that resembled a clothier. But there were none outside. Here, the vendors were selling food near the main gates. He moved further into the city and watched as local Kokumin, Machazellian and demihumans alike strode the streets all going about their separate business.
To be sure, this city was a Kokumin city through and through, as the people in the streets made up the vast majority of the city’s occupants.
A woman with a white-painted face and red near the center of her lips glanced at him as she stepped through the slightly muddied cobblestones on strange wooden sandals that kept her feet off the ground.
Her clothes were also another foreign curiosity to Jeanbeau, consisting of shimmer green materials and floral patterns. Her hair had been done up in approximation of a fish’s back fin, or was it supposed to look like the strange half-circle fronds she was carrying?
As he stared at her, she flicked her hand and the stick in her left hand snapped open, revealing another half-circle frond. By the look on her face, she didn’t much like the way he was staring and so he moved off.
He wasn’t here to start trouble, and wanted none if he could avoid it. 
The streets were noisy, with criers and hagglers and men moving sacks of grains. There looked to be a sort of open auction house on his left where a crowd of people bid for materials.
Jeanbleau left this area and ventured further into the city and under an arched bridge—much like the ones he could see connecting the castle over the bridge.
As he went under the arch, he saw people crossing it, some of them women with parasols despite the lack of hot sun in this early morning. His realization of this caused a mild chill to run over his body from the cold.
I need that smaller cloak.
He glanced about as he stepped through the streets. The ground back here, though cobbled like the entrance, was not as filled with dirt, and drier besides, as the overhanging roofs from the tall structures provided a lot of cover from the rain, and what’s more, there were drains in this area, probably leading to the river.
A fushi glanced at him toothily as he passed the woman by. She was wearing a demure dress with some food stains on her apron. Was there food shops back here? He turned down another alley to his right and noticed how narrow it was.
Though it wasn’t dark.
And there were people back here, eating and buying things from the little vendors who probably lived in these buildings. The eaves overhanging their shop windows and doors created a kind of overhead canopy and red and orange lanterns provided light to see by.
One by one he glanced into the shops, realizing most of them were food. Another was some kind of raw textiles shop with rolls of fabric and other materials. 
A woman called out to him. “Hey! Hey you!”
Her accent was thick, but Jeableau still understood her. She had tattoos on her forearms and pins holding up her hair. She was probably in her middle years. She gestured to him with her palm facing outward as she tapped it with her forefinger drawing circles over it.
A fortune teller. 
Jeanbleau shook his and she threw up her hands in silent frustration as he moved on. In the next shop, which didn’t look like it sold anything other than strange black and wood-lacquered plaques with intricate Kokumin inscriptions that he couldn’t read. Inside, two men argued, gesturing aggressively with their hands over several of the inscriptions. 
He paid them no mind.
Jeanbleau continued through the alley and seeing nothing of interest up ahead, cut to his left and ventured further in where he found a clothier, but her items were not of his needing.
However, he was getting closer to his destination—he could tell that much, as more and more of the shops sold fabric items, shirts, shoes and sandals.
He came to one shop with a little sign jutting into the alley with tiny lamps hanging overhead providing enough light to read by. 
ADVENTURER KU-RO-BING
Jeanbleau peeked inside and saw a woman there. She looked to be a little younger than himself. As she smiled up at him a man further in busied himself with some task.
“Hello,” he said. “Do you speak my language?”
“Ah, hai!” she said. “Yes, yes!”
He glanced about at the jackets, the cloaks. “Do you have bed rolls? Something warm?”
“Ah, yes!” she moved over to another little section and showed him the rolls. She unfurled one for him. “Made from sky sheep wool, you know? Bery, bery wohm!”
He touched the materials. They were thick, the wool fibrous and yet soft. He glanced at the others, but quickly realized she was showing him her premium product. “How much?”
“Only”—she said, pointing emphatically at him—“thirty silvers!”
He nodded. “And your cloaks? I need something to keep me warm under my rain cloak.”
“Ah,” she said nodding with a big smile as her husband came forward. He began to assist her and he went to the rack of cloaks. “This is very good,” he said, his accent not nearly as thick as his wife’s. He touched the material to show Jeanbleau.
Jeanbleau touched it, rubbed his fingers over the material. It was too soft. “I need something a little more sturdy.”
They looked at him oddly. 
“Strong, yes?” he said as he mimed ripping the under cloak.
“Ah!” the man said. “Yes.”
The wife brought another over. They both wore a sort of blue tunic, but hers was long ending in ankle-length skirts. Not a rich couple to be sure, but Jeanbleau wondered if they were saving money in this little out-of-the-way shop.
This second pick was much firmer with stronger materials. Not as warm, to be sure. But since he would be wearing it under his larger oiled cloak, it would be fine. With a nod he said, “Oui, tres bien! Very good.”
He took off his outer cloak and put this one on over his metal-studded armor. It was thin, so wouldn’t bulk him up too much as he put his other cloak on over it to feel how it fit him.
Moving his arms, Jeanbleau stretched about as if he were swinging his sword. It was good—it fit well and didn’t constrain him. What’s more, the added layer of warmth would serve him well.
“How much?”
The woman smiled with a nod. “Twenty-five.”
Fifty silvers for the two items. He would be left with some forty left. Not a lot of money—of which some of that would go toward more dried meats and breads—things that he could carry or even smash without worry.
If Jeanbleau had been intending to travel for much longer, he would need cook pots and grains to boil over his fires. Meat was nutritious, and so were breads of a more wholesome variety, of which Jeanbleau didn’t much like the taste of.
He was used to the top crust on the whitest bread possible.
Now things were different. He was no noble, treated to the highest quality of over spiced foods and bleached flours. He clinked the coins one by one over the desk and paid them the fifty silvers from inside his money bag.
Perhaps he should attach his coin pouch to his belt so that if his bag were to be stolen again, he wouldn’t be without money. Without survival items or money, this “adventuring” or “being-an-exile-in-a-strange-land” business would be a serious problem.
They took the coins happily and nodded their thanks, pressing their hands together and bowing. He nodded in an approximation of a minimal bow of his own homeland and then set to attaching his bedroll to the top of his backpack.
Once it was securely fastened, Jeanbleau stepped out of the ADVENTURER KU-RO-BING, glanced back once to the smiling shopkeepers and headed on his way.
As he left Kita-ku Shinai, a parade of dancers and flag bearers moved through the streets, pounding drums and thrumming harps as flutists played a lively tune. Onlookers watched from every direction and from on high.
There were men and women marching in artistic steps as a palanquin with some odd items of gold and silver were moved through the street.
Jeanbealu did not know what kind of festival this was, but he enjoyed the aesthetic as a large bell sounded from some distant structure of twirling pillars and golden statues, surely making the heads of many glance up from even outside of the city.
Once he rescued the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth, he would have to come back to Kita-ku Shinai some time to simply explore and learn more about the city. The people here—like in Ribeauvillé—were not hostile or dismissive.
Ōkina Basho was nothing like what they said back home in Machazelle.
And why is that? What is the reason why this place is believed to be a festering pit of low lives, murderers and endless conflict with slathering monsters?
He bought some more meat and bread and left through the city gates. Like Ribeauvillé, the gate was secure with guards on the ground and in the turrets overlooking the gate, many of them with tabards and armored vests and pikes.
It was here where he went to the guard house and asked if they spoke his language. Two of the guards did and Jeanbleau revealed his map, asking where his quest was located.
Andahl is on Mount Odan,” one man said and pointed directly on the map. Jeanbleau took a quill from the ink pot on the table and marked it.
“You will fight him?” the other guard asked, a look of concern on his face.
“If I have to,” Jeanbleau said. “The Pumpkin Princess needs help.”
One of them snorted.
“What is funny?”
“Nothing.”
“Thank you for the help.”
He set out and after a short time took a deep breath as he glanced back at Kita-ku Shinai. The sun on his face warmed his skin. He wanted to simply close his eyes and sleep in this warmness.
But he had a quest.
Why had they laughed, though? So strange.
Jeanbleau set forth, making his way toward Mount Odan above the foothills. It wasn’t far, as he suspected before—but was probably wrong about the distance from the city. He might be there at the end of the day.
Perhaps he could sneak past Andahl and rescue this princess who so desperately needed help. Perhaps since she had been waiting so long she would afford him a kind of bonus? And why had she been captured by this man in the first place? Was she adventuring in a place she should not have been?
Perhaps he could assist her in her adventuring needs. If she was a princess, surely she was rich. But where was her family? Where was the castle she came from or the lands she ruled over?
Her quest seemed rather like she was alone in the world. 
An odd thing to be sure.

Chapter Four—Princess, and Brave Adventurer
Grunting somewhat as he stepped up a mild incline, Jeanbleau realized he was breathing more heavily now, and with his exertions and the constant warm sun, he was actually beginning to sweat.
Perhaps he did not need that second under cloak after all?
He turned and glanced back the way he had come, down the foothills. In the distance Kita-ku Shinai was enshrouded with mist. Not the mist of a dreary late morning, but rather the mist of a hot sping day that came up from the river—or perhaps the rice fields surrounding the city.
From here, the urban center looked like a dream, half shrouded in a majestic fog Because of the yellow-orange glow. 
From his pack he took out a hard piece of bread and gnawed on it as he glanced about the foothills. They continued on, climbing more steeply. It wouldn’t be long before he got past them and onto Mount Odan where Andahl lived. 
What had kept other adventurers from going after the princess, anyway? Luarr had sniggered about her talking his ear off, and the Kita-ku Shinai gate guards had reacted much the same way.
With a sigh he continued glancing about, simply enjoying the warm rays of the sun and the birds overhead. Had he not been on a quest to save the Pumpkin Princess, he might have simply found a rock to perch upon and slowly eat his bread and meat.
Thirty Kita-ku Shinai Gold Marks.
That was the price of which he would be afforded after saving her, minus the sixty percent toward his debt to Ribeauvillé and by extension, Machezelle. 
Jeanbleau had a thought.
Thirty gold marks was no small amount of coin. Should he successfully rescue the princess, this adventuring gig might be quite a lucrative trade after all—especially after paying off hid debt.
He could make a business of it—start his own guild.
No, no. 
He was getting ahead of himself. Surely he would start his own adventuring party first, become more acquainted with these lands, perhaps build a name for himself.
Grinning, he nodded to himself and swallowed his last bite of the bread and meat and continued on his journey. Before long, if he continued to sweat like this, he would need to take off his under cloak and put it beside his bedroll atop his pack.
But as he glanced up the hills and further on to Mount Odan, he realized, with that snow and those darker clouds, he would surely begin to cool too fast.
“Onward!” he called to no one. “For the Princess of Pumpkins!”
I better not let her hear me say such a thing aloud. 
And he laughed.

As the day wore on, a low hanging cloud began to descent upon Mount Odan. Or was it that Jeanbbleau had gotten quite high from his climb?
He didn’t know, but when he turned to see if he could still make out Kita-ku Shinai, no trace of the city was visible any longer. Just a blanket of fog and low-hanging clouds. What was more, his skin felt clammy from the moisture up here despite the worsening cold.
Reaching into his bag, he took out a plug of his dried meat, chewed off a liberal bite and looked at his map. According to where the Kita-kua Shinai guard had marked, he was close.
Very close.
He rolled the map back up and put it into his bag, noting the late hour upon him as well as the thin patches of snow and ice.
Needing to stay alert, Jeanbleau ate more meat and drank an ample amount of water. As he got closer to Andahl’s hideout, the likelihood of meeting him on the mountain increased.
Jeanbleau did not want to be surprised suddenly while he wasn’t watching, while he was districted when he didn’t otherwise have to be. Keeping his left and on his sword hilt jutting from its scabbard, he stepped over the craggy rocks and pressed on, the mountain ahead hardly visible to him now due to the forming mist.

The night was beginning to make things hard to see by, and other than the subtle gusts of wind, there were no other sounds up here—save for Jeanbelau’s footsteps through the thin layer of crunchy snow.
He came upon a rocky bluff that jutted out from the mountainside. When he came under it, the sounds of melting ice could be heard. Glancing about, he noted that the area was sheltered and dry, and decided that this spot could make for an emergency camp if he failed to rescue the princess. 
Otherwise Jeanbleau would be sleeping huddled in his cloaks as he lay against a rock—and without a fire. The night would be hard and straining on his body. It would be better to make camp here, where he had shelter, both from the wind, but also from possibly being seen by his quarry
But he didn’t stop here for long.
Boots crunching over the snow, when he rounded the bend, his eyes widened and his heart jumped a pace as he saw lights.
The opening of a cave!
Leading up to the light in that opening in the rocks, was a manner of slate much like a natural set of stairs. Perhaps they were not natural at all and that Andahl had chiseled them out of the mountainside.
That was to say, if his abode was not some previously inhabited space by some mountain-dwelling tribe or cult of death worshipers. They were always one of the like—or at least, that’s how the stories went.
But something else he noted. There were slits of light above the cave entrance. So this dwelling had a second level at least. This “cave” of Andahls was no mere cleft in the rocks.
Taking in a deep breath, Jeanbleau steeled himself and stepped forward, his fingers tightening over his sword hilt.
The opening of the cave looked ancient, rocky and craggy with deep scoring in the rocks. But the cave it seemed, was not wholly natural. No, the mouth was bordered by old scrollwork that formed a magnificent arched embossment.
Definitely death worshiping cultists once inhabited this place.
Perhaps if such a well-known villain lived up here, it would have been better to bring a party, but the Pumpkin Princess needed aid now, not next month. 
It was the knightly thing to do, to strike out and assist such a damsel in distress, even if Jeanbleau was utterly outmatched. If any part of his sentencing was just, let this such action work toward him becoming reformed.
Though he disagreed with such a notion vehemently and wholeheartedly.
He smashed the snow as he took to each step and realized a stake in the ground, the skull of a human atop it. The bones were old, but not so old as to be an ancient thing. Whoever had died and been placed on this spike, the bones were un-aged enough that it could have been Andahl himself who did it.
A warning against trespassers.
Shivers ran up Jeanbleau’s spine as he glanced about warily.
He came to the last step before the ground leveled out into a slightly ascending turf of rocky, snow-covered terrain leading directly into the cave. Having not made out Andahl anywhere, this did nothing to calm the newly minted adventurer. Heart hammering inside his chest, Jeanbleau reached over with his right hand and grasped his sword hilt. Slowly, he pulled the blade free of its scabbard. 
Jeanbleau swallowed against the knot in his throat and glanced about once more. There were no signs of Andahl or anyone else. All was quiet.
Too quiet.
He stepped forward, the sound of his boots crunching with ever stride like shattering glass that echoed about him everywhere. Jeanbleau tensed, wondering if he could lighten his footsteps.
He tried, but to little avail.
Once he stepped out of the exposed terrain and under the ominously overhanging mountainside, he could see into the cave entrance. It went in straight, then turned left and right respectively.
Lit torches ensconced within the wall kept the corridor lit. But someone had to come here to tend these things. Did Andahl have companions or accomplices to his dastardly actions of kidnapping princesses and taking them to his cave?
And what did he do once they were brought here?
The dark nature of this place sent a shiver through him. He did hope that the princess was safe and unharmed—and if so, perhaps Jeanbleau would allow Andahl to live.
Without the ice or snow under his feet, his steps were now far quieter than they had been before. Jeanbleau moved forward and came to the wall at the end of the corridor where a small table sat. There were various items atop it such as melons, a dagger and some sheefs of leather.
He took the path to the left which abruptly turned to the right again, leading forward into a chamber beyond. Glancing about, Jeanbleau still saw no signs of life within the cave.
But what he did notice was that this “cave” was no cave. This place had flat walls and square corners. It was an ancient temple fortress carved into the side of the mountain!
Glancing up, there was no proper ceiling to speak of, only stalactites hanging from the roof of the cave along with chains that had been attached up there with them. Hanging from the chains were skinned animals, ready to be eaten.
Glancing down, Jeanbleau noticed another dagger atop a bloodied table where the meat preparation was obviously taking place—the hilt of which was large enough for Jeanbleau to put two hands around.
What an oddly large dagger for such an activity.
It must make cutting the meat difficult. So, this Andahl is not the smartest tool in the shed.
With a grin, Jeanbleau strode forward past the hanging meat and toward the chamber beyond. When he got closer, he realized the chamber was not a chamber at all, but a corridor that wound up and around with steps.
This led to the other level he could see from below. He stepped forward quickly but lightly, his feet barely touching the dark rocks as he went up
When he came to the second level, he glanced about, looking past the two torches and found an elongated wooden table in the center of the chamber filled with meats, fruits and wines.
Lit candelabras across the table provided more light and the silverware glinted in the glow. Beyond, the slits, or windows of the chamber, were framed by heavy black curtains which were only partially open, which was why he could hardly see the light coming from them from outside.
“Psst!”
Quickly, Jeanbleau glanced about, tensing for an attack.
“Pssst! Up here, dolt!”
He looked up at the sound of the woman’s voice coming from above. What he saw surprised him. There was a massive steel cage—like that of a bird’s nest with a domed top, hanging near the ceiling.
Narrowing his eyes, he asked quietly. “Are you the—“
“Shh!”
He stopped speaking.
She stared at him for a moment as she bent down in the cage. It was hard to make out her features from down on the ground, but she was quite obviously golden haired and dressed all in black.
She lifted a finger to her lips and she flicked her eyes to the wall and pointed. Jeanbleau followed with his own gaze and found a crank on the wall where a chain was wrapped around a wheel lock mechanism.
He nodded and strode toward it, then before taking hold, he glanced about one last time, then he shifted his eyes back up to the princess, who watched him from above. The bars on the cage were thick and spaced far enough apart that she could look down at him, but not so far that she couldn’t slip out of them.
Sheathing his blade, Jeanbleau took hold of the mechanism and started turning it, which required a lot of force, as the wheel was extremely hard to move. He had to grind his teeth and flex his muscles to the max.
As he turned the wheel lock, the cage came down with subtle stretching sounds as the rope strained. Jeanbleau turned it around in a full rotation once, then twice. As the cage neared the floor, he had to stop, and gasped for air as his muscles screamed for relief from their torture.
The cage was about head height now. Still too high for him to get at the lock.
Looking at her in there, he realized how beautiful she was.
“Hey,” she said as she grasped the bars on either side. “What’s your level?”
“I’m…”—he breathed heavily—“I’m… a level three. Why?”
“What?” she asked, her eyes widening. “Don’t you know the quest I put out says for level five or above? Can you not read?”
He was slightly taken aback by her rebuke of his level. All an adventurer’s level was, was in fact a soft gauging of skills and abilities. “Level three or level ten, my blade will pierce the neck of your captor just the same.”
She chortled. “Not if your blade can’t reach Andahl’s neck, good sir—oh noble adventurer, sir.”
Jeanbleau narrowed his eyes. “Are you mocking me, Princess?”
She cocked her head in surprise to his statement, though he knew not why. 
“We will see,” she said. “Now hurry up and lower me all the way. Then you can get about picking this lock.” She gestured to the device keeping the cage door shut with long slender fingers. He noted the glossy nature of her immaculate nails.
But there was one problem.
“I can’t pick locks.”
“What?!”
“I can’t pick locks,” he repeated. “I have no proficiency in those arts.”
“Then please tell me you brought companions who do know how to pick locks? A ‘party,’ yes?”
Jeanbleau shook his head.
“You fool!”
“Shh!” he shushed. “Are you not going to alert Andahl?”
“I’m not sure it would matter at this point, seeing as how you have no way to get me out of this cage. Pray tell, you at least found my staff on your way up here?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Oh gods.” She turned and put her dainty hand over her forehead. “He’s probably left it in his sleeping chambers. Quick! Go up and get it for me.”
“But what about you?”
She shrugged. “I’m not going anywhere, adventurer, since you don’t know how to pick locks. You can slip me my staff through these bars—then I can get myself out.”
“Hmm,” he mused. “I suppose you are right.”
She nudged her chin up to the ceiling and looked him square in the eyes with her bright blue gaze. “Go get my staff. I should be able to break this lock easily if I have it.”
“All right,” he said, nodding.
Then her eyes flicked from his to the direction of the stairs and she yelled as if to her savior—which was not to Jeanbleau—“Andahl! Help!”
Jeanbleau turned and nearly jumped out of his own skin as a scream very unbefitting an ex-knight was release from him.
“Andahl!” the Pumpkin Princess exclaimed desperately. “Save me! This wicked adventurer has come to claim me—to take me away from you.”
What in the name of the gods?
He turned with a deep frown on his face and looked up at her. She glanced at him quickly and winked with one eye.
“Ah, I see,” he said and turned back to stairs.
Andahl came forward, revealing himself.
Jeanbleau craned his neck, his eyes widening. “Good lords!”
The massive, monstrous and hideous Andahl stood at the base of the stairs and Jeanbleau realized then that Andahl was no man, but a fucking troll!
Swallowing, he nodded. “Yes!” Jeanbleau said. “I am here to take the princess from you!” Andahl snarled wordlessly, took two massive strides forward and Jeanbleau realized he had taken two involuntary steps backward.
“YOU WILL NOT!” Andahl growled, the force of his words heavy on the wind, which blew Jeanbleau’s locks about his shoulders.
“Good heavens,” Jeanbleau croaked as his ghost nearly left his body.
“Hey!” the princess hissed quietly. “Don’t just stand there. Fight him!”
Andahl suddenly lunged, his massive white palm flying through the air overhead to swat Jeanbleau like a bug.
“Fuck!” Jeanbleau bleated, and he jumped.
He had never seen a troll before—not in Machazelle. No—there were no trolls there, especially trolls that looked like this massive beast. Andahl stood twelve feet tall at least and his powerful hands were large enough to envelop Jeanbleau at the torso and crush him like a wad of dried grass!
But he had jumped out of the way of the troll’s attempt to crush him flat, landing on his backside and scrabbling backward.
Andahl surged forward, his strides heavy like logs pounding the stones with every step. Fortunately the princess’ cage was in his way and he had to lumber around it, giving Jeanbleau enough time to get up and run!
But there was nowhere to run!
“COME HERE!”
Jeanbleau glanced back several times. He considered making for the steps at the end of the corridor that curved upward much like the stairs leading up here, but he didn’t know what lay in wait for him there.
The chamber beyond could be a dead end with Jeanbleau having  nowhere to go like some kind of trapped rat, and like a trapped rat, his guts would be splattered all over the place if this monster got a hold of him.
So instead he took the completely-trash-but-safer path and ran to the far end of the heavy table, its boards whole logs that had been flattened by cutting the sides off. Jeanbleau would be unable to move such a table had he had a horse to assist him.
Andahl snarled as he stepped forward down the length of the table. 
Jeanbleau’s eyes widened and he went around the bend to the other side. This seemed to catch Andahl’s notice and he stopped, glared at Jeanbleau with massive teeth made for clawing meat into his ugly maw.
Jeanbleau chuckled nervously with the table between them. But then he took a step back as Andahl grabbed it and thrust forward.
Jeanbleau’s heart jumped into his throat as the table was about to be flipped atop him, but instead it only slid forward half a pace, making a hideous noise across the flat rocks as the legs slid violently over them.
“Ha!” Jeanbleau laughed and pointed his finger at the stupid troll.
Showing his massive teeth that jutted out of the bottoms of his mouth like short fat boar tusks, Andahl stepped atop one of the log chairs and then moved his weight atop the table proper.
Jeanbleau’s mouth hung open and a horrible thrill passed through his entire body, threatening to immobilize him. Andahl snarled as he jumped off the table at Jeanbleau.
Lunging forward, the exile adventurer landed on his forearms, his blade slamming metallically across the stones as he scrambled back up to his feet as fast as he could. 
Andahl’s thundering steps came from behind and Jeanbleau screamed pathetically as he circumnavigated the other end of the table, his boots sliding out from underhand as he went.
He toppled over.
Andahl grunted heavily and Jeanbleau knew this was the end, as the sound of that grunt indicated to him that Andahl was lashing out at himmmm!!!!!
Jeanbleau twisted his body and rolled across the animal-fur covered stones as fast as he could—like he was born to roll.
A loud slap hit the stones directly behind and Jeanbleau rolled over in two more full rotations.
“What are you doing?!” Oh gods!” the princess moaned. “Hey! Up here! Cut me loose, fool!”
As Jeanbleau came back to his feet, he lifted his sword—“I am not a fool!”—and heroically slashed through the thick rope.
Except his sword stopped. 
“What?!” he snapped with incredulity as he glanced at his dull blade.
Jeanbleau screamed, lifted his sword over his head and swung with all his might, this time the rope cut, but not fully as multiple strands frayed and twirled about the main mass.
Andahl cried out angrily, “NO YOU DON’T!”
Jeanbleau let out another pathetic sound and ducked under the slanted rope and ran in a crouched position past the underside of the cage. 
Andahl lumbered up to the cage, pushed it aside toward the wall slightly and ambled around it. With wide eyes, Jeanbleau didn’t run back for the safety of the table—whatever “safety” if offered. Instead he crab-sprinted around the cage as Andahl pursued him, but as he went, he swung his blade at the weak spot across the rope again, his blade bouncing back as more strands whipped away as they came undone.
“Pathetic!” the princess shrieked. “What kind of a dull blade is that anyway, huh?”
Jeanbleau ran to safety at the end of the table facing the stairs he had come up earlier, turning only for a split second to get a glance at Andahl. The troll was slowed as he went around the bulk of the cage.
“YOU CANNOT ESCAPE ME, HUMAN!” He lumbered forward and Jeanbleau recoiled from him. “I WILL CATCH YOU!”
“You haven’t caught me yet!”
Suddenly Andhal took paused and glanced about.  Then he moved away from Jeanbeau and he frowned after the monster. His eyes went over to the princess and with a shrug he asked an unspoken question.
She rolled her big blue eyes. “Ugh! Don’t give him ideas!”
“What?” Jeanbleau asked, but then his attention snapped onto to Andahl again just as the troll lumbered back from the wall, a pole in his huge right hand and the jaw bone of a hideous toothy monster lashed to the end of that pole, making it into a pike befitting barbarous troll.
Lifting his chin, Jeanbleau said, “Ah. I see what you mean. But not to worry!” he flourished his sword as best he could.
Exasperatedly the princess slapped a hand over her face.
 “What?! It’s your fault you forgot to mention ‘troll’ in the quest you took out!”
"Uuugh!" the princess moaned. “I specifically said level five adventurers and above!”
"Your attitude”—Andahl lunged and Jeanbleau reacted—“is not helpinnnng!" The toothy end of his spear missed Jeanbleau only by a hand span. For such a large being, Andahl was surprisingly quick.
Jeanbleau cut left and sprinted down the length of the table as Andahl tracked him with his ugly and malicious stare of beady eyes. Jeanbleau glanced at him with his trash sword held high, thinking that the massive troll was hardly even concerned about such a weapon.
Andahl grunted, then struck out at Jeanbleau over the table. The “evil” knight cried out in sudden alarm as the toothy jawhead came into contact with Jeanbleau's chest.
“Gyaah!” he cried.
But the blow was a glancing one, if "glancing" could even describe the manner in which the weapon impacted Jeanbleau. It had not hit him fully, but the large teeth—teeth Jeanbleau had originally believed to be of an ass from the hells or some such silly beast—were most likely from a far more predatory animal.
The teeth raked Jeanbleau across the chest, and feeling them bite somewhat—puns aside—had not otherwise wounded him deeply as his cloaks and armor took a shredding.
Still, the Princess of Pumpkins—or was it the Pumpkin Princess? No matter. In any event, she shrieked fearfully, lessening Jeanbleau's own pathetic cry of sudden alarm. "Take care, Sir Knight!" she exclaimed as he backed away.
Shaking his head, Jeanbleau thought, On the one hand she chastises me, and with the other she shows concern for my wellbeing.
"Stop grinning like a fool! Andahl nearly disemboweled you just now!"
Jeanbleau shook himself to the present.
Evidentially listening to her, the troll in question took pause and chortled, the sound low and rumbling like tumbling logs in a mill.
Jeanbleau sighed heavily. "Now who is giving him ideas?!"
With a ferocious growl that came deep within his throat, Andahl said, "DO NOT SPEAK OF ME AS IF I AM NOT HERE!"
Jeanbleau regarded him. "You are quite articulate—much more so than I earlier gave you credit for, Andahl."
Ignoring his words, the troll broke right and began to make his way around the table as Jeanbleau, like a bead floating in a glass tube of water that had been tilted, recoiled away in perfect synchronicity. Andahl seemed to take notice of this quick reaction and stopped suddenly.
"You!" the princess barked.
Both Andahl and Jeanbleau turned to regard the caged girl in her black cloak hemmed in similarly black feathers that shimmered with a blue sheen.
"Yes?" they both asked at once.
The princess sniffed with an air of nervous bemusement. Then she shrugged, clearly unsure what to say while she had their attentions.
Despite that Andahl was on the side of the table shared with the space that her cage occupied, Jeanbleau seized the opportunity to lung forward toward the wall crank—and since Andahl wasn't paying him any mind Jeanbleau was able to slash for the third time, at the fraying rope The princess squealed with sudden exuberance before yelpping as her cage slammed metallically onto the stone floor. 
Jeanbleau asked, "Are you well, Princess?"
Confusedly she answered, "Oh? Hmm, yes—look out!'
"HEY!" Andahl bellowed, the force of his shout thunderous enough to rattle metal plate, assuming Jeanbleau even had any—which of course he did not. "COME BACK HERE!"
Stupidly and immaturely, Jeanbleau had distracted himself with his concern for the princess's safety.
Andahl cried out throatily—"HRRRAH!"—as Jeanbleau jumped behind the metal cage to safety. 
With a heavy grunt, he landed on his arm.
"HA!" Andahl shouted triumphantly. "DEAD."
But of course Jeanbleau was far from dead—he wasn't even hurt. Quickly he got up and seeing that Andahl was not pursuing, he sauntered out from behind the cage and put his most triumphant grin on. Haughtily he said, "Thou canist not kill me so easily, troll!" And he pointed the tip of his blade toward the troll as if he were some famous knight errant.
"Gods help me..." the princess muttered.
A small part of Jeanbleau was crestfallen. He had imagined this rescue happening a little differently—with more appreciation from the princess at least, but perhaps she would shower him with gratitude after he had successfully saved her?
"WHY WILL YOU NOT DIE, HUMAN?"
Jeanbleau laughed, now that his confidence was swelling. "Because I am this lady's courageous rescuer, and you are destined to fall here, monster!"
The princess turned her head to regard Jeanbleau. "Oh? Then by that account... 'good sir,' get on with it!"
They both looked at her, Jeanbleau because of his disappointment, Andahl  probably because of her disloyalty. She seemed to realize both of their disappointments and shrugged. "There is nothing by which I can do, gentlemen regarding your duel. May the best—er—'fighter,' win!”
Andahl and Jeanbleau looked at each other in surprise and Jeanbleau snorted along with Andahl.
Then they reacted.
Andahl growled, lifting his spear as Jeanbleau screamed while lurching forward. He lifted his sword and struck Andahl across the forearm.
The troll recoiled reflexively as a thrill shot through Jeanbleau. It was over. He had struck the troll a wounding blow that—
"OWE!" Andahl said and shook the pain away, not a drop of blood or otherwise visible cut on his arm.
Jeanbleau's heart sunk and he chortled nervously like a fool.
"You should have sharpened your sword before coming here," the princess drawled. Jeanbleau glanced at her as she pushed her forehead to the cage bars, her dainty hands clasping the cold steal. Her face was a mask of sardonic annoyance.
And then Andahl huge yellow eyes fell over Jeanbleau and he smiled.
"Oh no..." Jeanbleau gasped.
The princess yawned—she actually yawned!— patting the air in front of her pink lips as Jeanbleau took two steps back.
Murderous glee filled Andahl's eyes as he raised his spear.
Then she said, "You better run adventurer."

Chapter FIVE—The Pumpkin Princess of Ilth!
As a knot of apprehension and sickly realization of the futility of his situation formed in his stomach, Jeanbleau made to break right and flee around the table without any further thought going forward regarding his situation. 
Unfortunately, Andahl cut him off, reaching out wide with his spear.
Jeanbleau made to move left, but then Andahl, with lightning quick reflexes, thrust his spear against the rock wall, cutting off his path.
"Oh, let him go, dear Andahl!" the princess exclaimed. Jeanbleau saw her shrug from the corner of his eye. "He is of no consequence to you."
Jeanbleau didn't know whether to be thankful that she put forth some small effort to save his life or if he should be crestfallen over how dismissive she was of his skills.
In either event it mattered little, as Andahl reacted in such a manner as to not befit anything beneficial to Jeanbleau in the least as a ghastly grin formed on the troll’s big toothy face.
Jeanbleau stepped back and stopped when his heels hit the first step leading to the next level—his only possible escape!
"Andahl!" the princess called, her tone more stressed and filled with expectation.
Without waiting for the troll to strike first, Jeanbleau turned and charged up the steps, Andahl's cry of anger and lustful glee to murder chasing up after him.
Heart thundering, Jeanbleau’s boots slammed atop the woven mat at the top. He glanced about jerkily  for an escape. More of Andahl's laughter followed as he charged toward the slits in the rock leading out to freedom.
The “evil adventurer” adventurer as the detractors at his trial had called him, reached into one of the opening, his hand barely breaking the face of the mountain outside where the cold air met his skin.
Heavy footsteps, slow and foreboding of Jeanbleau's death echoed into the chamber. Jeanbleau turned and glanced back toward the stone steps. Andahl's huge shadow was cast about the chiseled rocks more monstrous than even his own form could reveal.
"YOU ARE GOING TO DIE, FOOLISH ADVENTURER!"
Jeanbleau's stomach heaved and he swallowed, realizing the troll was taking his time. Jeanbleau thrust his shoulder through the crack and grunted. He wouldn’t make it through.
But he might, though not with his armor and cloaks he realized.
In a jerky panic, he stepped back, dropped his very-nearly-worthless sword and ripped his cloaks off. Then he unbuckled his belt and threw his armor onto the floor.
A deep and horrible laugh echoed up the stairs. "I HEAR THE PANICK OF A FOOLISH ADVENTURER ABOUT TO BE CRUSHED!"
"Ha!" Jeanbleau shot back, surprised his voice didn’t crack on the first word. "Think twice, troll!"
Another laugh, this one of derision, came back. "YOU CANNOT… ESCAPE."
Jeanbleau picked up his blade, then made to thrust himself through the crack when something suddenly began to glow. Jeanbleau squinted at it. It looked like a scepter of burnished black steel. In its nadir a white crystal pulsed.
With a gasp, he realized this must belong to the princess! He snatched it up, the light from the crystal shining about before quickly dimming.
From bellow he heard Andahl gasp. "STOP, HUMAN! DO NOT TOUCH THAT!"
A sudden fright—and thrill—shot through Jeanbleau. "As I said, troll," he proclaimed, "think twice—haha!”
Andahl's heavy footfalls thundered up the last few steps and he appeared in the entry. Bending, he lumbered into the chamber, but having no armor or other raiment that weighed or thickened his form, Jeanbleau had nothing stopping him from making his escape.
His heart soared, pounding with thunderous relief at the prospect of his getting away. Jeambleau lunged into the crack in the rocks as Andahl snarled after him. Jeanbleau was far too quick. He pushed himself out, intending to lean back so his boots could slide across the slanted rock face and—"Gaiiyayayaaaa!"
After slipping he was dragged down the face far faster than he thought possible and he landed into the window cutout bellow, his feet coming into contact stiffly.
Something shot through his shin, like a sharp object, and Jeanbleau heard something crack like wood.
Pain like a white hot knife pierced his leg and he cried out and fell back into the chamber where the princess was. As Jeanbleau howled, he heard the princess gasp.
"My staff!" she laughed. It was a feminine sound of exultant gratitude and happiness. "You got my staff!"
He glanced backed at her, the shrieking pain in his leg forcing a sharp wince over his facial features.
"I'M GOING TO KILL YOU, HUMAAAN!"
The princess's eyes widened and she gasped again as she glanced up toward the dark rocky ceiling covered in crystalline stalactites. In a sudden panic she beckoned to Jeanbleau quickly. "You! Whatever your name is—give me my staff!"
Jeanbleau raised the item as Andahl thundered down the steps.
But he wouldn’t be able to get it to her by simply reaching. He lay down on his back and locked eyes with the princess before he tossed her the staff, a slice of pain taking him in the leg again.
Andahl appeared on the bottom of the steps in a slathering rage just as the princess's magical item hit the rocks and rolled toward her cage.
The troll's eyes caught the movement and he reached out desperately as she picked it up. She laughed. "Yes!"
Pointing her device at Andahl, she commanded, "Do not move!"
But he had already lunged toward the cave, forcing Jeanbleau to jerk with surprise and sudden fright. His leg spasmed like the devils of the underworld, and what happened next, he missed almost entirely, but what Jeanbleau heard was a feminine shout and a sudden explosion—but not one of fire—and Andahl went flying into the window beside him.
With a heavy grunt his form stopped moving and his massive head fell onto his chest. Jeanbleau ground his teeth against the pain in his leg and gasped for air. With his wandering eyes, he found the princess in her cage.
She stepped back, her heeled boots clacking against the metal plate flooring before she twirled her staff and cried out an incantation in some language Jeanbleau had never heard before. A sudden burst of golden light shot out of the crystal head and hit the lock. It exploded and the cage door flew open, clanging loudly enough to make Jeanbleau jump.
She stepped out, the black feathers on her cloak fluttering with her movements. Jeanbleau used his arm and good leg to move away from the window half a pace. The princess looked down on him and flung her cloak open, whereupon she put her hands on her hips.
Jeanbleau's eyes widened when he saw what she was wearing underneath. Her boots were high heeled to the point that she stood a whole hand span higher than her true height. Those boots of black leather, shining in the candlelight, climbed to above her knees where the bare skin of her upper thighs began, save for her garter belts which climbed up past her bare hips to connect with her corseted bodysuit that pushed up the princess' breasts so magnificently as to reveal her most excellent cleavage, making it impossible for Jeanbleau's imagination not to begin stirring.
A dainty hand made a beckoning motion upward. Glancing up above her breasts and completely bare shoulders, he found her blue eyes and a knowing smirk on her lips.
With a deepening smile she said, "I see that you managed to find my face, good adventurer."
With very little in the ways that he might react to her discovering his completely obvious ogling, Jeanbleau chuckled dumbly as his cheeks flared hot.
And then a sudden spasm took him and he squeezed his eyes shut amid a grunt of sharp travelling pain.
"Oh!' she exclaimed and put a hand to her mouth. "My apologies. I almost forgot you're hurt." She bent down and looked at his leg. She made to touch him, but then jerked her hand back.
Amidst a stifled groan, Jeanbleau said, "Broken."
She nodded. "I'm—I'm going to see if I can heal you, okay?"
He nodded. She was a magician. Of course she could—
"GAAAHHH!"
"AHHHH! I'msorryI'msorryI'msorry!!!"
Jeanbleau gasped, trying his hardest not to cry out a second time like a whiny fool, but by the gods, what the devil had she just done to him?!
With the backs of her hands held up against her breasts, she muttered, "I'm not really the best of healers..."
Jeanbleau chuckled nervously as a bead of sweat rolled down the side of his face. "Not great at avoiding capture by trolls either," he quipped.
Surely that would lighten the tense air and make her feel better about—
"Well I'm not the one who decided to break his leg in a buffoonish stunt trying to run like—"
"Hey!" he snapped as a sudden indignation struck him. "Try to show some gratitude! You could have mentioned—he gestured to the giant—"'Andahl' here is a troll in your quest pin!"
She looked at him with widening eyes, her magnificent bosom swelling as her mouth opened. Then it closed. Then she opened it again and pointed an adorably small forefinger in his face. "My quest stated level 5! What part of 'level 5 and above' do you not understand, adventurer?" She made a pouty face and crossed her arms underneath her breasts. "Hmmph!"
Jeanbleau bared his teeth to snarl a response when she added, "And incidentally, what is your level again anyway?"
"That doesn't matter," he equivocated.
"What? Of course it matters, you rookie!"
That stung.
"Tell me, adventurer."
"MY NAME IS NOT 'ADVENTURER!'"
She jerked her head back, a look of sudden surprise coming over her soft features. A pause—a bedeviled awkward one, followed for a moment.
After a time the princess finally clicked her tongue in frustration. "Well, what is your name? You can tell me that much, oui?!”
He looked at her, a small part of him hating her for being so godsdamned ungrateful. "It's Jeanbleau," he offered grudgingly. "My name is Jeanbleau..."
She looked at him, and to his surprise, she smiled and nodded. "Jeanbleau," she said, repeating his name.
His anger instantly subsided and—
The princess snorted, her hands smacking up to her mouth to cover the burst of laughter.
Nevermind.
Jeanbleau growled.
I've had enough of this wench!
He tried to stand, but his leg made another cracking sound.
"GAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!" he screamed.
"AHHHH!!!!” she screamed. “What are you doing?!!! Stay still!"
"How can I stay still when the woman I just rescued can't show an ounce of gratitude and humility? You wound my honor!"
She frowned. "But aren't you an exile?"
The lingering groan that came out of Jeanbleau's throat was worthy of a troll's vocal output. "Gods!" he snapped and gestured wildly with his hands. "There it is again!"
A throb of thunderous pain came across him and he stifled a howl.
"Oh my gods!" the princess cried, and she put her hands upon his shoulders. "Don't try to walk. Stay still. Don't move. I'll see if a can open a portal to my castle."
"You have a castle?"
She turned around to regard him. "Errr..."—she shrugged as if to say more or less—"I suppose you could call it that."
Jeanbleau nodded. "Can you heal me there?”
Her eyes widened and she nodded. "Oh yes!"
"Well," he said, gesturing. "Portal us away then."
Once again the princess nodded and resolutely she said, "Right then!"
She muttered some invocations and the crystal on her staff brightened. Jeanbleau gasped as a stream of magic shot forth in a whirl of bright white streams of light that enveloped them both before whooshing around them in a cyclone.
The world spun and the light plumed outward, the cold air hitting Jeanbleau as he landed in the grass atop a hill. The princess sstood beside him and fussed over his gasps of pain.
"Again, I am so sorry," she said.
Grinding his teeth, Jeanbleau had to work hard not to be too grumpy. "Just..." He sighed. " What is your name?"
"My name?"
"Yes, what do I call you?"
"Ah!" she exclaimed. Then with an outlandish flourish she added, "You may call me Lady Divine Benevolent Mistress of"—Jeanbleau rolled his eyes—"right!" She nodded firmly. "Just call me Amélie. Or you can call me Lady Montillier." She smiled. "Your choice."
"You're a lady, then?"
"Well yes," she said as if he were asking a dumb question.
So... She wasn't a "princess" after all. Just a silly girl with a bit of magical talent from some noble family from the-gods-knew-where.
With a heavy sigh he said, "Amélie, can you"—he grunted—"just get me to your... castle? I'm in a lot of pain."
"Oui!" she exclaimed. "Again, I am so sorry, Jean…?"—she smiled and Jeanbleau gave her a dangerous look—"Jeanbleau."
"Thank you."
Again she used her magic and this time they ended up splashing about a waist-deep river of slow moving water. The frigid nature of it made Jeanbleau gasp, as did Amélie.
“Oh gods!” she exclaimed, and bounded in the water. "Hold on!" She put her arms behind his back to keep him from sinking.
"I can swim!" he said as she fussed about him. Jeanbleau wasn't wearing any armor, so he wasn't in danger of sinking. But still, she fussed over him and he would have gotten cross...
If it were not for Amélie's distracting breasts directly in front of his face. He tried not to ogle her, but as they jiggled about by her strained movements and her inadvertent pressing up against his face, he found the moment highly distracting to say the least.
Finally, venturing not to make his interest in her body completely obvious, he stood on his good leg.
"Oh," Amélie said. " You can stand!"
Despite the cold waters and their bluing lips, Jeanbleau realized the cold water soothed the pain from his wound—at least somewhat. He nodded. "We should depart."
Visibly shivering, Amélie nodded back, lifted her wand and whirled them about again. Had Jeanbleau eaten recently, he was certain this magical method of travel would have caused him to retch already.
The world spun and Jeanbleau was dropped onto the ground where he landed on his good foot. He stumbled, but Amélie caught him. Daintiness was no match for his height and weight, and so he fell back anyway, the “princess” right along with him—and they ended up sprawled in the grass—the magician atop Jeanbleau with her left leg straddling him inadvertently.
Amélie cheeks heated, as he saw them redden, even in the lack of light. "Oh," she said dumbly. "I'm sorry."
"It's quite all right," Jeanbleau said hurriedly. "I am uninjured."
She nodded, her golden locks bobbing about the sides of her face. "Right... I'm going to get off of you now."
"That would be helpful," Jeanbleau said, his own cheeks heating as he cleared his throat, though he was regretful of her last words.
She was careful not to come into contact with his broken leg as she stood up. "Well," she said, dusting off her hands and body of the stray bits of grass that had stuck to her. "I will help you stand."
Jeanbleau put out his hand and Amélie took it. She yanked with a grunt of effort on her part, but her physical strength did little to move him.
"Wait," he said. The beautiful structure behind Amélie caught his eye. With a gesture, he said, "Your 'castle' I presume?"
"Huh? Oh!" She turned quickly to regard the structure, then turned back around. She chortled nervously and nodded.
"It's impressive," he offered, not overemphasizing his judgment on the matter. As castles went, it was pitiful, but this was no castle—it was a manor of wood and tiled roofs, the base a slanted stone bulwark five paces high. Within, the structure the rooms were illuminated and on the outer verandas no guards walked where red lanterns hung serenely in the evening air.
"Oh," Amélie said, and smiled. "Thank you, Jeanbleau."
He nodded. "Is there anyone else who can come out and assist me?"
She frowned, the look on her features of confusion and mild hurt.
By her sudden reaction Jeanbleau decided to amend his question by adding, "To make things... easier, I mean."
Amélie glanced back at her 'castle' and then said, "Well, I don’t know. There's Wuxyl"—"Excellent!” Jeanbleau said—"but he's a cat," Amélie finished.
They paused awkwardly. To break that silence Jeanbleau nodded and put out his hand, determined to finish this affair of getting into Amélie's castle.
"When I say, pull as hard as you can, okay?"
"Oh—uh—okay!"
He moved, positioning his good leg and free arm in a manner that would best suit him rising back to a standing position. Then he nodded, counting.
Amélie visibly tensed, swallowing as she gripped his hand. When he hit "three" he called, "Pull!"
She leaned back and pulled with both arms, grunting and kicking as Jeanbleau nearly fell but righted himself. As he came to the standing position that he wanted, Amélie continued pulling with all of her physical capabilities.
He lost balance and stumbled forward toward her.
"AHH!"
"OH!"
As he caught his balance with her help—they must have looked like two rookie ice skaters flailing about—Jeanbleau yanked his hand back reflexively from the soft mound he had inadvertently squeezed.
She glanced away, an embarrassed smile on her face. Jeanbleau was an idiot. He cleared his throat. "My sincerest apologies."
"No, it was—it was nothing. Let us go to the castle."
He nodded and allowed her to sidle beside him so he could put and arm over her bare shoulders. The touch of her soft skin was warm and inviting in the chill night. But whatsmore, Jeanbleau found that he wanted to touch her.

Jeanbleau hobbled forward at no small effort on Amélie's part. "Wuxyl!" she called. "I'm home.”
Jeanbleau glanced about, the warm and dry environment of the entry a welcome relief to being outside. Slippers and shoes sat silently in neat rows in the sunken entry. 
They hobbled forward some more and came into an ante chamber with a large crackling hearth, a small cauldron on the boil with a wooden stool placed nearby.
“Here," Amélie said. "Sit here." She helped him onto the sofa and then glanced about for someone who wasn't there. "Wuxyl?" After the animal didn't arrive, she turned to Jeanbleau. "I'm sorry. He's not here. I'm going to go find him."
He nodded and watched the eccentric magician wander off. Jeanbleau glanced about as a clock ticked away. The room was completely silent except for that clock and the crackling fireplace. 
After waiting for some moments, he rolled his eyes. Jeanbleau was sitting here with a broken leg and yet Amélie had run off to go find her pet cat!
No wonder that lumbering troll caught her. Magician or no, she's a ditzy scatterbrain.
With a heavy sigh and a wince from the returning throb in his leg, he listened to the crackling fire and the ticking grandfather clock.
He sighed heavily.
I forgot to sharpen my blade. He looked up into the smoke stained rafters overhead. They were thick and high. I have no standing to criticize Amélie.
"Mew!"
Jeanbleau turned his head as a black cat with golden eyes and orange stripes strode into the chamber. It looked at him and sniffed twice. He sighed. "And I suppose you're Wuxyl? That ditz of a magician is looking for you."
The cat regarded him and made a discontented face.
"Come on, cat—even you must realize it?"
The little beast yowled.
"Don't take that tone with me, fish face."
The cat stared at him and hissed. 
“Then you’re a stupid cat if you don’t see it…”
"You're quite rude, human.”
Jeanbleau's eyes shot open as utter surprise took him. He glanced about. "Not possible."
"I assure you," the cat said as he stood up on his hind legs and sauntered to the stool perched beside the boiling cauldron, "'it' is more possible than you think."
The cat's voice was scratchy and thin with a growling quality to it. Jeanbleau glanced about for Amélie—who was surely hiding in some unseen location as she pranked him with this magician's trickery.
The cat stirred the pot.
"I am no trick."
Just then Amélie strode into the chamber and her eyes widened. A smile touched her pink lips. "There you are, Wuxyl. I've been looking for you. I see you've found our guest?"
"Indeed," the cat said. "Quite insulting this one is."
"All right," Jeanbleau said with an enduring laugh. "You have had your fun Amélie, but can we not see to my leg now?”
The cat looked at him and flicked his tail violently. "Do you see? No respect."
"It's not his fault, Wuxyl. Jeanbleau," she said. "This is Wuxyl. He's a rare demihuman."
"He's a talking cat!"
"I am not a cat!"
"Actually," Amélie said with a smile as she pointed a finger into the air, "he's a lesser feline."
“Lesser feline…” Wuxyl muttered as he trailed off in a dismissive snort.
"I've never heard of such a thing," Jeanbleau protested. Was she trying to get back at him for something he had said earlier?
"I might venture that there are a lot of 'things' you haven't heard of, human."
Amélie sighed lightly. "Wuxyl, he's hurt. Can you prepare a tonic?"
With a nod, Wuxyl said, "I already have, Lady Divine, Benevolent Mistress of Pumpkins and of Ilth." He bowed.
She clicked her tongue, smiled and swatted her hand at the air. "I told you, Wuxyl—here's no need for all that."
"Yes," he said with a nod. "I only used your full title for this lout's edification."
Jeanbleau's jaw opened like a fish, and like a fish gasping outside of water, he closed his stupid mouth. Either this was a superbly acted ruse—in which case Amélie was the greatest actress he had ever come across—or this was real.
He glanced between them.
There was no way she was this smart. Not a chance in all the hells or heavens! Wincing, he pushed himself off the sofa and landed on his knee across the tiled floors.
"Oh!" Amélie exclaimed, putting a hand to her mouth. "Are you all right?"
Jeanbleau ignored the fiery pain in his leg and thrust the knee of his good leg forward so that he could kneel properly.
"Forgive me, Princess," he said. "I have been unruly in your presence from the offset of our meeting and I wish to ask for your royal forgiveness."
"Um..." she noised uncertainly as she put a finger to her lip. As Jeanbleau stared at the tiles with his head bowed, she mumbled more uncertainties until Wuxyl tapped the ladle in his pot louder than need be. "Yes!" she added more firmly. "I forgive you, Jeanbleau."
"Jeanbleau?" the cat asked skeptically, and he snorted.
"Wuxyl!" Amélie admonished. "That is uncalled for. Not all of us are as fortunate as others."
Jeanbleau persevered, sighing heavily through his sudden frustration.
"Apologies, Princess," Wuxyl said.
"Anyway," Amélie added. "Lift your head, Jeanbleau."
He did as she commanded and he found Wuxyl looking on skeptically as he held out the long ladle with both arms. Amélie had her hands on her hips as she supported most of her weight on one leg.
"You are forgiven," Amélie said with a genuine nod.
"Thank you."
"Now," Wuxyl said, swinging the ladle around. "Drink this."
Jeanbleau looked at it and the princess nodded emphatically. The oozing bile reeked. "I'm not touching this," Jeanbleau declared as he made a face of disgust, one he hardly had to act out.
"Ha!" Wuxyl cried. "You're going to slurp this up, adventurer—and you're going to like it!"
Perhaps Jeanbleau had been mistaken about the princess playing pranks on him for revenge, but this Wuxyl definitely wanted Jeanbleau to taste his revenge.
"It's only bad for a moment," Amélie said. "Go on, you'll feel better and it will mend your leg in no time at all."
Jeanbleau glanced between the magician and her cat friend, the former of which was still oddly under and overdressed at the same time. "Do we... not have to set my leg first?"
With a smile Amélie shook her head and shrugged with both palms facing the rafters. "That's the beauty of magic. We don't."
Breathing in deeply, Jeanbleau looked at the greenish pool within the ladle that Wuxyl was continuing to thrust forward. He swallowed and at the beseeching request and encouragement in the princess' eyes, Jeanbleau slurped up the tonic and swallowed the substance as fast as he could.
 
In the frigid night so as traveller strode merrily along the road to his destination, passing the old Momoraitsu Shrine and suddenly glanced up in wonderment as a loud howl broke the silence of the night.
"OUUUAAAAAHHHHHH!!!"
With a shrug, the traveller pressed on, having already heard tails of a magician who now inhabited the old shrine.
 
Blinking, Jeanbleau opened his eyes to rays of warm morning sunshine. He had slept horribly, as Wuxyl had said he would, all the while hiding a smirk behind that little paw where sharp and curved claws regularly protracted and retracted. 
Had the little fur ball been flexing?
Amélie had cast a pain relieving spell, and for a time it had worked. Jeanbleau fell asleep as soon as his chin hit the bed pillow, but sometime in the night that must have changed, because he awoke amidst fiery throbs that pulsed inside his bones.
He figured that pain must have been due to his bones reknitting back together. He had wanted to wake Amélie up, but couldn't bring himself to do it. And so he had endured that pain for what seemed like hours.
When it finally subsided, Jeanbleau had found himself in a hot sweat. Breathing heavily, he had closed his eyes and sleep took him.
Now, in the comfort of the soft covers and white pillows, he simply blinked, too tired to get out of bed. He sighed contentedly as warm sunshine shone across his face through the window, the dust motes coming from the dark rafters overhead falling silently like snow.
There were footsteps outside and suddenly there was a knock at the door. Jeanbleau bid the cat enter and was surprised when he saw Amélie in the door bearing a tray of hot items—breakfast tea and food no doubt.
Hurriedly he sat up in bed and glanced about to make sure no part of him was unduly exposed, but with his long nightshirt, that was unlikely in any event.
Amélie smiled and set the tray on the bed. "Here you go."
She tapped him on the arm playfully and he frowned. When Amélie looked at him quizzically, Jeanbleau said, "Should I not be the one serving you?"
She laughed. "Don't be silly. You are my guest. Oh fine. Think of it as a gesture of further thanks. You did rescue me after all."
That's right. I had almost forgotten.
He nodded.
"And on that note," Wuxyl said peevishly as he entered the bedchamber, "it's time to settle the quest payment."
Jeanbleau's heart sunk a little bit. He was looking forward to the coin. It would be a good start in what was otherwise a rock bottom beginning in a new world. "Wait, did you write the quest ticket?”
And I had snapped at her for not mentioning who or what Andahl was!
"What?" Wuxyl asked, his tail flicking out from behind his body suddenly. "Of course I didn't." He lifted his front paws into the air and wiggled them about. "No opposable thumbs."
Jeanbleau almost laughed.
"So you can smile, can't you, Jeanbleau?" It was Amélie, wearing a house robe trimmed in black fur down the hem of the opening, which was sashed shut, though that didn't stop her bust from pushing the hems apart near the top to expose the beautiful crack of flesh.
Wuxyl glanced at Jeanbleau and cleared his throat.
Jeanbleau shook himself. "You are correct," he said quickly. "The quest is finished."
Amélie glanced up toward the ceiling as if she had caught Jeanbleau in a compromising situation and was waiting for him to quickly and discretely rectify the situation. "About the money's...” she said, and trailed off.
Wuxyl looked at Amélie quickly, then regarded Jeanbleau with a critical eye.
"Yes?" Jeanbleau asked expectantly.
Amélie sighed and to the cat, she said, "We have to."
Yellow eyes widening, Wuxyl shook his head. 
"What?" Jeanbleau asked.
Wuxyl then crossed his furry front legs. "No way."
"Tell me," Jeanbleau said. "No games."
With a contrite and heavily embarrassed look on her face, Amélie said, "We would love to pay you, Jeanbleau—and believe us, we have every intention to"—Wuxyl crossed his arms like he was some kind of gutter-rat gang boss—"it's just that right now we're..."
As Amélie winced, Jeanbleau narrowed his eyes. "You just won't."
That was right. Amélie was a magician and she could do whatever she wished with Jeanbleau—including but not limited to paying him long after he rendered his services. Why hadn't Luarr urged him to check the reputations of quest givers? Wasn’t she supposed to look at for new adventurers?
Was that even a thing?
"It's not that we 'won't'," Wuxyl said.
Still wincing, Amélie added, "It’s that we can't. You see, Jeanbleau. We're broke."
"Broke?" he asked, sitting up straighter. Instinctually he started looking for things he might sell to make up the price.
"Mhm," she noised with a nod. Then quickly she added, "We can pay you in installments. Would you be okay with that?"
It wasn't like he had a choice. 
But he knew Amélie wasn't lying. That much Jeanbleau could tell. He glanced about and gestured. "All this and you have no money?"
"We fell into some extenuating circumstances," Wuxyl said.
"Big words for a house cat..."
"What did you just call me, human?" Wuxyl made a fist and shook it.
Amélie sighed. "Now that’s enough of that, you two. What he meant to say Jeanbleau, was that we incurred some debts."
Jeanbleau grinned. "I knew what he meant." Then realizing he wasn't getting paid, he sighed heavily.
"So," Amélie asked beseechingly, "you'll accept what we can offer you right now?"
The air of nervous apprehension on both of their faces was far too serious not to mean dire consequences of some sort. Perhaps as a consequence of not paying, the adventurer guilds would levy hefty fines, or perhaps ban them from posting quests.
Either way, Jeanbleau didn't know if those things were true, but judging by 
Amélie and Wuxyl's expressions, he knew he wasn't that far off the mark. Had he been an evil man in truth, Jeanbleau could easily use this opportunity to extort the two right now—maybe get them to agree to a double pay out.
Shame I'm not the evil danger to society they made me out to be at my trial.
"All right," he finally said. "I'll take whatever pay you can afford in installments until you've paid the entirety of the sum you promised me."
Amélie's eyes widened. "Really?"
Jeanbleau sighed.  So much for getting a quick leg up in this new land. He nodded. "Yeah."
With a sudden ear-piercing shriek, Amélie jumped, making Jeanbleau flinch with sudden surprise as she lunged forward and threw her arms around him. Jeanbleau fought the urge to look at her loose breasts as they nearly fell out of her robes.
Then she kissed Jeanbleau on the cheek. He found his eyes widening as he looked at her, her big blue eyes misting as his cheeks heated.
"Now don't go getting too frisky, you hear?”
Amélie wiped her eyes and glanced back at Wuxyl who was pointing a menacing finger at them both. She laughed. "Oh, don't worry about that, Wuxyl—Jeanbleau's not interested in the things women have to offer!"
"Very good," Wuxyl said with relief.
Had Jeanbleau been sipping on his tea, he'd have accidentally boiled off his manhood. "WHAT?!”
Amélie laughed and swatted the air. "There's no need to be shy, Jeanbleau! I knew it the moment we met!" She nodded fervently.
Gods!
"But it's not the case!” he protested. “I like—"
"Well!" Wuxyl interjected. "Good we got that little tidbit wrapped up." He dusted off his paws. "I'm hungry! Do we have any fish?”
He turned and sauntered out of the room.
Amélie smiled at Jeanbleau, then turned to follow Wuxyl out of the room. "There's still some fish in the kitchens."
"Ah-haha!"
Breathing a heavy sigh, Jeanbleau's eyes fell to the covers.
"Oh! Jeanbleau!"
He nearly jumped out of the covers as she startled him suddenly. "Yes?"
"You will stay, won't you?"
Frowning in confusion, he asked, "Stay?"
"Yes, here in Momoraitsu Shrine of course!”
He swallowed, taken aback by her question. "If you're offering lunch, then I suppose—"
"Not lunch, silly!" She giggled. "I mean stay here, with me and Wuxyl. You're new to Ōkina Basho. You're not already staying somewhere, are you?"
"I—well... no, I am not."
Amélie smiled. "Good! Then it's settled! I'll go tell Wuxyl you've joined the party!"
"Wait!" he called, his hand left in the open air like his words as Amélie disappeared once again.
Jeanbleau took a deep breath and pushed his hair back with both hands. Then he sniffed with amusement and relief.
As a start to his new beginning, things were going well—and now he had friends. With a smile still on his face, Jeanbleau got out of bed and put some clothes on.
Why on this earth is she called the Pumpkin Princess?
Then he left to go join the others of his new party, his leg not paining him in the least.
Jeanbleau smiled.

Afterward
Thank you for reading Jeanbleau and the Pumpkin Princess of Ilth! This was my first attempt at writing a story where comedy played more than a fleeting role. I’m not certain how well I pulled it off, but I will allow you, dear reader to make that decision.
As I write further into this series and produce more volumes for you to read, I will continue to try my hand at interjecting comedy into these stories. As with every new project, there’s a learning experience by myself, as I always try something new to further my writing skills so in the future I might write stories that are even better and more enjoyable.
Even though that quote preceding the prologue holds a certain air of truth at times, Jeanbleau is not the only fool in this story—as you, I trust are very well aware. But that being said, the prologue has given us an event, one by which Jeanbleau and his new friends will eventually find themselves. They are known far and wide and are the envy of many if for nothing else than their beauty and their prowess in a battle, but not withstanding their sheer confidence!
I’m very interested to write a plethora of stories set in our wonderful new world of Ōkina Basho. How Jeanbleau and Amélie will grow is as much a mystery to me as it might be for you.
Let’s find out together, dear readers!
The only thing I’m dreading is the writing of names containing accents. It’s such a pain to write names with accents, since every time I need the name I have to go copy it from somewhere else and then bring it into the document.
And a final thing.
Much time and effort is expended to write these stories, so I welcome any form of support you can offer, weather that be a simple rating on the platform of your choice, a review, or the decision to buy this, or any other story I will have written by the time you’ve read this afterward.
I know, it seems like doing the dogeza. But I am at the mercy of you, my humble readers—which lets be completely honest—at this stage in my “writing career” (haha!) isn’t many. 
But I really do appreciate you. Every “thank you,” every, “I enjoyed that book,” is a great boost to my writerly morale. We have to win this battle, men! And women too! We can do it! *Raises triumphant fist into the air.*
And with that, I’ve just decided on the spot to release this short novel for free, at least on the outset. I hope you enjoy it.
Until next time!
Lawrence Caldwell

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Lawrence Caldwell is believed by some to be a wandering samurai, or a vagrant, or possibly a ninja—though perhaps in his infinite mystery, he’s none of these things. Whichever the case, he wanders home as Odysseus did after the great Trojan War in some realm unbeknownst to our world. And—by direct theft of a quote from a certain dwarf named Varric Tethras—he “occasionally writes books.”

For discounts, updates on what I’m writing and when I’ll be releasing various titles, sign up to my newsletter or check out my goodreads profile where you can follow my author profile or ask me questions about my books!
