Johnny Came To Town

By Anthony North

Copyright: © Anthony North 2019
Cover image copyright: © Yvonne North, Richard North, 2019

Smashwords Edition

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission

Other books by Anthony North

Beginning in 2019 I’m publishing 14 volumes of my fiction, inc 7 novels in most genres, & 21 works of non-fiction covering cults, politics, conspiracies, religion, disasters, science, philosophy, warfare, crime, psychology, new age, green issues & all areas of the unexplained, inc ufology, lost worlds and the paranormal. Hopefully appearing at the rate of one a month, check out the latest launch at my bookstore at http://anthonynorth.com or buy direct from Smashwords for all devices at: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
In addition to the above, you may like my ‘I’ Series – 8 volumes of flash fiction (horror, sci fi, romance, adventure, crime), 4 volumes of poetry & 5 volumes of short essays from politics to the unexplained. Available from same links as above. Also check out my bookstore for news of my books out in paperback.

CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Chapter Twenty Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty One
About the Author
Connect With Anthony

Chapter One

Johnny Clarke. Cheerful soul …
Well …
… once upon a time …
But not now … because …
No, better not say. You’ll have to take the knocks with him. After all, this is no fairy tale. 
He was an average man. Thirtyish – brown haired, brown eyed. 
Tough? 
Nah. 
Bright? 
Well …
But he did have a vivid imagination.
He’d disagree.  Johnny Clarke was like that. He’d tell you this:
‘It's my friend Peter who gives me all the ideas. He comes to me at night when I'm asleep. At first, he turns my life upside down, then he shows me how I could have lived the previous day, how funny things could have happened, how fantasies could be created. He builds a whole world inside my head, like one of those alternative universes, where you can enter a different world with the possible outcome of every decision you make.’
Sometimes Peter would come out of Johnny's head during the day, walking along the road with him or sitting in some cafe. Then the two of them would have a conversation which Johnny would find very interesting - though it was rare for him to have interesting conversations with anyone else, as I'm sure you can appreciate.
So what did Johnny Clarke do with the help of his friend, Peter?
He became a writer of short stories. You know, those funny ones with a twist. And he eventually began to have them published - although it was a long road to becoming a published writer.
Writing, you see, is a funny profession. In fact, in a way, it isn't writing at all. Anyone with a modicum of common sense can become a writer. But that doesn't mean you can write stories. And after all, it's the story that counts. But in Johnny Clarke's case - as with most aspiring writers - at first there's the idea. And then you have to learn to write.

I know in the scheme of things this seems an upside-down kind of thing after saying that anyone with a modicum of common sense can write. In fact, it's rather like having an end before the beginning.
So Johnny Clarke took some paper, extracted the idea from his head and sent it off to the first publisher he thought of, in the sure knowledge that it would be the greatest story ever written. But it wasn't.
He cried the first time it came back, and he cried the second time it came back and he cried the third time it came back. But by the fourth time (it came back), he got the message.
He screwed it up and tried again.
And so it went on for a year and more, his pile of rejection slips building up daily.
He would get up first thing in the morning, nose pressed against the bedroom window waiting for Postie to come. Then, when Postie appeared, he would scuttle downstairs and snatch the letter before it had fornicated with the letterbox, leaving the postman in no doubt that Johnny had an imaginary dog as well as Peter.
Then … one day ...
(the sun was shining, the birds were singing and all that crap)
… acceptance.
Johnny couldn't believe it. He ripped open the envelope and a cheque floated down to kiss the floor.
He stood erect, fascinated, momentarily transfixed. He looked at it this way and that. He blinked once, looked at it again and blinked another time. He bent down on his haunches and sniffed. He banged his head on the wall, went 'ouch', staggered back and sat. Then, an inch at a time, his arm outstretched he touched it, picked it up, held it up to the light, rubbed it and, finally, he kissed it.
Johnny Clarke's career had taken off. Suddenly all the magazines wanted a taste of Johnny's mind. And he twisted and weaved. His pen swished and swashed through adventure after adventure with manic regularity. He would sit at his desk night after night, day after day and night after night again. Peter would visit him with increasing regularity, making a pot of tea when the time was right. And everything was going fine.
Until ...
one day ...
(the sun was …)
Well. This is what the story is all about. Call it coincidence if sceptic you be. But some of us know different.
Maybe it was Peter working overtime. Or maybe his increasing impact with the real world was leading to things beyond human imaginings. But suddenly Johnny Clarke found himself writing a story that didn't concern the changing options of an alternative universe. For in this story the twist of fate was not to be confined to the realms of fiction. As Johnny Clarke soon found out, it was about to come true.

Chapter Two

It was all about the God Botherers.
The God Botherers’ Society had been set up over a hundred years ago by a group of religious fundamentalists who had decided the world had turned wicked. The fact that it had taken them so long to realise this gives an indication of the insight displayed by these early do-gooders.
To the God Botherers, it was about this time that man realised the ability to blow himself up. It was the time when man's wickedness had become such that he could threaten the very planet. Wars were raging incessantly and the world was soon to descend into World War One, when 'nation would fight nation' like never before. Allying this to Earthly bowel movements (earthquakes), the odd famine and incessant outbreaks of pox, the founders of the God Botherers decided Armageddon was on the horizon, and it was time to prepare for Jesus II.
But as any fundamentalist would tell you, fundamentals had first to be worked out. And there were discrepancies; especially in the Bible.
Ever since Moses had come down from the mountain with his pack of ten aspirins to cure the headache of mankind, man had believed that when you die you go to heaven. However, if this is the case, thought the founders, why bother fighting the battle of Armageddon in order to bring back Paradise on Earth? It was rather like Scriptural overkill. If heaven was heaven, and heaven was the ultimate home of the spirit, why do we need another on Earth? We could all simply pop the pills and flit any time we wanted.
The founders scratched heads night after night - and day after day - as they attempted to fathom this Biblical conundrum, eventually deciding that the answer must be there was no heaven until it was brought down to Earth. Heaven WAS Paradise on Earth, and would only be achieved after Jesus’ return, ploughing through the marshes, over the mountains, across the plains in his celestial Challenger battle tank, popping off the bad with a regulation splattering of red hot cherubim and seraphim. But how, therefore, was heaven to be cancelled out of the Bible?
The founders scratched their heads day after day as they attempted to fathom this Biblical blunder. Then ... one day …
(the stars were twinkling ...)
Bingo!
The greatest proof of heaven concerns Jesus on the Cross, telling one of the criminals that today they would be with Him in Paradise. But, decided the founders, after removing cranial splinters from jagged finger nails, Jesus was NOT talking to normal, good and Godly folk, but villains.
And thus was born the God Botherer theory that only the villains go to heaven, which is really hell, where they play their harps for eternity, missing out on the eventual Paradise on Earth, getting bored. Heaven was hell, and hell was the celestial penal colony. As such, the good went into limbo upon death and joined the queue, waiting until Jesus parachuted in and blasted the bad.
With this earth-shattering theological insight the founders began converting the people. But there were problems …
'If heaven is the celestial penal colony,' asked one purple pelted bishop one day as the God Botherers banged on the door, 'why is Jesus up there with them?'
The founders scratched their heads night after night and day after day as they attempted to fathom this Biblical brain blower. Then …
<11 /@£@&'£@?£@
‘Because,’ said the founding fathers, ‘he’s the jailer. As we all know, Jesus was not interested in the good. They had already been converted. HE spent his time with the bad, in the hope of converting their souls.’
You should have seen the pride on their theological faces. ‘And here,’ they continued, ‘we find the justification for the battle of Armageddon in the first place.’
(Is a double-whammy on the way?)
'As the Book of Revelation points out, the bad are helped by a myriad of demons.' At this point the founding fathers put their tongues out at the bishop. 'And THEY had escaped!'
The theory was complete. Everything fitted perfectly. And it fitted so perfectly that it simply HAD to be true. The battle of Armageddon was to be fought to round up all the little devils who had escaped.
And from that day to this the God Botherers have tap, tap, tapped on millions of doors the world over spreading their message of hope and salvation, of preparedness for the heavenly conflict to come, and got splattered in the face for doing so.
… and Peter had given Johnny Clarke a marvellous idea.

Chapter Three

It was this.
'Why not,' said Peter one night, manifesting in Johnny's head, 'why not write a story about the God Botherers.' Shooting out of Johnny's right ear and materializing by his bedside, he continued: 'But a story with a difference.'
Wind howled around Johnny's sleeping form as Peter's mental energy surged.
'Why not change them from good,' he said, levitating to the ceiling and banging his head, 'to evil.'
He landed in an ectoplasmic goo on the floor.
But evil in what way?
Peter thought hard. Bulbs exploded, pictures whirred on the wall and Johnny's bedclothes erupted from the bed in a gyrating swirl of blankets and sheets.
'Of course!'
(Of course?)
'I've got it.'
And he had.

Next morning Johnny Clarke woke up, shivered, yawned and said: 'What a good idea.'
Ten minutes later, washed, breakfasted and otherwise relieved, Johnny Clarke wrote:

Arnold Prothero got out of his armchair as the doorbell rang. It was a warm, sunny day and he was looking forward to his walk around the park. He always did so on warm sunny days. It was the only time he could really think. He prayed for warm sunny days, for thinking was Arnold Prothero’s job.
Arnold was a philosopher. And the last thing he wanted on a lovely sunny day like this was an untimely interruption. But he answered the door all the same. But he wished he hadn’t.
‘Do you believe God has a role to play in the world today?’ asked the smartly dressed young man as Arnold opened the door.
‘Oh no,’ thought Arnold. ‘A God Botherer.’
Arnold had been pestered by them before. They always began with a question like that. He was tempted to slam the door in his face, but, as any philosopher will tell you, nothing is more rewarding than a good old verbal, intellectual exchange – especially when you won. And winning over the God Botherers was an easy matter to one such as Arnold.
He asked the young man in …

A week after Johnny's story had been published there was a knock at the door. Johnny was busy at the time, tip, tap, tapping on the typewriter (he was an old fashioned kind of guy) and didn't want to be disturbed. Usually at such times he sent Peter to the door. That soon got rid of them. But Peter had been fantasizing so well the previous night that he was still on the Astral Plane.
Offering a sigh, Johnny left the typewriter and answered the door.
'Do you believe God has a role to play in the world today?' asked the smartly dressed young man as he opened the door.
Johnny felt like slamming it in his face, but he never could ignore the challenge of a good old intellectual exchange.
He asked the young man in …

‘It is easy to say that God has forsaken us,’ said the young man as he sat, clutching his tattered Bible between both hands, ‘but is He really alive and vibrant throughout our society?’
‘I don’t see much evidence of that, said Arnold Prothero.’
‘It is easy to see the world through healthy eyes but be blind to the reality that presents itself. Every day miracles happen. Only last week His work was seen. An office block turned into a blazing inferno, but still, through all the flames, the heat, the smoke, a man walked out alive and unscathed.’
‘And where was the miracle for the fifty who died?’ asked Arnold.
The young man offered a mocking expression. ‘It was the power of the man’s belief in the goodness of God that saved him, and him alone.’
‘So he was a God Botherer, was he?’
‘He was.’
‘And the rest could be left to perish?’
‘If that is the way of God.’
‘But the orthodox Church would disagree. They regard your theology as the work of Satan, don’t they?’
‘We have many disagreements with the established Church. But the fact remains that the Church has become corrupt and materialistic. It no longer believes in the same God as we do.’
‘I would agree with you there. But you miss the point of why we have a materialistic Church. Social beliefs can only survive if we have pomp and ceremony to remind us of it. Without the physical side of the Church there would be no image to allow conformity. And then REAL corruption would occur … as in yours.’
‘But we have the true power of God to guide us.’
‘But how do we know you’re not a wolf dressed as a sheep?’
‘If you studied our beliefs you would know that we were the bearers of the true Good News of …
‘Barabbas …’

… said Johnny Clarke. 'You can talk of the power of Jesus Christ as much as you like, but in the long run it was Barabbas who was freed by the people, and it is the likes of Barabbas who have continued to change history. So how can you blame the people for forsaking the Church. It has nothing to do with you having a better system, but the fact that no religion or religious system can survive in modern times without being ridiculed.'
'You have an atheist approach,' said the young man, clutching his Bible for comfort, 'but in the long run the power of God will prevail. He will send his Son once more to give us salvation.'
'If you believe that, you're a fool. Look at our history again. Look at all the troubles that have been caused by religion.'
'But have those troubles been caused by religion, or has religion been used as a suitable tool by fanatics for political gains?'
'The answer may be yes, but you can't tell me those fanatics hadn’t been brainwashed by the religious ideals they claimed to fight for. And when they had decided upon their course, the Barabbas effect came out, and heads rolled.'
'But often such conflicts were simply to reinstate the goodness of God. Let's face it, no cure is painless. At times we need to be put back on the straight and narrow. Let's not forget that God can move in mysterious ways.'
'I fail to see how God can be classed as good when he gives us tragedies such as the Flood and Plague. How can you call that the work of a loving God?'
'We are His people, for Him to treat as he pleases.'
'Oh. And I suppose you'll be telling me next that God gave us AIDS to rid the world of promiscuity.'
'Absolutely. I can find no better explanation than AIDS being the wrath of God, punishing us for our indiscretions. Let's face it, the Bible tells us clearly that we should not fornicate with ...
The Virgin Mary

… said Arnold Prothero. ‘Where does she stand in your view of God?
‘The Virgin Mary was the Mother of Jesus Christ.’
‘The established Church classes her as the Mother of God. Would you disagree with that view?
‘We do not believe in the Trinity of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, so we must disagree that she is the Mother of God. It is erroneous idolatry.
‘I agree that the Trinity is shrouded in mystery, but surely the ceremony surrounding her is of great comfort to humanity. Why change it?’
‘It must be changed if it is wrong. Only in this way can we return to the true state of …
… Sodom and Gomorrah …

… said Johnny Clarke. 'Stories such as that, with Lot's wife being changed into a pillar of salt. Now that is good moral stuff. But AIDS being a Godly plague is stretching the imagination a bit. And believe me, I know how far the imagination can be stretched.'
'Oh yes,' said the young man, 'you're that story writer aren't you. I recognise you now from your picture.'
'I am. But I'm not as good a storyteller as the people who wrote that book.'
The young man clutched his Bible protectively.
'Just look at the Lot's wife incident,' continued Clarke. 'Where was Sodom and Gomorrah? They were two cities on the shore of the Dead Sea. And what is peculiar about the Dead Sea? It is the most salty inland water on this planet. And along her shores are pillars of salt. To turn such pillars into Godly manifestations of miracles deserves the Nobel Prize for Literature.
'And what about Joshua calling the trumpets to make the walls of Jericho fall? Jericho is near the Jordan. The Jordan flows through a rift valley; an earthquake zone. How did the Israelites cross the Jordan? The Bible says they crossed on "dry land", as if it was dammed. Do you know, I believe that. Whenever an earthquake happens in the region, the initial tremors cause mudslides and the Jordan is dammed. Is there any wonder the walls of Jericho fell? The Bible is simply narrating an earthquake.'
The young man was beginning to go red faced at this blatant atheist view of the world. He had been trained to resist such attacks on his beliefs. But he had also been trained for other eventualities, one of which was to result from Johnny Clarke's story. And the young man was about to use one of the other skills he had been trained to use.
Opening up his tattered Bible, he took out a small pistol and pointed it at Johnny Clarke.
'God works in mysterious ways, Mr Clarke,' he said as he squeezed the trigger and shot Johnny Clarke dead.

Chapter Four

Some people say that in blood there is life. And as that blood flows; as it ceases to change oxygen to life giving nutrients; as it fails to pump through the heart; as it drains from the head, leaving the brain dry and shrivelled - then life does cease.
As the blood flows from the body, then it leaves that body barren, disengaged from movement, from feeling, from consciousness. Like a breeched dam, the juices of life flow free from physical imprisonment, leaving only the dead, as a burst dam leaves the reservoir dry. And from Johnny Clarke's body the blood flowed.
It began as a trickle; a nervous outpouring from a fresh wound. Then, as the pressure increased, as the smoke of gunpowder rose, as his body realised its new fate, then it became a torrent.
Flesh parted just below the heart, leaving gaping evidence of his wound. Juices met air, like the birth of a new spring, and his lungs began to collapse.
Life's breath uttered from parched lips, pallor changed from rosy to deathly white. And blood, sticky and red, touched the carpet in an eternal kiss.
But others believe that life is more than blood and brain and bone. Others believe that life is more than mere physical nonentity. Others believe that life is the stuff of the universe; of essence greater than mere physical things.
Others believe life is of the spirit, of the soul, and such that no hot lead can snuffle out.
Consciousness is an intangible thing; a thing that no amount of science can understand. It is a thing apart from mortal life; a creation bounded by no knowledge accrued from the laboratory. It simply exists. And as Johnny Clarke's body exhaled in mortified trauma, consciousness rebirthed above his head.
Perhaps it was his soul.
Life went on below, and Johnny was now the observer, devoid of bodily intervention. He was no longer flesh, no longer of mortal understanding. Rather, he was a thing apart; non-physical, non-breathing, non-material.
He was spirit. And that spirit looked down upon his agony.

The young man stood erect, his pistol still pointing in the direction of the cold flesh sprawled on the floor. His eyes were devoid of emotion. He displayed neither guilt nor happiness; triumph nor tribulation.
He simply stared.
Then, as if in slow motion, he bent his arm and retrieved his pistol and placed it back in his Biblical holster, it's God's work done for that day.
He turned to the door, ready for his departure. He took a step forward. Then he turned once more to feast his eyes on the carnage done in the name of his God.

Johnny watched it all. He felt the breath of the killer; smelt the stench of recent death; felt the purpose of theological destiny which imbued the feelings, the hopes, the fears, the emotions of this living servant. And he watched him leave the room.
His departure left Johnny Clarke's soul feeling redundant. He was up there, touching the ceiling, with no apparent purpose other than to stare at his once-warm body. Then another purpose took him. Suddenly the room filled with life. His desk turned from a desk into abundant motion. His armchair was no longer an armchair, but a throbbing, pulsating purpose. The flames of his fire reached for more than mere escape from his chimney. The micro-existence of every single thing, whether animate or inanimate, burst upon reality to sing a single song.
All things existed and thrived in unison, and they were bidding him farewell as the ceiling dissolved to intangible states and he was going up; up through the ceiling, up through the bedroom, up through the loft and he burst out into the air and rocketed forever up through the clouds, his town being left behind, the people like ants in a hive, and up he went past the clouds, past the atmosphere.
Below him all things became known, all things were within his no longer myopic vision. All things he could understand and he was approaching blackness.
The dark took him with open arms, enshrouding, comforting, welcoming. Reality, as he knew it, departed, and he was a universal being, travelling ever forward as the scope of his vision deteriorated and soon there was only immediacy on all sides.
It was as if he was travelling through a tunnel at high speed, but not a speed that manifested physical forms such as his hair blowing in the wind, or the breath being sucked from his lungs.
This was something other than that. He was simply travelling through a blackened void. And then, in a distance of no definable length, he saw a light, golden and warm.
It was a light that offered benevolence and succour. It was a light to be loved and cherished - to give one's wholeness to. It was a light to be trusted with eternal destiny.
It was …
… yes. It simply was …
And Johnny Clarke was heading for the light - a light that symbolised everything that had gone before and was yet to come.
It was the past, the present, the future. It was all that ever was, that ever can be. And the light said, 'stop!' And Johnny Clarke stopped.

He existed by the light and the light shone its warmth on him, and with its warmth it questioned. It questioned whether it was yet time for Johnny Clarke to proceed; whether his purpose had been fulfilled - whether it was time yet for Johnny Clarke to die.
And a voice said: ‘Johnny, what are you doing here?’
The light had gone, and before him was a golden gate. The darkness had gone and around him were swirling white clouds.
The silence had gone and within him were the sounds of music. And the voice said: 'Johnny, can you hear me?'
Sensation flooded through whatever Johnny Clarke had become. And he looked at the swirling clouds, and then looked at the golden gate, and by the gate he saw a form; a human form, yet tinged with that glow which said it was not human form as in flesh. And remembrance came to what Johnny Clarke was.
He remembered the voice that filtered into his mind. The face of the human form took shape as it stood by the golden gate, and Johnny Clarke said: 'Peter, what is happening to me?'
And Peter said: 'You must be dying.'
'Is this what death is like?' asked Johnny, feasting his soul on the peace, the wellbeing, the Paradise about him.
'I don't understand death,' said Peter. 'I'm not flesh that can corrupt. I'm just imagination; a lifeless thing, but a thing that exists in every heart if people seek me out. Young children find me; those who need something to believe in find me. People who want me to exist find me. But death? I don't understand that. I'm eternal.'
'You're so lucky,' said Johnny. 'It is a lovely land you come from. Can I stay?'
And the light returned, bursting from the golden gate, filling Johnny Clarke with purpose.
The clouds turned dark and swirled and gyrated and formed back into a tunnel. And as the light said 'no', Johnny Clarke landed with a thud and pain filled him, making him scream in agonised torment.
Johnny Clarke had returned to his body. Johnny Clarke would live.
 
Chapter Five

‘I think we’ve exhausted the theological,’ said Arnold Prothero. ‘All you do is quote obscure Biblical phrases.’
‘No Biblical phrase is obscure,’ said the young man. ‘But we can move on.’
‘In what way?’
‘What do you think of the idea of world government?’
‘A terrible idea. Lack of diversity; so big it would be dictatorial. It would be the end of freedom. A world congress would maybe work, where people cooperate, but not assimilate.’
‘And you think such an impotent thing could sort out the world’s problems? All the wickedness?’
‘I believe human nature can, if given the chance.’
‘I don’t accept that.’
‘Of course you don’t – because if man sorted out his problems himself your view of God becomes redundant.’
‘Oh, we won’t allow that to happen.’
Arnold sat bolt upright, realizing the sinister implications of what the young man had said: ‘Meaning what?’
‘I must go,’ said the young man.
At that, he left, leaving Arnold Prothero feeling dread for the future of man.

Chapter Six

Johnny Clarke opened his left eye first. It was a strange feeling, opening that left eye, because he hadn't done it for a long time. The lid fluttered and out popped an eyeball, looking on the world as if for the first time.
What that eye saw was a swirling, whirling mass of light and revolving walls, barely seen through a fog of lethargy. Deciding that the world was not ready for him yet, Johnny shut it again.
He decided to see if the world looked better through the right eye. But it didn't.
Johnny Clarke lay in bed totally refusing to open either eye, and certainly not both at the same time. However, after several minutes of contemplation he decided he couldn't exist in a world without sight. Taking a deep breath, he opened his left eye then he tentatively opened his right. He blinked once, blinked a second time and focused. Then he shut them again.
For not only wouldn't they focus, but the world was a far noisier place than he remembered, every little sound going thumpety thump in his cranium - not that he could yet work out why sight made this cacophony of sound even worse. However, not one to be defeated, after a couple of minutes further contemplation, he opened them again. Registering the thumpety thump once more, he greeted the world with a single syllable of: 'Ouch!'
This being the best philosophical observation of the world he could muster, he tried to focus again. Concentrating hard, the lights continued to shine, the walls continued to revolve. Then he made two observations of worth. First of all he realised he was in a room with no roof. And he knew this from the obviousness of the second observation. It was snowing. Yet he didn't feel cold and he didn't feel wet, so he wondered what kind of snow this could be. Until, that is, he realised it wasn't snow at all.
It was a multitude of bright spots in front of his eyes.
They seemed to gyrate in unison with the resounding thumpety thump in his ears. Then he realised it wasn’t a thumpety thump in his ears at all. It was the thumpety thump of his heart.
This realization made him feel a little better. Suddenly he realised that he was alive, he was in a room, it wasn't snowing and there was, indeed, a roof above him. Then one of the bright lights that wasn't snow wasn't gyrating any more. It was sort of standing there in front of his eyes.
This made him blink. And when he opened his eyes again, the bright spot had turned from silver to pink. Slowly the light went out and in its place was a round little face with a pert little nose.
Johnny Clarke looked long and hard at this nose, deciding it wasn't a big one and it wasn't a small one and it wasn't a fat one either. It was a thin one.
Above this nose and slightly to the left and slightly to the right were two big blue eyes. And below the nose were two rows of perfect white teeth.
It didn't take Johnny Clarke long to realise that he was staring at a face. And this cheered him up a great deal. He suddenly realised that not only was he alive, and not only was he in a room, and not only wasn't it snowing, and not only was there a roof, but he was also thinking straight ... he thought.
Moving his head slightly to the left and then slightly to the right, he looked at the face from several angles. Neither one seemed better than the other so he decided to look at it again head on. Then, suddenly, the two rows of white teeth moved apart. A tongue appeared in the dark void of the mouth. Moving, it gave Johnny the impression that it was lassoing a tonsil. But it wasn't. The face was speaking. It said:
'Hello, Johnny, how do you feel?'
Johnny thought about this question for a while. He turned it over and over in his head. But this only made the thumpety thump worse. He decided not to think for the time being.
'Can you hear me, Johnny?' asked the face.
Slowly, Johnny nodded his head. This action pleased the face. The two rows of teeth opened wide in a smile. The two big blue eyes sparkled and filled Johnny with light. The whole action gave the face a modicum of personality and Johnny recognised it as a pretty face, topped with a mane of short, blonde hair.
This knowledge made the other spots before him dissolve into reality and Johnny saw that he was in hospital.
'I'm Nurse Fraser,' said the face. 'You were shot.'
Johnny Clarke had an idea that he had been. Suddenly, memories flooded back. The face began to distort. Nose, eyes and teeth merged into one big blob. The blob turned from pink to silver and suddenly it was a spot again, it was snowing and the walls were revolving.
Johnny blinked back reality, but the face was no longer a nice face. Suddenly it had changed to the face of a young man. It was a young man that Johnny Clarke didn't like. So he blinked again and out popped Nurse Fraser.
'Get some sleep,' she said. 'You'll feel better after a long sleep.
And he did. 

Chapter Seven

Arnold Prothero wasn’t only a philosopher. He was a philosopher of note – if somewhat controversial. In particular he had gained an interest in Voodoo and applied the power of suggestion of the curse to the world at large. He saw its influence in most things. Take Astrology. To Arnold the ‘stars’ held no influence, but rather, the suggestion of belief made the believer’s life unfold as the horoscope suggested.
If this was true of Astrology, could it also be true of everyone’s life. For instance, could optimism and pessimism be self-confirming, actually throwing opportunities or obstacles at the believer? Could media no longer report the world, but create it as it goes along?
Eventually Arnold had begun to study religion – in particular the God Botherers’ Society. And in doing so he had read their literature, and the inherent suggestion within it of impending doom, with mankind only to be saved by the Society’s eventual rise to power over all.
Delving into their history, he began to realise something else of importance – that they had always been backed by powerful men in the shadows. The God Botherers, he realised, were a global conspiracy, determined to steer mankind to their way of thinking and then take over. And then there would be no paradise, but Hell on Earth.
It was at this point that Arnold Prothero decided to write a book outing the God Botherers’ Society for what it was. Yet it was never to be published.
Witnesses later told the police that his only visitor on the day of his death had been a pleasant young man …

Chapter Eight

'The doctor says you're doing very well,' said Nurse Fraser as Johnny Clarke lay prone in bed.
The screen had been pulled around them, the bed sheets pushed back. A bowl waited obediently at the side of the bed and the balls of Johnny's eyes were high up in his head as Nurse Fraser sponged his other parts.
'The doctor says you'll be up in a week.'
He looked down at Nurse Fraser, doubting the view of the doctor.
Nurse Fraser replaced it with a pat and began sponging down his legs. 'And you still can’t remember anything,' she said.
'No, not a thing. All I keep seeing is this face. It's the face of a pleasant young man, yet somehow, every time I see it, I'm terrified. I wonder who he was?'
'Oh it'll come soon.' She moved up again to sponge his belly.
'I doubt it,' said Johnny.

MYSTERY STILL SURROUNDS WRITER'S SHOOTING

Johnny Clarke, the famous writer of short stories with a twist, was said to be comfortable last night. In the week since his shooting, police have drawn blank in their search for the gunman. Said a police spokesman yesterday: 'Nothing was stolen, so robbery is discounted. At present there are no suspects and no motives.’
Johnny Clarke himself can remember nothing of the ordeal. Neighbours say that the only visitor seen approaching the house on the day of the shooting was a young man carrying a tatty Bible. Said Mrs Snoop, a lady from two doors down: 'I can't believe he had anything to do with it. He seemed such a pleasant young man.'
Police share this opinion. The inquiry continues.

'Pleasant young man.' 
Johnny turned the words over in his head. He knew they meant something. He knew they were connected with the face he kept seeing. But how it all fitted together, he had no idea. 'It's no good. I can't remember.'
His visitor was sat on the chair by the bed. He was deep in thought too. 'Try harder, Johnny. You must be able to remember something. What were you doing that day?'
'Well, it was a normal day, really. I got up as normal, had my breakfast as normal, sat down at my desk as normal, started writing as normal. It was a normal day.'
'It wasn't normal when you were shot, was it?'
Nurse Fraser came over then. 'How do you feel, Johnny?' she asked.
'Fine,' said Johnny. 'I feel much better today.'
'You're sure?'
'Yes. I suppose I'm going home soon.'
'We'll see,' said Nurse Fraser as she went off to see to another patient.
'And you can't think of any reason why someone would want to kill you?'
'Well, you know me as much as anyone. Can you think of something?'
'No, I can't.'
'You're absolutely sure you're alright,' said Nurse Fraser as she approached once more.
'I've told you. Yes, I'm fine.'
'And the police have no clues whatsoever.'
'None. They’re as baffled as me.'
So it seems, thought Nurse Fraser as she picked up the phone and began speaking to a consultant.

JOHNNY CLARKE DETERIORATES

A spokesman from the Queen Elizabeth Hospital said today: 'There's absolutely no need for concern. It's quite regular for someone who's suffered trauma like Mr Clarke has to have delusions. He'll be as right as rain in no time at all.'
The Morning Messenger, who broke the story that Mr Clarke was apparently talking to himself, deny over zealousness in their reporting practices. Although they accept that they did bribe a hospital porter, there was no truth in the accusation that the cheque bounced. Neither is there any truth that the reporter, who happened to be placed in the next bed to Mr Clarke, was a plant. The fact that he was involved in a road traffic accident, breaking both legs, just outside the hospital, was purely coincidental. The driver of the vehicle, the editor of the Morning Messenger, denies dangerous driving.

'There's nothing to worry about, Johnny,' said Nurse Fraser as she placed the gown over Johnny Clarke's body.
'But I'm not talking to myself,' said Johnny, 'honest.'
'So there's nothing to worry about, is there?'
'But you think I am.'
'There, there. It's only a little shock we're going to give you. And you won't feel a thing.'
'But I don't want treatment. I don't want my brain cells scrambled.'
'I think you've been reading too many stories,' said Nurse Fraser, suddenly tittering quietly to herself. 'Though you would do, wouldn't you? Being a short story writer.'
Johnny didn't think it in the least funny. But he was powerless to argue. In a minute he would have the injection. Then the porter could come and carry him off on a trolley. Then the trick cyclist would be playing Star Wars with his head.
Nurse Fraser took out the hypodermic and held it up before him. Soon consciousness flooded out of Johnny Clarke as the anaesthetic flooded in, and soon he was asleep.
A minute later the porter came and lifted the prone figure onto a trolley.
As the porter wheeled him out, Nurse Fraser looked up and smiled. She was in a side ward seeing to a patient with two broken legs and a broken arm.
'Is that him?' asked the patient. 
'Mind your own business,' said Nurse Fraser in a harsh voice.
'Okay, okay, I only asked.'
'Well don't. You've still got a limb in working order, you know.'
‘Yea, but when I came in, I had two.'
‘Stop complaining.' Then, as an afterthought, she said: 'I don't recognise that porter. I take it he isn't another of your plants?'
'No, I don't think so.'
‘No, he wouldn't be. Unlike you he seems a pleasant young man.’

Chapter Nine

Having no definite ceremonies or established churches, the God Botherers’ Society associated themselves with many varying forms of preaching. It was quite possible to be visited on two separate days by two different 'sects' from two neighbouring towns. And you would receive two different versions of indoctrination.
There are two reasons for this. First, as with most pyramid selling, it allows for blanket coverage. Second, the sheer confusion of organization makes it impossible to track the 'powerful men' at the apex of the pyramid.
One such 'powerful man' was the Television evangelist, Nathaniel 'Herpes' Cunningham. A director of a host of multi-national companies before his conversion, he was now the director of many more. His conversion itself was said to have taken place whilst participating in shady arms deals. As the story goes, it happened when a rocket attack over-turned his Rolls Royce, making him fall out whilst travelling along the highway to Damascus. The experience forced him to the cocktail cabinet, whereupon he was blind drunk for many days.
A tall man approaching sixty with chemical black hair, he regularly denied stories that his smooth face was the result of the surgeon's knife. Rather, he would say: 'It is just one more example of my God.' A God, I might add, who received regular payments in excess of a million paid into his heavenly Swiss account.
Nathaniel Cunningham lived on a thousand acre estate surrounded by his many disciples, a Rolls Royce for each day of Creation and an estimated two hundred designer suits. He answered claims of hypocrisy with a simple rejoinder: 'Let us not forget,' he would say, 'that Jesus associated himself mainly with those who still sinned. And many such sinners are the rich. So tell me, how can I understand such people if I do not live like them myself?'
And it was to Nathaniel Cunningham's estate that the pleasant young man brought Johnny Clarke.

Johnny remained unconscious for many hours after arriving at the estate. During this time he experienced not a single dream. This had nothing to do with the deep state of unconsciousness the anaesthetic had induced, but Peter's fear of the threatened electric shock treatment.
'Well I'm off,' Peter had said. 'I'm not having my thoughts bombarded with electrons. My ideas do normal life, not science fiction.'
But as Johnny came round, Peter returned.
'What are you doing here?' asked Peter, noticing the damp feel of the dull lit cellar.
Johnny shook his head, clearing out the cobwebs. His first impression was of cobwebs above his head. So he shook it once more. Then he looked around him and wondered how far NHS under-funding would go.
'But you're not in the hospital,' said Peter, de-materializing through the door to see what was on the other side.
Shortly, Peter returned. 'It looks like we're in an old country house,' he said. 'I'll go and explore.'
'Wait a minute,' said Johnny, slightly perturbed at the thought of being left alone. 'You're going nowhere without me.'
'Oh, alright, you can come too.'
At that Peter turned ectoplasmic and disappeared into Johnny's right ear. 'Ready?'
'Yes, get on with it.'
Johnny Clarke lay still on the damp floor. Suddenly he felt very tired. A prickly sensation filled him then he went limp, his eyes closing tight.
A 'whoosh' followed, and suddenly Johnny was looking down on his body once more.
'Going up,' said Peter, and they de-materialised through the ceiling, to surface in a large sitting room. The walls were covered in gilt and rich, red velvets covered the soft furnishings. The thick pile carpet made Peter itch as he came through the fibres.
There was no one in the room, but they heard voices from behind the door. Passing through the other side they found themselves in an even larger, more elaborate room with what looked like an altar along one wall. There were no other furnishings, but the floor was covered with a score of thick carpets and rugs and literally hundreds of thick, fluffy cushions. Stood by the altar was Nathaniel Cunningham dressed in a long, flowing, satin robe.
Suddenly he stood erect, raised his arms and said: 'Enter and meet thy Lord.'
This was spoken in a rich, loud and thunderous voice, accompanied with the raising of both hands as if the entire world was subject to his authority.
At this point a door at the far end of the room opened and in walked a beautiful blonde woman of about twenty. She was also dressed in a satin robe, though less elaborate than Cunningham's.
'Are you ready to come to your Lord?' he said, and the girl answered: 'I am …’
This was said in a far-away voice and her eyes were glazed, as if drugged.
'Are you ready to serve as one of the Lord's disciples?'
'I am,' repeated the girl.
'Show me that you are without bodily trappings.'
The girl raised her arms and the robe slid off her body, revealing her naked form.
'Lay yourself open for the coming of the Lord.'
The girl lay down on a pile of cushions and opened her legs wide. Cunningham raised his own arms again and the robe fell off. He walked over to the girl, lay roughly across her and proceeded to thrust with all his might, coming to a crescendo perhaps ten second later with Cunningham's shaky announcement that 'the Lord have cometh.'
Realizing this distracting performance precluded rational thought, Johnny and Peter transported themselves back through the door; Johnny more reluctantly than Peter.
'So what do you make of it all?' asked Johnny, hovering over an armchair.
Peter was thinking hard. And two and two were making four. 'If my memory serves me right,' he said, 'that was Nathaniel Cunningham.'
'Yes, it is,' said Johnny.
'And isn't Cunningham a member of the God Botherers?'
'Yes, he is,' repeated Johnny. 
'So what does that tell you?'
As I pointed out at the beginning of this story, Johnny Clarke wasn't particularly bright, so it didn't tell him anything of note.
'Oh, come on, Johnny, think,' continued Peter. 'You get yourself shot and suddenly you find yourself kidnapped by the God Botherers. And don't forget that face you keep seeing - the face of a pleasant young man.'
A flash of realization overcame Johnny. 'Oh no,' he said, 'you don't mean?'
'The story.'
'Oh God.'
'I don't know how, but I think that story was true. Everything I thought up about the God Botherers was fact. And like Arnold Prothero, the pleasant young man visited you.'
'What am I going to do?' asked Johnny, suddenly bursting out in an ectoplasmic sweat.
'If it IS true,' said Peter, 'then so is the idea about the God Botherers trying to take over the world. We've got to warn people, and quick.'
Johnny was taken aback by Peter's sudden concern about humanity. 'I wouldn't have thought you'd have been that bothered, being ethereal and all that,' he said.
'What!' said Peter, 'not bothered! This will cause such upheaval there’d be even more wars. I like heaven as it is. The last thing we want up there is over-crowding.'
'We'd better get out of here, then.'
'Yes, come on, through the window,'
'Just a minute,' said Johnny, suddenly.
'What's the problem?'
'Well, I don't feel quite all there, if you know what I mean.'
'Oh. Well, never mind. We can get you another body.'
'But I like MY body. I don't want to be just anybody.'
'Oh, alright.'
Suddenly there was a thump and Johnny was back in the cellar, feeling the protection of his body. But there was a problem. For when he opened his eyes he was staring down the barrel of a gun.
The pleasant young man said: 'Welcome back to the living,' adding, 'but it will be a short stay.'

Chapter Ten

In saying 'get up and come with me' the pleasant young man suddenly had far more faith in miracles than the average God Botherer.
'Love to,' said Johnny, still laid on the floor. He pointed to his chest. 'But I'm still recovering from an unexpected case of lead poisoning.'
The pistol made an impatient gesture towards the door. Johnny shook his head. The pistol thundered and chips of stone fountained into the air a few inches from Johnny's thigh.
Suddenly, Johnny Clarke believed in miracles, too. Carefully resting on one arm, he eased himself onto his side. Then, slowly, he raised his upper body until he was in a sitting position. Then even more slowly, he raised himself onto his feet.
Putting both hands on the small of his back to massage the stiffness, he sat down again. 'You must be joking,' he said, for the last thing he expected to feel at the small of his back was bare skin. Then he had remembered he was still wearing his surgical gown, and a stiff breeze was blowing up the flanks.
The pistol coughed again, the glare of the pleasant young man being ten degrees colder than the chill.
Realizing that life was more important than modesty Johnny Clarke raised himself once more. The pleasant young man opened the cellar door and the two of them walked out, Johnny's cheeks looking as pale as his face.
The hard, stone cellar steps were like blocks of ice to Johnny's bare feet. At the top he was thankful to place them on comforting, thick carpet. However, the climb had made him faint and he paused, not yet fully recovered from the shooting. But a prod of cold steel made him go on.
Peter had disappeared into Johnny's head as soon as the pleasant young man appeared. This had nothing to do with him being a coward. Only a silver bullet could harm HIM. But when in Johnny's head they could communicate by thought alone. Yet at that moment Peter was silent. He was deciding how to get Johnny out, body and all.
The pleasant young man stopped by a large, panelled door. From inside Johnny could just hear the faint moans of further heavenly ecstasy. Then the handle turned and out walked a naked brunette. Her body glistened with sweat and she issued little groans as she passed by. Turning to observe the two men by the door, she feasted her eyes on a tight set of buttocks. An outstretched hand patted them and she giggled before disappearing into another room.
The pleasant young man pointed to the door once more. To his embarrassment, so did Johnny. Still, he turned the handle and walked into the room.
Nathaniel Cunningham was robed once more. A gilt covered chair had appeared by the altar and he sat in it as if a king on his throne. Or rather, he was slumped across it, his hair dishevelled and beads of sweat on his forehead.
'Excuse my condition, Mr Clarke,' he said, 'but as a deeply religious man I believe in physical mortification in order to reach Heaven, so corruption of the body must occur on a regular basis.'
Johnny thought more of perversion - and it was rather the road to hell.
'So, Johnny Clarke, you're still alive. You could have done us a great deal of damage with that infernal story of yours. How could you do such a thing to decent, God fearing folk like us?'
'It was quite easy, really, considering I didn't know it was true.'
'True? What on Earth are you talking about? It isn't true. How could you think such a thing of us?'
'Then why did you try to kill me?'
'But that wasn't US. No, that was decreed by our Lord. And we are but his servants. And the Lord says that thou shalt DIE!'

The pleasant young man moved round to face Johnny. His eyes remained transfixed in that evil stare and his pistol came up from his side, pointing menacingly forward. Johnny could feel the pressure being exerted on the trigger. Then, suddenly, he felt a 'whoosh' from his right ear and Peter manifested at the side of the pleasant young man. He took hold of the gun and held it up in the air, out of reach of the pleasant young man.
This action, although being quite feasible to us, who are in the know, was seen slightly different by Nathaniel 'Herpes' Cunningham. Being imaginary, Peter couldn't be seen by anyone except Johnny. So all Cunningham saw was a levitating gun, hovering seven feet above the floor.
Suddenly the gun whizzed across the room, smashing through a window and out of harm's way. Cunningham broke out in a further sweat, and to add to the effect Peter walked over and tousled his hair.
Predictably, Cunningham began swatting at the air and he ranted, 'this is the work of the devil!’
Peter took hold of his ankle and Cunningham levitated.
'Help me, you fool, help me!' he screamed to the pleasant young man, but the pleasant young man wasn't there anymore.
Peter let go of the ankle then, and Cunningham landed in a heap on the floor, whereupon our little celestial hero began running about the room lifting curtains, throwing cushions, blowing out candles and making a general poltergeist-like nuisance of himself. Proceeding to switch the lights on and off, Cunningham buried his head under a pile of cushions.
‘Get going,' Peter finally said, Johnny needing no more prompting. He ran to the door and bolted across the hall. Seeing another door, he opened it.
A myriad of screams greeted him as he did so, and a blonde, two brunettes and a redhead ran out. Realizing no escape this way, he opened another door. Three more blondes - one dubious - joined the chaos of nakedness in the hall. Their screams attracted others and another line of nakedness ran down the stairs. Another door opened and Cunningham levitated through the hall at high speed, circling the chandelier twice before landing on his head, losing his own dignity as the robe fell from his shoulders.
Grasping what composure he could muster, he bolted for the front door, a trail of nakedness following him like good little disciples should.
Running into the gardens, he made the drive in seconds and jumped into the nearest Roller. Bodies forced themselves through the doors and Cunningham drove off at high speed, a pair of naked, flailing legs indicating right.
The confusion eventually calming down, Peter said: 'Shall we go.'
'What? Dressed like this?'
'Yes. Unless you've got a better idea.' But he hadn't.

Chapter Eleven

Al Bradman sat back in his chair, balancing it on two legs, his head rested against the wall and his feet firmly planted on his desk. Forty five and balding, he was dressed in brown slacks, white shirt, a green and beige checked jacket and tie askew and hanging limp.
Bradman had been a hack for many years, leaving school at sixteen armed with just enough four letter words to justify a career in journalism. A short apprenticeship on a local rag and by the age of twenty he was off to the dizzy heights of Fleet Street. However, unlike your average gutter-journalist, he had certain standards, for one of Al's greatest rules was that you never pick on someone who can't defend himself. Hence, Al Bradman was hated by the powerful, but generally loved by the man in the street. And such a reputation meant that by the age of forty three he was appointed news editor of the Daily Moon.
It had been a quiet night so far. Not much had happened in the world of late. And that usually meant a major headline was about to break. Out in the newsroom reporters scuttled about in their usual frenzied manner, padding the keys of their computers or rushing out for that sought after piece of news. But in the editor's office Al had little to do at that moment.
He lit his ninth cigarette of the night and inhaled deeply, discharging the smoke through his nose and sighing at the ‘no smoking’ sign. His desk was covered in the usual newsman's clutter - the ever-present laptops and tablets of various size and function, a bank of three telephones, note pads, pens by the hundred, photo of wife and kids to jog memories. But all this was dwarfed by the mountain of ash and fag ends threatening avalanche from the ashtray. Not for him a ‘no smoking’ ban. He had been smoking heavily - and doing so because he was worried.
His present depression had begun three days previously when a reporter had come in with the news of Johnny Clarke's disappearance. And Johnny Clarke was a good friend of Al’s.
He lit his tenth cigarette from the ninth and offered a rumbling, guttural cough. Phlegm formed at the back of his throat and he spat the browny goo, which landed with a plop in the bin.
He never missed.
'Where the hell are you, Johnny,' he said, to no one in particular. And as he said it to no one in particular, he was surprised to receive a most particular reply.
'I'm here.'
Al Bradman looked up and saw the weak, pained form of Johnny Clarke walk through the door.
'Johnny, where the hell have you been?' he asked.
Johnny sat down in front of Al's desk.
'It's a long story,' he said.
'Oh,' said Al, his mentality not attuned to long stories. That's why he liked Johnny so much. All his stories were usually short.
'What do you know about the God Botherers?' Johnny asked, waving a bank of smoke away with a cough.
‘What is there to know about them? They’re a bunch of religious weirdos. There’s no news in them – other than Herpes Cunningham, that is. Now he IS good news.' A delicious smile crossed Al Bradman's lips, but then he felt a cough coming on. Forewarned by many previous visits, Johnny ducked his head.
'What would you say,' continued Johnny, 'if I told you it was the God Botherers who shot me?'
Al sighed. 'I'd say you're letting your make believe take over.'
'Well I'm telling you, Al, that is what happened.'
'Yea, yea. And I suppose the gunman was a pleasant young man with a tatt ...'
Suddenly Al Bradman stopped. Memories flashed before him as he remembered the reports of the shooting, and the single visitor that day.
'Good God,' he eventually said. 'You're not joking are you?'
Johnny shook his head. 'No, I'm not. And it was also the God Botherers who kidnapped me from the hospital. I managed to escape and I've been hiding for the last three days, building up my strength.'
'Buy why?'
'Because I need my strength to stay alive.'
Bradman tutted - took into account Johnny's sometimes simple, infantile ways. 'No ... not that. Why did they try to kill you?'
'Because the story I wrote about them was true.'
'What? All that rubbish about the power of suggestion and the God Botherers using it to become the new government? You're telling me that is true?'
'Have I ever lied to you before, Al?'
'Well, no. No, you haven't. But Johnny …’
‘But it IS true. And I want you to help.’
Another cigarette glowed, another cough erupted round the office.
'I need more to go on, Johnny. I can't go to print just like that with no evidence. Where are you staying?'
'In a little hotel where no one knows me.'
'Well go back and meet me here again tomorrow night. I'll look into it, and if I smell anything like a rat, then we'll break the story.'
Johnny thanked him and left. Al Bradman lit another. This one was to help him think. Somehow he had to find out about the God Botherers. And Al Bradman was the best in the business at finding out things people didn't want finding out.

Chapter Twelve

Hi.
Let me introduce myself. I'm Al Bradman, news editor of the Daily Moon. You may have heard of me. I'm a bit of a legend in Fleet Street.
You may ask: what am I doing here, chatting away to you in the middle of a novel? Well, the answer's simple really. Being a journalist, I'm very wary of writers distorting facts. And anyone can tell you that a novelist does, at times, operate on the philosophy of poetic license. And when I'm involved, I like to guard against this by writing it myself.
Anthony North was a little upset by this at first, especially my doubting his integrity, but eventually he agreed. So, reader, you can be sure that what you are about to read is the truth, as any journalist would testify.

So why AM I here?
It all involves my good friend, Johnny Clarke, the famous writer of short stories with a twist. Me and Johnny go back a long way. We met at one of those writers' receptions where everyone meets, says hello and descends into boring clap-trap for an hour or two. This wouldn't be so bad but these shin-digs happen nearly every night and you can guarantee that the same people attend every time. And only about 20% of them are in any way involved in writing. And every time they are held they say hello and descend into boring clap-trap for an hour or two.
Well, Johnny and me got a bit fed up of this by the seventh reception and, seeing he was in the process of writing a story about a journalist, he wanted a bit of serious conversation. So he said:
'Hey, Al, why don't we stop this clap-trap.'
That seemed to be a good idea so I said 'yea' and we left the reception and went to the pub on the corner.
We talked for hours that night and built up a good relationship. At closing time I suggested he come back to my place and we could carry on talking and split a bottle - which was a messy business as the booze splashed onto the carpet.
Anyway, that's mere reflection. The present episode began a while ago when Johnny wrote a short story about the God Botherers’ Society. You may have read it. In the story Johnny used his poetic license to point out that they were really a political mob, plotting to form a dictatorial world government. Only it wasn't poetic license. It just happened to be true. Or so Johnny told me. And, you know, I believed him. I believed him 'cos since writing it he's been shot AND kidnapped.
So Johnny asked me to help expose the real motives behind the God Botherers. But several libel suits have made me wary of publishing stories without the hard facts. And all I had so far was Johnny's word. Which just wasn't enough.

He left my office about 8.30 last night after telling me all he knew. I was intrigued, my nose sniffing like a bulldog. I had a nose for the truth, you see. I can smell it. Only, I wish I didn't get so many colds.
After Johnny left, I called in my two best researchers, Harry Tweedle and Bob Deedum. They chatted incessantly, but somehow they could really get down to the nitty-gritty. I didn't tell them EXACTLY why I was interested, but simply told them I wanted as much info as they could get on the organization of the God Botherers, and I wanted it fast, like yesterday.
They worked like lightning, and by ten o'clock they presented me with a file. But my nails were not overlong, so they took it back and gave me an envelope instead.
It was interesting reading. Then, satisfied that they had my address right, I opened it.
Inside, I found six sheets of joined-up writing. It was one o'clock in the morning before I finished it. But by then I knew what I needed to know.
The God Botherers owned several buildings in Britain. Most of them were printing works for God bothering books. I remember one of those books. It was a dialogue concerning creation or evolution. It had been shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
They also had a couple of private colleges, but the most interesting building on the list was their UK headquarters. It was in London and just half a mile from my own office. I knew I had to get inside so I grabbed my coat. With it being so close, I didn't need a taxi. I decided to walk. Although I stood as I travelled down in the lift.
It was cool outside. The sky was clear and no doubt the stars would have twinkled if not for the light pollution of the city. I knew hectic things were going on behind every facade, but here, in the street, a deathly silence pervaded. I lit a cigarette, turned up my collar and walked on.
Shadows reached out from every doorway. The sounds of the now-sparse London traffic invaded the silence. But always it was far away, leaving me with a sense of isolation; a victim of the loneliness of the night.
I turned off the main street and began to negotiate the labyrinthine side streets where horrors unimaginable were played out every night. With every step I expected to trip over a blooded body, attacked by a mugger for a pittance, or a spaced out zombie, lying moaning in the gutter.
I was approaching a particularly vicious street. It was one of the darker hides of thuggery. In my earlier hack days I had often visited this street to report on slaying or robbery. I took a deep breath as I stood on the corner, looking this way and that before continuing with unsure steps.
As I walked on I heard a pitter-patter of tiny feet. A youth disappeared into the shroud of night after spraying 'Canned Pig' on the side of a police van.
Finally I was there.
The God Botherers headquarters was one of those old Victorian buildings, looking tiny, sandwiched between two glass towers. It was one of those unconventional marriages that gave London its character - a blend of the old and new.
It was three storeys high and there were no lights on. I looked up and down the street and sensed no movement. I felt I was alone. I walked up the steps to the door and took out my skeleton key.
I had found the key years ago when doing a story on an archaeological dig. It was, I was later told, part of the forefinger of a Homo Erectus.
Inside, the air was musty. I closed the door quietly behind me and took out a torch. I lit it with a match but in the glow I saw a 'No Smoking' sign. Thus, I extinguished it and took out a flashlight instead.
Its beam played havoc with the shadows and my mind. Old, worn steps stretched out before me, as if leading to the mouth of the demon. A shadow shot down the steps as if the dragon's tongue, about to lick me up. But I submerged the fear and negotiated the steps one by one.
At the top of the stairs I was greeted by a door which said: 'Registry.' At first wondering how the door could speak, I nonetheless knew this was the room I was looking for.
I opened the door and went in.
A mouse scuttled past my feet, a creak echoed from a loose floorboard and wind whistled through the corridors. But I controlled my flatulence, having no time for terrors such as these.
I loosened my coat, sat at a desk and began reading the files.
It was an education indeed.
By five o'clock I knew Johnny Clarke had spoken the truth. It was all there. The links to 'powerful men'; the arms deals organised to destabilise the world - it was a conspiracy greater than any previously known.
And I realised they had to be exposed.

I was tired by this time and my mouth tasted foul, my body aching in every imaginable place. With a sigh I put everything back where it had been and placed the empty paperclip box in my pocket. It had made an excellent spittoon; only my pocket was soon wet.
I'd stayed longer than I'd expected and knew the villainous night would soon give way to the first stirrings of day life. So I left the headquarters of the British God Botherers’ Society and disappeared into the dawn.
I needed rest now, for tomorrow, battle would commence.

Chapter Thirteen

‘… Turnest not thou aside to idols, nor make molten gods for yourself … I am the Lord thy God …’

Nathaniel Cunningham was feeling a little better. He hadn't dared to return to his estate these last three days. Instead, he had roughed it in his penthouse flat in town. It had taken two days to stop the shakes; not even his disciples could steady him. But when he managed to get hold of the monk he was sure exorcism would drive away the poltergeist within.
It was an unconventional act for a God Botherer to fall back on the conventional Church, but he had covered his ground well, and few would find out about his indiscretion.
The monk continued his incantations:

‘… and the land will vomit you out for having defiled it, as it vomited out nations before you ...'

The monk was from a silent order, so he enjoyed this one chance to voice his praise to the Lord. No winds built up to storm force; no goblin faces materialised to turn his habit a deeper brown. But he still gained great satisfaction in this Godly work. And as his incantations ceased, he fell into a deep silence, eyeing the room suspiciously for re-manifestation. But there was none.
'If only there was some way to thank you,' said Cunningham as the monk began to depart.
The monk simply held his hands to his front in silent prayer before they disappeared up his sleeves in the conventional arms-folded manner. Then, just as silently, he went.
Cunningham looked about him with a suspicious eye. Apart from his disciples, he was alone. The heating was off and the whole house was cold.
He was still far from composed. His nerves had taken a severe beating. He wanted to disappear into a hole. He tried to bolster up his confidence, but the fact that he was a coward got in the way. And he only had another week to snap out of it. Only seven days more and he was due to attend his biggest gathering yet. He had hired the Big Exhibition Centre for the event. Oh, he had done big gatherings before, but this was mega, with people expected in their tens of thousands.
He would pray for salvation for them, he would heal their cripples, and he would forward the message for himself.
But how, in his present state?

As Nathaniel Cunningham searched for the strength he needed, miles away in London, Johnny Clarke revisited Al Bradman.
'So what did you find out?' he asked.
Al was sat behind his desk. His eyes were bloodshot and seemed to hang from his face. This, and the cloud of smoke which threatened to consume him, gave him the appearance of a mythical being, breathing fire and brimstone.
'You were right,' he said. 'I've got enough evidence to really damage them.'
Johnny shook his head. 'Are you sure about that? Organizations as big as the God Botherers have survived scandals before. For years they've been ridiculed, but still they get more powerful every day.'
'You may be right,' said Al. 'Maybe my voice is not enough, but it's a start. And unless you've got any better ideas, I don't see what else we can do.'
At this point Peter materialised out of Johnny's right ear. 'I've had an idea,' he said.
'What?' said Johnny.
'What?' said Al, looking Johnny up and down in a most unusual manner. 'What did you say?'
'Nothing.'
'Why not …’ said Peter, whirling round and round and causing a minor wind, '… why not fight fire with fire.'
Johnny's hair blew in the breeze and Al Bradman looked under his desk, behind the curtains and shuddered. With nervous hands he lit another cigarette and inhaled deeply.
'How?' said Johnny.
'Who?' said Al.
Peter whizzed past the curtains and they fluttered behind Al; who jumped off his seat, saying: 'Where?'
Peter turned ectoplasmic and went back through the ear.
Telepathic communication followed and Johnny said: 'Great!'
Al said: 'When?'
'I've had an idea,' said Johnny.
'And I'm getting a few ideas about you,' said Al.
'We've got to really harm them so people will really know what they're up to.'
'But how can we do that?' asked Al.
Johnny smirked. 'I'm going to pretend to be Jesus Christ.'
Al's mouth dropped open, his cigarette falling to the floor.
He fought for composure. 'And just how do you intend to do that?'
Peter popped out of Johnny's ear and took a cigarette out of Al's packet. He stuck it in the journalist's mouth and lit it.
'What?'
Peter picked up a telephone and held it high above him. Al watched it levitate in sheer terror. He curled himself into a ball and whimpered.
'That's how,' said Johnny.
The telephone returned to the desk. Through shaking lips, Al said: 'How'd you do that?'
'Like this.'
Peter stood behind Al and lifted him.
'Okay, put me DOWN!!!!'
Peter put him down.
'I want you to announce that Jesus Christ has returned in the form of Johnny Clarke. The Second Coming is here at last.'
'It'll never work.'
But it did.

Chapter Fourteen

It began in the sleepy village of Monkhamptondale-on-When.
It was eleven o'clock in the morning of a pleasant, sunny day. The village green was quiet, only an elderly man walking his dog could be seen. In the trees the birds sang and from a distant field the faraway bleat of sheep could be heard.
Johnny Clarke seemed to appear from nowhere. He stood on the green and looked at the fairy tale cottages around him. To his left the Blue Ball Inn looked picturesque nestled among the trees and the dry stone walls. Johnny walked forward and stopped in front of the old man.
The old man looked at him, took off his flat cap, scratched his bald head and put it back on again.
Eventually he spoke. 'You're not one of them ruffians?' he asked, registering the stranger.
 'No,' said Johnny, smiling.
'Good. We don't want none of them in the village. It's a nice quiet village, and we don't want none of them.'
He said it in an emphatic way which appealed to Johnny, who said:
'No, I'm not a ruffian. I'm the Second Coming of the Lord.'
The old man took his cap off again, scratched his head and put it back on. 'You're what?'
He turned up his hearing aid and a high, whining tone echoed round the village.
'I'm the Second Coming of the Lord,' said Johnny.
Confused, the old man raised his stick as if in defence, expressed a number of expletives, kicked his dog and hobbled off, going straight home.
'What you said to old Mr Bottomley?' said a voice.
Johnny looked in the direction of the voice and saw a small child, about seven years of age. He was tiny for his age and the child ran up to Johnny Clarke and tugged his trousers.
'I said, what you said to old Mr Bottomley?'
'I brought him good news,' said Johnny.
'Oh no. You didn't tell 'im Gladys was coming back did you?'
'No. I told him the good news of the Coming of the Lord.'
'Who's "The Lord", mister? Is he a pop singer?’
'No, he looks like me.'
'Where does this "The Lord" fella live then,' said the child, sticking his finger up his nose and then into his mouth.
Johnny looked at the church across the green. He pointed in the same direction and said: 'The Lord lives in his house.'
The child said: 'No, not Old Tom the tramp. He's not come back has he?'
Johnny Clarke wasn't getting on as well as he thought he would. He conversed with Peter and Peter took the child's ankle and lifted him into the air.
'Whee,' said the child, 'this is great.'
'Well go and tell your mom.'
Peter put him down and the child went running off to tell his mom.
Johnny waited in expectation. Looking at the angelic face of the child, he was sure that an attractive young woman would soon appear. Instead, a stony faced, over-sized woman stomped his way, hair greasy thick and an ample, motherly bosom.
'What nonsense 'ave you been fillin’ my Jacob's 'ead with,' she ranted in a deep guttural voice.
'Praise be. I'm the Coming of the Lord!’ said Johnny.
The woman snarled and a rolling pin was suddenly aloft Johnny’s head. Sensing intent, Peter took hold of it and seconds later the rolling pin was flying through the air, doing circles above the woman's head. The next second the child was up there with it, riding the sky with glee.
'What's going on 'ere then?' said the woman, daring to look upon the scene only through the corner of her eye.
'It is good news,' said Johnny.
Peter blew at her and her hair stood on end. The rolling pin fell to Earth and she, too, levitated. Only Johnny was able to see the puffs and pants coming from Peter.
'What you doin up there, woman?' said a scruffily dressed man as he walked up, his hands covered in cow dung. 'Our Betty, get down this minute and go fix me dinner.'
'Oh, our Albert,' she said, breathlessly. 'This 'ere stranger brings good news.'
'I'll be givin yer good news in a minute. Now get down.'
The woman landed with a thump, followed by the child.
Momentarily, Peter lay prostrate on the ground but ethereal energy soon revitalised him and he was up, whirring about the labourer's head and his hair flew up, his cheeks swelled.
Johnny said: 'Don't be afraid, Albert. The Lord is with you.'
Hearing the commotion outside, Alf, Charlie and Henry came out of the Blue Ball just in time to see Albert take flight.
'Welcome one and all,' said Johnny, 'the Lord has come for your salvation.'
Ten minutes later the whole village had assembled on the village green. Johnny had levitated into a tree and was saying '… give up your evil ways, one and all, and you shall be cherished …' when the vicar came out of the church to see what was going on.
'What's going on?' he said.
'He's come,' said the assembled.
'Who's come?' asked the vicar.
'You know,' said all assembled, 'Jesus.'
'What devilment is this?' thundered the vicar, his deathly white complexion turning rosy. 'You there, get out of that tree. Who do you think you are?'
'Ask them,' said Johnny as he floated down to Earth.
'How dare you claim to be the Lord,' chastised the vicar. 'You ought to be ashamed of yourself.'
'Why be ashamed of the truth,' said Johnny. 'For in truth lies salvation. Be true to yourself and thou shalt inherit the Earth.'
Johnny thought he was perhaps being a touch melodramatic, so added: 'Or words to that effect.'
Deciding to play at Johnny's own game, the vicar said: 'So if you are who you say you are, then you'd be able to walk on water.'
It was a clear challenge, and Johnny was beginning to like challenges. He walked off the green and down the lane to the banks of the River When. The whole village followed him, some hopping and skipping, others wandering in disbelief. The vicar, on the other hand, remained stony faced.
Johnny stood on the bank while Peter took the strain of his ankles. Then, slowly, Johnny stepped on to the water. He turned to face the villagers and the vicar.
'Into the middle,' said the vicar.
Johnny walked off into the middle and stood there with a smug grin on his face. The vicar, on the other hand, fell to his knees, gibbering about forgiveness for his doubting ways.
Johnny then walked back to the bank and, so that all could see him, levitated twenty feet above the ground.
'Tell the world,' he said to them all. 'Tell the world that I have returned. Spread the good news, believe in the Second Coming and await the news of the new order of peace.'
At that, Johnny Clarke floated off into the nearby wood.

Chapter Fifteen

STRANGE GOINGS ON AT MONKHAMPTONDALE-ON-WHEN

Villagers speak of the Second Coming of Christ. The population of the sleepy village of Monkhamptondale -on-When spoke last night of a visitation from a stranger claiming to be a superbeing in the form of Jesus. During his brief visit he is said to have levitated several people as well as himself. When challenged by the local vicar to walk on water, he did so.
Experts from the chemical research laboratory ten miles away have checked the kegs at the Blue Ball in Monkhamptondale-on-When, but claim that unusual levels of alcohol were not found to be present.
Special report on page ten.

Al Bradman raised his eyes from the latest edition of the Morning Messenger and smiled. 'They got hold of it quickly,' he said. 'I didn't realise they were so wide awake.'
Johnny Clarke said: 'Well it can't hurt. We need all the publicity we can get if we're to succeed.'
'I can't argue with you there,' said Al. 'Let's see what else they say.'
He turned to page ten.

HAS JESUS RETURNED?

Monkhamptondale-on-When has suddenly rocketed into the headlines following the supposed visit by Jesus. During his short stay, miraculous happenings are supposed to have taken place. Head of Monkhamptondale's Parish Council, Ted Muckspreader, immediately denied rumours that it was a publicity stunt. Their soon to be opened Farming Museum needs no such publicity. So if it wasn't a publicity stunt, what was it?
The belief in the Second Coming goes back two thousand years when Jesus first appeared in Israel. For those who are unaware of the story, remembrance of his life is enacted by a minority of the population every Sunday morning when they attend church whilst waiting for the pubs to open at twelve o'clock. During his short life Jesus was said to journey around the countryside preaching, healing the sick and telling parables with a twist. He eventually went to Jerusalem, where he instigated several inner city riots and was put to death. After this, it is argued that he came back to life. His actions were the first steps towards the eventual establishment of the God Botherers’ Society, which seems to be fast replacing the established Church.
Leading astrologer Cressida Starstruck attacked the concept of the Second Coming immediately: 'It is preposterous,' she said, 'for Jesus to return yet. The planets are just not right.' Supersleuth of mysteries, Dr Barnabus Brainstorm, commented: 'The main problem with Jesus coming back yet is that there is no conjunction with the arrival of a comet, and it is well accepted that this will be his mode of transportation back from Venus, where he presently resides.'
Ufologist E T Orion pointed out: 'The manifestation is directly in accord with many ET visitations. We often see aliens in the form we wish to see, hence the mistaken assumption that he is Jesus.'
 So with so many conflicting ideas, it is hard to say at this stage what really happened at Monkhamptondale-on-When. All we can do is wait to see if he shows himself again.
However, as a footnote we can confirm reports that several songwriters have gone to ground to write another musical.

'So far so good,' said Johnny Clarke.
'And what happens now?’ asked Al, feeling a cough coming on. Sensing this, Peter lifted the chair. Al swallowed hard.
'I think we'll give the British public a few days to stew.'
Al scratched his head. 'But we're creating attention, Johnny. Surely now's the time to go for the throat.'
Johnny shook his head. 'I don't think so. If there's one thing a person gets excited about, it's a mystery. There's something awe-inspiring about a mystery that sets people on edge. And usually, when the mystery is understood, it becomes an anti-climax.’
Al conceded. 'So when will the Second Coming come for a second time?' he asked.
'In a couple of days I'll appear in another village. Do it quietly so that no one actually takes pictures of me levitating. THAT will stir the pot a little more, and no doubt the God Botherers will play into our hands by denouncing the manifestations as fraud. Then, towards next weekend, I'll burst out in a big way. Johnny will really come to town.'
'How?' asked Al.
'Jesus will return to Jerusalem. Or rather, he'll appear in Birmingham and do battle with Nathaniel Cunningham on his own ground. I'm going to destroy him, his meeting at the Big Exhibition Centre, and the God Botherers in one fell swoop.'
'A great idea, Johnny. But where do I fit in?'
Johnny picked up a pen and handed it to Al. 'Take this down,' he said.


Chapter Sixteen

DAILY MOON EXCLUSIVE
MONKHAMPTONDALE MAGICIAN
SPEAKS TO AL BRADMAN

News editor Al Bradman is in contact with the man dubbed the Monkhamptondale Magician. At this stage Mr Bradman is unwilling to name the man, but insists that his powers are genuine and he has come to Earth to give a powerful message for the future. Just what that message is, Mr Bradman doesn't know yet. 'All I can say,' he said, 'is that this mysterious character visited my home last night. To prove who he was, he levitated me. It was a scary experience, I can tell you. He said,' continued Mr Bradman, 'that he could not, yet, have his name known as this would be counter-productive to his mission. But he insisted that he was not an extraterrestrial intelligence, but came directly from Heaven.'
As to his purpose on Earth? 'Mankind is steering a wrong course. Things are happening on Earth - wars, famines, social disintegration, the rape of nature - which should not be happening. These things occur because of an evil process which is beginning to take over the minds of man.' Asked if this evil process is associated with the Devil, Mr Bradman's mysterious visitor said: 'It will be for the individual to decide this. Within the week the people of planet Earth will know of this process, and will be able to judge for themselves.'
When asked if he was, indeed, the Second Coming, the stranger replied: 'That, too, is for the people to decide. We must search our hearts, one and all; we must ask our inner most soul if what we are doing to the planet and to society is the way of God. If we decide it is not; if we decide to change our ways due to my message - then and only then will people be in a position to judge.'
'He says he will appear again,' said Mr Bradman, 'over the next four or five days. During this time he will be testing to see if mankind is a suitable race to receive the message, which he calls Good News. If he decides we are suitable, then at the weekend the truth will be known.’

Chapter Seventeen

A single bulb hung from the ceiling.
It cast a weak light which barely reached to the corners of the room. Under its glow a long mahogany table stood; a table which had seen better days. Around the table were seven chairs.
All existed in the room, as if waiting.
The room was dank and dusty, a small heater glowing in the gloom, battling the long-time present damp; damp which had been left untreated since last the room was filled.
Dust clung to the bulb, and it clung to the walls, and it clung to the table. Cobwebs hung from corners and decorated the chairs. The odd scuttle of a rat broke the eternal silence of this meeting place, the only other sound the faint, faraway cry of a desolate wind as it beat this infernal room in this infernal house in this bleak and inhospitable place.
No one ever came here, to this house, to this room ... except ...
The door screeched in neglected torment as it opened.
Footfalls made the rats alert as they scurried for the shadows. Frenzied black eyes would look out from the corners at the event now to take place, but they were eyes which could not tell. No one would ever ask; no one would ever know.
Seven men walked into the room and each sat on one of the seven seats and in silence they waited, gathering their thoughts Seven men were present; seven powerful men from multi-national business and politics.
'We meet to discuss a matter of vital importance,' said a powerful man, his voice as sinister as the room.
All heads nodded in agreement. Never had such a challenge been thrown their way. They had suffered many setbacks - peace following World War Two, failure of the Cuban Crisis to spark off the required war, the fall of the Soviet Union - but they could all be combated, given time. And the descendants of the Founding Fathers had plenty of time. They knew, each of them, that perhaps the time would not come during their lives, but they knew the end to which they worked. But now came a challenge that could ruin it all.
Never, for one moment, did they ever think the unthinkable would happen - that HE would actually come.
In the far off days, when the God Botherers were instituted, THEN they believed He would come. But those long dead founding fathers had been suppressed by a limited goal. They had only seen themselves in religious terms; they were unable to comprehend the greater issues of the processes they had begun.
But these seven powerful men were of greater stuff.
'What is to be done about him?' said another of the seven.
'The first thing is obvious. The Burning Bush must become the mouthpiece, declaring him the Anti-Christ. Is it not written that first the Anti-Christ will come; that he will come in sheep's clothing; that he will be the cause of Armageddon? Only with his coming can Christ return to do battle. Well the Anti-Christ is here! Or at least, we will claim he is.'
'It is fortunate that the writer of the Book of Revelation was so far sighted.'
'It is indeed. But that is only the beginning of the battle. And for the second phase we have severe problems.'
'What problems are these?' said another powerful man.
'Unfortunately, our most powerful man in Britain is Nathaniel Cunningham. It couldn't have happened in a worse country. The heathen British are only interested in religion with wealth. Hence, this maverick has seen fit to publicise our cause in the vilest of ways. This high profile evangelism is a thing I detest, but it was the only way in those Stubborn Isles. But the man is a fool. And it is upon his shoulders that our battle must rest. HE is our greatest hope of actually silencing this man who claims to be the Second Coming.'
'Can't we move someone else in?'
'Cunningham has a large following. Moving another in might upset them and move them away from our ways. No, it is to Cunningham we must turn.'
'And how is he to succeed?'
'We are lucky in that only a few days from now Cunningham is holding a major congregation in Birmingham, England. Tens of thousands are expected to be there. It is here that his work can really succeed. The man may be a fool, but he is a convincing fool. He has a way for ridiculing people. He could do us good work here.'
'But that hardly silences this imposter.'
'No, but the ways of Britain could work in our favour following his evangelizing. The British press is perhaps its own worst enemy. It believes in the philosophy that if anyone is doing better than them, then they do all in their power to knock them down. The British press could be our best ally. And one element of that press could be our greatest tool.'
'And what is that?'
'There is a paper called the Daily Moon. Its news editor is a man called Bradman. And it appears that our target is in contact with this Bradman. Get hold of Bradman and chances are we have a line on the identity of the imposter. Through Bradman the man could well be silenced for good.'
'Can Cunningham be trusted to do the job right?'
'We have been aware of Cunningham's failings for many years. That is why only our best pleasant young men are placed in his service. He thinks he is in charge, but the fool is easily manipulated. He will appear to control events, but the pleasant young men compose the tune.'
'But couldn't silencing him be a bad thing? In silencing him, might not people suspect foul play?'
'It is a possibility. We run the risk. But it is a chance we have to take. We cannot risk everything we have built up over the years. We cannot allow a single man to reverse the thought we have instilled for so long. With Armageddon, and our rule which will follow, the path is so complicated that, like a house of cards, one mistake can overturn the good work done.'
The decisions were made. The seven powerful men stood up, disturbing once more the dust that settled on the floor, and without emotion, without farewells, they departed, leaving the room to settle once more.
And soon they would return to their respective countries, to their armies, to their governments and, most important of all, to their multi-nationals; to the industry which, despite its pleas, continues to billow its waste into the air, continues to pollute the rivers and the seas. And they returned to continue the process unabated, furthering humanity's sense of desolation, of sheer, bloody, hopelessness. This was indeed the way that Armageddon could be induced. This was the way in which mankind would see its life as worthless. This was the way that war, that famine, that death would come.
If only the rats could speak!

Chapter Eighteen

But they couldn't.
Though Johnny Clarke could tell a good story.
It had been an impressive sight, watching him levitate from the ceiling of the nightclub, the lighting giving a most ethereal effect. The music had stopped, the people had ceased their dancing; a shocked silence pervaded.
'Are you him?' asked a solitary voice of youth.
'Who is HE?' asked Johnny.
'The one they talk about in the papers.'
'I might be, I might not.'
But Johnny Clarke had got their attention, and they all believed he was, and they asked him many questions, and he tried to answer the best he could …
'Do you believe in abortion?'
'Do you believe in wars?'
'Do you believe in sex before marriage?'
So many were the questions - so great was youth's confusion on moral issues - that it is impossible to give his answers here. But such was his gift at weaving a tale with Peter's help that all answers were greeted with awe.
They came in the form of stories with a twist, such as the following, prompted by the question: do children really understand the social issues of the day?

(For the Benefit of the Children)

‘I’m telling you, he's dead,' said Freddie.
Freddie sat on the footstool, staring up at his father, sat, motionless, in the chair by the fire. Next to him, Mark - little, six year old Mark - sat precariously on the settee, his little face not knowing whether to pucker in sorrow or quiver in delight. After all, his father was dead, and he knew that should bring sorrow. But Freddie, being two years older, was a most suitable role model, and HE wasn't crying. So neither, he surmised, should he.
'Are you sure, Freddie,' said Mark, 'are you sure - ABSO-LU-TELY sure - he's dead?'
Freddie sighed - gave his younger brother one of those grown-up looks. 'Look at him,' he said. 'Does he LOOK alive to you?'
Mark stared at the pale face, the open, unblinking eyes, the swollen, purplish tongue hanging limp. 'He does pull faces sometimes, Freddie,' he said, unrealistically.
 'Don't be stupid,' said Freddie. 'I'm telling you, he's dead.'
'So what do we do now?' asked Mark, searching for leadership.
Freddie momentarily stiffened his body, sighed, scratched his head. 'I suppose we'd better wait 'til mom gets home.'
Mark jumped excitedly on the settee. 'Yeah! Great idea. Mom'll make Daddy better, won't she?'
Which was all too much for Freddie. Standing up, he slapped Mark, hard, on the head. 'Don't be stupid,' he said. 'He's dead.'
Tears formed in Mark's eyes then. A pucker started to form, but just in time he stopped himself - rubbed his head instead. 'Well, Freddie,' he said. 'Why is Daddy dead?'
Freddie thought hard about that. Not ten minutes ago Daddy hadn't been dead. He'd been sitting in his chair waiting for mom to come back, just like them. He'd been talking about how lucky they were, living in a stable family environment and all that. Freddie and Mark didn't understand words such as 'environment', of course, but they got the general picture: Daddy, it seemed, was responsible for all their general happiness, unlike most kids at the school who were allowed to do all sorts of things that they weren't 'cos they didn't have a Daddy, and the gov-ern-ment gave their moms lots of money and their moms let them do whatever they wanted.
It was Mark who asked the obvious question then: 'Hey, Freddie,' he said, 'does this mean that from now on we can do whatever we want?'
Freddie smiled at that thought. 'Of course it does, stupid.'
Mark smiled, too. 'I wouldn't be too sure about that,' he said, shaking his head.
'Why's that?' said Freddie.
Mark looked down at the knife in Freddie's hand. 'Mom is sure gonna be cross with all that blood on it.'

Johnny Clarke really got his message across with his stories.
For the first time in his life, he really felt like the storyteller he aspired to be. And the questions continued, such as: 'Is belief as powerful as religion makes out? Can faith really move mountains?'
This was a tough one, but Johnny - with Peter's help - rose to the occasion.
Johnny decided to tell the story of the Immortal. 

(The Immortal)

He said: Are we born to die or is death simply the in vogue thing to do? Was death always a natural consequence of birth, or did ancient knowledge suspend man's mortal corruption?
Consider the ancient belief in alchemy. Is there such a thing as the Philosopher's Stone or Elixir of Life, through which immortality is achieved? And is pure belief in such a thing enough to create the fact?
James had pondered long on this when a psychologist friend had asked him to call to discuss an interesting case.
'He claims to be an alchemist,' said the psychologist.
James viewed the patient. 'How old is he?' he asked.
'Obviously no more than forty, yet he claims to be two hundred years old.'
'Have you questioned him yet?' asked James.
'Oh, yes. And it's quite fascinating,' said the psychologist. 'I've done two hypnotic sessions so far. He took to living the life of a hermit after being discharged from the army following the Napoleonic Wars. Soon we find him living with an unknown mystic. Personally I think this unknown gentleman is a figment of his imagination. Eventually the mystic impresses upon the alchemist a need to attain a deeper spiritual meaning of life and, how I do not know, he comes upon a new alchemical formula.'
The psychologist continued: 'Life becomes more scientific now. He purchases bellows, vases, tubes, a grate and other equipment. Suddenly he has produced the essence – a yellowy substance. Incantations follow for almost a week and then he burns the substance, ending with a crystalline compound. This, he believes, is the Philosopher's Stone.'
The psychologist paused, then said: ‘Whether he goes on to burn it with lead to produce gold is unclear, but the next picture is of him being involved in intrigues just prior to World War One. By this time he is an accomplished alchemist, surgeon, musician and spy, getting himself involved in all manner of adventure, the alchemist going on to be the most important factor in the successful outcome of the war. From here we have further intrigues throughout World War Two, the Cold War and the Arab/Israeli conflicts. It is all very typical of the charlatan element of such delusions of immortality.'
It was a fascinating case and, looking into the alchemist's eyes, James couldn't help but be in awe at the intelligence and knowing that shone from them.
'So what is your diagnosis?' he asked.
'A typical case of fantasy-prone personality, aided by phenomenal memory recall of books read, et cetera, recalled during hypnosis; a well-known phenomenon called cryptomnesia.'
'And the treatment?'
'The problem must be relieved, so I'm going to hypnotically suggest the error of his delusion. Convince him that he is not immortal, and certainly not two hundred years old.'
For two days James observed the psychologist at work, but it was no easy task. There seemed to be an impregnable barrier within the man's mind; so powerful was his delusion. But slowly a crack appeared in the subject's mental armour. The psychologist was beginning to get through. But what judgment is to be made of the final outcome?
'You are not two hundred years old,' said the psychologist for the thousandth time on the third day.
What was it that clicked in the alchemist's mind? Acceptance?
Could he be so wrong? What caused the sudden anguish in those eyes?
James would never know. But suddenly the alchemist was decided. The message had been received. He stooped and, in a period of no definable time, became a shapeless blob, dripping putrefaction to the floor.

Johnny Clarke knew it would soon be time to leave. Soon the message would be going round that the stranger was in the club. Soon cameras would be loaded and pointing. But it was not yet time for him to be known. That time would come soon. So he bade goodbye to his new-found friends and disappeared into the night.

Chapter Nineteen

Report from The Morning Messenger:

MONKHAMPTONDALE MAGICIAN SPEAKS HIS WISDOM

The stranger who has come to be known as the Monkhamptondale Magician appeared in a nightclub last night. He stole the show by answering questions with stories, in a similar way to the Biblical Parables. Said a witness: 'He had our absolute attention. The way he weaved his tales was not only entertaining, but the tales showed the errors of our ways.' Weaving tales around real moral issues, another witness said: 'I don't think I've heard such good stories since reading the collections by Johnny Clarke.'

Editorial from The Burning Bush:

A stranger has appeared in our midst telling lies. He claims to be the Second Coming but do not listen to his rantings. We, the good and chosen ones, can see through his deceit. For those who study the Bible, they will know what is written. It is this:
One will come to us claiming to be HE. But he is a false prophet. It is written that before the true Second Coming a Devil will descend upon us, but he will claim to be the Righteous One. The Devil will offer great promises. He will offer peace the easy way. But it will be a peace for the bad. This stranger is not the Second Coming. He is, as the writings foretell, the Anti-Christ. And he is also the beginning. He is the sign, the herald, that the time is nigh.
Soon, good people of Earth, the Day of Judgement will be upon us. It will be a harrowing time, but good will rise above the events of the day and will exist again in a reborn Earth, where man will live in harmony with the flora and fauna. The reborn Earth will be a Paradise of equality, where all will live in God's true shadow; where birth will be free of pain; where man will be free of death; where good and peace will reign ever after.
Good people of the Earth, prepare for the day approaching; deny your evil ways; search your soul for the good in every man. And for those who do not repent, then prepare to meet thy doom.

(Editor's note: British Edition)

Praise be, people of Britain. You have a special chance to repent your sins. Visit Nathaniel Cunningham - a good and Godly man - in Birmingham. The whole of the Big Exhibition Centre is being prepared for this mammoth event. Be amazed by the power of the true God. Be in awe at the news his profit brings. Be sure to guarantee your place in the coming Paradise and in the Big Exhibition Centre. Tickets available now; a cinch at only £75 per person. Babies and OAPs special rates. Soft drinks and popcorn on sale throughout the event. 

Report from the Daily Herod (the gutter one):

MONKHAMPTONDALE MAGICIAN
THE TRUTH

The Monkhamptondale Magician set a new precedent last night when he raved at a local nightclub. Manager of the Starlust Club said: 'This could be the start of something big. The Cavern gave us The Beatles. Now, born in the Starlust Club, we have the Levitation Boogie.' In their quest for the identity of the Monkhamptondale Magician, our reporters have left no stone unturned. Several witnesses at both Monkhamptondale and the Starlust Club were said to say: 'Yes, he could have had a Cockney accent.'
Investigations have confirmed that no child has been born within the sound of Beau Bells called Jesus in recent times, suggesting that the stranger's birth could have been covered up. In search of the truth, our reporters scoured the pubs of the area but failed to find a stable.
One further issue concerns toy manufacturers, who are becoming increasingly worried about recent events. 'What if,' said a spokesman - small, spikey haired and living at the North Pole - 'what if the stranger wasn't born on 25th December? We could go out of business.'

Report from the Daily Moon:

Al Bradman reports the stranger has been in contact again. Visiting him last night, Mr Bradman said: 'The stranger is becoming increasingly worried about the God Botherers Society. He claims that they are false and should not represent the views of the truly religious. The main element of his mission is to show how these people are evil and are intent on corrupting the human race. In the next few days, the stranger will give proof of his goodness, and their evil.'
Mr Bradman refused to say more about the mysterious stranger.

STOP PRESS

Al Bradman - news editor of the Daily Moon – disappeared last night. There were no witnesses to his disappearance and, said a police spokesman, ‘in light of his recent reportage, we are treating his disappearance as suspicious.'

Chapter Twenty

Hi.
I'm Al Bradman. If you've heard the news recently you'll know that I've disappeared. You may be tempted to think that my disappearance is part of Johnny Clarke's plot, but it isn't. It's far more sinister than that.
I'd decided, you see, that the previous chapter I wrote was the best thing I'd ever written. You could say it inspired me. I've always thought of myself as a good hack, but I'd never contemplated fiction before. And if Anthony North could do it, then so could I. Hence, I'd decided to write a novel.
With this in mind I visited a publisher friend of mine to ask what he thought of the idea. I said to him: 'Look, I've decided to go into fiction.'
He shook his head and said: 'But you already write fiction.' At that he slammed down a pile of my editorials. 'And you're lousy.'
However, this affront didn't put me off, and in order to find inspiration, I did what Dickens always did, and began to walk the streets of London. Until last night, that is, when a pleasant young man came up behind me and took out a pistol from his tatty Bible.
Why Anthony North called them pleasant young men I'll never know. I suppose it must have something to do with their seemingly slight appearance, as though they wouldn't harm a fly. Or maybe it was the voice, soft and almost naive. But most likely it was the serene smile they could give, their eyes innocent of the dangers of the world. But HE was the danger, and with the appearance of the pistol a metamorphosis occurred greater than any transition from Jekyll to Hyde.
The eyes seemed to change from sky blue to the darkest ebony and in them one could see a depressing, fatal, unsure future.
The pistol was rammed into the small of my back and his voice, when he spoke, issued menace.
I walked on, wary of my impending destiny.
As I approached the curb a car pulled up. It was a Rolls Royce and a door was opened for me. I got in and, in the driving seat, I saw an almost mirror-image of the pleasant young man. Visions flashed through my mind of the God Botherers having Dr Mengele in their employ, turning out genetic clones by the thousand; automaton soldiers to do their work, only they were not Christian.
The pleasant young man got in beside me and shut the door.
The car drove off and the pleasant young man offered a pleasant smile, only it wasn't pleasant to me. To me it was like the kiss of death.
We drove for ten minutes before entering an underground car park. It was dark in there and a depression clung to my soul. The car pulled up and the pleasant young man got out. He used the pistol to advise of his demands, and that pistol told me to get out also.
The journey to the lift took only a few seconds, but every second was, to me, an eternity. Every step brought me nearer to my death, I was sure.
We seemed to travel upwards in that lift forever. I wondered if it was taking me all the way up to heaven, if that was where I would go. But instead it stopped on the top floor, the doors opened and I was bundled out.
Two more pleasant young men were waiting for me. Roughly, they pulled off my clothes, leaving me naked in a large sitting room. It was warm in the room but a deep chill took me over and I shivered.
Five minutes later they brought back my clothes. I put them on and realised that my pockets were empty. They had searched thoroughly.
I said: 'Can I have a cigarette?' But they declined to give me one, advising that they were bad for my health. This convinced me more than ever of the truth of Johnny Clarke's discovery. Such were the ways of the God Botherer, issuing the starkest threats veiled in the language of welcome news; morality had become the weapon of our destruction.
How stupid we are when seen in this light.
Three pleasant young men surrounded me as I stood in that room. I had never been a particularly brave man, but, I liked to think, neither was I a coward. And as I stood there I realised I was about to die.
But I was too young, and I WAS going to do something about it. I'm a big man and not accustomed to rapid movement, but I managed to move with incredible speed then. My right fist slammed into the face of the nearest pleasant young man. I felt his jaw crack and his nose flatten as I hit. With my other hand I pulled him towards me, using his body as a shield as the others drew their pistols and threw their tatty Bibles to the floor. Thunder erupted as a tirade of bullets sliced through the air and peppered the body of their supposed colleague.
Blood gushed in torrents from his chest, from his torso, from an arm and leg and I stood in pools of the stuff. Out the corner of my eye I saw a third tatty Bible and reached out for it, pulling it to me.
I dived for the Sanctuary of the back of a chair and, opening the Bible, took out the pistol. At the bottom of the secret compartment in the Bible I read the words, 'the Wrath of God,' and I felt sick. Then sickness was replaced by extreme anger. How dare they claim to work under such authority? I thought to myself, and the thought imbued me with superhuman courage.
I dived from my cover, firing as I gyrated across the room. The bullets were true and the second of the pleasant young men seemed suspended as blood flowed from his chest. He offered that hated smile once more as the black of ebony seemed to spread across his face. Finally a spurt of blood issued from his mouth, staining his teeth and, as he fell, he seemed to perform a macabre break dance.
Now there was only one. Something told me that this was the one who had shot Johnny Clarke. This was the one concocted in Johnny Clarke's mind when he wrote that fateful story. Only he wasn't a product of the mind, but a product of insight; and a product that HAD to be discontinued.
A war cry issued from my gut as I flew across the room once more, firing as I went. Chips of a table erupted about my face as the pleasant young man returned fire. One fragment of wood hit me just below the eye and I was temporarily blinded by a flow of blood. But wiping it aside, I trained my purloined pistol at the target and, only half aware of my actions, I shot him dead.
Time was suspended. I stood in the centre of destruction; I swam in a sea of warm blood; I breathed in the stench of my own Armageddon. I saw myself as the reaper and madness filled me. Then, clinging to reality, I ran from that room. Before, although a man, I was really a child. But now I had grown up.
I saw the world through different eyes. Suddenly my past life seemed of no importance. My blabberings in the paper were of an immature past. Now I knew the way of destiny. Now I knew a purpose had been set for me. And that way was the way of Johnny Clarke. What had begun as an adventure had become a Crusade.
I was out of the building and running through the streets. I was running and I was thinking, ignoring all about me. And I was thinking of Johnny Clarke. Then, as if hit by a solid brick wall, I stopped. I checked my pockets.
Nothing was there. Not even a scrap of paper. And it was a scrap of paper I was looking for; a note from Johnny telling of the next statement I was to make. It wasn't that I couldn't remember it, but the fact that his name was on it. AND IT WAS IN THEIR HANDS!
I turned and began walking back towards the building. I had to get that note back. I had to save Johnny's identity from them. It was not yet time. But as I faced the building from across the street, pleasant young men could be seen by the dozen. I had displayed courage, but what was needed now was a faith I did not possess.
With a heavy heart I turned my back on the scene, realizing my betrayal of Johnny Clarke, and in the distance, a cock crowed.

Chapter Twenty One

MONKHAMPTONDALE MAGICIAN UNVEILED

The stranger who has been claiming to be the Second Coming is Johnny Clarke, the famous writer of short stories with a twist. The claim was made during a phone call to this office last night. The caller refused to give his name, but recent events suggest the validity of the statement. Johnny Clarke not only fits the description of the stranger, but was last seen in hospital a week ago, when he was beginning to suffer delusions. The supposed 'parables' told by the stranger are also very similar to the stories of Johnny Clarke. His publisher denies that the whole thing is a publicity stunt to promote his next collection of stories.

Al Bradman threw the Daily Herod to the table. 'I'm sorry Johnny,' he said, shaking his head.
Johnny Clarke sighed. 'There's no need to be, Al,' he said. 'It's hardly your fault.'
'But I shouldn't have kept that note. I should have got rid of it.'
'I'm not really bothered about that. And anyway, it was my fault for not realizing that the God Botherers would try to get my identity from you. Using you as a go-between was the real mistake. And a mistake that has cost lives.'
'Now don't you start feeling guilty, Johnny. Just remember what the God Botherers are trying to do. A few lives are nothing compared to the billions who could die if they got their way.'
Johnny Clarke knew that Al was right, but life is a precious thing. The loss of a life can be compensated in no material or financial way, but it is a sad fact that that which is priceless before the first death degrades to no value at all as a campaign proceeds. After blood has been spilt, further blood becomes the cost, and the furtherance of an ideal a worthless pursuit.
'So what do we do now?' 
'We go on,' said Johnny. 'There's no other course.'
'How can I help?'
'I take it there's no mention of the deaths?'
'No. They covered it up well.'
'Then it's time for your reappearance. And this is what I want you to say ...’

Report in the Morning Messenger the following day:

JOHNNY CLARKE TELLS IT ALL

Al Bradman reappeared last night telling of his abduction by the God Botherers Society. Said Mr Bradman: 'I was abducted as I was out walking. I was taken to a house where I was interrogated about Johnny Clarke. They wanted to know where he was so they could kill him.'
Mr Bradman managed to make his escape, but in denying the charges, Nathaniel Cunningham said: 'I really don't know how anyone can believe this rubbish. As most people know, we are a God-fearing Society and abhor violence of any kind.'
Upon returning to work, Mr Bradman read the following statement, said to be from Johnny Clarke: 'I am Johnny Clarke and it is true that I am the Monkhamptondale Magician. But I am not the man I was before. A while ago I wrote a story about the God Botherers in which I portrayed them as political fanatics conspiring to bring about Armageddon and World Government by suggestion. I was shot by a pleasant young man because the story was true.
'After my shooting I had a mystical experience in which I spoke to Peter at the Golden Gates. There was a Supreme Being present. Whether this was God, I don't know, but he informed me that it was not yet time for me to die. I had work to do back on Earth before my destiny was complete. I now know of the sincerity of my purpose.
'Tomorrow I will arrive in Birmingham and during this visit I will give absolute proof of the sincerity of my mission. After that, it is for the people to decide.'

Chapter Twenty Two

Johnny Clarke arrived in Birmingham on the 14.15 from Euston. Walking through the ticket barrier, he was greeted by a mass of humanity. People by their hundreds cheered him - people of every colour, creed, sexuality and financial status. They had heard of Johnny's purpose and were here for him.
He stood in front of the assembly and purpose flooded him, his whole body tingling with excitement and destiny. Peter flew high and created a wind above the gathering. They looked up and felt the wind on their faces, and they knew. Then he built up his mental energy to phenomenal power and a ball of light appeared high up in the ceiling of the station.
Johnny uttered a single word and moved forward: 'Follow.'
He walked out of the station into the mass of shops, brightly lit walkways and superstores. Further crowds were waiting and they cheered him. He looked about him and raised his hands for silence, knowing that, above all else, the people had to accompany him on his present mission. And nothing makes people cling to you more than excitement. And excitement was what he was going to offer.
He walked into a store and said:
'Is this the way of righteousness, that a shopping centre should be hallowed in greater form than the Church?'
He pulled at a counter and it overturned, spilling its wares onto the floor.
'Is happiness to be judged at £2.99 or cut price at £19.95?'
Another counter was overturned and Johnny ran out of the store and into another.
'Is the richness of pocket, the power of our money, the new religion?'
Further counters fell as he ran from shop to shop, the crowd following behind, building to frenzy.
'Surely there must be a better way.'
Some of the crowd attempted to join in his destruction, but Johnny said:
'Stop! '
And they stopped, totally in awe of his authority, accepting their lot as unworthy observers to Johnny's cause.
'People of Birmingham,' he eventually said, his destructive urges sated, the crowd growing bigger by the minute: 'We have a journey to undertake.'
He was tired by now, his body aching, a sharp pain issuing from his chest where the bullet wound was not yet properly healed. Yet he continued:
'We seek out proof of what I have told. We seek out proof of the devilment of the God Botherers. Are you with me?'
A huge roar of 'YES!!!' erupted through the city centre.
Johnny Clarke held his head up high as the sound echoed through his mind. He was the man of the moment, and he had many sheep.
He straightened his body and walked proudly on, out into New Street, the crowd his tail, snaking ever back to where he had begun.
'Follow me,' he said to the shoppers as they passed, and they passed no more, but followed.
'Follow me,' he said to the youths at the corner, and they followed.
'Follow me,' he said to the drinkers in the pub, and they followed.
It was a long journey on foot they had to make. And out of the city centre they marched, the procession never ending as it stretched for miles. Out in the suburbs the frenzy was still there, constantly instilled by the power of the man. And on they marched, ever onwards to their destination …

Chapter Twenty Three

Nathaniel 'Herpes' Cunningham had got his act together. He had to, for the hard word had come down from above; the seven most powerful men had put it in their most persuasive manner. 'It is all or nothing,' they had said. 'Succeed, or you die.' And nothing could be plainer than that.
He sat in the dressing room, the make-up artist placing the last touches to his face. His hair had been recently blacked and the designer suit recently pressed; even the ever manifesting bags under his eyes had been ironed out - which hurt.
The faraway sound of chants and cheers could be heard from the congregation in the main hall. They imbued him with purpose - or rather showmanship - that he knew he had to exert to the full this night. Rumours had reached him that a procession was on the way, and it was obvious what that procession intended to do; or at least, what its leader intended to do. But he was a powerful adversary on the stage. He could have been a politician but had decided to develop his career in a profession with REAL power.
It was 8.45pm and he had fifteen minutes to go. It was time for the final preparations, mainly intended to put him at ease rather than assist in the technicalities of the act.
'Let me see the cripples,' he said to a pleasant young man by his side.
The pleasant young man opened a door and out hobbled six painful looking, stooped individuals. Cunningham stood up and walked down the line, shoulders back, chest out. In another time he could have been a Nazi inspecting his loyal few. He offered a grin of satisfaction, ruffling the odd jacket to add the pauper effect. Then he dismissed them.
Painfully they walked out of the dressing room, and as the last one negotiated the door, he said: 'And Charlie, don't forget to limp this time.'
Charlie smirked and continued on his painful way.
'Five minutes, Mr Cunningham,' said a stage hand as he popped his head round the door.
He never answered. He just stood in front of the mirror, preening himself. Faraway his signature tune began and the hall erupted into applause and hallelujahs. Confident, he took a last breath and walked out of the room, round the back of the stage and, helped by a fanfare, walked into the lights.
The crowd worked itself up to frenzy, the carefully placed helpers instigating the applause. Cunningham just stood there glorying in his majesty, allowing the salutations to continue for nearly five minutes. Then, holding his hands up for silence, he eyed them like a true professional.
With perfect timing, he reached for his microphone. 'Praise be,' he said, and the crowd erupted again. 'Praise be.'
Two minutes of applause followed.
'Let me tell you about the Lord. He is a good man. He loves you all. And he is watching you always. Nothing escapes the Lord. He knows you all, he IS you all. And he knows the good … just as he knows the bad.
'He loves the good; He cherishes the good.'
Here, a pause; a sincere look about the crowd.
'BUT … he despises the bad.
'Are you bad!!?'
Here, a tirade of denial.
'But some are bad. Some do not deserve to serve in God's house. Some do not deserve the life's breath that is the preserve of the Lord. And when the Day of Judgment comes - as it will! - then they will be done.'
Cheers erupted once more and Cunningham had to wait for renewed silence.
'Our Lord is not a vengeful Lord, but he is a Lord who can punish. And the bad WILL be punished. They will ROT in eternal damnation. Come the day when the good reigns supreme, when the meek have truly inherited the Earth, then the bad WILL - BE - CUT - DOWN!!!'
Frenzy built up to bursting point as the crowd surged and screamed:
'WE are good, we are good; praise the Lord.'
'And the time is nigh ... YES!! IT - IS - NIGH!!'
'It is nigh,' chanted the crowd, 'it is nigh.'
'And how do we know it is nigh? We know because it is written that one will come and claim to be good. But he is a wolf in sheep's clothing. He is not good, but the most abominable bad. One will come who is the Devil incarnate. AND - HE - IS- HERE!!!
'He comes now, good people,' Cunningham became breathless for effect. 'At this very moment the Devil approaches. Cover your eyes from him as he arrives. Cast out the evilness of his stench. Do not listen to his ways, for they are the ways to destruction.'
In the distance another crowd could be heard. Closer they came with every passing second.
'Bolt the doors against them. This is a place of God. Do not let them enter. Do not entertain this Johnny Clarke who claims to be the One, but is not the One.'
Pleasant young men bolted the doors at his command as the crowd moved ever nearer.
'Let me show the power of the Lord so that you need not feel fear. Let me show how the Lord works through me. Bring me cripples so as I might heal. Bring me cripples so as I might show the true power of goodness.'
The six cripples separated from the crowd and painfully limped onto the stage, assisted by ever helpful pleasant young men.
Outside the main hall, thumps could be heard as battering rams pounded the doors and eventually they gave.
A hush fell on the Big Exhibition Centre as Johnny Clarke walked into the hall.
'Shield your eyes from this evil,' Cunningham continued. 'Block your ears to keep out his ranting. Do not be afraid, good and Godly folk. Do not be afraid. No, do not cower from him. Stand bold and the Devil can be defeated.'
Johnny Clarke walked on towards the stage as the procession spilled in to fill the hall. A path opened up before him as he walked with purposeful, but casual, stride.
'How dare you hold your head so high in the presence of the Lord?'
Johnny Clarke was half way to the stage and walked on relentlessly.
'You are a False Prophet, and I spit on the ground upon which you walk.'
Johnny Clarke reached the steps and took them one by one and burst out into the brilliance of the stage.
'You are the way through which Armageddon will come. And battle will soon begin …’
Cunningham stopped in his tracks as Johnny Clarke levitated ten feet into the air. The crowd gasped. Slowly Johnny Clarke returned to the stage and, in a quiet voice, said:
'The time is indeed nigh for you and all your kind. I am here to expose the true unGodly enemy. I command that enemy to rise.'
Peter grabbed an ankle and Cunningham was raised from the floor. He screamed as his composure left him.
'I will show you the true power of the Lord.'
Cunningham fell to the floor.
Johnny turned to the first cripple. He pointed and said: 'Be healed.'
Peter nipped his backside and the first cripple ran off the stage in shock.
'Be healed,' he said to the second, who did likewise, and the third, and the fourth, and the fifth, and the sixth ...
'It is the power of the Devil,' said a voice, the speaker crumpled on the floor. 'Do not believe him, it is the power of the Devil.'
The crowd looked from one to the other, uncertain, knowing not what to do or what to believe. Muttering broke out, anxiety festered in every head.
Johnny raised his hands and silence fell once more.
He said: 'The God Botherers’ Society is not the work of God. The God Botherers’ Society is not even the work of the Devil. The God Botherers’ Society is nothing more than the work of greedy powerful men; men who care not for the person, but only for their own greed. The God Botherers’ Society wants nothing more than to bring Armageddon as dictated by the Bible. They want to bring chaos in order to take power, to rule the entire planet. And what they would rule would not be Paradise, but Hell on Earth.
'This is the message I bring. I bring a message of denial of the God Botherers’ Society; the society that has no contact with the supernatural, but simply a society that perverts the state of mankind.'
'And what are the weapons used by this society? I tell you; I prove to you. Look around you, one and all. Feast your eyes on the innocence of the pleasant young men in this hall. Do you want proof of their vicious ways? Well here it is. Hold them. Restrain them. Take their Bibles away from them, and open them. Then you will see the religion of these vermin.'
The crowd surged, the pleasant young men were arrested, and one by one tatty Bibles were opened, and in every one ... a pistol.
The crowd gasped in amazement. Many shook their heads, and anger rose in this crowd which was no longer a group of individuals, but an organism in its own right. And the nerve centre of the organism was Johnny Clarke.
He and the crowd were one.
And together they rejoiced at a new dawn.

Chapter Twenty Four

Report from the Morning Messenger:

GOD BOTHERERS UNVIELED AS JOHNNY CLARKE CURES CRIPPLES

The Big Exhibition Centre was taken by storm last night as Johnny Clarke led a procession of 20,000. Taking the stage from Nathaniel Cunningham, he declared him and his movement a fraud, attempting to subvert the course of history and instilling a dictatorial World Government following chaos.
Concerning Clarke's powers a witness said: 'It was just fantastic. He lifted Cunningham up by pure mental thought. Then he turned to the six cripples and told them to be cured. And they were. They ran off the stage jumping for joy.' Giving the crowd further proof of the Society's subversion the tatty Bibles of the pleasant young men were found to be Biblical holsters for pistols.
Since the momentous events at the Big Exhibition Centre governments the world over have been asking serious questions about the scale of the conspiracy. In the US it is believed one senior officer in Strategic Air Command has been working towards the ends of the God Botherers by recruiting a private army of missile fire officers. General Dwight Windbucker with a 'B' denies the charges but an investigation is on-going.
Johnny Clarke eventually managed to break away from the ever-growing crowds at the Big Exhibition Centre and his present whereabouts are unknown. However, questions are now being asked concerning the validity of him actually being the Second Coming. As one researcher pointed out: 'It is now time to look seriously at the story he wrote, first mentioning fears of the God Botherers. It is quite probable that it was miraculous prophecy. If this is so, then Johnny Clarke could indeed be the One.'

Report from the Daily Herod:

IS JOHNNY CLARKE A CRACKPOT CONJURER?

Johnny Clarke put on the greatest show on Earth last night when cleverly concealed ropes and pulleys allowed him to levitate. Although no ropes were actually found, several witnesses close to him at the time pointed out that just prior to his levitations he was said to whisper: 'Are you ready, Peter?'
The only explanation for such whispering is that Johnny Clarke was in cahoots with an accomplice. This begs the question: Is Johnny Clarke the Second Coming, or a master trickster? Prior to his assault on the Big Exhibition Centre, Johnny Clarke went amok in Birmingham City Centre, vandalizing over a dozen shops. Because of the size of the crowd the police were unable to apprehend him at the time, but they are interested in speaking to him as soon as possible.

Chapter Twenty Five

'Do people often get things wrong, like they did with the God Botherers?'
It was four o'clock in the morning and Johnny Clarke was tired - both physically and emotionally. It had been an unusual day to say the least. But as he sat by the glowing fire on the deserted building site, he couldn't help but be fascinated with the company he was keeping.
The question had been asked by the Runaway, now sleeping rough. Johnny Clarke thought hard and then told this story:

(Looking For Kids)

Mrs Jackson looked about the courtroom and said: 'He went up to the child. As bold as brass, he was. He was about fifty and he had this shabby suit on. His hair was a mess and - I don't mind telling you - I think he was a bit dirty.'
The Coroner looked down from the bench. 'Can we keep to the facts please, Mrs Jackson.'
'Sorry. Anyway, this young child was playing all by himself just at the side of the shops. He must have been about ten. Obviously he was skipping school, but he didn't seem to be doing any harm - not like some of the little sods. Anyway, I saw this man go up to him. He said: "What's your name, then?"
‘The boy didn't answer, so the man said something else - I didn't catch it all, but I heard him say "you're coming with me," and at that the kid started kicking and screaming.'
‘What did you do then?' asked the Coroner, almost nonchalantly.
'What do you think? I'm a mother, aren't I? I shouted. I screamed: "Quick, some perv's trying to snatch that kid.'"
'Right, Mrs Jackson. Now I want you to think about this very carefully. What, exactly, happened next?'
Mrs Jackson thought deeply, trying to picture it in her head. 'I know my friend, Penny, came out of the shop; and there was this man - a brickie - came out after her. Penny came over to me and looked, and she thought the same as me. "Oh dear, you can't be too careful nowadays, can you?" she said, "what with all them paedo-whatsits about."
'I agreed, of course - as I said, I'm a mother.'
‘And what about the man,' said the Coroner, becoming impatient with all the innuendo and supposition.
'Well, I'll tell you this,' said Mrs Jackson, 'he was a dad, too. I saw that rage break out on his face. His cheeks went all hard and I thought he was going to growl. Anyway, he didn't. He just turned round to his mates working on the new shop a bit up the road and shouted: "Fellas, quick, there's a sicko snatching a kid!'"
'Those were the very words he used?' asked the Coroner. 
'Well, there may have been a few "fs" in it too.'
'What were the man and child doing then?'
Mrs Jackson thought again. 'The kid was still trying to pull himself lose. As for the sick ... fella holding him, he suddenly let go and just stared. After all, there were four of them?'
'Did he attempt to run away?'
'No,' said Mrs Jackson, 'and I suppose that's strange, really. He seemed glued to the spot - almost as if he knew what he was gonna get.'
'And what was that, Mrs Jackson?'
‘I'm not with you, your honour.'
'What was he going to get?'
'Well, I could only imagine.’
'Or hope?'
‘Beg your pardon?'
‘Mrs Jackson, did you scream at them, and I quote: "Give the bastard one for me.”’
Mrs Jackson looked uneasy as she stood in the court. She looked down at her feet momentarily. Then, holding her head up high, she said: 'I might have. After all, he's a sicko, isn't he? And I'm a mother. The whole lot of them should have their balls cut off and stuck so far down their throat they choke.'
'Have you ever heard of the presumption of innocence, Mrs Jackson?'
'And have you ever heard of a society so stupid that they allow monsters loose to kill their kids!'
Mrs Jackson composed herself then.
'Have we calmed down?' asked the Coroner.
'Yes. '
'So what happened next?'
'Well, they got him, didn't they.'
'Did you notice a particular leader among them?’
‘No. There are no leaders when things get so ugly.’
'So what happened?'
'They just kicked the hell out of him. He went down straight away; curled up in a ball, he was; screamed for mercy.
'I suppose that made them worse - a sicko screaming for mercy. How many little kids had pleaded to him for mercy?
'Anyway, it was bloody. There was blood everywhere. And - and - and when they'd finished. Well, he was a mess.'
‘Unrecognizable is the term, is it not, Mrs Jackson?'
‘Yea - that.'
'Thank you, Mrs Jackson. Can we have the next witness?'
James Sinclair, the local Head Teacher approached the bench.
The Coroner looked at him and said: 'Tell me, Mr Sinclair, how many years had Mr Bentley been a truancy officer ...?'

Johnny Clarke's face became animated by the dance of the fire. It was atmospheric, adding to the mood of the storytelling session around the fire, as in olden times. Indeed, he was becoming shocked by his own wisdom.
He had always been such a naive soul. Even his success as a writer was really down to Peter. But now, suddenly, it was as if Johnny Clarke was growing up; as if events of late had rocketed him through a late adolescence and plummeted him into adulthood. 'You see, people can often get things wrong because we rarely see things as they really are, as Mrs Jackson would now admit. She played her own part in the killing of a man who was simply doing his job. It only appeared to be something more sinister.'
Around the fire all faces looked enthralled - drawn to the magnetism of his words.
'We can only know what the world is really like by taking ourselves out of it for a while. If you stand in a wood you can only see the individual trees. You see only part of the overview by doing so. Only by taking yourself out of the wood can you see the wider meaning - the wood itself.
'And what we all should do,' he continued, 'is to take ourselves out of that wood, or society, from time to time and observe what we see. I feel I've done that of late, and what I see is people rushing here and rushing there, getting this wrong, and getting that wrong, and generally being a hindrance to themselves and others. And by taking myself out for a while I can see that what I viewed as normal yesterday is frightening today.'
The Runaway rubbed his bloodshot eyes and shivered. He wrapped his arms around himself for warmth. Johnny Clarke observed him and was saddened by what he saw.
The youth was perhaps thirteen. He had unruly blonde hair which was thick with grime, making it stand on end. His complexion was sallow and that hungered look issued from him. His arms were like matchsticks and the once smart, thick jumper hung from him in tatters.
'What's your name?' asked Johnny.
The Runaway sighed. He said: 'Name?'
He said it as if the concept was alien; as if part of some distant, almost mythical past. So Johnny said: 'Yes, what's your name?'
The Runaway thought hard about this, but an answer seemed to evade him. Finally he shook his head and said: 'I don't know. It's been so long since I've needed one.'
It took Johnny Clarke many seconds to understand this. And when insight came, a tear developed in his eye. It was as if the eye was baptised by new understanding and a new light glowed in that eye; a light that would glow increasingly brighter over the next few days.
'Where's home?' asked Johnny.
'Here,' answered the Runaway, taking a reluctant arm from around his body and gesturing to the building site around them.
Johnny Clarke looked about him also and saw only desolation.
He saw the inspiration of one man's dream turned to ugliness when the money ran out, leaving the materials of modern life dishevelled, dangerous and daunting. The rubbish, the rubble, the ruination around him reminded him of other men's dreams turned to naught. It reminded him of the unacceptably ambitious dreams that man forces on himself in his desire to succeed; to make things better, but invariably making things worse.
This building site was the crux of man's predicament. It was the ashes of man's fanatical need to succeed; the result, as often as not, being this, the opposite of what was meant.
'But where did you live before you came here?' asked Johnny.
The Runaway scratched his head, then he scratched under his armpit and tossed a flea into the fire. A sharp sizzle filled the night. 'Sometimes with my mom and sometimes with my dad,' he said. 'It depended on what the judge said at the time.'
'So you're from a broken home?' said Johnny.
'Oh, no,' said the Runaway, 'the home wasn't broken; only the people who lived in it.'
He sniffed, and Johnny doubted it was because of the cold. The Runaway continued:
'These posh women called social workers kept seeing me and asking me what I wanted to do when my parents split up. At first I said I wanted to live with my mom, so they told the judge and the judge said: "the child is the most important concern here," and I went to live with my mom. Then when I went to live with my mom, I missed my dad. I told the social worker and the judge said, "the child is the most important concern here," and I went to live with my dad. Then I missed my mom. Eventually I stopped liking my mom and dad 'cos they weren't interested in the judge saying "the child is the most important concern here." All they were interested in was scoring points, using me as bait; and all the judge was interested in was convincing people that he thought "the child is the most important concern here," 'cos if people thought the child was most important they wouldn't argue like that in the first place.'
The Runaway broke down and cried.
Johnny reached over and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
'Johnny,' said the Runaway, ‘why do people hurt each other like they do? Why do people do nasty things?'
'I suppose it's because people have forgotten how to dream,' said Johnny. 'Life has become so complicated, so fast and furious, so intensive, that we no longer have time to think of better things. We no longer have the energy or the inclination to indulge ourselves in fantasy. And because we don't have time for make-believe, we don't let our imagination loose. So they stay inside and twist themselves and screw themselves up into tiny balls and make themselves bitter.'
The Runaway was tired. Everyone was tired. They had talked long. He lay down on his mattress of cardboard and pulled the newspapers on top of him.
'Johnny,' he said. 'You're not like the others. You make me feel happy. Even though I'm very sad, you make me feel happy somewhere inside.'
'Happiness if often mixed up with sadness,' said Johnny. 'When someone wins, someone loses. When someone laughs, someone cries.'
The Runaway yawned and closed his eyes. 'Do you know any stories about happiness and sadness?' he asked.
Johnny Clarke thought hard and said:

(If Only)

Craig laid quietly, a tear in his eye. The antiseptic smell of the hospital filled him and he knew TLC was the order of the day; tender loving care.
He was in his last minutes of life, cancer advancing fast, like some barbarian horde. Only the battleground was his body.
This moment had loomed for many months and he knew he would dread it. Yet now it was here calm befell him. He only had one regret. If only he could have a few more years.
Craig had been a success in life. Born with looks and wit, he did well at school, in lessons and in sports. Cambridge followed, and he cherished his degree as much as his blue. And that chance meeting where he met his wife.
Marriage inevitably came and two years later a daughter was born. She was eight now, and he a promising executive with promotion looming. And then ...
If only he had more time. Time to tell his wife of his love for her. Time to play once more with his daughter. To lift her in the air. To cuddle her. To see her grow, to bloom, to date, to marry ...
But no. His number was due. Time to make room for others yet to be born.
A tear rolled down his cheek as he thought of those yet to come. And more than ever he thought of his wife at that moment. The same hospital, the same floor. But her ward was where things begin, not end.
If only he had more time! To hold his new born son, soon to burst upon life's ways! If only
If only …
If only ...
But it was not to be. And as his last breath expelled, his eyes closed.
Meanwhile, yards away, a boy is born, a knowing look in his eye.

Johnny Clarke had finished his story. Soon he closed his eyes and went to sleep.

Chapter Twenty Six

Daylight came with brutal intensity.
Johnny felt a stinging pain in his side. He opened his eyes and a fierce sun burned into them. He closed them again and another pain issued. Then, through the fog of sleep, he heard a voice.
'Come on, get up,' said the voice, menacingly. Johnny opened his eyes and a black shape blocked out the sun as if some pagan god.
'I said come on. Get up and disappear.'
Johnny concentrated on the shape and it turned into a policeman.
'Leave him alone!' said the Runaway, struggling and kicking wildly in the grip of a second.
This policeman squeezed tight and Johnny saw the pain appear on the boy's face.
'It's alright,' he said to the Runaway. 'It's alright.'
The Runaway stopped kicking and the second policeman laughed as he dropped him, the Runaway landing in a painful heap on the ground.
The first policeman kicked Johnny Clarke again and said: 'Well, get going then.'
Johnny stood up and stretched. He yawned, filling his lungs with life. He felt dirty and ragged after sleeping rough and grime clung to him from the building site. He suddenly realised that the policeman thought him a vagrant too and he laughed to himself.
He checked his watch to see what time it was and was surprised to see that it was nearly eleven o'clock. But the policeman was equally surprised to see a watch. He said: 'Come 'ere. Where did you get that, then?'
He grabbed Johnny's arm and held the watch close to his face. He saw it was expensive and said: 'Did you nick that?'
'I did not,' said Johnny, affronted.
'Oh,' said the policeman, offering a patronizing smile, 'we’ve got one ‘ere.' He gripped Johnny's wrist harder, making him squeal.
'Leave 'im alone,' said the Runaway as he jumped to his feet, ran over, and kicked the policeman on the shin.
'You little prat,' said the policeman, jumping about on one leg, attempting to strike out with one hand, missing, doing a pirouette and falling flat on his face.
'Come on, run!' said the Runaway as he raced off. 
Johnny Clarke half turned, about to apologise to the policeman, but when he saw the expression on the second, he elected for prudence and ran like hell.
The policeman didn't follow. He simply shook his fist and said: 'Don't let me see you round 'ere again.'
Johnny Clarke and the Runaway stopped running about five minutes later. Johnny was short of breath and he bent his body double, taking huge gasps of air. The effort had made him dizzy and as the dizziness faded, he realised how hungry he was. The Runaway sensed his hunger and said: 'Wait here.' Then he ran off.
Johnny looked around him and realised he was in a side street with small shops on each side. He was near a low wall which he sat on. Finding it comfortable after the rough ground he had slept on previously, he watched the city dwellers pass to and fro.
The first thing he noticed was an amazing disparity between two types. First of all, there were the 'few'. The 'few' were better groomed than the 'many' and they wore more expensive clothes. They went into the more expensive shops and placed more expensive goods in more expensive bags. Alternatively, the 'many' were more dishevelled in appearance and went into the more dirty, inexpensive shops. They bought their more inexpensive goods and placed them in their more inexpensive bags, and he thought, the government tell us it is not like this any longer, and because they say this, we do not see how it really is. If only people looked on the streets with the uncluttered open mind, and saw that it was still the same.
 Then he thought to Peter, 'this makes me sad,' and Peter came out of Johnny's right ear and said: 'Does it?'
'Is that the best comment you can make?' said Johnny, rather shocked by the sudden complacency Peter had shown. Then Johnny noticed that Peter didn't seem to shine in his usual effervescent way. 'Are you alright, Peter?' he asked.
'I'm bored,' said Peter. 'Do you know, Johnny,' he said. 'I'm not sure I like the new you. There isn't so much going on inside. You're not puzzling over things like you used to. You're finding answers straight away. And that's no fun for me, you know. I hope I'm not going to be redundant.'
At that, Peter disappeared back into Johnny's head and refused to come out.
The Runaway came back then. He had two big, fat pork pies in his hand. He offered one to Johnny and stuffed the other in his mouth, his jaw working rapidly as his cheeks seemed to puff up like a balloon.
Johnny opened his own mouth to eat the pork pie but some deep, unknown memory stopped him. He stared at the pork pie, unable to eat it. At first he thought it might be guilt, knowing that the Runaway must have stolen it. But a deep knowing told him otherwise. Something about the new Johnny Clarke wouldn't allow him to eat this pork pie. He guessed it was some form of cultural taboo. Then he suddenly thought about his experience of being shot. Why was he saved? What purpose had he yet to fill on Earth? Why did that story invade his mind, beginning the journey he was presently on? Where did the present stories he told so well come from? They were not born out of his dreams. Peter did not manifest to tell them. It was HIM. What transition was he going through? What was happening to him?
Johnny Clarke and the Runaway walked down the street together. They were comfortable in each other's company, and they chatted away merrily. But all the time Johnny was formulating ideas in his mind. He decided that he HAD a purpose to fulfil. He had to help the down-and-outs and he had to help them immediately by affording basic comforts for them. And he had to help them in the long term by offering them hope and a new spirit. He, too, decided to do what those early founding fathers of the God Botherers’ Society had done. But his society would not talk of Paradise following Armageddon, but man's ability to bring it about NOW. And he was in the ideal position to be heard.
Eventually he stopped. Why he stopped, he didn't know. He just did.
Before him was a large, empty warehouse. Nothing seemed to be happening in the warehouse so he went in. It was dry in the warehouse and, he decided, it was big enough to house hundreds for the night.
Johnny Clarke decided that HIS society would be born here.
But what to call them?
He was a newcomer to Birmingham, and that seemed an apt name. He decided they would be called the Newcomers, bringing a message of peace and good will to all men.
Johnny Clarke looked at the Runaway and suddenly thought of himself as a teacher, and the Runaway a disciple. This idea seemed nice and he smiled. And he also realised why he couldn't eat the pork pie any more.
'Stay here,' he said to the Runaway. 'I've got something important to do.'

Chapter Twenty Seven

It hadn't rained for many weeks. Yet this morning a steady shower had dampened the summer. It had stopped now, but still the sky was overcast, leaving a depression on the land.
In a way it was fitting that the sun was vacant and the sky was dark, for it was a sombre occasion.
The small airfield looked bleak and wind swept as the small party stood in silent contemplation. A woman of forty stood to the front of the party dressed in black with a handkerchief in hand ready to wipe away yet more tears. A young man of twenty stood by her, ready to comfort his mother.
A little behind them stood two bearers, one either side of a chrome trolley, and behind them a hearse, the driver sat stiffly behind the wheel. Finally, moving slowly towards the grieving widow was Elias Dahl, owner of the Dahl Funeral Emporium.
Elias Dahl was a giant of a man, standing full six foot three with a heavy body to match. He was dressed in a well-tailored black suit with black tie and black shoes. He always dressed the same, even when not at work.
He had a full face with broad forehead and high cheek bones. His hair was black, bushy and over-long, but kept immaculately clean and tidy. And this daunting appearance was finished by his black, bushy beard which touched his chest.
'It should be along in a minute,' he said to the widow. His voice was deep and sombre. It boomed in imitation of thunder and when he spoke his blazing, black eyes burned into his words. 'It is a sad affair,' he continued, 'to be struck down in this way whilst so young.'
He was referring to the husband; a diplomat who, a few nights before, had been set upon by bandits whilst serving Queen and country in South America. Dahl had dealt with all the arrangements personally.
He had always been fascinated by death. Even as a boy he knew where his future lay. He remembered seeing his grandfather in death, lying in his open coffin, and he had been overcome by the beauty of the lifeless body. In it he saw perfection and a mystical awareness no human mentality could properly understand.
Ever since then he knew his life's work would be in death. It was a passion, and over the years he had perfected the ceremonial side of death. For in death, Elias Dahl found life.
Suddenly a low drone infiltrated the silence and in the distance Elias Dahl saw a speck in the sky. He stared at the speck and by degrees it came closer and sprouted wings. Within seconds it was a plane, coming in to land.
Tyres kissed the tarmac and a fury of spray tailed off behind from the wet runway and Elias Dahl saw, in this scene, the messenger of death as it landed.
Taxiing close to the party a rear door opened and Elias Dahl and bearers solemnly approached. A customs officer was present, but this was a mere formality. He simply counted one coffin and departed whilst Dahl supervised the loading of the coffin onto the trolley. Then the silent procession moved towards the hearse.
The coffin delicately placed within, Elias Dahl turned to the widow and said: 'Until tomorrow morning.'
The widow nodded her head without emotion. The sight of the coffin had been too much, and at times emotion can go off the graph, leaving naught but actions of an automaton. She took one last look and departed.
Elias Dahl sat in the hearse next to the coffin as it drove off. It was a silent journey to the Emporium and when they arrived the coffin was taken into the workshop. Opening it carefully, the lid was pulled back, revealing the corpse.
Dahl smiled in his usual way when confronted with death.
It had been a bloody end, evidenced by the deep lacerations. Carefully the corpse was lifted out and placed on a cold, marble slab. Around the slab were the tools of his trade; the implements by which Elias Dahl turned this destruction into something of beauty. But before he began this transition he picked up a knife and, in one simple sweep, gutted the corpse from groin to throat. There was the usual mish-mash of organs within, but there was also much more.
Yes, Elias Dahl's life was death. But in more ways than one. Carefully he pulled out the plastic packets of cocaine and, with great ceremony, passed them on to his assistant.

Chapter Twenty Eight

Report from the Daily Moon:

JOHNNY CLARKE AND THE NEWCOMERS

Since the opening of the Newcomers Centre in Birmingham two days ago, Johnny Clarke has managed to evade arrest by the police. Remaining inside the centre, a constant human wall of supporters has protected him. Echoing the words of many, one supporter said: 'This is the least we can do. There are over five hundred of us living at the centre now. With Johnny’s guidance we can see our lives in new ways. We understand now that we are not the dregs of the world, but people who can contribute to society in a good way.'
Birmingham City Council is presently trying to evict the Newcomers from the warehouse but have proved unsuccessful. Throughout the last two days contributions have been arriving from well-wishers in the form of food, blankets and other basic essentials. In return Johnny Clarke has begun a program where the supporters go out to help the elderly and search the streets for further recruits. He also plans to begin a production line where the supporters will be making toys for hospitals and children's homes, and blankets to send to the 3rd World. Said another supporter: 'What is happening here is a miracle.'

Johnny Clarke put the paper down and smiled. He was sat on a box in the corner of the warehouse. Activity was going on all around him, but he was sat only with Al Bradman.
'It's fantastic,' said Al, seeing the Centre for the first time. 'What you're doing here is unbelievable. Just look at them. Just a couple of days ago they were vagrants, but now they're clean, warm, fed and happy.'
'And they're doing a worthwhile job,' said Johnny. 'And there are not just vagrants. It's amazing, but I've got prostitutes, battered wives, sexually abused kids and loads and loads of drug addicts. They've wanted to kick the habit all along, but they'd never have gone to the authorities to be patronised, but here, we offer none of that, just help and companionship and a feeling that they're worthy.'
'And how do you feel, Johnny?' asked Al, noticing how tired his friend looked.
'Me? Oh, I'm fine,' said Johnny. But deep down he knew he wasn't. It wasn't tiredness, though. It wasn't even fear of being caught by the police. Johnny Clarke was beyond fear now. His life was ruled only by destiny. But there was sadness about him. Peter was making an appearance less and less. Johnny would summon him, but if he came it was only in a half-hearted manner.
Johnny knew that Peter was dying. Peter may well have felt he was immortal, but he could only exist in the mind of one who believed in him totally. And such a mind could only belong to a child or the naive. And Johnny Clarke was growing up fast. So he had no use of Peter now. The powers Peter had manifested were being transferred to Johnny himself - although he had so far failed to levitate under his own steam.
Perhaps the truth of the matter was that his levitations were the product of Johnny's total faith in Peter's ability to do it; a faith he did not feel strongly enough concerning himself. And all this - his dwindling powers, the fading Peter - had left a hole in his life which no amount of praise, of importance, could replace.
'So what happens now?' asked Al Bradman, breaking Johnny's contemplation.
Johnny brought himself back to reality. 'My crusade must go on,' he said. 'I want you to print the following statement ...

Report from the Daily Moon, next day:

JOHNNY CLARKE DECLARES WAR ON UNCARING SOULS

Johnny Clarke told Mr Bradman yesterday: 'This centre is only the beginning. From this prototype I want people to organise Newcomers Centres in every city in the world. And they must publicise a message. They must pass on the Good News that God wants man to sort out his own problems now. God is not the God of Armageddon. If we all look for him, we can find him now. But God is not personal. He is communal. No man can justify access to him if he doesn't feel deeply about the state of his fellow individuals.
'God is for everybody, and he can only work through everybody. Religious sects do nothing but give succour to the particular members. Okay, if they do no harm to others, and never persecute, then that's fine, but God's goodness is more than that. It is for us all, to share equally. So we must all search our souls and exorcise the belief that we can ignore the badness going on around us. Only in this way can Paradise really be achieved. So fight the urge to say it isn't my problem, and when you see corruptness in society - be it in business, authorities, bullying, or even the evil of drug peddling - speak out and be counted.
'This is my message to mankind. Wake up. GROW up. And be the Godly souls we were all meant to be.'

Where light shone from Johnny Clarke's eyes, only a bottomless pit could be found in those of Elias Dahl's. And as he read the report in the Daily Moon, the pit reached all the way down to Hell.
Elias Dahl was in a foul mood. Already his takings on the street were going down. Several of his pushers had been chased away by the accursed Newcomers, never to darken the night time streets again. Johnny Clarke was becoming bad for business.
He simply had to be stopped. But how?
Certainly he was so well protected that his men could get nowhere near him. No, Elias Dahl had to be far more subtle than his usual thoroughness. Indeed, one element of his thoroughness was presently laid out on his marble slab.
It was an individual of about twenty. As with most of his pushers he was a faceless being. No one could ever describe him; he was simply average. But this pusher had dared to follow the ways of Johnny Clarke. But before he could make it to the Newcomers Centre, this pusher had been caught. And now he lay on Elias Dahl's slab and Dahl had a love affair with death.
He picked up his knife and went to work, and as he worked he thought of Johnny Clarke and his anger reached fever pitch as the knife criss-crossed the body. Although at the beginning it hadn't been a body. But as the screams subsided to silence, it soon was.

Chapter Twenty Nine

The question was: is it right to pass on rumours or should we only deal in truths? Basically, how dangerous could gossip be?
Johnny Clarke was sat on his crate in the warehouse. The Runaway was by his feet and round him sat nearly a hundred souls. He thought a while and said:

(The Message)

I was sat in a pub many years ago when in walked an elderly man called Fred. It was a sunny morning but Bert, noticing the gloomy expression on Fred's face, said: 'What's up with you?'
'It's Alf,' said Fred. 'I've just been talking to Mavis. You know, her that cleans up at the hospital. Alf was taken ill last night. Heart attack. He's dead.'
Bert wore a forlorn expression then. Bert and Alf and Fred had supped together for over fifty years. It was as if a part of him had died.
Stan, the landlord, tried to relieve the gloom by buying everyone a drink. Fred and Bert drained their glasses but it didn't really help. 'I wonder when the funeral will be?' said Bert.
Fred scratched his head. 'Next week I should think.'
Everyone nodded and sat back for some melancholy drinking when, suddenly, the door opened and in walked Alf.
'Alf!' shouted Bert.
'Alf!' exclaimed Fred.
‘Ditto!' retorted Stan.
Alf noticed a definite air of surprise in the pub. 'What's up?' he asked. 'Anyone would think you'd seen a ghost.'
'Mavis said you were dead,' said Bert.
'Charming,' said Alf. 'Just wait ‘til I see her.' Then he laughed. 'That'll teach you to listen to gossip.'
For the next two hours Fred and Alf and Bert decided to celebrate the happy turn of events by getting somewhat drunk. Finally Alf stood up. Offering a burp, he said: 'I'd better be off now. Beryl will be thinking I'm dead or something.’
Laughter followed him out the door. However, seconds later the laughter stopped. Fred and Bert sat bolt upright as, with a screech of tyres, a car outside came to a shuddering halt.
Fred and Bert DID attend the funeral the following week after all.

Johnny's stories were becoming famous throughout the country. He brought out moral themes in a way that were both entertaining and understandable to everyone. In every way he felt he was beginning to shape society in the way he hoped. One intriguing question gave him several minutes of agonizing thought - it concerned beauty and ugliness; did they exist or are they in the mind? Finally, he said:

(Put On a Happy Face)

Herbert Armitage had been the focus of abuse for many years. Funny Face, Horrible Herbert, you name it, the children shouted it, but Herbert didn't mind in the least. To him, his face was handsome.
Could you have called it grotesque?
Undoubtedly. But not to Herbert. In his nineties, nothing could upset Herbert as he lived out his life with his wife, Emily.
Herbert had known Emily most of his life and when manhood arrived all those years ago only one question was on his lips: 'Will you marry me?'
But the answer was always the same. It wasn't that Emily didn't like him, but he was so miserable looking. He was a happy soul at heart, but that huge mole just above his upper lip depressed the mouth so much that Herbert just could not smile. And as such, he outwardly became a misery.
'If only you could smile,' Emily would lament.
Of course, today it would not be a problem, what with surgery being how it is, but before the war Herbert was stuck with it. So Herbert had to live with the mole and self-pity. But soon it was 1939. The war had begun. Herbert was one of the first to join up and found himself as a Spitfire pilot in the RAF. And soon the Battle of Britain was on.
One of the 'Few', Pilot Officer Armitage flew with distinction downing five enemy aircraft in the first week. Mentioned in dispatches, the Distinguished Flying Cross was waiting for him as he climbed into the cockpit for his twentieth sortie.
The initial stages of the patrol went well. Blue skies and green fields. Then, out of the blue they came. Herbert was alone with four Fokkers closing fast. The dog-fight commenced. Within seconds a Fokker trailed smoke.
'That's six,' he said to himself as he twisted and screwed through the air, the hunter seeking prey. But the tables were to be turned that day.
It was on his tail before he could wink an eye. A staccato of fire ripped through the mainframe and the joy-stick went slack. Then a second burst smashed his windshield and his control panel exploded.
Only those who have experienced such burning can imagine the pain. How he managed to jump is a mystery to this day, but jump he did.
Two farmers saw the parachute open and went to aid the limp figure as it touched the ground. He was in a poor state. They did what they could and soon an ambulance arrived. Herbert went off to the specialist burns unit in Cambridgeshire.
Men such as Herbert Armitage are easily recognizable. Plastic surgery was a new concept in those days, but the scars are testament to their bravery. But Herbert's tragedy had a happy ending.
'Will you marry me?' he asked Emily as he lay in hospital. 'Yes,' she replied.
And then, the mole gone, Herbert Armitage smiled.

But while Johnny Clarke fascinated the world with his tales, others were working in the dark to undo all he stood for. Others knew that the success of his mission would mean the end of theirs. And the one man who was most affected by Johnny Clarke at that moment was Elias Dahl.
He searched back into Johnny Clarke's past. He visited the place of his birth and talked to all those who remembered him.
He visited schools he attended and every single place that Johnny Clarke had ever been, and in talking to the people who remembered him, certain factors came to light.
He heard of the strange eccentricities of Johnny Clarke; the periods of almost incoherent rambling as he talked to himself. He spoke to witnesses who heard him having imaginary conversations; to people who considered him as nutty as a fruit cake. And bit by bit the Achilles Heel presented itself. And Elias Dahl remembered reading of his delusions prior to his mission - the voices he heard after being shot. And he also remembered his disappearance. Where had Johnny Clarke been during this period? Could it have been a psychiatric home?
He never found out, but it soon became apparent that it didn't matter. Suddenly Elias Dahl had the tool he needed to destroy this interference in HIS mission, and the tool would be used to great effect.

But Johnny Clarke knew nothing of this. The people were soon turning up by the thousand to hear him. They would crowd into the warehouse and listen. They were of all types and persuasions. Even the odd purple-pelted bishop would attend to wonder if there was any possibility of Johnny Clarke actually being He. But they continued to fight the possibility; it was just too fantastic to comprehend.
The police had stopped trying to arrest him. Now, their only concern was to protect him from the crush as people piled into the warehouse. The local council, realizing the huge increase in local trade, placed a PA system in the warehouse and piped his words into the street outside.
Meanwhile, Elias Dahl had journeyed to London; to the offices of the Daily Herod to be exact. He was about to say a few words of his own. And the next day, everyone knew his thoughts.

Report from the Daily Herod:

JOHNNY CLARKE IS A LOONY. OFFICIAL

Secret sources declared Johnny Clarke to be a deluded lunatic last night. Evidence gathered from researching his past life shows clear evidence of delusions of grandeur and his repeated attempts to communicate with a non- existent friend. Such actions are common in schizophrenia. People of Britain, why do you listen to Johnny the Loony. Are we so naive as to be taken in by an idiot such as he? Isn't it time we woke up to his pathetic rambling?

Al Bradman was furious when he read the Daily Herod. What did they know anyway? He realised what they were trying to do. A typical gutter press ploy. Cause sensation to increase sales. But Al Bradman was totally loyal to Johnny Clarke now. And they were NOT going to destroy the good work Johnny was presently involved in.
He picked up his pen and wrote.

Editorial from the Daily Moon:

THE DAILY HEROD STINKS

People of Britain. Yesterday we witnessed the ramblings of the gutter press. In their need to boost sales they not only degraded mental illness, but launched a vicious attack on the honour of Johnny Clarke. Yet they forget certain things. They forget the miracles that have been observed on several occasions. They forget Johnny Clarke's almost superhuman abilities. Are these the work of a deluded lunatic? No, they are the work of one chosen to carry out God's will.

Editorial from the Daily Herod the next day:

THE DAILY HEROD CHALLENGES JOHNNY CLARKE

The news editor of the Daily Moon has spoken of miraculous happenings in the presence of Johnny Clarke. We hear of him levitating, curing cripples and walking on water. But there have been a significant lack of such miracles of late. Is this indicative of Johnny Clarke being a fraud as well as a lunatic?
If Johnny Clarke is the chosen one, then let him prove it. Come on Johnny, show us a miracle.

'Come on Johnny,' said the crowd in the warehouse. 'Come on, Johnny, prove them wrong.'
The constant chant echoed through the warehouse. Throughout Birmingham and throughout the country the people said: 'Come on Johnny, show us a miracle. Prove them wrong.'
'Come on, Johnny, prove them wrong,' said the Runaway.
Johnny wore a stern expression.
A silence had come to the warehouse and hundreds of eyes stared expectedly. A chill came to Johnny Clarke and for the first time worry showed on his face.
'Come on, Peter,' he thought. 'Don't let me down.'
But Peter didn't answer.
Johnny Clarke's legs felt like jelly as he stood from his crate and walked out to the middle of the crowd. He looked about him. He spotted several purple-pelted bishops in the congregation and he knew they were there as observers. Do a miracle now and he knew his position was safe. But could he?
'I don't need you,' he thought to Peter as he walked. 'I can tell my stories now without you, so I can do miracles without you too.' But he knew the words were empty threats.
He stood in the middle of the warehouse and looked at the roof. It wasn't that far really. Surely he could reach up and touch the roof.
He HAD to.
He took a deep breath and imagined that Peter was holding his ankle; imagined that Peter would raise him on his command. And he gave that command and … nothing …
He tried again and … nothing happened.
Out the corner of his eye he spotted a man with a black beard and a black suit and eyes as black as ebony. Suddenly he thought of a pleasant young man and knew this man was of their kind. And that man was smiling.
But the crowd wasn't smiling. They were just standing there, shoulders beginning to droop, heads beginning to sag. Tramps who, for many days, had walked proud and erect, suddenly shrank to their former stature. Drug addicts who, for days past, had combated their addiction, thought again of the pusher. Prostitutes who for over a week had had no fear of the pimp suddenly realised that their legs would have to open once again.
Who it was that laughed first is lost to history. But it was a momentary act, for a second later the whole warehouse filled with laughter. But it was not happy laughter. It was mocking. And then - first by ones but then by tens and finally by hundreds - the people left.
Johnny Clarke stood alone in a damp and windy warehouse. He stood alone with his memories of better times and with his tears. And in an office in London, Al Bradman again heard a cock crow.

Chapter Thirty

Nathaniel Cunningham was a broken man. The charisma, even the suit, had gone. And as for his disciples, they were nowhere to be seen. Nathaniel Cunningham was without doubt a broken man; and he was also very, very bitter. Just managing to raise bail, his most immediate problem was his trial, which he knew would be a messy one. However, he was determined to face his trial with his revenge satiated.
He sat across the desk from Elias Dahl and said: 'So you see Mr Dahl, it is vital to both of us that Johnny Clarke should die. To me, his evidence of being kidnapped and kept in my mansion could mean the difference between ten years for fraud and twenty five years for conspiracy, kidnap and attempted murder. As for you, Clarke may be down now, but there is no guarantee that he won't make a come-back.'
Elias Dahl scratched his beard. ‘Yes, I can see your point. And I take it you want me to carry out the - er - solution.'
Cunningham raised his hands in mock despair. 'I'd do it myself - ' a theatrical pause ' - but I'm clearly not as professional as you.'
Elias Dahl smiled. He had a fascination with death did Elias Dahl. To him, death was an art form, and here, he knew, was the chance for his masterpiece ...

'Tell Johnny there's someone who wants to help him,' said the stranger.
It was past midnight and the inner city area could have been in any city. Knives would reflect the moon as they cut that night. The youth would space out and OD that night. Prostitutes would be hurt that night.
The Runaway sat by the dustbin, eating a recently regurgitated apple pie from the restaurant close by. He burped and said: 'Who wants to help?'
'Give Johnny Clarke this note.'
The stranger walked off and the Runaway opened the note.
There was no name, but a request to meet Johnny in a cemetery half a mile away in an hour.
The Runaway saw half a fat, juicy steak on the ground. A rat was gnawing at it. He kicked the rat away, picked it up and walked off.
Johnny Clarke was laid in a shop entrance with a copy of The Times spread over him. He wasn't asleep. He doubted if he would ever sleep again. And if he did he knew it would be bleak and empty, with only fears to invade his mind.
As the Runaway came up to him, Johnny Clarke sat up. He looked painfully thin and his eyes had sunk deep into their sockets. His pallor was ashen and his cheekbones stuck out, reminding the Runaway of a skeleton.
'Eat this,' said the Runaway, offering the steak.
'I can't,' said Johnny, his voice naught but a faint whisper. A stomach cramp took him over and he winced in pain.
The Runaway passed him the note. 'Someone wants to help you,' he said.
Johnny Clarke read the note and tossed it into the grate.
A tramp dived at it, thinking it was discarded food. It wasn't, but he ate it anyway.
'I don't want help,' said Johnny.
The Runaway took The Guardian and crawled under it. 'Please yourself,' he said, wishing Johnny would go.
Johnny lay down again. He knew he could leave this life if he wanted. He had plenty of money and a cosy flat, but how we shy away from ridicule. And Johnny Clarke couldn't face ridicule now. Not ever. But memories of previous comfort invaded his mind as he lay there. And as for the note, curiosity is a motivating force.
Who was it who wanted to help? And why?
Eventually the urge won and Johnny Clarke stood up. His clothes in tatters, he walked off to the cemetery.

It was quiet in the cemetery and Johnny Clarke sat on a grave stone, waiting. Clouds flitted across the sky and from time to time the moon was shut out. During these periods a chill came to Johnny Clarke as shadows darted about him, reaching out to touch …
Then a twig snapped.
Men were approaching and Johnny Clarke stood. He watched them come ever closer. There were three of them; dark figures in the night.
They seemed almost ethereal as they approached and Johnny wondered if they were vampires returning from dinner. But as they moved closer he realised they were not. Vampires didn't carry guns.
They surrounded Johnny Clarke as he stood by the grave side. His heart jumped once, and then again. He saw menace in every eye and he groaned in fright.
'Come with us,' said a voice, but Johnny Clarke was pinned to the ground. A gun prodded his back and he urinated.
Johnny Clarke began to shake as he groaned once more and lunacy seemed to take him over as he placed his thumb in his mouth and reverted to a child.
The noise was almost incoherent, but those who heard him would just have made out the words:
'Help me, Peter. I beg you, help me.'
Peter liked children best and suddenly felt comfortable in Johnny Clarke's mind. He shot out of his right ear and surveyed the scene. He thought of what he could do, but as he hadn't manifested in quite a long time, he wanted it to be impressive.
What happened next is beyond scientific explanation.
Whether what happened actually took place, or whether Peter invaded many minds at the same time, we will never know. But the grass moved by Johnny Clarke. Then the earth moved, as if a mole was breaking out of the ground. But it wasn't a mole.
The hand was in an advanced state of decay, with greying bone showing through putrid, pussy skin. The hand clawed at fresh air and then clawed at the ground about it. Then an arm appeared, devoid of muscle or fat.
Worms and other subterranean creatures clung to the arm as a shoulder appeared and then a head, skeletoid and eaten.
A putrid body rose from the ground and stood with hollows for eyes. It clicked ominously as it raised a dripping finger and pointed at the gunmen. It issued a hellish noise as partial lips moved and a worm slid out. The noise was noiseless but heavy with an all pervading intent.
The gunmen dropped their weapons as their hair turned white, as their eyes bulged as if to burst, and the corpse moved forward.
They turned and ran as heart rates raced and death walked loose in the night. And death walked on, following the vermin that invaded good souls.
The last thing Johnny Clarke saw as he ran off was Peter hovering above Death, chasing the men away. And Johnny Clarke ran hard and he ran fast.
Moments later, he hit something hard. He thought it was a wall at first, but soon realised it wasn't.
He thought deeply, trying to sense whether Peter was there, but Peter was momentarily out with new found friends. So he looked up at this obstruction, and stared into the black eyes of Elias Dahl.

Johnny had been away a long time and the Runaway was getting worried. He knew he should have gone with him, but The Guardian was so much more comfortable than the smaller, thinner tabloids. A sense of loneliness took him over as he thought of Johnny Clarke. He had felt this loneliness for a while. He had shared the humiliation, the indignation, which Johnny had felt.
He had felt the isolation of a fallen legend and had aired the disgust which Johnny would not air. But somehow, this loneliness was more ominous, more melancholy, than any loneliness he had felt before.
He stood up decided that he would look for Johnny Clarke.
The Runaway walked into the cemetery ten minutes later. The first sensation that swept over him was of a cold, callous evil in this place. He squinted his eyes to see in the dark and a little away he saw a small construction, similar to a scaffold. But as he approached, he realised it was not a scaffold. It was a cross.
Weak sobs issued from the cross, and if the Runaway had known Elias Dahl, he would have had to admit that as artistry goes, this was, indeed, his masterpiece.
Johnny Clarke hung from the cross, large, rusty nails having pierced his wrists and feet. Mania issued from his eyes as he stared up to heaven, wishing for the tunnel through which he had journeyed so recently. And with every sob he made, the Runaway knew that Johnny Clarke was dying.
'Oh, Johnny,' he said through the tears, 'what have they done?'
Johnny Clarke lowered his head and gazed down to where the pathetic figure of the Runaway stood. Through pained lips he said, 'remember me, my friend. Remember what I tried to do. Remember what it was like for those few days when I was king.'
'Don't leave me, Johnny!' wailed the Runaway. But Johnny Clarke had taken his last breath. Johnny Clarke sagged a little more and died.
The Runaway stared at this enactment of previous times; then, as tears burst forth in torrents, he fell to the ground and cried some more.
A moment later, he felt a presence. It wasn't a malevolent presence, but a presence of love and affection. He opened his eyes and saw ... ?
He wasn't sure what he saw at that moment, but, as Peter entered the Runaway's right ear, he soon would.
Johnny Clarke had taught the Runaway to dream.

Chapter Thirty One

Hi. I'm Al Bradman.
I've just been to a funeral. It was a small affair; only two mourners - this scruffy kid and me. I never asked who the kid was, and he never told me. After the funeral he just left and that was that.
It was Johnny Clarke's funeral, and a part of me has died. I can never look on the world in the same way now. I don't like the world any more. Johnny Clarke liked the world. Even with all its nastiness, Johnny Clarke loved it. And he loved it so much that, eventually, he tried to change it.
But he failed.
And now we're stuck with it!
We call ourselves civilized, but we're not.
Civilization is an illusion we carry about with us all day, sweeping the nasties under the carpet. We can't face the nasties so we deny them, and in denying them we become accessories to their breeding.
We wake up in a morning and look out of our boxes we call home. We eat out of boxes and when we leave our own personal box we get into boxes with wheels. And we drive these boxes with wheels to bigger boxes which we call factories and shops and offices. But they're boxes just the same. We exist in a series of boxes and never think what it's like outside.
Johnny Clarke tried to change all that.
He tried to show us that life is more than ambition, more than greed. He tried to show people that there is a spiritual, aesthetic side to life. He tried to show us that real life is a caring life.
Oh, yes, at first glance we seem to be a caring society.
After all, look at how many charities we have. But charities are only created by a need. True care would exist in a world without charities. Because in a true world everyone would care and there would be no need for them. The society with the most charities is the society which cares the least.
We have a lot of charities.
But Johnny Clarke tried to change all that.
We say we care. We look at the down-and-outs and we say we care. We look at the druggies and we say we care. We look at the Third World and we say we care. But as with global warming, we say we care, but we still spew the crap into the air.
We say we care. We tell our friends we care. We let people believe we care. But we don't.
Johnny Clarke tried to change all that.
We go around glorying in our own self-importance. We judge success by the material things we own. We strive to succeed in our profession, hurrying here and hurrying there, never having enough hours in the day. We never look at the trees, never hear the birds, never look in mystified wonder at the stars at night. We don't even know how to breathe. And those who can't take it day in, day out? They crack and exist on Prozac, or take to the bottle, or sniff the powder, or inject the shit, or maybe they simply cry. But we have no time for them. We class them as failures, as rabble, as unfit to enter our 'civilized' society.
Well Johnny Clarke tried to change all that.
And the laugh is, they - the down-and-outs, the druggies and all the rest - they aren't fit. They're better than us.
They've realised. They've understood the shit we have made of this thing called progress.
And why does it go on? - this hell on Earth. Because in brushing it under the carpet we allow men to rise who will tell us that all is nice and rosy. We like what we hear, so we elect them again and again. We engross ourselves in their trivial manipulations and we allow the politician to shape our world governed by power instead of compassion. And they just won't let things be right; won't let us care. For if there were no problems to solve, there would be no need of politicians to solve them. So they don't solve, they apply cosmetics, waiting for the problem to re-surface come election day so they can see who can con us the best. And yes, we are happy with these janitors of our conscience!
Johnny Clarke tried to change all that.
But he didn't. We wouldn't let him. We're happy with our death wish, with our insatiable need to commit social suicide. We even give ourselves choices.
Johnny Clarke tried to change all that. But he didn't fail us. We failed him. And in failing him, we failed ourselves. For Johnny Clarke is the prick of conscience in us all. So we must live on with our anxieties, our cruelties, our nasties.
We must live on until another Johnny Clarke comes along to help us. Maybe then we'll be ready to listen. But I doubt it.
And what of Al Bradman? Is he going to pass on the message?
Is he going to devote his life like Johnny Clarke did?
No. I've had enough of all this. The cock crows thrice and I leave you to your ways. I'm not strong enough to fight. But as to the answer to it all, I know. And I'm not alone. As I left the funeral I saw the gardener out the corner of my eye, and you could tell from his face that he knew too.

About the Author

1955 (Yorkshire, England) – I am born (Damn! Already been done). ‘Twas the best of times … (Oh well).
I was actually born in the year of Einstein's death, close to Scrooge's Counting House. It doesn't mean anything but it sounds good. As for my education, I left school at 15 and have had no formal education since. Hence, I'm self-taught.
From a family of newsagents, at 18 I did a Dick Whittington and went off to London, only to return to pretend to be Charlie and work in a chocolate factory.
When I was ten I was asked what I wanted to be. I said soldier, writer and Dad. I never thought of it for years – having too much fun, such as a time as lead guitarist in a local rock band – but I served nine years in the RAF, got married and had seven kids. I realised my words had been precognitive when, at age 27, I came down with M.E. – a condition I’ve suffered ever since – and turned my attention to writing.
Indeed, as I realised that no expert could tell me what was wrong with me, I began my quest to find out why. Little did I realise it would last decades and take me through the entire history of knowledge, leaving me with the certainty that our knowledge systems are inadequate.
My non-fiction is based on P-ology, a thought process I devised to work with patterns of knowledge, and designed to be a bedfellow to specialization. A form of Rational Holism, it seeks out areas the specialist may have missed. I work from encyclopaedias and introductory volumes in order to gain a grasp of many subjects and am not an expert in anything, but those patterns keep forming. Hence, I do not deal in truth, but ideas, and cover everything from politics to the paranormal.
When reading my work I ask only: do I make sense? Of course, an expert would say: a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. I agree. And an expert has so little knowledge of everything.
I also write novels and Flash Fiction in all genres. Check out my bookstore for more details.

Connect with Anthony

Smashwords Author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
Anthony's Website: http://anthonynorth.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Anthony-North-184587364887515
For details of more social media, check out my website







