



Lippy Kids

Aden Baker:
Notoriety and Anonymity

By:
Marc Cage



	








A note from the Author

Thank you for checking out this volume from the Lippy Kids Series, which is currently being worked on by yours truly: Marc Cage, the greatest human being on planet earth. 
This volume is very special to me because it is the first novel that I’ve ever written. 
If you enjoy the read, please spread the word among your eBook/book reading nerdy friends and take a moment to leave an online review.
Thanks everybody and don’t forget to smile, live life and laugh frequently!


Disclaimer

Please understand that this novel is entirely fiction. The names, characters, incidents and places are either figments of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously to create an entertaining story. Any resemblance to actual persons, events or locales is entirely coincidental. 



Contents

Prologue
Introduction
The Joyous Inception
Stuck in a void 
Aspirations and Hopelessness 
Manchester: The climax
Era of Reparation/ Oscar’s Final Thoughts
Epilogue
About The Author
Special Thanks


Prologue

Oscar looked over his writing once more after watching the video he had made. He was quite satisfied that it had come out the way he had planned. 
This was the home stretch. All he had to do now was upload this video documentary to YouTube. Once that was done, Oscar wondered if he should check up on his brother and see how he’s doing. The doctor said that Navarro was in remission but who knows?  
Oscar shrugged and opened YouTube’s home page. He clicked on his channel and uploaded the video. Once that was done, he sat back to see if he would get any hits on his new video.
Ten minutes later, he grinned as more and more people watched his video. 
He couldn’t wait to tell Navarro how many hits the video was getting on this already. Generally the videos on Oscar’s YouTube channel never got as many views this rapidly once he uploaded the video. 
He grinned wider and clicked on the video to watch it one last time before going to visit his brother. He thought about what his brother would think of the video. He grinned just imagining what Navarro would say about the video.
“I really hope that he likes the video.” Oscar thought to himself. 
Oscar smiled as he walked outside to his car. He got in and drove to his younger brother’s apartment. He arrived and rode the elevator to the third floor. During the elevator ride, he thought if the video becomes a success, he would plan on taking Navarro out to dinner and a movie. Maybe Oscar might even set him up with someone and they could double date. 
He chuckled as he walked down the hall to reach Navarro’s apartment.
He knocked on the door and heard his brother come to answer it. Navarro smiled as he opened the door, glad to see his brother. “I’m surprised to see you. I wasn’t expecting you until tomorrow.”
“I finished the video and it is uploaded to YouTube. I came over to see your reaction while you watched it.”
Navarro frowned. “I was busy doing something on the computer. Can’t this wait until tomorrow?”
Oscar shook his head. “Sorry bud, I’m afraid that it can’t. It has to be now. I was getting antsy to have you watch it and thought that now would be the perfect opportunity for you.”
Navarro sighed and slowly grinned. “Fine.” He led the way to his office and grabbed a chair for his brother to sit on. He pulled up the YouTube page with their channel. He clicked on the newest video as Oscar sat down beside him and took off his loafers. Navarro grinned. Already he liked the beginning of the video. 














Aden Baker: Notoriety and Anonymity

Writing and Research: Oscar Zurano
Additional Research: Navarro Zurano & Anthony Tibbs













Introduction

On July 6, 2016, a normally withdrawn physically frail young man embarked on a murderous rampage that began with the stabbing deaths of three men in his apartment complex. Then as though following the script to a horror movie, he drove to a sorority house at the University of New Hampshire where he shot five women to death while wounding a sixth. The mentally disturbed man then proceeded to fire shots at two UNH students, a man and woman wounding them both. He then drove to the Breaking Ties deli mart in Manchester, New Hampshire, shooting two men to death and continued on a shooting rampage in his car that also struck multiple people, killing two women. His short life and shorter reign of terror ended with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. 
He left twelve murdered bodies in his wake and 19 more wounded but he also left critical clues to his motives, a 141 page typed manifesto and autobiography detailing his thoughts on women, relationships, and the supposed cruelty of his remarkable and affluent life as well as a handful of YouTube videos, including one chilling send-off filmed just before the massacre took place. 
Predictably, the activists that respond to any national tragedy by pushing their agenda have seized on the moments and the anti-gun, anti-video game and anti-pornography advocates have bellowed louder than before but in this presentation, we are in search of answers as to why this tragedy transpired. Was Aden Baker made into a monster by an American popular culture that glorified guns, sex and violence or was there a specific, personal answer? The clues begin from a line from his manifesto. Describing his behavior in grade school, he said he was deliberately weird to get attention, and said chillingly, “Notoriety is better than complete anonymity”.
Before we jump into the analysis, let’s read the introduction of this manifesto by Aden, the sycophant:
Humankind. The pain that I have experienced on this planet called Earth is all thanks to the human race, most importantly, the female species. Mankind has made me come to the realization how cruel and unpleasant human beings can be as a species. All I ever asked for was to fit in and live a joyous life in the company of humankind. However, I was ostracized and isolated, and forced to deal with the reality of solitude and irrelevance, due to the fact that women were inept in seeing how beautiful and worthy I truly am.
Let us read this story about how I, Aden Oliver Baker came into being. This document tells the tale of my existence. It is a tragic story that is filled with misery, exasperation, and aversion. This is a story of a struggle against cruel unfairness. In this account, I will divulge every single detail about my life, every last importance occurrence that I have extracted from my excellent memory. I will also dive into how those events have shaped my perspective of this society. 
This catastrophe truly did not have to happen. I never wanted things to turn out this way, but mankind has forced my hand, and this account that I will tell will explain why. My existence did not start out grim and warped. Initially, I was just a small happy and joyous child, living my existence to the fullest in this society that I initially thought was good and perfect.
































The Joyous Inception
Born on July 29, 1991 in London and weighing 5.4 pounds, Aden Oliver Baker was the first born child of Jared and Li-Fang Baker. Jared Baker, age 24, was a professional photographer and aspiring film director. Li-Fang, age 27, was a nurse on film sets and as such became a socialite among the likes of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas, the latter of which she dated. Aden gives an uncomfortably, detailed and reverent account of his conception:
My parents had been married for three years before I was conceived. In fact, Mom had been taking contraception to prevent pregnancy. One day, however, she went to visit dad on one of his film sets. She became sick and the meds she was taking for that sickness hampered the reaction of the contraception, and my parent’s sexual intercourse during this time resulted in my birth.
A few months after I was born, I went on my first vacation with my parents. Mom and Dad took me on a boat to Ireland and France. I was now already an adventurer! Obviously, I have no memories of the vacation although my mom mentioned that I cried a lot. 
Around the time I was born, my parents were living in a house in London. After I was born, we moved to the rural area. We lived in a large house made of red bricks in the county of Surrey, with spacious grass fields surrounding it.
This was the place where I would spend the first five years of my childhood. The memories I have during this time are the only memories of true contentment and paradise.
Baker sentimentalizes his early childhood as a time of carefree bliss living an affluent lifestyle in London and traveling the globe to multiple countries. It is here that we begin to see the groundwork for Baker’s world view. His parents were well off and spoiled him. Throughout the manifesto he refers to things he felt “subconsciously” at various points of his life. 
I should note that he is of course using the expression incorrectly, if he is aware of how he is feeling then it isn’t subconscious. Nevertheless, Baker does unwittingly reveal a great deal of his subconscious in the manifesto and it is here that we begin to get a picture of who he truly was and from there, learn what circumstances, thoughts and actions may have led up to his killing spree. 
First and foremost among these revelations is the worshipful almost celestial tone in which Aden talks about his father. Central to his frustration in life was the fact that his father’s directing career focused primarily on commercials and second-unit footage rather than meeting with the greatness which Aden Baker believed his father deserved. Jared Baker’s only feature, the documentary “Embodying the New Age”, was a commercial debacle that would plunge the family into years of debt and financial hardship. 
I had actually seen that documentary with my dad when it came out and Jared Baker gives a considerable and dominating attention to new age mystics. Later Jared will share the same interest in New Age mysticism with his son, with disastrous results. 
Another prominent feature problem of Aden Baker’s early life was his temper tantrums, for example, throwing a fit when he doesn’t get the first slice of cake at his birthday party: 
The birthday that I mostly recall was my 3rd birthday party. Mom and Dad threw a party for me at our home. I had this helicopter cake. I remember one of my friend’s parents serving the first slice of cake and handing the slice to my friend. I recall having a crying fit because I thought I was getting the first slice… After all, it was my birthday. 
These tantrums however, are not isolated occurrences but rather a trend that will continue on all the way into adulthood. 
Then there are the memories that establish his sense of inferiority such as being told to wait below while his parents and family friends adventure to the top of an interesting tower in a castle they visit or being told he is too short for the rides at theme parks. 
One interesting inclusion during this time is occasions where Baker talks about hurting himself when he touches various plants when he is told not to: 
I remember this period of exploration, enthusiasm and merriment. I came into this world and I never thought I would experience the agony that would come to me later on in my life. I reveled in this life in pure euphoria. I recalled goofing off in the meadows and also I went on hikes with my grandma to pick berries. Grandma caution me about touching the stinging nettles that would occasionally blossom in the fields. Of course I didn’t listen and I hurt myself touching them several times.
I should note that this is a briefly mentioned topic but it stood out as curious to me as a poetic piece of foreshadowing, that his curiosity is returned with flashes of pain.
Aden Baker moves to America around the time of his fifth birthday. The Bakers settle in an upscale apartment in Nashua, New Hampshire. Aden becomes upset when he learns that the room he wants is going to his sister Christie. His parents initially enroll him Pine forge elementary school but then move him to another school known as the Farm school at the suggestion of a family friend. It’s here that Aden meets his first bully named Julian, who he calls a:
A disgusting little dickhead who I would always have altercations with. 
Interestingly, he doesn’t say who started the fights. 	
Aden’s first U.S friend was a little girl named Laurine Romeo. He goes into extraordinary detail regarding the parents of his various friends emphasizing how affluent they are. He also describes bathing as a small child with Laurine and saying how it was the only time he saw a girl his own age naked. Considering the context in which he’s framing this, it’s particularly disturbing. He also lays down the ground work for his views on gender relations saying:
When I reminiscence about the occurrences during my companionship with Laurine, I think gloomily of the fact that all children, boys and girls, start out the same. Children start out innocent and start out together. Through the experiences and circumstances of maturing do we lose contact over time, form allegiances, and consider each other as enemies.
This is not a belief he holds continuously through the piece. By the end of it, he is ranting about how all women have something mentally wrong with them and should be herded off into concentration camps. 
During this time, Aden played with Laurine’s other girlfriends without difficulty. Meanwhile, Jared Baker begins directing commercials for what Aden refers to as prestigious companies and the family begins to enjoy considerable affluence. Still, Jared’s career leaves him frequently absent from Aden’s life quote:
A major drawback of all of this was my dad’s absence from my life. Despite this, I always viewed him as a powerful and wealthy man. 
This deific view of his father would define our understanding of Aden Baker.
Aden meets the one friend who will be with him most of his life, Devon Wilson. Various other groups of friends come and go but Devon remains the constant and seemingly only true friend Aden ever has:
One time at recess during school, I witnessed this kid with long blonde hair who enjoyed kicking dust just like me. Prior to meeting him, I always mentally gave him the moniker, “King Arthur Kid”. I called him this due to the princely look his hairstyle gave him. It was only a matter of time before our dust kicking antics would collide with each other. The two of us formed an alliance and started kicking dust together, and this was the beginning of a long and intriguing friendship. This boy’s name was Devon Wilson and he would become my best friend for the next fourteen years. 
Sometimes, we would tag along with Jordan Lemos and some other boys, and play fun games like soccer, outside role playing games, and basketball.
Eventually, I would start hanging out with Devon often. In fact, Devon’s house was a couple streets down from where I lived. Devon’s father’s name was Jeffery and his mother’s name was Jillian. Devon’s mother became one of my mother’s best friends
Throughout his life, Aden highly praises blonde hair as a sign of both beauty and racial purity:
My first mission was getting my parents to dye my hair blonde. I begrudged and admired blonde-haired people; they looked so much more gorgeous then the brunettes. My parents agreed to let me dye my hair, and my dad took me to a hair salon on Mitch Drive in Nashua. Selecting that hair salon was such an idiotic choice because the woman only dyed the upper part of my head blonde. When I bitterly asked why they didn’t dye the entire hair blonde, they said that I was not mature enough for the full bleaching procedure. I was so angry. I thought I looked incredibly retarded with blonde hair on top and black hair on the sides and the back.
His feelings of alienation from other kids do not begin from sexual prowess but rather realizing that he is biracial, half-white and half-Chinese, while the so-called popular kids that he so envies are white. This manifests later in life on his views on love and sex when he begins to feel particular rage towards interracial couples, especially those in which non-white men are able to attract white women while he cannot even get a white woman to look at him much less date him. Aden even attempted to mask his own ethnicity as a child by dyeing his hair blonde. This shows his feelings of inferiority to others.  
The second stage of Aden Baker’s alienation is when the children around him, including the girls, begin to grow taller and he does not. He describes his younger years as ideal because nobody had the unfair advantages (for example, nobody was taller than anybody else):
As soon as Fourth Grade commenced, it fully occurred to me that I was the tiniest child in my classroom. The girls were taller than I was. Many years prior, I seldom thought about this, but at this moment in my life, I became extremely irritated at how all these kids in the class were taller than me and how the taller boys were immediately admired more. This instilled the thoughts of weakness in me, and these feelings eventually grew more resilient as time passed. 
Obviously, these factors are manifestations, not causes of Aden Baker’s deprived mental state. After all, I’ve known a number of men who are 5 feet tall or less and none of them turned into psychotic killers. The same goes for the multiethnic people I’ve known and I would imagine that most people would say the same. We all have physical advantages and disadvantages but most human beings learn how to make themselves work in some way with society at large. That doesn’t mean that we have to become anti-social due to our physical disadvantages. Or better yet, go on killing sprees. 
In the Christmas of his sixth year, Aden Baker received, his first gaming console, a Nintendo 64. It was his father that introduced him to gaming and they bonded over playing videogames. Just prior to his seventh birthday, he becomes aware of tension between his parents. He asks his mother if they are planning to get a divorce and she assures him that they will not. Shortly after his seventh birthday, a divorce actually does happen and he feels betrayed by his mother. Aden marks the divorce as a crucial turning point. Once Li-Fang and Jared have separated, Aden then begins to describe his mother’s quote “kind and loving nature” where he previously only focused on his father and grandmother. 
Aden’s father eventually settles into a home in the Dingy Mountains and begins dating Sikaya Eekaaboo. Aden describes this as his first realization that there is such a thing as a girlfriend. He refers to his father’s “acquisition” of a girlfriend and elaborates on how this makes him view his father as a highly attractive, romantically, viable man. 
In the years following the divorce, we begin to see the fundamental dichotomy that will define his relationship with his parents. You have a mother who showers him with affection and tends to his every need, and on the other hand, a father who is largely absent from his son’s life due to business concerns. Although this is pretty much subjective, I should note that Aden’s father is not the kind of absentee father that is a dead-beat but rather the sort that is devoted to more important matters than raising his son. Ultimately this is not a bad thing; his work afforded Aden the plentiful opportunities that he was too self-absorbed to appreciate. But nevertheless, all of this looks very different to a child. Aden quickly comes to despise Sikaya, who is by his account, is the only disciplinarian in his life. He prefers spending time with his mom who, according to him, makes life pleasant. 
Aden’s mother is able to get him into the red carpet premieres of all the Star Wars prequels and as well as Indiana Jones: Kingdom of the Crystal Skull due to her association with George Lucas and Steven Spielberg. Throughout the years, Aden uses these events as opportunities to impress his classmates but they seldom seem interested. He begins to see Laurine less often and his friend Devon turns him onto Pokémon cards, of which he becomes a hardcore collector. 
Throughout his childhood, Aden would meet various kids that he points out he would later go on to hate for their success with girls. He has friends but usually he just talks about the fun he has with them, not any deep emotional connections. When he plays with groups of friends, he regularly starts becoming jealous and starts crying when the attention shifts away from him. He describes a game he would play with his friend Patrick:
I had a few ugly spats with my friend Patrick during third grade at Dingy Elementary. Due to several squabbles we previously had, I started playing a game with him where he would become my rival at Dingy Elementary. I honestly was just fooling around with him, but Patrick took it way too seriously and this conflict intensified a lot more quickly than I expected. One time, we got into a small confrontation which leads to me punching him in the arm and was sent to the principal’s office. That was the most trouble I ever been in at Dingy Elementary. This little rivalry with Patrick continued until the end of third grade, but afterwards, Patrick and I reconciled and play again as friends in Fourth Grade. 
Once again, Aden is ambiguous at best about who started the fight. 
Aden’s father becomes a successful commercial director and buys a new house which Aden loves. There’s a room near the master bedroom that has a balcony and its own bathroom and Aden throws a fit spanning several days when he finds out he can’t have it: 
We went with a real estate agent and investigated some beautiful houses around Toga Hills. My favorite one was a three-story house on Patuxent Riding Drive, in Toga Hills. Thus house was the most prestigious area of Toga Hills. The house had six bedrooms. My favorite bedroom was this one that had its own bathroom and personal balcony. My father was very eager to buy this house and I was obsessed with getting that bedroom. When I brought it up with dad and Sikaya, they said that the room would likely be Christie’s because it was closer to the master bedroom. They said I would get one of the bedrooms downstairs, which didn’t have a personal bathroom or balcony. I was fuming and threw a crying fit.
Sure enough, dad went ahead with decision to buy the house. I made a big deal about the possibility of not getting that bedroom that I desired, and I kept sulking to dad and Sikaya about. When they finally moved in and the first week of dad at this new home started, I was very anxious.
When we entered, dad and Sikaya surprised me and revealed that they decided to give me the room I wanted. I was elated! I danced and jumped for joy around the house, and then I went all the way to the balcony and looked at the gorgeous view of Toga Hills for an hour. 
Yep, his father gives it to him. This just shows how much his parents spoil him to the point that it will become pathetic later on in his life. 
At this point, he comes to realize that hierarchies exist and there is such a thing as the “cool kids” at his school and blames his parents for not raising him to be a cool kid. Did he ever think to tell his classmates about what his parents do for a living, or what he enjoys doing? No, he does not. Instead, he takes up skateboarding as a way of trying to impress the cool kids and actually has aspirations of becoming a professional skateboarder but gives up when he sees another kid who is better than himself: 
He goes through a similar phase with hacky sacking and for the same reason:
When school commenced after the winter break, I witnessed that all the cool kids had another hobby: Hacky-sacking. The purpose of the game was kicking this tiny bean-sack into the air as many times as you possibly could without it landing on the ground. Mom took me to the store where she got me a hacky sack. When we got home, I practiced intensely. I recalled struggling at first but I spent the next few afternoons concentrating on getting good at it. I would spend a lot of time, hell even into the night practicing in the backyard trying to hone my skills.
As I became more proficient at hacky-sacking, I made a big deal of the fact that I was very interested the sport. I would go up to the group of cool, skater kids and show my hacky-sacking skills. I was playing around with it every single minute I spent outside during school time.
Rather than talk to the cool kids, he simply goes up to the ones playing hacky sack and starts showing them his skills. Already he is looking to get others’ approval of him like his parents do. 
At age 10, he goes on a fifth grade camping trip with his class and when he is told that he will be sleeping in a tent, begs to be put in a cabin and is lodged with older boys who talk about attractive women and look at a magazine of beautiful modeled women. He doesn’t specify if this is pornography or not and says that at the time, he was not yet interested in women but pretended to be so he would seem cool. Trust me; I would have done the same thing if I had ever had a chance to go on a camping trip when I was his age.
At age 11, Aden enrolls at Oakwood Middle School. The girls are generally pleasant with him and speak to him in passing, mostly older seventh or eighth grade girls. Nevertheless, he feels contempt for the boys they choose to give their affection to. He begins to realize that girls give their affection to jerks, not gentlemen. He even takes dance classes and finds that girls enjoy dancing with him. He claims that this is his only enjoyable time that he’s ever had with girls but he said that with Laurine already as well. Devon Wilson’s mother dies of breast cancer. Aden is outwardly distraught over this, while Devon handles her death rather graciously. This might seem irrelevant but it wasn’t even Aden’s mother. Why would he have those kinds of feelings for another person’s mother unless said mother treated him better than his own mother? I found that to be strange. 
Due to a change in child support, Aden’s mother moves to a smaller home and a friend teases him of having a poor house and this gets Aden more teasing in school. This could be one factor as to why he went on a killing spree later on. At age 12, he starts using the internet and socializing on internet chat rooms. At this time, there weren’t any parental controls on the computer to keep out the pedophiles from talking to young children. After a time, this is when he is first exposed to pornography when he is randomly sent images of nude women:
One buddy who I met through an online chat room sent me photos of beautiful nude girls, telling me to take a look. When I looked at the photos, I was stunned. I had never looked at beautiful nude girls, and the sight filled me with robust and overpowering feelings. I didn’t what was going on with me. Was the first indication of sexual desire in my body? My childhood was beginning to decay. Ominous fear was sweeping over me, and I stopped having conversations with that person.
It’s understandable that a young boy would have mixed feelings about seeing a woman nude for the first time but I was genuinely intrigued that he found it so universally appalling. I personally could recall appreciating the female form at the age of eight and I know I saw female nudity on HBO for the first time around the age of ten. It only struck me as a totally positive thing. Sure there was that moment where my heart raced and my face got hot but that was mostly excitement. It’s utterly bizarre that Aden was so consistently terrified and offended by the female form. Although Aden was in and out of therapy his whole life, he seems to have kept his sexual preferences extremely hidden and by his own admission, he kept his plans for the massacre expressly hidden from his therapist.
At this point, Aden got into Xbox and Halo, stepping up his interest in video games. It’s curious to note that in the course of the manifesto, he frequently diverts into descriptions of his experiences with video games that seem to depart completely from the realm of the sad bitter reflection and become devoted to gamer fandom. It’s remarkable that even in the dark final stages of his life in which he wrote this document he still gets lost in the joys of gamer culture remembering tiny details like the limited addition flavor of mountain dew that was created as a Halo product tie-in.
At camp, he experiences what he describes as a “horrible traumatic event”. He bumps into a pretty girl. She turns around and cusses at him and pushes him back. This ridiculously unimportant event that most people that would likely forget seconds after it happened instead leaves Aden so traumatized that he sits in his cabin crying for extended periods. Predictably, he keeps his eye on the girl and is hateful when she gives her attention to someone he doesn’t like. 
By seventh grade, Aden has become extremely judgmental of the people around him, even if they had nothing to do with him. For example, of one student he says:
I always considered Jacky Bibbo as an obnoxious, rude lout. His face was very grotesque too and it irritated me that he was behaving as if he wasn’t some ugly freckled chubby-faced faggot.
With this cold scornful tone for most of the people he knows combined with the ambiguous placement of responsibility for fights he was involved in, it’s difficult to accept Aden’s premise that he was bullied. He was generally ignored for the most part it seems and his cynical view comes from a lack of attention and exaltation, rather than any outward animosity from others.
In his 13th year, he talks about seeing hardcore pornography for the first time at a cyber café. What he says about it sounds absolutely pathetic.
He says:
One time while I was alone at the Funplanet cyber café, I saw an older teen boy watching pornography. I saw a video of a man having sex with a hot blonde girl. The video showed the man sticking his penis inside this blonde girl’s vagina. I knew very little about sexual intercourse during this time period. In fact, I barely even knew what sex was. I was slowly starting to develop these sexual feelings for sexy girls, but I didn’t know what to do with them. Seeing this video was really mortifying. I had no idea what I was witnessing. I could not fathom humans doing such vile activities to each other. The sight was shocking, mortifying and arousing. All of these feelings combined took a great toll on me. When I got home, I cried in my room. I felt too guilty about what I saw to talk to my parents about it. I was rather shaken up about it for a few days.
This was the very first glimpse that I had of sex. Discovering sex is one of the things that absolutely ruined my entire life. The word “sex” fills me with hate. Once I hit puberty, I fantasized about it frequently, like every other boy. Every day, I hungered for it, every day I always lusted after it, and every day I always fantasized about it. But I would never obtain it. Not being able to get any sex is what will shape the groundwork of my horrible youth.
Pretty soon, I would find out what sex was, whether I saw that disgusting video or not. There were boys in my class at school who always talked about it everyday. This kid Lucas Spencer and his friend Cory Beaker told me exactly what happens when a man and woman engage in sexual intercourse. Finding out about this thing called sex was just the beginning of my downward spiral. 
From the very beginning, Aden seems to have viewed sexual desire as some sort of affliction. Before he hit puberty, he was already wanting attention from girls and not receiving it and being angry at the guys they chose. For this reason, it’s difficult to conclude that the onset of puberty or exposure to sexually explicit materials could have had a motive power in what happened.
It was in his 13th year that Aden Baker discovered World of Warcraft and with his dad’s help set up a character. The game would come to dominate an increasingly significant amount of his time, to the point that it would become his only activity. Props to Sikaya for reducing the time he spends on the game.
Aden Baker started getting teased by girls in school, naming one Juliana Kimber as outstanding among them:
I was known as “the creepy boy” at Oakwood, and kids started teasing me but I didn’t care. I had my video games to distract me from the cruelty of life that I was too fearful to face. The only time I did care was when a assembly of widely known seventh grade girls started making fun of me, which really got to me. One of these girls was Juliana Kimber, a pretty blonde girl. She must have thought I was an ultimate loser. I hated that cunt so much. I will never forget her. I began to despise all girls because of this. I view these girls as nasty, atrocious, and cold-blooded witches that took pleasure from my suffering.
The teasing was terrible. It felt absolutely awful to be made fun of and bullied. I endured a lot of agony and anger. I will say I did get a kick out of getting so much attention. It felt pretty awesome to have the confidence to pick fights with the popular skater kids. It was either that or continued being overlooked by everyone like I was in sixth and seventh grade. I never gained positive attention, only negative.
My time in Middle School really made me see the world in a much darker way. It would only get bleaker from then on, as I was suffering more and more. The way I was treated these girls at this time, especially by that evil bitch Juliana, made me terrified of girls. The irony of all this is that I had a crush on Juliana. Juliana was actually the first chick I had a crush on and I never told anybody about that. To be teased and ridiculed by the girl I had a crush was rather horrible.
I had read an article on Examiner.com on the matter which casts further doubt on Aden’s account pointing that Juliana Kimber was only ten years old at the time. Additionally, Baker has expressed hatred towards Juliana’s brother Owen for being popular but their father reports that he wasn’t overly popular in school. Aden does admit in his writing that he had a crush on Juliana and this likely contributed to his delusions.
Stuck in a void 
Periodically Aden would have to go to Morocco with Sikaya for extended periods and this was always met with tantrums throughout the increasingly pathetic manifesto that he resents Sikaya for her strict nature and the fact that she does things like limit the amount of time he can play World of Warcraft. While in Morocco, another boy shows him pornography. He says:
When I had a sleepover with Aidan at Sikaya’s father’s place, he showed me some pornography in the middle of the night. I did my best to not, but I couldn’t help it. To see a video of humans doing such weird and appalling things was very disturbing. I couldn’t understand what I was witnessing. And yet, I was feeling aroused. I felt the desire to do those things, to have sex with the nude woman in the video. The feeling was kind of funny. it overwhelmed my entire body. I felt my penis getting hard. This was when I noticed I was finally going through puberty. My lord, save me! 
It is here that we see Aden again dealing with sex almost in a manner of total abomination. It’s reasonable again that a boy his age would have mixed views about sex but while his peers are expressing widespread excitement of the idea of having sex, Aden regards it with considerable trepidation. I don’t think the excitement the other boys expressed was bravado either.
I can remember being fourteen and sex was never something that seemed at all repulsive to me nor was it so off-putting to my peers. Since the massacre, speculation has run rampant on the internet including the idea that Aden was closeted homosexual or a pedophile. The ultimate truth of Aden’s psyche is splattered all over a car in Manchester, New Hampshire but what is clear is that there is something fundamental to Aden that differentiates his feelings on sex.
Despite claiming to want nothing more than to lose his virginity, one is left to speculate what that would have been like. Would he have been disgusted by a nude women and the act of penetrating her as he was repulsed by pornography, we’ll probably never know. Ultimately, Aden’s manifesto leaves the reader with the impression that his desire for love and sex precedes from a pre-existing desire for attention and social validation. 
Further of note is that Aden Baker begs his parents to put him in an All-boys school so that he won’t have to deal with girls and his parents go along with it. For all his proclamations, Aden is terrified of being anywhere near the female of the species. Is he still stuck in the stage where he thinks females have the so-called cooties? 
Aden cried in the car on his first day of high school. He didn’t make any friends because of “brutality of the world”, though a cursory reading reveals as usual, he was immediately filled with contempt for everyone else at school from the get-go. It is not long before Aden is being teased by twelfth graders and getting food thrown at him at lunch. Additionally, he talks about kids stealing things from him, laughing at him as he tries to get it back. Aden’s lack of self-awareness is stunning. At no point does he stop and consider that maybe this universal disdain is the result of him being an obnoxious prick.
He discovers masturbation and feels guilty when he does it: 
During the middle of my winter break, I experienced the sexual pleasures of masturbation and ejaculation. This had to be one of the most unusual and memorable experiences of my life. During this time, I was going through puberty, and I was having a lot of these peculiar sexual urges. There were times where I was dreaming about hot nude women while I was massaging my penis against my mattress. In fact, there was another time where I was experiencing this intense stirring numbness all around my fully erect penis. This feeling of intense stirring numbness extended all over my body. The feeling was absolutely fascinating and delirious, and I continued massaging my penis on the mattress. The orgasm was the most fulfilling part about all of this. 
I was in awe at how much enjoyment I was feeling from all of this. As I was examining my penis, I noticed the semen was ejecting all over it. It looked like this volcanic eruption of white, sticky fluid. I had no idea what was going. What the fuck going on with me? This feeling was like nothing I had ever witnessed or even felt before. This was something that was completely out of my world. I had a feeling of guilt afterwards. I refused to tell anyone about these sexual feelings.
Eventually I got to the point where I was masturbating regularly. Initially, I was massaging my penis on the mattress but then things got even more intense. It escalated to me looking at sexy pictures of beautiful gorgeous women on the internet while rubbing my penis against my pants. I kept imagining doing those sexual acts with those women. I wasn't too sure know how to get access to porn sites, so I just browsed regular websites until I found photos of beautiful nude blondes to masturbate to.
This was the start of my horrific downfall. Going through the stages of puberty utterly cursed my existence. My starvation for sex condemned me to live a life of agony and disappointment. At this young age, I was feeling so depressed because I was craving for sex but I was always feeling unworthy of it. I truly thought I wasn't ever going to experience the act of sex in my life. I was correct because I never was able to. Yes, to this day, I’ve never experienced having sex with women. I was truly interested in having sex with girls but there was no way I would every get that chance.
Curiously he doesn’t seem to develop much of an interest in pornography. He says at one point that he doesn’t know how to access porn websites, and settles for just finding pictures of hot girls. That’s not necessarily true; all he would have to do is search for words that might be used on the website. Later he gets caught looking at so-called hot girls on his laptop and lies to his mother that he found them by accident. 
This lack of any real interest in porn is curious. He was fourteen in 2005 meaning that internet porn was already in full bloom and according to psycho Anti-porn advocates such as Zachary Teeters, he would have been able to find an endless supply of degrading body-punishing pornography simply by typing the word “porn” in Google. 
Predictably Aden’s views on sex and relationships continued to spiral downhill and he believes that he will never be worthy of it. He takes to hiding and crying in school every day and recalls one incident that was supposed to be a special traumatic experience saying:
The last day of my freshman high school year was the absolute worst. During P.E. at the gym, this insufferable classmate named Tyler kept bragging about having sex with his girlfriend. I boldly told the kid that I doubt that happened, so he played a voice recording of what sounded like him and his girlfriend having sexual intercourse. In the recording, I heard a girl saying his name repeatedly while she panted desperately. Tyler gave me this evil smirk. I felt so inferior to him, and I despised him so much. Immediately after that, I was called to the office. When I got there, my mom was waiting for me to take me home. I was sobbing as I told her about what happened earlier at school. That was the last time I ever set foot in Joycelyn High School.
By this point in the reading, I was truly perplexed. Did his mother not think that there was something odd about a teenage boy who cries when he hears people having sex? Did she ever talk to him about his feelings? I guess not. His parents’ reaction to his latest crying fit was to take him out of that school and put him in another, this one was a co-ed school called Heritage. 
Of the experience, he says:
I was totally and all by my lonesome self. I was a scared fragile little boy trapped in a cage full of malevolent animals, and I was shown no mercy. There were boys who randomly pushed me into the lockers. There was one tall muscular guy who had blonde hair and he called me a “faggot”, right in front of the girls. That’s right, the guy had pretty girls with him and they didn’t seem to mind that he was such a dickhead. Well that is how women are and I was starting to recognize this. At this point, I truly started to see how horrible the world is. The most vicious and disgusting of men come out on top, and the women are attracted to these men. These men’s evil acts are rewarded by women; while the good, decent men are looked down upon. It is disgusting, twisted and wrong in every way. The absolute cruelty of the world around me was incredibly intense that I will never be able to recover from the suffering I endured. Any experience I ever had before never traumatized me as much as this event.
This is where things get completely bizarre, as if they weren’t already. Being pushed into your locker by popular dudes in school as they walked by with their girlfriends has got to be one of the most common cliché bullying moves known to man. When I was around his age, I got beaten unconscious by a bully and when I came to my senses, I could see out of only one eye, and that’s just one example. Being called a “loser” and pushed against a locker, that’s a mild annoyance compared to what I’ve been witnessed to and victim of and there’s probably millions of people in this country alone that have had worse. 
It almost starts to sound like Aden wanted to be a victim of bullying and inflated his perception of these rather mundane slights for that purpose. As we will see, he turns into pretty much the bully himself and when he finally does actually get his ass beat, he regards it as the tipping point at which he knows he must kill. Aden’s time at this current school ends predictably:
I couldn’t do it any longer! I broke down and I was crying in front of my mother, pleading with her not to make me go to that terrible place. I was so petrified that I felt physically ill. I continued sobbing in the car on the way there and mom gave in. I didn’t go to school. Instead, we went to a café in Nashua where we had a huge conversation. I tried to explain how much suffering I was experiencing at that school. Mom just couldn’t take me to school after that. Once we were finished with Gifford’s, mom drove me to dad’s house and told him what happened. They agreed take me out of heritage. 
Once again, Aden’s mother gives in because her now fifteen-year-old son breaks down and sobs and yet again, rather than teach their son to confront his problems, they enroll him in another school, this one, a homeschool where he goes for a few hours a day and then the rest is done at home. Unsurprisingly, he hates nearly all of the kids there the moment he arrives, and regards them as “brutes” and “slobs”. Furthermore, he has to suffer the humiliation of riding the bus. That’s right, the bus, in case there was still any doubt in your mind that this was perhaps the world’s most spoiled and stuck-up of serial killers. 
Around this time, his father begins to work on, “Embodying the New Age”, which eventually ruins him financially. When that eventually happens, Aden expresses no concern for his father but instead disdain that his father is putting him through all of this. Of course in reality, it doesn’t affect his affluent lifestyle that much at all. It is only his father that has to deal with that shit which could have ended his career. 
Aden saves his little brother Gavin from drowning at a pool party and it’s one of the few kind gestures he describes himself doing for another person.
Ominously, Aden seems to take a dark pleasure in knowing that everything his brother experiences from that point on is the result of what he did that day. It gives him a hero complex which doesn’t last like a lot of things he did.
By sixteen, Aden is still referring to the occasions he gets together with friends as “play-dates”. He’s afraid to drive and doesn’t even start learning, saying that driving is something that adults do and he still feels like a child. He gives no thought to his future and lives for playing World of Warcraft and nothing else. At family get-togethers he believes that the other boys are getting on better with the girls and starts having a crying fit in front of them. The kid is sixteen and he just acts like he is six because he is jealous of those evil, horrific good looking dudes getting the girls.
During this time, his father takes in an older exchange student from France named Adrian, the son of a wealthy European hotel magnate: 
I met an exchange student from France. He moved into dad’s house. His name was Adrian Yonders, a twenty year old Black French-American guy. Adrian’s parents are rich hotel owners, and he would be staying with us for a few months while he studied English at UNH. I soon developed a good friendship with him. We would play cards after dinner. At times, Adrian would even sneak me a beer. I was very happy to have someone to talk to and interact with. I became fond of Adrian. 
It’s interesting here that this is one of the few people Aden seems to have an actual connection with, an actual friendship with. They sit up playing cards and drinking beer and Aden remarks that he actually feels normal and comfortable around Adrian. Adrian even goes so far as to invite Aden to come visit him in France. He meets all of Adrian’s friends and they go out drinking and partying over town, then Adrian introduces Aden to a number of the women he slept with and Aden immediately withdraws into himself and starts brooding wondering why it can’t be him getting to have sex with all of these beautiful women.
At this point in the reading, I was truly flabbergasted. Why doesn’t he ask Adrian to try and help him get laid? Here he is in France with the son of a wealthy hotel tycoon who is introducing him to the stable of beautiful women and the thought apparently never crosses his mind to ask! He just gets lost in contempt for Adrian. How self-absorbed do you have to be when someone flies you across the globe to party with them then introduces you to a bunch of beautiful women and you get filled with contempt? At best, Aden concludes that he has a grudging respect for Adrian. As I was reading this, I immediately thought to myself “Yeah, fuck you too kid”.
The answer to why he never asks Adrian to help him get laid may possibly be contained in a later event where his parents set him up with two life coaches: one, a man he hates because the guy is popular with women and another a beautiful blonde woman just a year or so older than Aden himself. He says he actually does enjoy talking to her but can’t get over the fact that she’s just being paid to be nice and remarks that this is why he would not go to a prostitute because it’s not a woman who has genuine interest in him. Perhaps he saw Adrian’s girls in pretty much the same light or it just never occurred to him. I would have asked especially if the girls would have been willing to show me the time of my life.
From here, his manifesto descends into lengthy and repetitive diatribes about women as the enemy and sex is something that he is being cruelly denied He begins developing an interest in fascism and longs for a world where he has the power to control everyone and deny them sex the same way he’s been cruelly denied.
This is very telling. Aden’s not interested in a world where he is in charge so that he can force women to have sex with him. He’s interested in a world where he can make everyone else suffer as he thinks he’s suffered. His interest isn’t in sex; it’s in throwing a big huge temper tantrum and making everybody else feel sorry for him. Well he accomplished one of those two things. 
Aden has to spend the summer in Morocco with his stepmother. Oh, the fucking horror. 
So after a few weeks there, he gets on the phone crying to mommy and she comes and gets him. He also gets to a point where he cannot be around young couples without breaking down and crying. 
Finally, around age seventeen, he decides he wants to make his life better so he gets a nice haircut and goes shopping for new clothes. This, and he eventually gets his driver’s license, are the only things he does to better himself. He applies all of this by sitting around in various places waiting for girls to come up and talk to him. They never do and he always starts crying at seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, and twenty- two, on and on, page after page of this crap.
Aspirations and Hopelessness 
Aden Baker enrolls at the University of New Hampshire (UNH) at age 18, takes exactly one class and drops because there are no girls that will talk to him and he’s having trouble making friends. I’ll read a few passages leading to him dropping out: 
Remember he still isn’t making an attempt to go up and talk to them. He seems to think that he’s supposed to just sit there and have girls come up to him if he’s dressed nicely enough. Honestly if I saw somebody sitting by themselves in a public area dressed nicely I would’ve assumed they were waiting for their date and to not bother them.  
At one point, a gang of thugs start throwing eggs at him from a car and he throws one back. They get out of the car to fight him and they flee when he pulls out a knife.
This is the first time we see him take up for himself. He starts weightlifting but doesn’t go into much detail about the progress he makes. His dad finally teaches him how to drive. I kept thinking that now he can be even creepier and become a stalker which he could have possibly become.
He sees Laurine Romeo again several times as an adult and he becomes angry because she is now a hot blonde girl, the very thing he despises, and he now considers her an enemy. Honestly, he should have told her what he feels about her becoming hot or he should have just fucked her so that we could have avoided the whole killing spree thing.
He reads extensively on fascism and dresses very conservatively. He becomes angry at his mother when she tells him that she has to get a job. He asks one of his life coaches to help him find a job and he gets one:
After asking Stephen, my social skills counsel, if could get a job through the regional center, he called me back and told me that there was a job available for me. I didn’t know too much about it, but I decided to sign up for it to see what it was all about.
Then he is thunderstruck to get there to realize it’s a janitorial job at an airport:
To my horror and embarrassment, the job turned out to be a janitorial job at an airport, and I had to clean the offices and, even worse, the bathrooms. There was not a chance in hell that I would lower myself to that level of embarrassment. I felt like utter shit for even considering working at that abomination of a place. I only worked for a few hours while I thought about how to handle this foul situation. The next day, I called to announce that I quit. That was the second and last job I would ever have. 
He writes about the event as if it’s some dreadful event that we, the reader, are expected to understand. He walks off the job after only a few hours. And all because he thought that it would be a good job. 
As someone who’s worked a few jobs and I know, many people whose experiences were similar, when you first get a job, yes the job is bound to be an undesirable one but you have to bear through it before working your way to a higher paying one.
He enrolls himself at River Valley Community College, same song and dance as the last college. He can’t be anywhere including classrooms that have young couples in them because he’ll start crying and he can’t be near attractive women because they won’t come to talk to him and that will make him start crying. Yep, this is the world’s biggest crybaby. Even toddlers and infants are more mature.
He thinks that writing a successful screenplay might help him get laid but then reads on the internet how hard it is to be successful screenplay writer and gives up. 
Wait a minute! His father is a Hollywood director, his mother is close personal friends with George Lucas and Steven Spielberg and he thinks he’s going to have the same hard time that everybody else has selling a screenplay? It doesn’t seem like this guy is very smart common sense wise. 
A story that was passed down ad-nauseam on my father’s side of the family as a parable to discourage laziness tells of a man who is so lazy that he barely moves and expects people to do things that he could easily do himself. My brother Navarro and I heard this story way too many times to count. The town’s folk grow weary of having to feed him by hand and they decide to have him buried alive hoping that that will get him moving. They load him into a horse-drawn wagon that carries him to the grave and in passing, a corn farmer runs up and says, “Wait, sir I have some corn here! You can eat it and they won’t bury you.” The lazy man looks at the farmer and says, “Is the corn shucked?” and the farmer says no. So the lazy man looks to the driver of the horse that pulls the wagon and says, “Drive on”. 
This pretty much summarizes Aden Baker to a tee. It doesn’t really matter how many advantages you have in life if you don’t take advantage of them. He lacked any concept of driver ambition and literally expected everything, even the outer reaches of success to be bestowed upon him hence his later belief that winning the lottery was the only way that he would ever attain happiness and success. 
At this point in the story, it’s literally just the same thing over and over again. One exception is when he went down the beach one day and a pretty girl smiles at him:  
I went for several walks on the beach during the daytime. The beach was always so quiet, since the only people who visited were those who lived in homes on the beach. This was a major opportunity for me. I’ve always considered the beaches to be absolutely gorgeous, but I could never go to public beaches because they contained many young couples walking around in their bathing suits. Seeing that fills me with jealous rage. On the private beach, I enjoyed the serenity of the environment without having to worry about young couples making me envious. This beach had almost zero young couples. There were only family get-togethers and several elderly couples here and there. I saw this young girl and she was absolutely stunning.
The girl was walking all by herself in her bikini with her succulent blonde hair that blew in the wind. I admired her beauty as we passed each other. I was nervous. I was so nervous that she might look at me as nothing but a useless insect whose presence ruins her atmosphere. Her beauty was so intoxicating! And then as we passed each other, she looked me and gave me a huge smile. Most girls never even bothered to look at me but this one did and she smiled! I had never felt so euphoric in my life. One smile. One smile was all it took to brighten my day. The capacity that beautiful women have is truly astounding. They can turn a desperate boy’s whole world around just by smiling right at them.
Ok so there was beautiful blonde that smiled at him. That makes him happy. Does he say anything to her? No, of course not, he just walks on without taking advantage of the moment. He literally won’t do a single goddamn thing to actually meet women. It’s all just standing around and hoping that some girl will eventually fuck him at some point. It never works that way and never will if he doesn’t take any initiative to go and talk to her.    
Aden’s father tries to help by giving him a copy of “The Secret”. Predictably it just reinforces the belief that if he just sits around and thinks the right thoughts then everything will work out right. Eventually, he becomes so invested in “The Secret” that he starts trying to use it to win the lottery, convinced that winning the lottery is the only thing that will ever make girls want to have sex with him. He loses thousands of dollars doing this and doesn’t get why it isn’t working. 
His parents send him to school in Manchester New Hampshire and his mom sets him up in a nice condo. Of course he thinks she’s doing it to get rid of him. She should have set him up across the other side of the world in my opinion. Here he ends the section of the manifesto saying:
And so ends another stage of my exciting and grievous life.
And in the classic words of Inigo Montoya from the Princess Bride, “You keep using that word, I do not think it means what you think it means”. 











Manchester: The climax
Once he’s in Manchester, Aden is traumatized by hearing people upstairs having sex. Then his racism surfaces when a black student tells him that he lost his virginity at thirteen to a blonde girl:
The first week living in this apartment was awful, leaving a terrible first impression of my new life in Manchester. The two housemates I lived with were cool, but they kept inviting this guy named Dream. This kid was black and he came over to the apartment all the time, and I hated his brash demeanor. Sure enough, an intense argument occurred between me and him. I heard him in the kitchen when he came over and started boasting to my roommates about his accomplishments with women. I was getting so irritated. I couldn’t stand it, so I vehemently asked all of them if they were virgins. They all looked at me awkwardly and said that they lost their virginity years ago. I felt so lesser to him, as it reminded me of how much I have missed out in life. And this black guy named Dream said he lost his virginity when he was only thirteen! To make matters worse, he said he lost his virginity to a blonde white girl!
Being the piece of lonesome shit that he is, Aden childishly throws orange juice in the guy’s face, runs to his room to cry. He says:
How could this lower-than-dirt, disgusting black filth be able to get a white girl and I can’t? I am magnificent, and I am half white myself. I come from British aristocracy. This guy is descended from slaves. I am worthy of it more. I did my best to not let his filthy words get to me but he said them already and I had trouble erasing them from my mind. If this was true that this vile black filth was able to have sexual intercourse with a vivacious Caucasian woman at thirteen while I’ve been a virgin my whole life, then this proves how mentally retarded the female gender is. These women would give themselves to this grubby but the reject ME? The injustice! Where do they get off doing this? Do they see it as one big joke?
He continues:
There is something mentally wrong with women. The mind of the woman is extremely flawed and at this point in my life I was beginning to notice it. The more I explored Manchester, the more buffoonery I witnessed. All of these vivacious hot girls walked around holding hands with these outrageous, imbecilic meat-head men who partied every day. These women should be going for intelligent beautiful men like me. Women are sexually attracted to the wrong type of guy. This is a major flaw in the foundation of mankind. It is completely not the way it should be. As I was starting to learn the truth about mankind, I became deeply disturbed by men and women. I was deeply disturbed, offended and traumatized. 

Then he offers this little treat:
Dad came up to Manchester for visit several days later. We went to have lunch at a restaurant in the Pocoboco Marketplace, an area that I often ate at. As we were sitting down at our table, I noticed this young couple. Seeing this absolutely enraged me! I saw a brown-skinned Mexican guy dating a sexy blonde woman. How could a low-class Mexican man be able to date a white woman, while I sit here, a lonely virgin? 
I was so embarrassed being in such a lower position in front of my dad.  As soon as I saw the couple kissing, I started to become enraged. I stood up in anger. I was just about to walk up to them and splash my soda right in their faces. I probably would have done it if dad was not there. I was so enraged and my dad saw all of this. It was incredibly embarrassing. I wasn’t the man that I wanted to show my dad. It should be me with the sexy white woman making my father honored to have me as his true son. Instead, dad watched me suffer in this embarrassing position. Life is so horrible to me. When I said goodbye to my father, before he drove home, I felt absolutely shitty. I went to my apartment and sulked for hours.
Hold up! There’s more:
Another traumatic event occurred on the next day. I went to the Starbucks at the Pocoboco Marketplace by myself, the typical morning routine for me. After I placed my order for coffee, I took a seat and relaxed for a bit. As soon as I picked up my drink, I saw this young couple who were standing in the line. The two of them were kissing intensely. This guy looked like such a scumbag; he looked like he was 6’1 and the guy was wearing saggy khakis. The woman he was with was a gorgeous blonde! These two were passionately kissing each other. They were rubbing their bodies together and they were sloppily kissing each other in front of everybody. I was absolutely outraged with envious hatred. 
I proceeded to follow the couple to their car once the exited Starbucks. I threw my coffee right on them! The boy shouted obscenities at me as I quickly scattered off in fear. Immediately, I got in my car and drove away, shaking with exhilaration. I drove all the way to the parking lot at the Genie Plaza and spent quite some time in the parking lot trying to calm down and come to grasps as to what I just did. Did I really just do that? I would never have stricken back at my foes like that before, and I will say, it felt rather gratifying doing that. Oh how I loathed that couple. Although I threw  coffee on them, this dude still won the battle. This dude was going to go to his place and have sexual intercourse with this hot girl, and I was going to sulk in my room fall asleep on my bed, all by myself. This was such a horrible feeling.  How dare this planet condemn me, Aden Oliver Baker to this horrific suffering?
I imagined all of the god awful things I wanted to do to that couple. I dreamed of causing massive pain on all these youth couples. It was around this point in my life that I realized that I, Aden Oliver Baker, was capable of committing such horrible acts. I would be more than willing to do such acts. I was capable of murdering them. Oh you have no idea how much I dreamt of doing such an act. I dreamed of murdering them slowly, to strip the skins off their flesh. They really do deserve to die. 
When I was around seventeen, I frequently dreamed about becoming dominant and inflicting pain on everyone who had wronged me in the past, but I never thought I would actually go through with it. Due to all of the unfairness that I endured throughout my life, I am no longer the innocent little boy that I was years ago. The world had been incredibly unkind to me, and it transformed me into becoming strong enough to actually have the capacity bringing cruelty to the world. I had never been a savage, homicidal person in nature but after all of this built up hatred over the years, I have finally realized that I wouldn’t pause to kill or even torment my enemies if I was given that opportunity.
 I spent the entire week in my room, trying to forget about the cruel experiences that I had to go through. 
The weird thing about all of this is that I keep forgetting that it’s supposed to be the words of a mass murderer and instead get lost in how pathetic it all is. It’s less a manifesto and more of just a diaper party. If you’re a decent human being and you’re reading this manifesto, I really don’t see how you cannot laugh your ass off at this point. What exactly at this point has been horrific? Does he mean the part where his parents give him everything he wants the minute he balls up his face and stomps his foot or the part where he suffers extremely mild instances of teasing and bullying in high school? 
At twenty years old, nothing is better. Aden is angry at his two roommates because they’re Hispanic:
August 6th came quickly. All I wanted to do was simply be in a pleasant mood. This was the day I would meet and greet my roommates. Their names were Ricardo and Angelo. To my dismay however, these two were Hispanic race. On top of it, these two were already buddies, they knew each other already. There was a possibly that they could team up on me if there were any major arguments. They also seemed very rowdy, low-class types. Nevertheless, I tried to be extremely respectful and pleasant and not show my disdain for them. They were very cordial to me when we first but once I got to witness how they behave, I realized that they would be extremely difficult to live with. To make matters worse, they were my housemates for a whole year! When I was alone in my room, I panicked to myself how horrific this situation was. This was horrible and very disappointing. I was hoping I would get decent, mature, clean-cut roommates but unfortunate, I got low-class scum.
On the second day, their obnoxious friends came over to my apartment, and then we exchanged more verbal insults. To my surprise, they asked me that question I always dreaded hearing: “Are you a fucking virgin?” Yes, I admitted I was a virgin. I’ve always been honest about that. I struggled with that throughout my life, I couldn’t lie about such a thing. These thugs had the incredible nerve to tell me that they lost their virginity a long time ago, and they were bragging about all the women they had sex with. I particularly hated Angelo because of his horrid atrocious goat-face. How could this disgusting, vile Hispanic creature have had sex with women and I still haven’t? This planet called earth is incredibly messed up. I was so livid that I went to my room and punched the wall. The two of them heard this and started laughing loudly. I couldn’t believe. This was a repeat of what I experienced with that black thug name Dream in the old apartment only this time it was worse because these were my roommates for an entire year!
On the day after, I almost got into a physical altercation with Angelo. This vile goat-face kept acting as if girls thought he was more attractive than me. I am a beautiful, magnificent man and this guy is a low-class, pig-faced latin thug. I had enough of his cocky demeanor and started calling him exactly what he was. I tried insulting him as much as I could, telling him how amazing I was compared to him. Angelo tried to attack me, but Ricardo, being the mellower of the two held him back. What a shame. I was itching for a chance to hurt that obnoxious snob. Maybe it was for the best. My life was too important to risk doing anything careless.
I immediately called mom as soon as I could and told her the situation. There was not a chance in hell I could live with those two idiots for a whole college year. 
So he can’t get along with them so mommy comes to the rescue and gets him transferred to a new room. He continues to wander around Manchester and running away crying when he sees attractive girls or girls with boyfriends. He does the coffee throwing thing on two girls that don’t respond when he smiles at them and he drives away before they can get his license plate number.
There must have been at least two other people at the bus stop who saw this idiocy. Why no one actually attempted to get his license plate, I will never know. What kind of guy would throw coffee on two women, hell anybody for that matter, just because they ignored him and didn’t smile back at him? That is just pure stupidity. If only that car had broken down giving these ladies the opportunity to beat the ever loving shit out of him.   
Jared Baker had worked as a second unit director on The Hunger Games and as such, family was invited to attend the premiere. Aden immediately hates director Gary Ross and his son, for the social positions Aden believes rightfully belong to him and Jared. He goes to the after party for the premiere and hates the leading male talent from the movie for getting all the attention from the girls and ignoring him. What a surprise. He is approached by an old school friend whom he speaks to briefly and ducks away from. He also attends a private Katy Perry concert and during this time, he is similarly infuriated. He continues to lose money trying to win the lottery by applying techniques from “The Secret” and gets further submerged with new age crap. We can thank Jared Baker for that. 
Devon Wilson officially ends their friendship: 
In the month of May, after fourteen years, Devon Wilson, ended the friendship between us. Devon hadn’t contacted me at all since the Reeves New Years Eve Party. This was such a kick to the face. I thought after we spoke with each other at the Reeves party, things would get better between us. 
How naïve of me.
I got a hold of Devon on the phone in February and he said a few words before hanging up. I messaged him on Facebook a month ago simply to tell him how disrespectful he was to me on the phone, and in April, I received a response from him. He blatantly said that our friendship was done and that we should never contact each other, period. He didn’t even give me a reason as to why it’s over. After he said those final words, he never spoke to me again. That was the last time I spoke to him.
This is truly a bitch slap to the face. I always considered Devon as the one true friend. I really considered him the only friend I had the world who truly understood me, who understood my view of the world and the reasons why I thought that way. I confided everything to Devon, because I thought we were both on the same side. This betrayal was extremely hurtful to me although I never actually admitted this to anyone.
As soon as he told me those final words, I had a flashback of our entire friendship. Devon Wilson was really my best friend. I remembered that first day when I met Devon, as we kicked dust together as first graders at Dingy Elementary school. I reminisced about those wonderful times I spent at his house in Nashua, playing Pokémon cards when we were little. Devon was a big part of my life and now he was gone, faded away into my memory.
 All I have to say here is I hope Devon thought “So long and good riddance.” I would have done the same with this sorry excuse of a human being. Without going into too much detail, based on what’ve I’ve read throughout the piece, Aden was major burden on Devon. No surprise there though, right?
One of the last most significant and most absurd moments of his 20th year comes when he is in a park and sees an attractive group of young men and women enjoying themselves. He is immediately infuriated and retaliates by going to a store, buying a supersoaker, filling it with raw milk, coming back to the park and soaking the “offending” persons and driving away before he gets hurt. 
At 21, he throws an epic crying fit in his apartment because he can’t win the lottery. He goes to a shooting range to practice his marksmanship and begins planning the “Era of Reparation”. 
In the spring of 2013, he discovered PUA4U.com and begins posting there. His actual discussion of PUA4U in the manifesto was very brief. He tried to get his parents to look at the site and understand his situation but they did not. It’s unclear how many posts he put on the website as it is now offline. 
At this point, the story becomes a little more personal because PUA4U was curiously involved in something that happened to me. In 2010, I did some coverage of “The Game” by Neil Strauss, the book that bought the PUA community into the mainstream. My videos generated an enraged hateful response from the pick-up artist community and I received a backlash so severe that it would have put feminists such as Pamela Snyder in a strait jacket. This manic backlash continues to this very day. In fact, not very long ago, I posted a video about pick-up artists descending in mass on a mall here in New Hampshire and being made to leave. I was blunt and cold in my response, sure, but I got submerged in messages comparable to Aden Baker’s garbage. One person told me they were even flagging the video for hate speech and that they would hope I kill myself. They told me that about a thousand times, literally. 
Going back to 2010, I triggered the rage of one of the people mentioned in Neil Strauss’s book and he took to bashing me on his internet radio show. This went on for about a week and the first couple of days were all right but then things started getting eerie. He told me that he had acquired my home address, telephone number and other personal information. The guy began playing sounds of people being tortured while he talked about what he wanted to do to me. Then he mentioned one of his listeners by name that lived near me and said he wanted that person to come to my home and harm me. At that point, I called the police and he backed off immediately. I’m not going to say his name because he has actually abandoned his radio show shortly thereafter and he is now trying to lead a more private life. Nevertheless, that’s my personal entry into the seedy underbelly of the pick-up artist community.
Southern Poverty Law Center a.k.a. the SPLC, now recognizes Pick-up artists on the whole as a hate group. I disagree with this wide-reaching net. I think professional PUAS like mystery Matador Mayhem and Ross Jefferies are snake oil salesman out to part a fool from his money and I think most of the people that take their classes are well meaning simpletons that have been hooked by a bullshit sales pitch. It’s difficult to say that these people are a hate group in the manner of the KKK or the White Aryan Resistance, but the underbelly such as PUA4U.com is now unquestionably a hate group in motive and practice. 
Aden Baker may have only been the first terrorist attack in the name of this cause and I sincerely hope he’s the last but the show of support he’s received in the time since the attack indicates that there is still enough people rallied around a common cause that share his sentiments to possibly consider this a hate group. 
Now back to Aden, it’s relevant that we now look at the event which he now identifies as the tipping point cementing his plans for the Era of Reparation. He writes:
This was going to be the day where I go out in Manchester with the sole purpose of losing my virginity before I turned twenty two. That was the only thing that could have saved me. I was giving women one last chance to provide me with the pleasures I deserved to have them.
I bought a bottle of Minsk Kristall and took a few shots as an attempt to garner enough courage to walk out at such an hour. Curiosity got the better of me and i too many shots so by the time I got to main street, I was completely wasted. This was a great benefit to me though. I saw many college kids mingling in groups all over the place. I guarantee if I wasn’t drunk. I’m pretty sure had I been sober, being at the party would have been way too intimidating if. I was filled with so much drunkenness that I walked right into a wild house party that was taking place on Main Street. I saw some black DJ playing shitty hip-hop music and there were college kids playing “beer pong”, a crude drinking game.
I walked around in my intoxicated state for a few moments, got myself a beer and tried to act like a normal party-goer. I was getting real irritated that not a single individual was paying any attention to me, especially the ladies. These whores were socializing with these other dudes who looked like filthy vile slobs, but not a single girl showed any interest in me. As I increasingly became more annoyed, my anger rose as well. I came across this Asian guy talking to this blonde white chick. I was so enraged when I saw this! I couldn’t believe this! I used to think that the white women thought I was just absolutely worthless and not worthy of their time due to the fact that I was half-chinese. To my amazement there is this hot blonde chick at the party talking to a an Asian, not of mixed race. A pure Asian! I was never able to garner that kind of attention from a white girl ever! How could this disgusting Asian attract the attention of a white girl, while a beautiful Eurasian like me never had any attention from these girls? 
I thought to myself with anger. I looked at these two with such anger and hatred. I then decided that was it. I had been insulted enough. I confronted the two of them, and tried to pick a fight with the Asian dude. I was desperately trying to act boastful and arrogant to both the boy and the girl. My intoxicated state unfortunately took a massive toll on me, and I almost stumbled and collapsed on the floor after a few minutes of this. These two shit heads were babbling something like that I was completely smashed and that I better get some water to drink or whatever, so I furiously left them and went out to the front yard, where most of the actual partying happened. I was getting so enraged that it just dawned on me that I just walked away from that conflict. I decided to give them a piece of my mind so I turned around, went back into the house and viciously threw insults at the Asian guy before walking outside again.
I was standing cumbersomely in the front yard of the house for a while, realizing how completely retarded I was acting all by myself while all the kids were partying and having a good time around me. I was thinking of ways to try and just calm myself down. To relax, I climbed up onto this wooden ledge that bordered the street and threw myself down on one of the chairs there. I was getting so irritated when I saw these dudes socializing with the white girls. That’s how I would always be when I saw that. I should be one of those guys, but not a single white blonde girl gave me the opportunity. I stared down at all of these pathetic morons and did this hand gesture where I was pretending to shoot them all in the head. I was laughing hysterically as I was doing this. Eventually, some of the party animals made their way onto the ledge. They were all obnoxious wild crazy dudes who I always loathed. A couple of the pretty girls came up and talked to them, but not to me.
All of these kids were socializing right next to me and none of the girls bothered to even acknowledge my existence. I vehemently got up from my chair and tried to act bigheaded and arrogant toward them. I unleashed a barrage of insults at all of them. All they did was laugh at me and started calling me names and insults. Fury overcame my entire body, and I tried to push as many of the party-goers as I could from the ten foot ledge. I was mostly focused on pushing the girls. I wanted to inflict such pain on these women for talking to these dipshit boys instead of me. 
I was unsuccessful in my attempt of pushing any of the women off the ledge, and one of these muscular dudes pushed me from the ledge, which resulted in me falling onto the street. Once I hit the ground, I felt something snap in my ankle, and then I felt this horrible stinging pain. I gradually got up and found that I was unable to walk. I was stumbling away, and stumble I did. I tried to get away as fast as I could.
As I was struggling a few yards down Main Street thanks to my broken leg, I also noticed that one of the party-goers took my Gucci Sunglasses that mom had given me. Those were my favorite sunglasses. I had to get them back. 
I vigorously turned around and made my way back to the party. At this point, I was so incredibly wasted that I forgot what address the party was and I ended up stumbling onto the front yard of another house next to it. I demanded to know which one of these hooligans took my sunglasses. The people at this party house probably are acquaintances with the party-goers I previously fought with, for they acknowledged me with brutal malice. They were calling me names like “faggot” and “pussy”, typical things dickheads like those would say.
Then a gang of loathsome dickheads came up and physically pulled me onto the front driveway. The continually pushed and they kept hitting me. I really tried to fight back. I wanted to murder every single last one of them. I was able to punch one of these idiots, who was the main person assaulting me, but doing so only allowed them to assault me more. I fell to the ground where these vicious thugs were punching and kicking me in the face. Finally, there were people who witnessed the fight and were able to break it up.
This was the first time in my life that I had ever been badly hurt physically to the point where I had bruising all over my face. I had never been so brutally beaten and embarrassed until this point. This entire town witnessed what happened. How embarrassing.
I would say the worst part of this situation was not getting beaten up but that almost no one showed any concern. There were four people in one group who assisted me to the end of Main Street, but eventually, they just left me. There was one girl offered to help (I didn’t take it though) as I stumbled home with my broken, shattered leg, bloody and beaten. If girls had loved me, they would have offered to take me home to my room and taken care of me. Hell they would have offered to sleep with me to make me feel better. But not one female showed any sympathy to what I was going through. No single human being cared. I was all by myself on this cruel world.
I don’t know about you but for me, this has got to be one of the most hilarious parts of the manifesto. Honestly, how could you not have a good laugh after reading this? When I first read this part of the manifesto, I was busting up so hard tears were rolling down my face. The reason is because, my god, first of all, there’s this girl that offers to help him and he won’t take it, but then he complains that no girl will fuck him to make him feel better? I thought myself, “My god, do you think fucking is some kind of power-up or something?” 
Here we see the complete detachment of responsibility. He initiates a fight by trying to push some girls off a balcony and then acts like he’s the one who got bullied and then thinks he’s further insulted when nobody has any sympathy for him. He has no ability to understand that he got everything he had coming to him that night. If he received more regular beatings like that, he might have gotten the sociopathic narcissism stomped out of him once and for all. Who knows?  Maybe that brain of his, as warped as it was, might have been eventually snapped in the other direction, stunting him as a humble submissive. 
Aden was prescribed Risperidone, which is an anti-psychotic used to treat schizophrenics and manic depressives as well as irritability symptoms in children with Autism Spectrum disorders. Unfortunately, Aden refused to take the medication and the one thing that might’ve helped his condition never came to fruition. You can’t help someone that doesn’t want to be helped and this is totally true of Aden Baker.
So what does his mommy do for him? She buys him a BMW 3 Series Coupe. Yes, this rotten child that can’t function in public without breaking down in tears gets a new car. This is too much in my opinion.
Then he discovers that his sister has a boyfriend. I had wondered as I read the manifesto what his reaction would be to his sister dating and given the fact she’s a stone fox, it was highly likely that she would lose her virginity. Here are Aden’s comments:
I visited my mom's rather frequently during the fall. I was truly enraged to discover that my sister has boyfriend, and that she had lost her virginity. Yes, there were boys that she dated in the past, but this one was different. this relationship was getting serious. This one was a half White, half Mexican named Lorenzo. When i first met him and Christie introduced me to him, I was immediately disgusted when i saw him. this Mexican looked like the typical disgusting thug that most young women are sexually attracted to. Christie invited him to my mother’s house very frequently, and I was getting so enraged watching him lurking about the house, eating mom's food and drinks, and making use of my mom's house.
But the day when I found him fucking my sister, i really grew to despise him. One day, I arrived at the house. my mother was at work, and I heard the sounds of my sister’s moans. I was standing there and listening to everything that was happening.
Whenever he came over, i never even bothered to speak to him. I constantly was telling my mom to ban him from her house, but she refused to listen to me. On top that, mom talked excessively about him how much he liked him. We had an enemy who had now entered the mom's house, the one place in the whole world where I would always go whenever I was facing the injustices of the world. It was at that point that I realized that this situation was getting way too out of hand.
Well that’s exactly what I expected him to say. It’s creepy as all fuck and I don’t think it warrants further comment. Let’s move on to what he says about his actual plans for the Era of Reparation. 














Era of Reparation/ Oscar’s Final Thoughts
On the day before the Era of Reparation, This is going to be the First Stage of my revenge: I will brutally slaughter as many human beings as I possibly can around Manchester by inducing them into my apartment through some form of deception. The first people that will face death are my two roommates. Once they're finished, the apartment complex will be used as a personal tormenting and murdering chamber. After that, I will start inducing people into my apartment, clobbering them with a hammer, and then slashing their throats. The people who will suffer the most are The good looking ones, assuming that they had the best sex lives. Due to all of the pleasure they experienced in their life, I will punish them by bringing them pain and suffering. My life has been painful and I have suffered a lot, and it was time to bring that pain to people who actually deserve it. Once they're dead, they will be beheaded and I will keep their heads in a bag, for their heads will play a major role in the final phase. This first stage will represent my revenge against all of these good looking dudes who have had pleasurable sexual intercourse while I, Aden Oliver Baker have suffered greatly. Once they suffer, things will be fair. 
The Second Stage will take place on the Era of Reparation itself, just before the climactic annihilation. I will punish all of the women for the crime of denying me sex. These vile creatures have starved me of sex for my entire youth, and these are giving that pleasure to other men. As a result of their ignorance and stupidity, these women have taken many years of my life away. I must go after women who represent everything I despise about the female gender: The hottest sorority at UNH. This the sorority that has the hottest girls. This is the Alpha Phi Sorority. I know the location of the sorority house is. I've stalked the house several times. They are all rotten, insensitive, wicked cunts. These women have this attitude like they're better than me. At 9:00 p.m. on the Era of Reparation, I will sneak into the house and mass murder every last one of them with my guns and knives. If I have time, I will set the entire sorority house on fire. Then we shall see who the superior one really is!
The Final Stage of the Era of Reparation will be my ultimate showdown in the streets of Manchester. On the morning before, I will to go to my dad's house to kill my brother Gavin, preventing him from growing up to surpass me. I will also slaughter my stepmother Sikaya, as she will be in the way. Dad will be away on one of his business trips, so luckily I won’t have to deal with him. Had he not went on that trip, I may have had postpone the entire agenda. I would have been way too reluctant to murder my dad. Once care my brother and stepmother are finished, I will switch over to the Mercedes SUV, and drive it back up to Manchester. I will use the SUV as one of my killing machines against those who wronged me.
Once I've murdered all of the sorority girls are all gone, the next step is rapidly getting into the SUV before the police arrive, assuming they arrive extremely early. I will then make my way to Main Street, run over as many of my enemies as I can with the SUV, and shoot anyone I am unable to run over. I can only imagine how amazing it is going to be to ram the SUV into all of those groups of popular young shitheads who I’ve always seen walking right in the middle of the road as if they are better than the entire universe. Once they are squirming in pain, because of the damage I've inflicted on them, they will finally recognize the crimes they have committed.
Once I reach Main Street, I will dump the bag of heads of the people who have wronged me, publicly announcing to everyone how much I’ve enjoyed watching them hurt. As soon as these people see all of their friends’ heads laying all over Main Street, everyone will fear me as the omnipotent deity that I am. The massacre will commence on Main Street. I will park my car next to a house party and fire away at all the party-goers on the front yard. The good looking people are my main target, as well as all of the couples. Once I have destroyed a house party, I will continue my mission on Main Street, demolishing everything and everyone. As soon as I see the first police car come to their rescue, I will drive away as fast as I can, shooting and splattering anyone in my path until I find a place to finally end my life.
To end my life, I will shove an entire bottle of Xanax and Vicodin pills down my throat. I will also consume an ample amount of hard liquor. Once i have consumed this mixture, I will shoot myself simultaneously in the head with two handguns. If the gunshots somehow don't end my life, the Xanax and Vicodin pill mixture eventually will. I refuse to bear the agony of being captured and sent to prison.
The Era of reparation must be planned very efficiently. No missteps can happen. This has to be absolutely perfect. This is now my true destiny on this planet called earth. This agenda of mine will come to fruition, and nothing can get in the way.
Well he accomplished some of that and at least he didn’t succeed with all of it. 
And now finally, and most importantly, we must consider his epilogue, which is the part of his writing that could constitute a manifesto:
And so this is how my existence has to conclude. Who would have thought my life will turn out this way? 
There was a time when I thought this planet called earth was a carefree and blissful place. As a tiny innocent child, the entire world i grew up in was absolutely pure. As soon as I went through that stage called puberty, I started thirsting for girls and my whole life turned into a living hell. Yes I wanted women, but the women never wanted me back. There is something off-putting with that. This unfairness cannot go scot-free. There is no way I could live a happy life looking at that picture.
In addition to wasting my entire youth suffering in alienation and dissatisfied desire, I had to live with the unfortunate realization boys my age were able to have all of the experiences I craved for. I find it all to be unquestionably cruel and wrong. On top of it, I was always ridiculed, humiliated and disrespected by other men respecting me less because I was unable to get any girls. The entire planet knew I was a virgin. The entire planet knew how undesirable I was to girls, Oh, how I loathed everybody just for knowing it. I want people to think that girls adore me. I want to feel worthy. Honestly, what is the worth in living on this planet in isolation of everyone? Would you even consider that living?
My destiny on this planet was not to live such a feeble, gloomy existence. That is not my place in this world. No! I, Aden Oliver Baker refuse to accept such a horrific fate. If mankind refuses to offer me a worthy place among them, I will not hesitate to get rid of all them. I am better than all of them. I am a god!!
In the midst of my suffering, I have been able to see mankind in a much clearer light. I have vision that other people lack. Throughout the suffering I've endured, I have been able to see just how crazy and injustice this world truly is. The current state of mankind is what makes the world a terrible place. The only i see when i look at human beings is vileness and degradation thanks to the heinous act known as… sexuality…
One of the most evil concepts known to man is Sex. The idea that one's existence exists through the act of sex proves that life is flawed. Sexual intercourse gives mankind a tremendous amount of pleasure which they are absolutely not worthy of. Not a single human being deserves to experience so much pleasure, especially when some humans get to enjoy it while some are denied the opportunity. For some humans to actually be able to enjoy the act of sexual intercourse while others are denied the opportunity is selfish and greedy.
Women are the ultimate evil behind sexuality. Women have the power to control which men get to enjoy the act of sex and which men don’t. The female species is extremely flawed, and the abuse I've gotten from these women has made me realize this sad truth. Women have something very twisted and wrong with their brains. They think like crazy wild animals, and in truth, women are crazy wild animals. Some women do have the capacity to have morals or thinking rational. Most Women however, are manipulated by their lewd emotions and disgusting sexual impulses. Because of this, the men who do get to experience the pleasures of sex and the privilege of breeding are the men who these stupid retarded females are sexually attracted to… these imbecilic, perverted, obnoxious men. I witnessed all of this throughout my entire existence. There are gorgeous women on this planet who have the freedom to have sexual intercourse with such vile men, instead of beautiful men like myself.
Women should not be given the freedom to pick who to copulate and breed with. That choose should be given to rational men that have high intelligence. If we keep giving women certain rights, including sexual intercourse, they will only hinder the advancement of the human race by breeding with incompetent men and creating stupid, retarded offspring. This will cause humanity to become even more depraved with each generation. Women have more power in human society than they deserve, all because of sex. The female human species are corrupt and vicious creatures.
Women are such hideous human beings. They are truly not worthy of having any rights. The vileness and cruelty of women must be contained in order prevent the next generations of mankind from falling to corruption. Women are truly demonic, wicked creatures and they need to be treated as such.
After recognizing these horrific truths about this society, I have manifested the ideal and perfect ideology of how this world should be shaped. In my ideal existence, the act of sex would not exist. It must be prohibited. Once the act of sex is eliminated from this, mankind will truly be ethical and civilized. The men on this planet will mature in the healthiest of ways without having to deal about the vile act of sexual intercourse. All of the men will grow up fair and equal, because not a single man will be able to experience the pleasures of sexual intercourse while others are unable to achieve it. 
If we are to destroy the horrible act known as sex, women themselves would have to be abolished. All women must be quarantined like the plague they are, so that they can be used as a way to actually aid a civilized society. In order carry this out, we must have a brand new and powerful type of government. The government will be under the influence of a marvelous leader. I would gladly be the ruler of the government myself. The leader of the government will establish this new order and he will have complete control over every aspect of society, in order to direct it towards a magnificent and ideal place. Once we do away with this weak government we have currently, we will have a very proficient infantry of fanatically devoted troop. This will help in carrying out such revolutionary laws.
The first phase of dealing with these women is to quarantine every last one of them in concentration camps. In these concentration camps, the vast majority of the women will be deliberately starved to death. This will be an effective way of killing all of these women off this planet. I would absolutely not hesitate in condemning every last woman on earth to starve to death. There will be a magnificent tower built just for me, where I can inspect all of these wicked bitches in the entire concentration camp and I will gleefully watch them all perish. If I can’t have the opportunity to have a woman, then no other man will have that opportunity as well. 
The female psyche represents everything that is unjust in this world. If this planet is going to be a safe and peaceful place, then all of the women must be eradicated.
Because I am a wonderful human being, I will spare a few women but only for the sake of reproduction. The government will keep these women and bred them in secret labs. In these labs, the government will artificially inseminate the women with sperm samples in order to create superior offspring. The depraved nature of women will eventually be bred out of them in time.
The next generations of men will be unaware to these remaining women’s existence but this is only for the best. If a man matures without gaining any knowledge of the existence of the female species, then there will be no desire for sexual intercourse. This vile act called Sexuality will completely be erased from civilization. Love will erased from civilization. There will no longer be any imprint of such concepts in the human psyche. It is the only way to purify the world.
In this ideal world, the man’s mind can develop to greater heights than ever before. We will have Future generations will be able live their existence without even having to worry about the brutality of the act of sex and the female species. Men will have the opportunity to expand their intelligence and advance the human race to a state of ideal civilization.
I really hate to admit it but unfortunately this ideal world that i have come up with cannot be created. I've recognized a long time ago there was no way achieve that amount of power in my life the way the world is now. That manifestation will unfortunately never become a reality for me it did give me something to fantasize about as I was enraged and bewildered at the way women rejected me throughout my life. This whole perspective and philosophy of eliminating the act of sex comes from me being deprived from the act throughout my entire life. If I cannot have that opportunity, I will do everything I can to DESTROY IT.
The purpose of my orchestration of the Era of Reparation is to wipe out everything I am unable to achieve. I will wipe out all the women who I’ve longed for throughout my life, but could never have because they despised and ridiculed me. I will erase all of those popular people who live hedonistic lives of pleasure because they never accepted me as one of them. All of these human beings will be completely wiped out and I will make them suffer, just as they have made me suffer.
Why do things have to be this way? I’m sure that is the question everyone will be asking after the Era of Reparation is over. They will all be asking why. Indeed, why? Sounds like the exact same question I’ve had for everyone throughout all my years of pain and agony. I was always questioning Why was I forced to live this life of misery and inadequacy while other men were able to experience the pleasures of sexual intercourse and love with women? Why do things have to be this way? I ask all of you.
I always wanted to love women and in turn, I wanted to be loved back by them. The behavior that I have endured from the female species has truly made me despise them. It is I, Aden Oliver Baker, that is the true victim in all of this.
Mankind struck at me first by condemning me to experience this pain throughout my entire existence. This was not something I asked for. This wasn't something I wanted. I did not fire the first bullet. Mankind did that. I will however return the favor and strike right back. Everyone who has wronged me will be punished. It will absolutely amazing. Finally after twenty five years, I can show the world my true worth.
Those killed by Aden Baker were Zhao "James" Yun, Liu "David" Bei, George Chen, Olivia Gilber, Kina Yakabritch, Lauren Roberts, Zerlina Bloomfield, Jill Dines, Jabor Kumar, James Olston, Krista Lang and Maria Ma. Their deaths will be for nothing if we don’t learn something from all of this. 
In times of tremendous national tragedy, it is commonplace for the advocates to look for a single causal factor to be eliminated or be regulated to ensure that such a tragedy never happens again. This ultimately, is fruitless. There is no way to curb the civil liberties of the innocent to the point that the criminal element is removed by extension. 
A prime example of this is the new charge to heighten gun control in light of the shooting but that doesn’t address the fact that three of the murders were done with a knife and he also intended to kill people with his car. The next argument albeit less emphasized at present, is to do away with or heavily regulate the sale of violent video games. Again this only punishes the innocent. Pornography barely enters into the equation since Aden had only a brief exposure to it, at least by his account. 
But these are the typical hobby horses of the sacrificial collective that wants to cut off a pound of flesh as atonement as though the innocent must bear punishment for the wrong-doers.
Unique to these particular incidents are the matters related to gender relations. Predictably, the feminists and social justice warriors have been scrambling to turn this into a springboard for their cause, with idiots like Zachary Teeters and Pamela Snyder, attempting to tie this into a larger concept of patriarchy and misogyny. 
To Zach’s claims, patriarchy as you perceive it to exist is only a theoretical concept that is built on assumptions about men and women with no actual scientific data to back it up. There was no competition going on between Aden Baker and other boys for women, certainly not literally but not figuratively as well. Baker viewed himself as superior to all men around him deserving of all women by default. This is not true of one who views women as a prize to be won. In a competition, all competing parties go into the event knowing that there is a reward or desired outcome that must be attained. Baker saw himself above that to the point that he honestly believed that he should have women coming to him without question. 
The other reality is that gaining the affection of one’s love interest is a competition. It is a competition to make a deeper more significant connection with another person in the face of their other romantic options and it is a competition with yourself to improve yourself to the point of being worthy of love and affection. 
To Zach’s one tweet about calling this Aden Baker a misogynist, you are correct. He undoubtedly is and I don’t see anybody denying that. But do you not realize that this only demonstrates how absurd the feminist notion of misogyny actually is? Misogyny is not about wanting to look at a naked woman, especially if it’s on TV. It’s about wanting to round up all the women in the world and put them into extermination camps. You social justice warriors have wasted so much time trying to make harmless activities such as looking at pornography or going to strip clubs into these horrific bastions of hatred and oppression that you’ve lost sight of what a rare phenomenon of misogyny actually is. 
You’ve tried to make misogyny an institutional constitutional concept based on no evidence whatsoever but stop and look at the spread here. The only people showing up support of Aden Baker are the tiny people from the PUA4U website and other extremist websites while an overwhelming majority of people in this country view what happened as a horrific tragedy. We, as a society, view the random slaughter of the innocent as a horrible thing regardless of the gender of the victims. You can accept that or you can continue to be an asshole. 
To Pamela Snyder’s disgusting tweets, the fact that you would turn this real-life tragedy into a validation of your largely fictionalized agenda, reveals you to be a hollow shell of a human being. But what’s worse is that even if we were to assume that everything you say is true, this still doesn’t support your agenda. Aden Baker’s beef was with women, period, not with keeping the internet a boy’s club. This is, at best, you making a correlation-causation fallacy. But what is amazing is that you think all of your experiences are comparable to this at all. You have endured nothing more than people on the internet saying mean things to you, period. Nobody has actually made an attempt on your life and you have come through all the horrors completely unscathed. 
If anything, this demonstrates just how lame your claims actually are. Even if we, again, grant that all of the backlash you received sprung up organically and wasn’t the result of something you orchestrated, how does having a bunch of assholes say mean things to you on the internet stack up to this guy that actually committed mass murder. It should also teach you something else; people who actually intend to kill other people don’t tell them about it in advance. None of Aden Baker’s victims saw it coming; he did not inform them beforehand. 
But the overarching feminist message is encapsulated by this centermost tweet. No, not I, nor any other man, should expect to assume responsibility for this nor should we concede that we all have an Aden Baker in us. Yes, we all have the capacity to do violence, including women. But the vast majority of us who don’t are not obligated to pay for the deficit of consideration for the ones that do. 
I have heard frequently the idea that women are expected to view all men as a potential rapist until proven otherwise. The problem with that logic is that you could say exactly the same thing that all men are non-rapists until proven guilty. You choose to privilege the perspective that assumes all men are rapists and for what, so that you can continue to feel paranoid and oppressed. Wake up and look around you and see all of the people, men and women, all the people over the country who are decrying this activity. This is not an outgrowth of the patriarchy. This is not the indication of some widespread misogyny. But more so, if you continue to carry on the way you have in the aftermath of all of this, you are only giving him what he wanted. All of this wild fear-mongering is exactly what Aden Baker hoped to instill, just as it is what every terrorist hopes to instill in his targeted demographics. 
Do you not understand the truth of what was said that if we give up our freedoms, if we become terrified then the terrorist will win? If you want to see the lunacy of trying to make all men shoulder the burden, ask yourself if you feel obligated to knowledge that all women have a little bit of Valerie Solonis in them. Now if you’re going to argue that Aden Baker’s actions were the result of a society in which men see themselves as entitled to women, ask yourself if the reverse is true. Would you ever consider yourself morally obligated to acknowledge as a woman that this tragedy is the result of women withholding sex from men? Of course not and nor should you. So by the same token, don’t ask men to shoulder responsibility that has nothing to do with them. 
I turn now to the other side of the internet gender war, the manosphere. The Men’s Rights Activists have certainly been receiving a good amount of accusations from feminists who are manipulating this into a counterstrike onto the men’s rights movement. This, alone, isn’t accurate. The MRA, as suggested by websites such as a voice for men, have consistently sought to portray themselves as the passive sympathizers for men’s difficulties and lack the militant aggression seen in Aden Baker’s own behavior. 
Now I disagree with the MRAs on many of their positions and consider their stance to be ill founded but the attack is misplaced. The greater focus should be given to the elements of the manosphere that advocates a return to patriarchal values. To the MRAs, you, who have offset your own short comings by declaring that women must be kept in line, have presented Aden Baker with the pseudo intellectual landscape which allowed him to maintain the contradictions in his thinking that lead to his breakdown. You are free to advocate for these positions, that is your right and the blame of these events can only fall on Aden Baker in a just world. But what you cannot deny is that the philosophical mechanism that you foster, a philosophy that is built on contradictory premises, can only be disastrous as its applied outcome no matter the degree and devastation of that outcome. 
Ultimately, however, the feminists and the men’s rights activists, both must come to terms with their parallel nature, both begin with a premise that declares one gender has been subjugated to the other throughout history and that sexism will be properly resolved once their side has been properly advantaged. Neither will declare their battle to be against the opposing gender but rather that they represent the one true course to the resolution of sexism but both are so ideologically entrenched that they cannot step back and look at the bigger picture. Neither can see that they don’t represent the interests of men or women, but rather they attach their agenda to external issues that they hold as emblematic of their cause much as the various racist white nationalist groups commit themselves heavily to the matter of illegal immigration, an issue which exists externally to their cause and ideology. 
Whether you are a member of the more militant arm or the passive arm of the gender wars is irrelevant. The militant arm contends that girls are better than boys and vice versa (the boys are better than the girls) and the passive arms claim the opposite, that boys are weaker than girls and vice versa. The problem is whatever side you take; you are forced to take the opposite by default. If you believe boys are weaker than girls, then you confess your belief in the strength of girls. If you believe girls are weaker than boys, then you confess your belief in the strength of boys. Therefore it is a four-sided issue and neither side can exist without contradicting the other. 
Do you see now why Aden Baker, a boy whose mind was filled with unresolved contradictions could believe himself to be both superior and worthless at the same time? He had never come to understand the basic law of non-contradiction, that he cannot be at once both superior and inferior in contrast to the same person. To glean the truth of the matter, he must apply the functioning of his mind to the nature of reality which he never did. 
Ultimately, the problems in Aden’s mind and life that led to his actions are easy to lay out. Whatever condition he was born with, the psychosis that gave him his murderous disposition in the manner in which that psychosis manifested is obvious. First he was born into privilege. This is neither a good thing nor a bad thing per se and his two younger siblings have done just fine in the same circumstances. For Aden however, it fostered and contextualized his innate lack of empathy. Having no concept of genuine hardship, he believes that the frustration and setbacks of his own life constitutes horrendous crimes committed by the entirety of humanity. 
He has a father who is largely absent from his life but whom he holds in towering godlike regard. By contrast, his mother spoils him to the point that he is able to get his way simply by throwing a temper-tantrum. At all the critical points which he outlines in his manifesto, he got his way by crying to his mother. It was the only consistent method by which he dealt with the world, the ultimate spoiled little prince. His mother would gladly fly around the world to save her son from the agonizing torture of having to be bored in a foreign country. She transferred him from one school to the next when he endured the unbearable terror of hearing a recording of his classmates having sex or being pushed into his locker. 
At no point was he made to deal with his circumstances and at every point he was made to feel weak and helpless and that the only recourse was to throw a crying fit. The sad state of being precipitated by his parents and their belief that showering their son with expensive toys and snapping to his attention every time there were tears in his eyes was acceptable parenting, stunted his existence to the point that as an adult, a psychotic delusional mentally unbalanced adult, he had not progressed past the first few years of life in terms of his coping mechanisms. He threw a fit and got what he wanted all throughout his life and then when he finally began to reach adulthood, he began to realize that the rest of the world didn’t feel inclined to accommodate to his temper-tantrums.
What else could lead a fully grown adult to believe that trying to push women over a balcony didn’t constitute responsibility as the aggressor in that situation? He was throwing a temper tantrum just as he was throwing a temper-tantrum all those times he poured drinks on other unsuspected persons and on July 6th 2016, he threw the magnum opus of his crying fits. 
Yes, his parents had him in therapy all throughout his life but they still failed to see the folly of their ways. They still believed that expensive toys and accommodating temper tantrums could raise their child as Aden Baker came face to face with the cold hard realities of life; it became readily apparent that the world at large would not yield to his cry baby routine.
Considering how much he wants love from women, he doesn’t express any actual understanding of what love is. Instead he seems to view love as some kind of undivided attention that is to be handed over out of a sense of duty. Is there any wonder that in the course of the text he recalls being infuriated at his mother for not marrying a wealthy suitor, only to have her son tell her that if she loved him, she’d put his happiness before her own? 
We’ve identified the root of the problem in Aden’s world but if you desire to learn what societal underpinnings, what values (or failures of values) could have precipitated this tragedy, let’s take a look back. Aden Baker was a small delicate child that grew up enjoying the life of privilege due to the success of his father. He felt deeply insignificant next to his father’s monumental achievements and instead, got lost in a warped illogical philosophy that eventually came to dominate his worldview, to the point that he felt no guilt or remorse about doing the things that were either criminal or at least morally repugnant. 
We now turn to our friends at True Force Loneliness. Before the MRAS, before the manosphere, before the PUA4U, there was True Force Loneliness, a movement created together by a few internet introverts who’s main purpose was to spread awareness of a widespread problem namely that none of them could get laid or find love. They tried to express at length their pain of seeing happy-loving couples enjoying themselves while they wallowed in misery. Much of their philosophy was a precursor to the contemporary manosphere arguing that feminism had created a world where women had too much power and were ruining the lives of men out of spite. I was very critical of them in my videos and few people understood why. They wanted unearned love and failed to understand that there is no such thing. Unearned love is just the performance of love and if they were content with that, they would’ve hired a prostitute. 
Similarly, I was critical of the Pick-up artists because early on in their ruddy sham, I realize this was not about getting laid. It was about social recognition and using women as a means to obtain that recognition. After all, if sex was all you wanted then an hour with a high-end prostitute would have cost a fraction of what was required to attend one of mystery’s seminars. Before PUA4U carried PUA ideas into the realm of hatred and misogyny, the standard PUA community was still fostering that very thought process that would put men on that road. 
And that leads us to today. If you wish to know what societal evil encouraged and preceded this behavior, I will tell you. It is an attitude more basic and more widespread than any of the philosophies and movements we’ve thus far discussed and while it’s one the most poisonous toxic beliefs in human history, it is one that we can overcome, not by banning various products or curtailing civil liberties, but rather by simply shifting our attitudes. 
To understand what I was referring to, I urge everyone to listen to a YouTube clip from podcast superstar Yolanda Shives, one of my brother’s favorite idols. Yolanda Shives unleashed a tirade at the younger members of the Occupy Wall Street Movement but it applies perfectly to the supposed outrage that this men’s groups feel over not being able to get laid. We have brought up several generations of participation trophy recipients and while certainly not all of them, in fact very few of them grow up to behave like Aden Baker, the connection to his own system of thought is undeniable. The sniveling, contemptuous, envy of people who are successful is felt by spoiled brats who think that they ought to be rewarded simply for showing up. 
If you want to work towards a better future, then this is one costly error that must be addressed. Rather than teaching children it’s not whether you win or lose but how you play the game, we must teach them about winning in the most honorable, honest and most fulfilling way possible and that failure is only an opportunity to learn to improve. Aden Baker never learned that lesson and it is crucial that we all learn it and pass it on to future generations. There will one day be another shooter with their own unique set of motivations and justifications. There is no single shift in society that will guarantee that tragedies like this never happen again. But if you wish to correct the error in our modern culture that encouraged and allowed for this tragedy to happen, then the answer is now before you.

Epilogue

Oscar leaned back in his chair and grinned at his brother. Navarro shook his head and sighed.
“I think it is missing something. It seems incomplete somehow. Did you use all the information that we had found?”
Oscar looked at his brother in shock. “Of course I did. I didn’t leave anything out. I thought that came out really good. Was I vague on anything?”
Navarro shook his head and smiled. “You were very clear and concise throughout the video. You stated what you thought of the guy and you used stuff from the manifesto to help bring your points across. At least we got a lot of hits on it. Maybe I just need to look at it from a different perspective.” He grinned. “Maybe I should pretend to be a new viewer, a woman to see if I can get anything else out of it.”
Oscar laughed. “I would like to see you try and watch this while pretending to be a woman. I bet that you can’t do that.”
Navarro laughed. “Oh Yeah? How much money are you willing to bet?”
Oscar thought about it for a moment. “Ten bucks says that you will start laughing your ass off before you even start.”
“Deal. Ten bucks says that you will have to leave the room because my impersonation of a woman watching the video will make you feel like you need a drink.”
Oscar grinned. “Fine. Let’s raise it to twenty bucks.” He laughed while Navarro nodded and took his wallet out. He took out thirty dollars and laid it on the desk in front of them.
“Let the fucking games begin.”
An hour later, Oscar returned to the office and found his brother laughing at him. “Yeah, yeah, Nav, keep on laughing. Hope you’re getting a good laugh out of this. I just lost thirty bucks thanks to you. Damn, I wish that you weren’t so good with impersonations. Oh by the way, the only alcohol that you had was rum so I had to fix me a glass of Rum and Coke.”
Navarro grinned. “I told you that would happen. You should have listened to me. Shall we do another bet and see if you can win?”
Oscar shook his head. “Let me think. Aah…no. You beat me fair and square. Did you get anything out of your second viewing?”
“I sure did. I think that any woman would have been stupid if they had dated him. What kind of woman would want to be with him anyway if he throws fits if he doesn’t get his way? If he had been my kid, I would have beat his ass for throwing such an idiotic temper tantrum. If his parents had punished him like a true parent does, then he would have turned out better.”
Oscar nodded. “I totally agree. Keep in mind though, we have these advocacy dipshits such as your former friend Zach from that cancer support group thing that you went to, throwing the blame and accusations at a movement for this tragedy.”
“Oh no, I totally understand that. That’s not fair at all. Not to mention we have these anti-video gamers and anti-porn advocates harping on twitter.” Navarro quickly replied. There was a pause and then he added, “Hey Oscar, I know it was tough working on this, especially after James Olston’s death. I know you’re friendly with his older brother. Maybe I should’ve been a little more supportive, even as I was going through my own situation, you know?” 
Oscar nodded and slowly rose up from his chair. “Nav, please. Don’t sweat it. I appreciate that. It wasn’t easy doing this, especially when I found out about James. In addition to that, during the research and putting all this together, you were getting sicker and sicker. That drove me insane, fearing that I was probably going to lose you, and having Anthony take over your job. We’ve done videos before on the channel that took a while to get finished but with what was going in our personal life, wow, this might be one of the toughest projects ever for me.” He glanced at his watch. “I got to go. I forgot that I had a meeting this afternoon. I’ll see you later and I will definitely keep you posted.” Navarro nodded and walked his brother to the door. After giving his little brother a nice bear hug, Oscar got in his car and drove to the meeting place.
As he drove, he thought of how much better his brother looked than the last time he had seen him. 
Navarro was really looking like he was getting better. Oscar was elated about this. When Navarro sat at the computer, or watched TV, he used to get so tired. Oscar used to get so worried about him. He still gets worried about his little brother even though he claims that he is feeling good. The time Navarro fainted at Aaron’s place was probably the scariest moment for Oscar throughout all this. 
Oscar sighed and pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant where he was supposed to meet a possible client. 
He sat in his car looking through the notes he had written for the possible client. His mind kept wandering back to seeing his brother’s impersonation. He chuckled as he got out of the car. 

Navarro smiled as he listened to his brother’s video with his eyes closed. 
“I still feel that something is off with it. I could just be wrong”. 
He sighed, paused the hour and forty five minute video, and got up from the desk. He walked into the kitchen to fix himself some lunch.
After fixing himself a sandwich and chips, he went back to the office to finish listening to the video while he ate. He sat down and started the video again. He laughed at his brother’s tone when talking about Aden Baker’s tantrums.
“That guy should have had his ass beat for that shit.” He thought to himself. “I’m surprised that he hadn’t been bullied even more for doing that.” 
Navarro took another bite of his sandwich. 
“I know a few people at school who would have bullied him just to give him an actual reason to cry to his parents.” He thought to himself. Navarro used to get teased just for being who he was but he never wanted to kill people for it or herd them off into concentration camps.
He laughed and turned the video off. He stretched and took his plate back into the kitchen. He sat it in the sink and went back into the office to finish working on what he had been writing when his brother had come over to see his reaction to the video.
An hour later, Navarro looked through the document and smiled. He opened his email and sent a quick message to his old friend from college along with the document that he had finished and a link to the video. He smiled as the message was sent. “Let’s see what Sal thinks about the video” Navarro thought. He smiled again and waited to see what he would send back.
He did not have to wait long before Sal replied. He read it and laughed. He was glad but at the same time surprised his friend liked the video. It was so hard to get Sal to like anything movie related. Navarro recalled a time when they had gone to see Hangover part II back in college. Halfway through the movie, Sal got up and left. Navarro found him at the coffee shop attached to the theater. When Navarro questioned why he left, Sal told him that he thought the movie was terrible. Needless to say, Navarro never asked his friend to see another movie with him ever again.
Navarro sighed and shut down the computer. He stretched and went to his bedroom to take a quick nap before having to go to the doctor for a check-up.



Oscar walked out to his car smiling to himself. 
The client liked what he had drawn up for them. They couldn’t wait to work with the Zurano brothers as their manager. Oscar thought he could have a really good video for the next month to put on their channel. 
He smiled and got in his car to go home. Once there, he went inside to his office to drop off his notes from the meeting before going into the kitchen for food.
Oscar took a can of tuna out of the cabinet and opened it. He took out two slices of bread and emptied the can onto the slices. He walked into the living room with his sandwich and sat down on the couch before turning on the tv.
He was glad that Navarro liked the video. He was curious as to what he thought was missing from it. He considered watching the video again without anyone else with me to make sure that I did it right. 
Oscar sighed and ate some of his sandwich. As he was eating, he noticed a photo of him and his little brother when they were kids. Navarro is sitting on the lap of their grandfather, while Oscar is sitting cross legged on the grass.
“Life likes to throw us curve balls.” He thought to himself how terrified he was about losing his brother to cancer but when the doctor told him and their father that he was in remission, Oscar felt like jumping for joy. Navarro looked happy hearing that. 
He sighed again and finished his sandwich. He got up and turned the television off before walking into the kitchen to put his plate in the sink.
Oscar walked into the bathroom to take a quick shower before getting ready for bed. Once his shower was done, he dried off and changed his clothes. He crawled into bed and stared at the ceiling. 
He thought about the restaurant He and Navarro went to. Navarro liked where they went to eat out to celebrate and his friend Sal from college had shown up to celebrate with them. Anthony was there too, as well as Aaron. Anyway, after dinner they went to the movies without Sal, who had claimed that he needed to go back. Navarro had looked relieved when he left. Oscar thought about maybe taking him out to eat tomorrow night. 
As these thoughts were popping up into his head, Oscar smiled and fell asleep.




Navarro stared at the paperwork that he had gotten at the doctor’s office and grinned. 
The results showed his white blood cell count was normal and there was no sign of the cancer. Navarro has to monthly check-ups to see if the tumor has grown back. Dr. Johnson was happy to show him that. He also mentioned that he enjoyed the video that Oscar had done. Navarro had forgotten that he was subscribed to their Lippy Kids YouTube channel as well as both his channel and Oscar’s channel. 
As he took a big yawn, Navarro wondered if he should tell Oscar about that as well as show him the paperwork but he thought that can wait for tomorrow. 
He yawned again and stretched before crawling into bed. He turned off the lamp and fell asleep.
The next morning, Navarro walked into his kitchen to put his breakfast plate in the sink when the doorbell rang. That must be Oscar. Navarro had called him before fixing my breakfast which gave him plenty of time to get here. He went to open the door and was shocked when Oscar pulled him into one of his famous bear hugs. 
 “Oscar! Stop! I can’t breathe. I know that you are happy about what I had said. That doesn’t mean suffocate me.”
Oscar laughed and put him down. “I can’t help it. That is good news. I wanted to take you out for lunch today just because but now I have a reason. Did you watch the video again?”
Navarro nodded. “I did this morning while I was eating. I know what seems to be off about it. You didn’t add the photos that I had found of Aden Baker’s family.”
Oscar groaned and stomped his foot. “I had completely forgotten about those. Should I redo the video and add the photographs?”
Navarro shook his head. “No need. Dr. Johnson had already said that he liked it so now there is no point. The video is good the way it is.”
Oscar smiled. “Now I don’t have to worry about that. What do you want to do until lunch?”
“I wanted to go grocery shopping. I am almost out of food and need some more toothpaste and toilet paper.”
Oscar nodded. “I need to buy some more deodorant as well as toilet paper. We can take my car since you had insisted that you needed a mustang to make yourself feel better.”
Navarro nodded. He did wonder about getting a new car. He was feeling so low about his diagnosis that he didn’t even think about getting an upgrade. “That sounds good to me since my car doesn’t have a trunk like your car does. Of course my car is much cooler than yours and it is a guaranteed babe magnet.”
Oscar laughed. “As if. How many women have you been with since you got that car? None. I think that we are just going to continue being bachelors. Maybe I should move in with you. How much rent are you paying on this apartment?”
“Three hundred a month. Don’t you own the two bedroom/one bathroom house?”
His brother nodded. “I do but I would rather move in here with you. It looks like it might be better than that house with just me in it.” He winked at Navarro during his last statement.
Navarro laughed. “This place is so small that I am even feeling claustrophobic. We better get going.” Oscar nodded and followed his brother out of the apartment.
They returned to Navarro’s apartment a few hours later laden with groceries. Oscar placed some of the bags on the kitchen’s island while Navarro took his toiletries into the bathroom.
Oscar looked around the apartment and smiled. When Navarro had told him and everyone they knew that he had found an apartment that he could afford, Oscar had never thought he would live in an apartment this small. “Hey, Navarro. I think that you might have to upgrade this apartment with new furnishings.”
Navarro reentered the kitchen to start putting his groceries away. “I like the way the place is furnished. Besides, I don’t have complete control over what I can put in here. I’m not allowed to have a pet, not even a goldfish.”
Oscar laughed. “That sounds horrible. Is your landlady that bad?”
Navarro smiled. “Definitely not. She is pretty sweet. I don’t really want a pet anyway. I like the way things are run here to even want to change it. Would you like to stay for supper or what?”
Oscar shook his head. “I need to get home and put my groceries away before the frozen items dethaw. I’ll see you later, little brother. Don’t forget about dinner with the folks this weekend.”
“I wouldn’t miss it. I’ll see you this weekend at their place.” Navarro walked his brother to the door and shut it behind him before locking the door. He went back to put the rest of his groceries.
A few minutes later, Navarro sat at his desk to work on something for his boss who wanted it by the end of the day. He thought to himself, “I swear that Keaton doesn’t care about the fact that I had had cancer. He works me harder even if I am not there.” He had taken a few days off of work so that he could relax but had to agree to work from home.
Navarro really wished Keaton would stay off his back sometimes. On the bright side, at least he was still getting paid for working at home. He felt like going into work in a few days so the guy wouldn’t have anything to complain about. Navarro smiled as he worked on the blueprints that he had promised his boss that he would get done.
Oscar finished putting his groceries away and went to sit on the couch. Lunch was really good today. He was surprised that Navarro ordered so much to eat. Oscar was quite happy that his brother has his appetite back. He wondered if Navarro should take the paperwork with him to show their parents. They would be happy that Navarro is semi-cancer free. He smiled and turned the television on to watch for a while.
An hour later, Oscar stretched and went to fix himself something to eat. He returned to the couch with his food and watched a movie while he ate. 
He remembered watching this movie with Navarro when they were first starting their YouTube channel. That was before they had found out about the cancer. It is amazing that it has only been three years since they got the news and Navarro is better. Oscar thought about how Navarro enjoyed their outing today. The fresh air was good for Navarro as well as the shopping. Everyone that they met today told us how they liked the video. 
Oscar smiled and finished his food. He got up from the couch to put his plate away and returned to the couch to finish watching the movie. 
The movie ended a few hours later. Oscar got up and stretched. He had forgotten how funny Bridesmaids was. He could watch it again but he had a busy day ahead of him. He yawned and went into the bedroom to sleep. 

It had been a week since Oscar had put the video on YouTube. Already they had over a million hits on the video as well as about thousands of comments. Some were hate comments from both feminists (including the Social Justice Warriors) and Men’s Rights Activists but the rest were positive and some even asked if they were going to do more videos like the Aden Baker video. Oscar had done videos before that had an average of over one hundred thousand views. It was predicted however that this video could accumulate over fifteen million views by the end of 2017.







Navarro was sitting at his desk at work when Oscar called him. They talked for a bit and then Navarro hung up the phone. He walked into Joshua Keaton’s office after being told to enter. “Sorry to bother you, sir but my brother called and wanted me meet him early for lunch. I’ll be quick and get right back to finishing the blueprints for the Jacobson job.”
Keaton looked up from the paperwork he had been working on when Navarro had knocked. 
“Sure. Tell him that he needs to do a follow up video on that little shitbag Aden Baker like ‘Where Is His Family Now’ sort of thing. Don’t worry about eating lunch quickly. The Jacobson job isn’t going anywhere so take your time.”
Navarro smiled. “Thank you, sir.” He turned around and walked out of the office. He stopped at his desk to put his pencils away. He smiled. If this was Oscar’s desk, he would have had pencils and pens everywhere and his papers would have been in a jumbled mess. 
He sighed and went out to his car. He drove to the coffee shop and parked next to his brother’s car. He got out and walked over to where Oscar was sitting. “What was the big announcement that you needed to tell me?”
Oscar grinned. “So many people loved our video that some have asked us to do a follow-up video on the Aden Baker video. I was thinking about doing a video about what his family is doing now that he is dead.”
Navarro laughed. “My boss said the same thing. He liked the video so much that he wanted me to tell you to do a ‘Where Are They Now’ segment.”
Oscar laughed. “For real? Wow, Great minds think alike. I never thought that he would watch our channel.”
Navarro shrugged. “Who knows? Do you need me to find information on his surviving family?”
“I thought that you already had that info. Isn’t that why you had those pictures of his family?”
Navarro smiled. “I do but there could be new things about them that weren’t available before. Besides, I know Anthony can help find the information we need. He gives me a starting place and I finish finding the info. I’ll give him a call when I get off work. Also, we should call Aaron. Maybe he knows something.”
Oscar smiled. “I will try and find some information on my end. In the meantime, I already ordered lunch.” Navarro laughed as the waiter came out with their food.
After lunch, Navarro went back to work while Oscar went to do some research at home. Navarro sighed as he walked into the office building. 
He really hoped that he and Oscar could find the information that they would need for the segment. It seems like they had come full circle. A few months ago, they had decided to do a video on Aden Baker. Now they are going to do a video on his family that is still alive. I think Anthony will be a big help in that. 
Navarro sat at his desk and continued working on drawing the blueprints for a new store downtown.
Oscar stretched as he went into his kitchen for a glass of water. He couldn’t find anything on Aden Baker’s family. This of course wasn’t surprising especially if the Baker family and anyone associated with them went underground to escape from being harassed. He sighed and went back to his computer with his water. He sat down and continued searching.
An hour later, Oscar shook his head and got up from the computer. He wondered if Navarro had more luck than I did. He glanced at his watch and smiled. “I better get ready for my date, Elizabeth might get impatient”, he said to himself. He went to take a quick shower just as his cell phone rang. He looked at it and answered it.
“How is the research going, Nav? I couldn’t find anything.”
“No such luck for me either. Anthony hasn’t gotten a hold of me since I asked him to help. I was thinking of getting takeout and putting on our favorite movie series. I feel like an ‘Underworld’ movie marathon. What say you?”
Oscar sighed. “I wish I could but I have something planned to do tonight. I have a date.” He heard his brother start laughing. He waited until Navarro caught his breath. “I was being serious. I have had this date planned for a week. Maybe we can do the movie marathon this weekend.”
“I’m sorry I laughed about you having a date. That’s good that you have a date. We can do the movie marathon this weekend. I will just watch some episodes of ‘The Ranch’ on Netflix.”
Oscar smiled. “Have fun with that, buddy. I’ll see you this weekend for the marathon.” Navarro hung up after saying goodbye. Oscar grinned and went to take his shower. After his shower, he got ready for his date at his favorite restaurant.
Navarro hung up and sighed. He was hoping Oscar would watch the movies with him. He shouldn’t complain though. At least he won’t become like Aden Baker. He might not have very many women that talk to him but he doesn’t have an inferiority complex. He chuckled and turned on Netflix.
Navarro woke up a few hours later. He looked at his watch and yawned. He couldn’t believe he fell asleep, although it was a long day though. He wasn’t as strong as he was before because of the cancer but he was working every day to become stronger. 
He sighed, turned off the television and went to get ready for bed. As he was getting ready, he thought about maybe waking up early to tomorrow and taking a jog. He grinned. Maybe he should consider going over to his brother’s house in the morning, wake him up and the two could go jogging. Navarro laughed as he got in bed to sleep.




















The next morning, Navarro woke up at five to go jogging. He decided not to wake Oscar early to go with him. He drove to the park and parked near one of the trails. He got out and locked his door before starting on the trail.
He jogged for a few hours before driving back to his apartment to get ready for work. After taking a shower, he dressed and went to work. He sat at his desk and made sure that he had all the blueprints ready for the meeting with the future owner of Jacobson’s Family Sporting Goods store.
Two hours later, Navarro shook hands with Jason Jacobson who had loved his blueprints for his upcoming store opening. “It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Jacobson. We will send the blueprints to your contractor this afternoon so that he can get started on building.”
Jacobson smiled. “It was a pleasure meeting the genius behind the design for the Supermarket on Fifth. I have tried other building design companies but none have ever matched my vision for my store. I’m having a barbecue this weekend and would like to invite you. You can bring a guest if you wish.”
Navarro grinned. “I would love to come. What time should I be there?”
“It is this Sunday at one. It will be the last time I will be able to grill outside. I can send you directions to my address.”
Navarro nodded. “That would be wonderful. I will be there.” Jacobson nodded and left.  
Joshua smiled. It was the biggest smile Navarro ever saw from him in his two years working with the man. “That was great work, Navarro. I want you to keep it up. Despite the fact that you were ill, you have made this company the best in the business. Good work.” He patted Navarro on the shoulder and went into his office. Navarro grinned and went back to his desk. He took his shoes off and went right to work on the next project.
At around five, Navarro put away his pencils and cleaned up his area before heading out to his car. He called his brother when he had arrived at his apartment to tell him the good news. It had been a while since he had been invited to something since he had gotten sick. He thought about inviting Oscar to go with him as his guest. Navarro thought it would be fun for the both of them. He smiled just as his cell phone rang.
“I just missed your call. Is something wrong?”
“Nothing is wrong, bro. I just wanted to see if you would like to go to a barbecue this Sunday at one o’clock. We can still have our ‘Underworld’ movie marathon”.
Navarro heard Oscar laugh. “I would love to go to a barbecue with you. By the way, how did it go at work today?”
He smiled. “It went very well. In fact, the client had invited me to the barbecue at his place. He told us that our blueprints kept with his vision and that the other companies missed it by a mile.”
“It sure has been awhile since you ever got invited to do something now that you are cancer free. This would be a perfect opportunity to expand your social circle. I say we go for it and take good advantage of it unlike a certain spoiled incompetent brat named Aden.”
Navarro laughed. “No problem there. I had already accepted. I just wanted to see if you would come with me.”
“Nothing doing. I will see you in ten minutes. Have you heard anything from Anthony or Aaron?”
Navarro sighed. “Not at all. The only thing I got from Anthony was an email saying that he was going on vacation for a few days and that he would call if he got any information that might be helpful. Your buddy Aaron’s still looking.”
He heard his brother sigh. “I hope that he can get us some information. I still cannot find anything on Aden Baker’s family. I think this search is going to result in nothing.”
“I know what you mean. I will see you when you get here.” Navarro hung up and went into his apartment to fix something to eat.
A few hours later, Navarro was sitting on the couch with Oscar and Aaron watching the second Underworld movie. Aaron said he was bored and decided to come over after work and see how Navarro was doing. Oscar had arrived with cartons of food from their favorite Chinese restaurant: the Peking Chinese Restaurant, and a few six packs of beer. 
Navarro had put the beer in the fridge while his brother got the first movie and the food ready. He remembered the two of them doing this when they were younger. If one Zurano brother was feeling horrible, the other Zurano brother would cheer him up with their favorite food and drinks. They continued doing this even after they had left their father and moved away from home. Navarro was thinking they should do this more often. 
Navarro sighed and got up to grab a few more beers after pausing the film.
Oscar sat on his brother’s couch with one takeout carton on his lap. He wondered what Navarro’s client was like. He bet he has a lot of money which is why the guy is throwing a barbecue.
Just then, there was a knock on the door. “Nav, I’ll get it!” Oscar yelled out. When he opened the door, it was Sal, holding two pizza boxes. He had a coat covering a white dress shirt, black cuffed trousers and black tassel loafers. The way he is dressed kind of reminded him of Navarro’s high school graduation photo. It was also the way Oscar dressed formally as well.
“Hey, Sal!” Oscar said. “Wow. Umm… I didn’t expect to see you…Did Nav know you’re coming over?” 
“Well, not really.” Sal said with a chuckle. “I came to surprise him. I just got back from one of my cousins so-called great gasby parties. I brought pizza…although I see you already have dinner”. 
“Are you kidding me?” Aaron called out. “I’ve been dying for a slice. I’m still hungry.” Aaron points to the table in front of him. “Put it right down here, bro.”
“Yo, Sal! What up?” Navarro yelled from the kitchen. “I’m in the kitchen”.
As Sal made his way into the kitchen, Navarro greeted him and asked, “What brings Mr. Pullen to Nashua.”?
“Well, Mr. Pullen here is going apartment hunting here in the Hillsborough county area. My parents are currently in Merrimack so I’m staying there for a bit until I get my own place. Hope you don’t mind the surprise”.
 “That’s cool.” Navarro said quickly. “Actually tomorrow Oscar and I are going to a barbecue in Merrimack.”
Sal was curious. Tomorrow, he was also going to a barbecue. “Wow. I’m going to a barbecue in that area. What address”?
“743 Arabian lane.”
Sal’s mouth dropped. “You got invited to Jason Jacobson’s barbecue too!? My god! Fuck Yeah!” 
As the two high-fived and hugged, Navarro asked “Wait, so how were you invited? Do you know him or….”
“My Dad’s cousin. Which reminds me, my parents aren’t going to be at the barbecue but they wanted to know how you were doing. They definitely wanted me to keep them posted especially after what happened that day”.
“Yeah, when I fainted…”
Navarro noticed Sal looking down at the floor slightly guilt-ridden. “Hey, Sal, don’t be a downer. According to Anthony, thankful I fell right into Oscar’s arms so I didn’t break my face. I know that’s a terrible analogy. Don’t feel bad please.”
“Well, I will admit, the way you fell was kind of funny. But then when we got to the hospital, that was when shit got serious.” Sal replied with a chuckle.”
They both laughed for bit. Then Navarro said, “By the way, I recently got the Martian DVD.”
“Really? Oh thank god!” Sal said with a sigh of relief. “You know I have high standards when it comes to movies. Look I’m not a stuck up little prince like our friend Aden Baker but the Underworld movies are not my cup of tea. I’m sorry.”   
Navarro and Sal returned to the couch, both with two more beers and they handed one to Oscar and Aaron. He played the film and they watched in silence. Oscar looked at his brother and smiled. He thought to himself, “I think he looks a little better than the last time I saw him. It seems like he is getting better since he began to work again.” Navarro loved making blueprints. Oscar remembered Navarro used to take art classes after school while he was doing sports and musical theatre. Navarro has so much talent. Oscar thought he was wasting it by using his skills for other people to take credit for. Oscar sighed.
The movie ended and Navarro got up to put the next movie in. While it went through the credits, he smiled. “Thank you for coming with me on Sunday. I think it will be fun.”
Oscar shrugged. “No problem, little brother. I think it will be fun. You need it more than I do.”
Navarro laughed. “Not only that, I have been jogging to get myself in shape again. Why don’t you join me one morning? I get up early and go to the park.”
Oscar grinned. “I might take you up on that offer. We can make it a recurring thing for us.”
“Count me in please.” Aaron chimed in. I really do need to work on my cardio too. Weightlifting’s good too. We all should do that.” 
“Sure thing, Aaron. Thank you again Oscar. You have been a big help and I can’t tell you enough.”
Oscar laughed. “Happy to be of service, little brother.” He smiled as Navarro pushed play.
The third movie ended three hours ago and they started watching the fourth. Oscar kept looking at his brother, glad to have this time with him. He had neglected to hang out with his brother since he had put the Aden Baker video on YouTube. The video was still creating a buzz on the internet. Not only that, more people were watching everyday making the video the most popular thing to watch on the internet. 
As they watched the movie, Aaron texted Oscar. Apparently, while he was in the kitchen, Aaron discovered Navarro’s test results. Oscar looked at his phone and noticed the message Aaron sent him. Without even looking, the two of them did a fist bump. 
“Oh, nice fist bump.” Navarro said as he noticed what was going on in the corner of his eye. “Did Aaron tell you that he took a sneak peek at my test results?” 
Sal grinned at Aaron’s reaction. Aaron was wide-eyed. Then as he looked Navarro’s smirk, he slowly pointed his finger towards Oscar. Aaron was about to say something when Navarro howled with laughter. “No. No way Aaron! Come on! Don’t give me that look. You think I didn’t notice the envelope with the results was downside up. The envelope was upside down before. Nice try, my man.”
“Wow, Nav! You got eyes, man! I’m impressed!” Sal said. Navarro’s cell phone rang in the kitchen so he excused himself as Oscar paused the movie.
The room was silent for a minute. Sal then looked at Oscar.
“Wow, Nav looks so much better”. Sal said. “He doesn’t look as exhausted the last time my parents and I came to visit. You know, the night before we all went to celebrate, I called my dad and told him that Nav was in remission. This man screamed and jumped for joy, then he yells to mom about the news and now I’m hearing them screaming for joy. Then I heard them tell my sister and so everybody’s screaming. I’m glad that they were excited about the news but I told dad ‘I gotta go’. That was too much”.
Aaron and Sal laughed and joked around for a bit. Oscar grinned however he wasn’t too sure whether or not to be amused. To this day, he still is thinking about why Sal, his sister Clara and their parents had to know first about how his brother’s condition was getting worse. The Zurano brothers have talked about this from time to time but whenever Oscar thought about the Pullen family knowing this before he did, it still bothered him. Navarro told Sal and Clara about the symptoms he was going through. They were the first ones to know. It was the day of Navarro’s mini-mental breakdown that Oscar found out what was happening with his brother. This event took place two days prior to Navarro fainting and going to the hospital. 
“How is Clara?” Oscar asked out of curiosity. “Navarro told me she’s graduating Dartmouth next year”.
“Yeah, she’s doing great.” Sal replied. “The girl’s trying to get into Med school. Keeping my fingers crossed on how that goes”.
“Good luck with that”. Oscar said with a chuckle. “Good luck to her getting in, and if she does get in, good luck regardless. You don’t fuck around in schools like that.”
Sal nodded his head in approval. “By the way, is Clara single?” Oscar asked.
“No but she’s broken up with this guy so many times during the years that it’s gotten redundant at this point. In fact guess what? They broke up last week! I will say she does have a soft spot for Nav. I really do like the current boyfriend but if they hopefully have broken up for good, I’ll make sure Nav is next in line. By the way, I’m going to that barbecue tomorrow and I’ll keep my eyes and ears open.” 
Oscar nodded his head. He was curious how Sal got invited to the party so he thought about asking Navarro about that.
“By the way, while we were in the kitchen, I told Navarro that I wanted to see the Martian so just to let you know after we finish watching all the mediocre Underworld movies, the Martian’s next.”
Oscar nodded and said, “Sure no problem”. Nav told me how high your standards are when it comes to movies”.
Aaron chuckled and said, “Wow, the boy’s talking shit about the Underworld movies. Damn”.
They all laughed when Navarro came back from the kitchen.
Sal asked out of curiosity, “Who was that on the phone”?
“A co-worker called me.” Navarro said as he was taking a slice of pizza. “So according to my co-worker Luke, the party is actually going to be at the Jenness State Beach. They’re going to meet in the parking lot. Oh, and Luke said he’s resigning. I asked why and he basically he said ever since Keaton took over, Luke’s been contemplating leaving but I guess he decided now’s the time”.
“Oh well, good luck to him.” Oscar said. “Now is Navarro Zurano considering the same thing?”
“Well, I don’t know.” Navarro paused for a little bit and then continued. “Listen Oscar, I love the work that we do with your YouTube channel. I love making videos on my channel…
Then Oscar interrupted “But Nav, you and I have talked about this non-stop. Hell, you have said to Aaron and me how much you enjoy doing the YouTube thing.”
“Yeah, I do enjoy the work. You do realize though I haven’t put out a lot of content as I should and yes I would definitely like to start back doing that.”
Aaron chimed in “Well let me say two things. First off, you’re currently making approximately what, about $2500 doing monthly doing these YouTube videos based on the spreadsheet you showed me. Yes I understand that you’re saving money and everything but when you combine your day job with this the stuff you’re doing on YouTube, I personally think it’s too much for you and you will get burnt out. Oh I almost forgot, the Lippy Kids Podcast. You’re an integral member, our subscribers support you. Also, the work schedule you have makes it rather difficult for you to fit that in with the podcast and I know you enjoy the work and fun that we have when we make videos on that channel, Nav. I would reconsider. You love doing the YouTube videos. I can tell when I watch your videos.”
“I agree”. Sal chimed in. “I mean you’ve talked about the work you’ve done on your channel non-stop.” 
Navarro sighed. “Oh man…well I need to think about this…this is tough.”
“That’s right, Nav. You should think about it”. Oscar said. “Take your time all right? Yes, we have Anthony and he does good job but we really like you to think about what is that you want…”
“Oscar, get the fuck out of here”. Aaron said swiftly. “Yes our Lippy Kids fan base has a massive love/hate relationship with Anthony, but to me, he’s way too much of a wild card. Plus, based on what’s going on with him, he’s not interesting in doing this so there’s no point in keeping him there.”
Sal chuckled for bit when Aaron said this. Oscar rolled his eyes and said “Yes, Aaron, I got it. The guy is reckless but that’s a different topic for a different day, alright?” He turns his attention back to Navarro. “I can’t tell you what you should do alright, buddy? But hey, just remember, whatever decision you choose, everyone in this room will support you one hundred percent.”
Navarro nodded. “Thanks Bro, you’re the best”.
“You got it bro! Remember there is absolutely no rush.” Oscar replied.            
Navarro grabbed the remote and pressed play. Oscar looked at Navarro as he sat down on the sofa. Oscar knew that he should have been even more helpful when Navarro had been diagnosed with Sarcoma.
From now on, Oscar planned on hanging out with Navarro whenever he had a day off or whenever he wants to. He thought maybe he could help set Navarro up with Tina’s friends. Oscar chuckled and took a drink of beer. He knew Navarro wouldn’t go for one of them. They all want to talk about shoes and clothes. He would be so bored. Plus, they were pretty old and he knew Navarro had zero interest in the cougars. Navarro needed someone who likes the same things he does and Sunday was also the perfect day for grilling.  
Oscar smiled and turned to watch the rest of the movie. Tomorrow they were going shopping to get some new clothes to wear to this shindig. He knew he would need some new clothes. He would hate to show up in his ratty tennis shoes and torn jeans as if had been in a fight with a grizzly bear. He also needed to get some new tee shirts. He sighed and thought to himself: 

I think Sunday is going to be a pretty good day for both me and the little brother.                                  































About The Author

Marc Cage is the author of Aden Baker: Notoriety and Anonymity, an installment of the Lippy Kid series, which he is currently working on. He is a pianist/cellist (when he feels like it) and somewhat of a tech enthusiast who enjoys writing during his spare time. 










Special Thanks

The Author would like to extend special thanks to all his family members and his friends for their inspiration in writing this book. There are also a few teachers that are worth mentioning: David Cohen (high school teacher), Robin Cohen/Altomare (middle school teacher), all the P.E. teachers and all the music teachers. 
The author would also like to extend a giant imaginary middle finger special thanks to most of the elementary/middle female teachers at Livingston, New Jersey that he had the misfortune of being taught by at both Hillside Elementary School and Mount Pleasant/Heritage Middle School. Teachers such as Elementary School Marissa Snyder, a snotty politically correct harridan, Middle School teacher Ronnie Varadi, Home economics teacher Blanche Eaton, Ms. Mitnick, Ms. Mirsky and Ms. Dubrow, another politically correct, judgmental, cuckoo bird basket case, were truly an inspiration in writing this short story. Other inspirational individuals who the Author had the misfortune of crossing paths with throughout his life are Adam, Rochella, and former college bud, Hirenkumar. 
What can I say? Have a nice life.

